1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
557
Mr. COWAN. Would the law be valid?
Mr. DAVIS. It is only the vote that is counted
that rules the presidential election. Whatever
vote is counted in that election decides the ques-
tion of the election to the Presidency. Who is
to perform that office of counting the vote? I
maintain that it is to be done by the two Houses
or in the presence of and under the supervision
of the two Houses. The question now is whether
the two Houses in their legislative capacity may
lay down certain principles and regulations to pre-
vent disorder and confusion in the act of count-
ing the presidential votes? I think they may.
Where the Constitution directs an act to be
done it invests all needful power to enable that
act to be conveniently done. As I understand
the Constitution, the power to count the votes is
vested in the two Houses of Congress. That is
a power to be executed under the Constitution.
A general provision of the Constitution provides
that Congress may pass all laws necessary and
proper to carry into execution any power vested
by the Constitution in the Government of the
United States or in any of the departments or
officers thereof. This power to count the presi-
dential votes is certainly vested by the Constitu-
tion somewhere. It is vested in the two Houses.
The manner in which the count shall be made is
not prescribed by the Constitution. Then comes
in the general power given to Congress to pass
all laws necessary and proper to execute any of
the powers vested by the Constitution in the Gov-
ernment or in any department or officer thereof.
I understand that that incidental power is sim-
ply proposed to be executed by this joint resolu-
tion in declaring certain principles and forms by
■which the count shall be made. This count is
tn be made in subordination to the Constitution.
The Constitution declares that no man shall be
eligible to the office of President unless he be
a native-born citizen or a citizen of the United
States at the adoption of the Constitution. Sup-
pose the State of Louisiana had voted for a man
who did not come up to that qualification, who
was not a native citizen of the United States, or
■who had not resided in the United States at the time
of the adoption of the Constitution, would it not
be the duty of the two Houses, in counting the
vote, to decline to count the vote of Louisiana that
had been cast for a person for President in direct
conflict with the spirit and the letter of the Con-
stitution? It certainly would. The vote must
be counted. How can it be counted until it is
ascertained? The vote must be identified. It
must be identified and ascertained in obedience
to certain principles of the Constitution. One of
those principles is that the candidate voted for
must be thirty-five years of age; another is that
he must have been a citizen of the United States
at the time the Constitution was adopted, or he
must be a native-born citizen. Any vote cast in
opposition to these plain and palpable provisions of
the Constitution would he null and void ; it would
not be a vote for President in conformity to the
Constitution, and therefore it would be void. To
ascertain whether this vote is so cast or not, the
two Houses of Congress, acting in the count
of the vote, must decide whether any Slate has
voted for a man under thirty-five years of age, or
voted for an alien, against the provisions of the
Constitution. They are to ascertain whether such
votes have been given or not, before they can
make a constitutional count of the votes.
Now, sir, as I understand the effect of this joint
resolution, it is smiplyin a form to do that duty;
that is, to ascertain whether the vote of certain
States has been cast m conformity to the Consti-
tution or not, and deciding that they have not
been cast in conformity to the Constitution, to
exclude them from the count. Some gentlemen
here think the election in Louisiana was illegal
for one class of reasons; I think it was illegal tor
another class of reasons; but as wo both come to
the same conclusion, it is immaterial upon what
ground. The vote of that State is illeg-r. If I
assume that it is illegal on one reason, and the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] assumes
that it is illegal upon another reason, 1 shall not
dispute with him about the grounds that brought
h;m to the conclusion to exclude the voteof Lou-
isiana, but I will agree that he shall vote to ex-
clude it upon his reason and I will vote to exclude
it nnon mine.
But, sir, the position I intended to state and
upon which I rely, is simply this: that Congress,
for the convenience of the two bodies when they
are in convention, and to prevent disorder and
confusion at the time and place of counting the
presidential votes, may previously by jointreso-
lution declare certain principles upon which that
count shall take place; that the resolution now
under consideration simply does that, and there-
fore it comes legitimately and properly within the
exercise of an incidental power of Congress to
pass such laws as shall be necessary and proper
to enable any expressly granted power in the in-
strument to be executed; and it is simply forthat
purpose that this resolution was offered, and it
ought to*pass.
Mr. POWELL. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the honorable Senator from New Jersey
to strike out " Louisiana" from the preamble,
and 1 am also opposed to the substitute offered
by the honorable Senator from Vermont to the
resolution reported by the Committee on the Judi-
ciary. The Senator from New Jersey yesterday,
speaking of Louisiana, referred to a statement
made by General Banks before the Judiciary Com-
mittee, in which he declared that the recent elec-
tions in that State were conducted without any
interference from the military; and he read this
clause in the statement of General Banks:
" I desire to state in the most unqualified terms, that no
effort whatever was made on the part ot the military au-
thorities to influence the citizens of the State either in the
selection of candtdatea or in the election of officers, and
that the direct influence of the Government of the United
States was less in Louisiana than in the election probably
ol'any other State of the Union."
I do not concur with General Ranks in that
statement, and the paper in which it is contained
entirely overthrows the position taken by Gen-
eral Banks about the non-interference of the mili-
tary authorities with the election in the State of
Louisiana. General Banks in this paper tells you
that the military authorities prescribed the quali-
fications of voters in thatState; that they allowed
persons to vote who were disqualified from voting
by the constitution and laws of the State of Lou-
isiana Under the constitution and laws of Lou-
isiana persons in the Army and Navy are not legal
voters. General Banks tells you that he modified
that provision and allowed those persona to vote.
He tells you further that the voters were required
to take and did take every one of them the oath
prescribed in the President's amnesty proclama-
tion of December 8, 1863; and that the military
authorities not only prescribed the qualifications
of voters and the oath they should take, but fixed
the rule for the eligibility of candidates to office.
The amnesty proclamation of the President of
December 8,1863, it will be borne in mind requires
each person to swear, not only that he will sup-
port all the laws of Congress passed on the subject
of slavery, but all the proclamations issued by the
President on that subject or that he may here-
after issue. That was a condition precedent to
anybody being qualified as a voter at these elec-
tions in Louisiana. Although these facts all ap-
pear in this very statement of General Banks he
comes here and tells you in another part of the
statement that the interference of the Government
in the elections in Louisiana was probably less
than in any State of the Union I Did General
Banks think for a moment that the members of
this body were so grossly ignorant of public af-
fairs as not to know that his statement was in-
correct ?
I ask you, sir, what greater interference there
could be by the governmental authorities with
the elections of a State than to prescribe qualifi-
cations of voters different from those prescribed
in the constitution and laws of the State? Will
General Banks tell me that in any State of the
Union (except, in some parts of Kentucky, where
the military authorities did pretend to prescribe
the qualification of voters,) the authorities of this
Government have the power to prescribe those
qualifications? Has it been done in any of the
adhering States save in some localities in the bor-
der States? lias the Government of the United
States,by any or all of its departments,presumed
to presciibe the qualifications of a voter in the
State of New Jersey, or the State of New York,
or the State of Ohio ? No, sir. And yet Genera!
Banks tells you m this paper, which is relied upon
by the Senator from New Jersey, that there was
no governmental interference with the elections
in Louisiana, or, at least, less probably than in
any State of the Union. General Banks is greatly
mistaken when he asserts that,and the very paper
that he submits clearly and palpably stamps the
statement as erroneous.
I am opposed to admitting on this floor persons
who are elected under the bayonet influence in
any way whatever. I very well know that there
was no free expression of the people of Louisi-
ana in these elections. 1 know that they but
obeyed the behests of the military, whatever com-
manders may say about it. General Banks tells
you in this very statement that the military au-
thorities there undertook to alter the constitution
and laws of the State of Louisiana, and by mili-
tary proclamations and orders to prescribe the
qualifications of voters. Does any man tell me
that an election held under such circumstances is
a free election? No, sir. My friend from Ohio
[Mr. Wade] says it is a farce, and but for its
tragical results upon republican liberty it would
be the greatest of farces. Its effect upon the lib-
erty of the people, and upon every principle of
self-government and every principle of republican
government, is most tragic and disastrous. While
I hold a seathereorhaveavoiceanywhere,never
with my consent shall any man take position in
thecouncilsof thenation who was elected by force
of military power. The military muststand aloof
from elections. Let them fight the armed ene-
mies of the country, and let the people in their
civil capacity go forward, and, uninfluenced by
anything else than their own good judgments,
vote as they please. Let the constituted author-
ities of the States prescribe, as they have a right
to do, the qualifications of their voters and of their
candidates for office. Whenever you depart from
that principle, you stab in the most vital partour
system of government, you overthrow the repre-
sentative republican system, and you establish
on its ruins a military despotism. I will not con-
sent to it in any form or in any manner. So
much for the elections in Louisiana.
I am opposed to the substitute offered by the
distinguished Senator from Vermont to the reso-
lution before the Senate. There is in his amend-
ment a power given to the President of the Uni-
ted States which would enable him, if he had
almost any strength, to reelect himself. That
amendment declares that the vote of any State
which may have been declared to be in rebellion
by the proclamation of the President made in
pursuance of the act of July 13, 18G1, shall not
be counted. Now suppose—I will merely sup-
pose the case for illustration—that at the next
presidential election Mr. Lincoln should be again
a candidate; and suppose on a general survey of
the political field he should find that it was neces-
sary that the votes of New York and Ohio, for
instance, should be excluded in order to secure
his reelection; and then suppose that in order to
prevent their votes from being counted, which if
counted would certainly defeat his election, he
should manage to have a little row kicked up
there, and then declare Ohio and New York in
a state of rebellion: what would be the result?
According to the amendment, their votes could
not be counted, and that would insure his reelec-
tion. It is a power which 1 will never by any
vote of mine clothe the Executive with.
For the reasons which 1 have thus briefly
stated,! cannot support either the amendment
offered by the Senator from New Jersey, or that
offered by the Senator from Vermont, but prefer
to adhere to the resolution as it came from the
Committee on the Judiciary.
I believe that the States in revolt are still States
of the Union. I believe they are not out of the
Union. I believe, furthermore, that when they
choose to lay down their arms, and to elect offi-
cers of their State governments who acknowledge
this Government, and to send members to the
House of Representatives, and Senators to this
Chamber, they have the right to do so, and I be-
lieve that they ought to be permitted to do so.
While I say that, I know of course that each
House is the judge of the qualifications of its
members, and each House is to judge for itself
whether the resistance to the Government in any
State has sufficiently ceased to entitle it to repre-
sentation here, and hence it is that each case must
stand upon its own merits as it js piesented here.
For myself, 1 would vote to-morrow to receive
Senators in this Hall from every State that is in
revolt, provided I believed that a majority of the
