1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1323
reply to the gentleman from Pennsylvania who
made the declaration that there is no provision of
treaty for these Indians. I remember well, when
the Indian appropriation bill was under discus-
sion a few days since, that we were told by gentle-
men that appropriations were necessary for cer-
tain tribes of Indians in OregQn and Washington
because there wore no treaties with them. Now,
if it were a good reason to make appropriations
for the Indians of Oregon and Washington that
there had been no treaties made with them, I do
not see why the same reason may not be urged
in the case of Arizona. I do not know whether
the sum is too large or too small; but I do know
that the same reason which carried the appropri-
ation for the Indians of Washington and Oregon
ought to induce the adoption of the appropriation
for Arizona,
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. WILSON. I move to reduce the appro-
priation to $100,000.
Mr. POSI'ON. I accept that as a modification
of my amendment.
The question recurred on Mr. Poston's amend-
ment, as modified.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
54, noes 43.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. H1GBY. I move to add the following:
And be it farther enacted, That the Joint Committee on
the Libiary be,and the} are hereby, authorized and dhected
to contract with Fmneis 11. Carpenter, at a sum not ex-
ceeding .^O'JjOOO, lor the purchase of his  painting known as
the Emancipation Proclamation before the Cabinet, to be
put in the Capitol, tn such place therein as the Speaker of
the Ilou-e and the Vice I*iesident may designate.
Mr. HOLMAN. Tlmt amendment is not to
carry out any existing law, and I make the point
of order on it. We cannot appropriate money
for pictures at a time like this.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has some doubt
in reference to the question of order,and will sub-
mit it to the committee.
The committee divided; and there were—ayes
62, noes 31.
So the committee decided that the amendment
was not in order.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I move to add the fol-
lowing:
And be it further enacted, That the salary of the Register
of the Treasury tor the current year shall be .§4,000, and
the salary of the chief clerk of the Register's office shall be
$2,200 for the same peilod, after which time then salaries
Fhall remain as heretofore fixed bylaw; and thatthe office
ofthe Assistant Register under the Treasurer is hereby abol-
ished.
I will barely state, for the information of the
committee, that the passage of this amendment
will save the Governmentaboutone thousand dol-
lars a year. During the administration of Mr.
Chittenden as Register of the Treasury, we were
called upon to appointan Assistant Registerof the
Treasury, on account of the accumulation of
business in that Department. That business has
not decreased since then, bat has, as I am credi-
bly informed,'increased. The Assistant Register
who was appointed, owing to an unfortunate cir-
cumstance, is not and has not been able during
the past year to attend to the business of the office,
and it has all devolved upon the Register and chief
clerk. I am willing, as long as the Register does
the whole business of the office of the Assistant
Register, to abolish the latter office and increase
the salary of the Register to $4,000. The salary
of the Register of the Treasury is now §3,000 a
year, and it is proposed to abolish the office of
Assistant Register and throw the increased duties
upon the Register himself, paying him therelor
$1,000 more, and save the difference of the two
salaries to the Government.
The resolution further provides that the salary
of $4,000 shall only be for the current year, and
that thereafter the salary shall go back to §3,000;
leaving it to Congress, as the public business may
require, to increase the salary at their pleasure.
This is an economical measure, a just measure,
and I hope it will meet the approbation of the
committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would inquire what the
salary is of the office which is proposed to be
abolished ?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. It is §2,000 a year.
Mr. HOLMAN. This proprosition increases
the salary of the Register to $4,000.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. it increases the salary
of the Register from |3,000to $4,000 a year. The
salary of the chief clerk is $2,000 a year, and I
here propose to add to it $200.
Mr. STEVENS. If I understand this propo-
sition correctly I should be sorry to vote for it.
The Assistant Register is a very worthy man,
but has been afflicted with paralysis lately, from
which he has now recovered. Ifl understandit,
this proposition legislates him out of office and
gives the salary to the Register. I cannot go for
that.
Mr. WILSON. I remember very distinctly the
discussion which occurred on the proposition to
create the office of Assistant Register, and the rea-
son alleged for it was that the Register himself
was then in some degree afflicted with paralysis,
and was unable to sign his name,and that there-
fore it became necessary to get an assistant to do
the writing which otherwise would devolve upon
the Register. But now it uppears that the As-
sistant Register is afll)cted with paralysis. If so,
I think we had better abolish the office. We have
a Register now who is an able-bodied man, who
is able to write, and therefore if we now get rid of
the paralytic we shall have a man in office who is
able to write and do all that is necessary to be
done. 1 hope, therefore, that the proposition to
abolish the office of Assistant Register will be
adopted.
Mr. HOLMAN. In that view of the matter I
propose to amend by striking out the words<( and
be it further enacted, that the office of Assistant
Register of the Treasury is hereby abolished.'9
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I hope thenmendment
proposed by the gentlemen from Indiana will not
prevail. It is evidently introduced for the pur-
pose of defeating the proposition which is em-
bodied in the amendment I have presented.
Now, sir, I have to say that at the time the
Assistant Register was appointed it was deemed
important that some additional assistance should
bo provided in the office of the Assistant Register
of the Treasury. 1 have no doubt thatthe person
who was appointed was a competent gentleman,
but for a portion of the last year he has been in
such a condition that he has rendered no assist-
ance. The Register, who came from Vermont,
(where nobody lives except very industrious gen-
tlemen,) is an able lawyer, ix hard-working man,
and he has performed the arduous duties which
his position devolves upon him with great satis-
faction to the Secretary of the Treasury. And i
think it is a matter of simple justice, right, and
fairness that his salary should be increased for
the present year when expenses are so enormous
that a man with afainily cannot live upon $4,000
a year. The proposition leaves the legislation in
reference to the future salary in the hands of fu-
ture Congresses. We all know that this is a posi-
tion of great responsibility, requiring greatlabor,
great care, a good judicial mind, and fair legal
attainments. The present Register has all these
qualifications, and 1 know of no officer of the Gov-
ernment who accomplishes more labor, and de-
votes himself more assiduously to his duties than
the present Register, Mr. Colby. Now, heis per-
fectly willing to perform these duties for n year,
because the pay is necessary for him as it is for
any gentleman who has not an income outside of
what he receives here in Washington to make
both ends meet; and inasmuch as heis perform-
ing the duties so well, and inasmuch as the amend-
ment only asks for a provision for the current
year, 1 do hope, as a matter of justice, that the
committee will be inclined to favor this proposi-
tion.
1 have no particular objection to abolishing the
office of Assistant Register of the Treasury, al-
though I am quite sure, from what information I
have received and which 1 know to be true, that
the duties of this office have not only immensely
increased but are daily accumulating, and that
there will be business for an Assistant Register if
we shall retain the office and have a competent
man appointed. But under the circumstances,
inasmuch as^the Register is willing to assume the
labors which would devolve upon the Assistant
Register, supposing that he can carry it along for
one year more, I think it is but just that he «hould
receive; the increased compensation of $1,000, and
for the purpose of saving expense to the Govern-
ment I have also put a provision into the amend-
ment abolishing the office of Assistant Register
of the Treasury.
Mr. SPALDING. If it be necessary to in-
crease the salary of the Register of the Treasury
I do not know that I have any objection to it.
But I do object most strenuously to this mode of
doing it. 1 understand that the proposition is to
break down the Assistant Register. I do not
know him. I do not even know where he comes
from; but I understand that the man has been un-
fortunate, and it is proposed to drive him from
office because he has been a paralytic and give
his nay to the Register.
Now, 1 do not like this way of doing the na-
tional business. If the Register be a competent
officer, as I trust he is, let the gentleman bring for-
ward a bold proposition to increase his salary,
and we will vote upon it; but do not couple with
it a proposition to break down a man who has
been unfortunate. 1 object to that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will this
save any money to the Treasury ?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. It will.
Mr. WASH BURNE, of Illinois. Then I am
for it.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. It will save $1,000; but
I vote for it because it is a matter of justice. I
have heard a good deal said here, both in this
committee and in the House, in relation to econ-
omy. That is a question that ought to be con-
sidered by every member of this House; but when
the question comes up between doing justice to
an individual and saving one, two, or ten thou-
sand dollars to this great Government, I am for
doing justice; Jiat justitia ruat caelum is the motto
that men may well adopt, and the principle should
be carried out in legislative action in the same
degree that we would carry it out in our own
business. No gentleman upon the floor of the
House will ask services to be rendered to him
without returning an adequate consideration to the
man who renders them,and 1 believe thatthe Gov-
ernment will be better prospered, as mew in their
private iclations are better prospered, if in any case
that comes up it shall be considered on its indi-
vidual merits, and let right be done, and as I be-
lieve that this amendment is right I hope it will
be passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does not my friend from
Vermont know that nothing could be more un-
just than to increase this salary while the sala-
ries of the Second and Third Auditors and the
other heads of bureaus remain as they now are?
The injustice is manifest when you consider the
enormous increase in the business of the offices
of the two Auditors. It is not proposed to in-
crease those salaries at all. There is no move-
ment in that direction. 1 object to a discrimina-
tion in favor of a particular officer who performs
the same class of duties to the exclusion of others.
I hope my amendment will be adopted.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I call for tellers on the
amendment to the amendment.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Holman
and Woodbridge were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes flfty-eigjht, noes not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Thequestion recurred upon the amendment as
amended.
Mr. SLOAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sloan and
Stiles were appointed.
Thecommittee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 50, noes 47.
So the amendment as amended was adopted.
M r. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move the follow-
ing amendment as an additional scction:
Sec- —. And be it further enaclc<l,Th,i.t no person shall
berried bv court-nvirtnil, or miiitiuy commi-MOiu in any
State or Territory where the comt< of the United States
aie open, except persons actually mustered, or commis-
Moned, or appointed in the military or naval service of tne
United Stares, or rebel enemies chaiged with being -pies ;
and all proceedings heietofore had contiar^v to tl;i> provis-
ion are declared vacated; and all person^ not Mibject to
trial, undei this? act, by court-mamal or nulitatv commis-
sion, now held undei sentence thereof, shall be forthwith
disehaiged or delivered to the civil autiioi itn-s to be pro-
ceeded ayam^t buloie the cotn ts of the Uuiied States ac-
ooidmg to law. And all aeis inconsistent herewith are
herein lopcaled.
I wish to say merely a few words in explana-
tion of this amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
make a point of order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I hope the gentle--
man will not persist; lei us have a vote.
