1324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. I have raised
a point of order on everything that I believed not
to be in order on an appropriation bill. I would
treat all alike.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Let me explain
the amendment before you press your point of
order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Certainly,
if my point of order can be reserved.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order can
be waived, by unanimous consent, until the gen-
tleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis] gets through.
No objection was made.
Mr. DAVfS, of Maryland. Mr. Chairman,
• I do not desire at this period of the session to
detain the House even by an argument in favor
of the amendment I have submitted. I desire to
state merely what it contemplates and to beg the
House to give a direct vote upon it. It is a meas-
ure which touches the very foundation of repub-
lican government, the liberty of the citizen, and
nothing more, nothing less.
I do not think it is exclusively, perhaps not
chiefly, the fault of those in authority that mili-
tary commissions have tried, contrary to the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States, many of
its citizens. It began first in the rebel States, then
spread to the border States, the theater of armed
conflicts, then invaded Pennsylvania, Indiana,
and New York, amid the general acclaim of the
people; and now that it reaches as far north as
Boston we hear the first murmur of its advocates
or instigators. What that amendment contem-
plates is, not to cast imputation upon any admin-
istration or any officer, but recognizing the error
which the people as well as the Government have
in common committed against the foundation of
their own safety, now, before the very idea of the
supremacy of the law has faded from the coun-
try, to restore it to its power.
This amendment is confined rigidly to the loyal
States, to the States in which the courts of the
United States are open, to the States whose gov-
ernments the United States guaranty, so that it
does not strip the Government of any power, legal
or usurped, which it has thought necessary in its
efforts to suppress the rebellion. It leaves every-
body to be tried by military court-martial who is
actually in the military service of the Govern-
ment, or who being a rebel enemy is arrested as
a spy. But it annuls everything that has been
done heretofore under illegal military commis-
sions, diiects all persons now in illegal confine-
ment under sentence of illegal military commis-
sions to be either discharged or delivered to the
civil tribunals to be there proceeded against ac-
cording to law. There the amendment stops.
I desire to make an imputation on no one. This
amendment is proposed for the benefit of every
party and of every administration. And I trust
that the House will allow it to be incorporated
into this bill, that it may become the acknowl-
edged as it is now the supreme law of the land
and the right of the citizen.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I now insist
upon my point of order that this amendment is
not germane to this bill in any way, and there-
fore is not in order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I appeal from the
decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The question now is,
Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of ttie Committee of the Whole ?
Mr. DAWES. Is the appeal from the decision
of the Chair debatable?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not debatable.
Upon the question of sustaining the decision of
the Chair, the committee divided; and there were
—ayes 46, noes 48.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wash-
bcbne, of Illinois, and Davis, of Maryland, were
appom ted.
1 he committeedivided; and the tellers reported.
—ayes 50, noes 65.
So the decision of the Chair was not sustained.
ENROLLED BILL.
The committee here rose informally, and the
Speaker having resumed the chair,
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled a bill of the following title: An act
(H. R. No. 763) to amend an act entitled "An
act to aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from the Missouri river to the Pacific
ocean, and to secure to the Government the use
of the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses," approved July 1, 1862, and to amend an
act amendatory thereof, approved July 2, 1864;
when the Speaker signed the same.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
The committee again resumed (Mr. Pike in the
chair) the consideration of the miscellaneous ap-
propriation bill.
The question was upon the amendmentof Mr.
Davis, of Maryland.*
Mr. KERNAN. Chairman, I trust that
this proposition will be\dopted by the commit-
tee and the House; and ™arfpe that this will be
done without anything berag said that shall ex-
cite partisan feeling on the subject. We owe it
to the cause of constitutional liberty and to the
preservation of republican government to enact
a law that shall abrogate the system of arbitrary
imprisonments and trials by military commis-
sions which has been inaugurated, and which
shall secure to every citizen the protection guar-
antied by the Constitution against these weapons
of despotism. If, during the excitement of this
civil war, by reason of the real or supposed exi-
gencies of the times, the practice of arbitrary ar-
rests- and trials of civilians by military tribunals
has grown up, it is our right and our duty now,
when it cannot truthfully be claimed that there is
any need of proceedings of the kind, to enact a
law which shall forbid them in the future, and
which shall restore to the jurisdiction of the civil
tribunals those who are now in prison.
I will not, sir, in any spirit that can provoke
the least angry or partisan discussion or dissen-
sion, allude to abuses and outrages which have
grown up and been practiced under this system of
arrests, trials, and incarcerations. I am sure that
during the last and present session every mem-
ber of each party has had brought to his knowl-
edge, by the applications of men in prison, cases
which certainly aroused his indignation, and very
often, when he called the attention of one of the
heads of the Departments to the case, it was as-
certained that no charges existed against the man
who had been in prison for months, and he was
discharged.
Sir, we owe it to the citizen, to the Constitution,
and to ourselves, to abolish and prevent m future
a system which has grown up, and which places
and leaves the citizen in such a position that he
can be held in prison without the right to a speedy
trial by a jury of his country, and must owe his
liberation to solicitation and favor rather than in-
nocence protected by law. Why, sir, in the State
of New York, civilians have been kept in con-
finement for months by the mere order of sub-
officials, without any color of lawful authority.
Under this system citizens of the State of New
York have been arrested in this District, detained
for months in the prison near this Capitol, and
then discharged without trial of any kind. Other
citizens of that State, civilia'ns, men of unimpeach-
able character, have been thr.ust into the same
prison, detained for months, subjected to trial by
military commissions for alleged violations of the
statutes of New York, and only discharged when
this military tribunal, even, could find nothing
against them.
Sir, it seems strange indeed that such things
could have occurred under a Government deriv-
ing all its powers from the Constitution of the
United States, and the rights of whose citizens
are guarantied by that instrument, and in this
District, where and when all the courts were open
and daily exercising their functions, and where
the highest judicial tribunal of our country was
sitting. If such things are done by executive
powerand not rebuked, what becomes of liberty ?
The practices which the proposed amendment is
intended to rebuke, abolish, and prevent, are de-
structive of all real liberty. They are familiar-
izing the American people with despotism in its
worst form. They are teaching us to rely on in-
fluence and favor for our liberty rather than laws
and constitutions.
1 think there can be no reasonable objection to
the proposed law. It is guarded in its provisions.
It is to operate only in States where the courts
are open, where there is no insurrection. It does
not remove from the operation of military au-
thority spies or any persons in the military or
naval service. It provides for the detention and
trial in the courts of those against whom there is
or shall be any charge of crime. I rejoice in the
belief that we shall now before this Congress ad-
journs, without any partisan or censorious dis-
cussion, enact a law liberating those now improp-
erly imprisoned, forbidding the exercise hereafter
of a power from which so many of our citizens
have suffered, and by which liberty has been out-
raged and our form of Government brought into
disrepute. After voting for it I think each mem-
ber will be satisfied that he has discharged faith-
fully in this respect a duty to the Administration,
to the Constitution, and to the people. I tiust
that the proposition will be adopted by a unan-
imous vote.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I believe that
during the time I have served in Congress I have,
to the extent of my ability, devoted myself to the
effort to ferret out and punish those who have
been engaged in defrauding the Government.
During the last Congress I devoted 1 think some
part of my strength, I know I did a great deal of
my time, to that kind of work, calling down upon
myself the curses of those who had been engaged
as contractors and otherwise in supplying the
Government. In carrying out what. 1 was en-
deavoring to do, I, in cooperation with others,
reported to the House a bill which became a law,
making contractors with the Government, and
those engaged in supplying it, subject to trial by
court-martial. I was aware that it was an extreme
measure; but I felt at that time that it was neces-
sary to check what seemed to be a growing and
an alarmingevil. In putting into the hands of the
officers of the Government this extreme power,
I had confidence that they would exercise it
with moderation and reason. But, Mr. Chair-
man, I am sorry to say that my observation of
the administration of that law, of which I take
to myself some part of the responsibility, haa
been such during the past year or two as to com-
pel me to support this amendment. Sir, we seem
to have lost sight, in the execution of that law,
of the guarantees of the Constitution. Weseem
to forget that civilians charged with offense have
any right to trial by jury, or a knowledge of the
offense for which they are frequently incarcerated
in prison.
Sir, we seem to be taking very little note of the
direction in which we are drifting. Day before
yesterday I voted for a bill, and I will read its
title. It seemed harmlessenough. It is a bill " to
provide for the better organization of the pay de-
partment of the Navy." It became a law so far
as votes in this House were needed for that pur-
pose. There was nothing in its title to attract
attention. But to my astonishment, on turning to
the last section I found a provision which I did
not and could not suspect from anything indicated
by the title, and which is of so extraordinary a
character that I am glad that a motion has been
entered to reconsider the vote by which it passed
this House that I can expose its enormous charac-
ter. I now call the attention of members to this
'section to show how unconcernedly we are drift-
ing along in this current without seeming to ha
aware of it into the strangest state of things that
ever existed under a free Government. In a bill
with the title which I have given it is enacted in the
third and last clause that every one, not only in the
naval service, but every servant of everybody in
the employ of the Navy Department, every little
servant who goes in and out of the doors of the
Navy Department, every driver of a team which
happens to be loaded with supplies for the Navy
Department, every one, and every one's agent or
servant who happens to deal with the Navy De-
partment, shall be subject to trial by court-mnrlial
for any alleged offense in such dealing. Every
man in the em ploy of the Navy Department; every
agent, employe, or servant connected with that
Department, in all its ramifications, issubjcct to be
tried by a court-martial. And the punishment to ba
inflicted by that court-martial, without trial by
jury in the form guarantied by the Constitution,
is to be a fine not exceeding §10,000, and impris-
onment in any penitentiary of the United States
not exceeding ten years. I understand from high
authority in the Navy Department, from which
