558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
people of those States, unawed by the military
power, uninfluenced by any outward force, of
their own good will, in the exercise of their own
volition, had in good faith elected those men in
the way prescribed by their constitution and laws.
I think, whenever they manifest such disposition
to return,a majority of the people will indicate
that it is our duty to allow them to return. We,
of course, and the other House, must be the judges
of that matter to a great extent; we must sit in
judgment upon each case; and we must decide
whetheror not a majority of the people of the
State have ceased their resistance to the authority
of the United States, and whetheror not the par-
ties who present themselves were elected by the
free suffrages of those people, unawed by the
military or any other power.
Mr. COWAN. Allow me to ask the honor-
able Senator what he woulddo if a majority of
the people of a State were to establish a mon-
archy ?
Mr. POWELL. The Constitution guaranties
a republican form of government.
Mr. COWAN. The remedy is to be found in
the Constitution, to make war upon it and over-
turn it. But suppose they persist in it continu-
ously, would the Senator hold them by conquest,
or would he help the minority to preserve a re-
publican form of government and control the mon-
archical majority ?
Mr, POWELL. I think it is the duty of the
United States, under the Constitution, to see that
every State has a republican form of government,
and i would always do my duty as I understood
it. But, sir, the question -which the Senator puts
is not one that has anything to do with the sub-
ject which lam discussing. I am speaking of
facts as they are. 1 say, believing that these States
are States in the Union, that they are not out of
the Union, whenever a majority of the people m
either one of these States shall of their own free
will ccase to resist (he authorities and Govern-
ment of the Untied States, and shall elect of their
own free will Senators and Rcpiesentativcs to
Congress, I will only inquire as to the fact whether
they have ceased their resistance and whether a
majority of the people have determined to be
loyal to the Constitution and Government of the
United States; and that fact being established so
as to leave no doubt upon my mind, I would then
be ready to admit their Representatives as our
equals here. That is my notion of the matter,
and 1 believe the proposition presented from the
Judiciary Committee is about the best we can
pass under the circumstances. It docs not pre-
clude us hereafter from deciding upon any or the
questions which have been incidentally alluded
to in debate. I supported the resolution in com-
mittee and I shall vote for it here.
Mr. COWAN. The inquiry which I put to
the Senator from Kentucky I think is one which
reaches to the very marrow of this question. The
people of a State are divided; about half of them
desire to preset ve theirconnection with the Union,
to give it their allcgiance; but the other portion,
say a majority, refuse, and insist upon secession.
We are bound by the Constitution to preserve
the Union and to preserve the rights of the peo-
ple under the Union; not merely the rights of a
majority, but the rights of the people, of all the
people, and of any number of the people however
small. What are we to do? A minority of the
people come forward and say, "If you aid us for
a while we can preserve this State and keep her
in the Union." " But no," according to the doc-
trine advanced here, " there must be a majority of
you before we can recognize you as in the Union."
Suppose they answer you, "The majority, by
persisting in abandoning the Union, can destroy
forever the State and deprive us of our rights
which were guarantied to us as a portion of the
people of the State."
A portion of the people of Louisiana come here
and say, " We are loyal, we owe you allegiance,
we have a State government organized and inop-
eiation, and if you will aid and assist us we will
keep it in organization and operation, and we will
control and dominate after a time the rebels and
secession ists." What is it proposed to answer to
them? " You cannot come back ; there are not
enough of you." That will be very poor encour-
agement for the loyal men of the rebel States to
try and bring back their people to reason, and it
presumes another thing that never was true, that
the people, the masses of a country under circum-
stances like those which surround us, ever were
in rebellion. The masses of the people even in the
southern States never were in rebellion against
the Government of the United States. They never
could have been. The masses never go into re-
bellion unress they have wrongs to redress and
injuries to avenge. That was not the case in this
rebellion. It is a rebellion of leaders, and the
masses are deluded away by falsehoods industri-
ously circulated everywhere, and inflammatory
speeches made. It is impossible for them to get
back unless we create some such scaffolding in
the rebel States as these governments of Arkan-
sas and Louisiana will furnish. We ought to
cultivate them. We ought not, I think, to stop
and inquire whether they constitute a tenth or a
twentieth of the inhabitants; we ought to make
the most of them. They are all we have there;
and if we repulse them and take away their au-
thority, what is left in those States, what have we
there ? Will not those loyal men say, " What is
the bounty to loyalty that you propose ? Why,
that we wait without any State government, that
we submit to this military rule and dictation,
which is so much deprecated, until we can con-
vert more than a majority of the people to estab-
lish a State government."
Mr. President, I have one more word to say,
and I was about to say it when I yielded the floor
to the venerable Senator from Kentucky, [Mr.
Davis.J This question, I take it,is here prema-
turely. It ought not to be here at this present
time. It is not legitimately raised now. It can
only be raised, 1 take it, in the joint convention
which will meet on next Wednesday for the pur-
pose of counting these votes. The Constitution
provides that the Presidentof the Senate shall, in
the presence of the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives, open all the certificates, and the votes
shall then be counted, not by the Vice President,
for that does not follow, but shall be counted by
that body there assembled in joint convention.
Aie we to undertake to decide beforehand what
shall be done, without knowing what votes are
to be presented there? We cannot tell what votes
you have now in your drawer, Mr. President, to
be presented to that convention. We cannot tell
whether the Governors have returned them. We
cannot tell whether you have received them by
mail or received them by the hands of the Gov-
ernors, or whether you have received them from
the district judges, who arc to hold them as a last
resoit,so that you may get them. We cannot tell
anything about that. Then why raise the ques-
tion ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to trespass on
the good nature of my friend from Pennsylvania
to ask him a question. As I saw an experiment
of this kind once tried, I should like to ask him
if this power of ours can only be exerciscd after
we have formed a joint convention, what rules
would regulate the conduct of that joint conven-
tion ? 1 will tell him a little circumstance which
occurred eight years ago, when a somewhat dis-
tinguished individual of his own State was elected
President of the United States. I was then a mem-
berofthe House of Representatives. The Senate
came into the Hall of the House with great form
and ceremony, two and two, Mr. Mason, ofVir-
gmia, the arch-traitor, at their head. He took
his seat as President of the Senate by the side of
Mr. Speaker Banks. A question arose as to the
vote of the State of Wisconsin. On account of a
heavy snow storm, the electors of that State could
not meet on the day fixed by law, and conse-
quently the vote was not cast on the day pre-
scribed by law. When that fact appeared on
reaching the vote of that State, a row, as we called
it in the House, commenced. Mr. Humphrey
Marshall wanted to make a speech and addressed
" Mr. President." Mr. Mason refused to recog-
nize him, but Mr. Banks recognized him; they
were both sitting side by side. Then some Sena-
tors wanted to say something, and in five minutes
we were in such complete confusion that Mr.Ma-
son left his place at the Speaker's desk, went out,
some of the Senators following him and some re-
maining behind amid the general jeers of the whole
convention. That was the condition of affairs
then, and it will be the condition of affairs perhaps
next week if we leave this question open. As I
happened to be present at that scene and yaw it,
I want to guard against its recurrence.
Can the Senator tell mo by what rules the joint
convention is to be governed; how they shall vote,
whether per capita or by States; who shall pre-
side; who shall put questions; whether the rules
of the Senate as to debate shall prevail or the rules
of the House of Representatives; because if the
rules of the Senate prevail in the joint convention,
we never could get through until a second Pres-
ident was elected? Surely that would be so in a
convention of two hundred men, when we find it
very difficult here in a body of forty or fifty to
get to the end-of any controverted matter. The
votes would not be counted that day if the rules
of the Senate prevailed as to debate, and the law
prescribes that they shall be counted on that day.
Who would put an end to the discussion? The
question came up in the instance I put, when Mr.
Humphrey Marshall proposed to speak and the
President of the Senate would not recognize him,
and would notrecognizeaSenator,and theSpeaker
of the House did recognize Mr. Humphrey Mar-
shall; and the consequence was we got into dis-
order and confusion, and the joint convention
broke up. It was one of the mostridiculous spec-
tacles I have ever seen in a legislative body, and
I hope never to see another such.
Mr. COWAN. I am only to take the Consti-
tution as I find it written; and it is no argument
to me that a general law has not been made by
which to regulate the proceedings of this joint
convention, if such a one is necessary. Peihaps
the legislative department in this case has not
deemed it necessary that there should be a gen-
eral law to regulate the action of that convention
when it was in session. Yet they are perfectly
competent to make it. Perhaps they could not
foresee that it would behave in such an extraor-
dinary and ridiculous manner as has just been
represented by the Senator from Ohio. What I
mean to say is, that whether it has any law made
beforehand to govern its action or not, it is un-
questionably clothed with the power of receiving
there and counting the votes.
1 have no objection to the passage of a law by
Congress that the Vice President of the United
States shall preside in that con vention, or that the
Speaker of the House shall preside in it, and that
the rules of the Senate, or the rules of the House
of Representatives shall be adopted for its gov-
ernance. If the disorder spoken of did occur, why
did it occur? It did not occur because it was im-
proper to clothe that body with that power, but
it occurred because it was casus omissus, no pio-
vision had been made for the governance of the
body in joint convention; but that it has the power
and that it is the only tribunal which can count
these votes and can settle the question as to what
votes shall be counted, I take to be indisputable
from this provision of the Constitution. If there
is the mischiefattendant upon it that has just been
described, as 1 have stated befoie that mischief
should be cured by law. It is not to be cured by
our usurping the functions of that convention
while we are separate and distinct bodies. It is
not for us to provide by a law for this particular
case, and to decidc before we go there what votes
shall be counted or shall not be counted, because
if the convention cannotdecide thatquestion what
is it there for?
Some honorable Senators have said that the
members of the two Houses are there present
only as witnesses, idle spectators of a scene in
which they can take no part, and over which
they have no authority. If that be the case,
then there is one instance in this Constitution,
magnificent monument of human wisdom as it is,
which is utter, sheer absurdity. Are the two
Houses there, a<? the jockeys say, merely for the
purpose of" seeing fair,5'or are they there in some
capacity in which they have powerand authority
to determine such questions as may arise while
the counting is going on? I take it they have the
authority, and that if they did not adopt rules for
their governance, if they did not appoint a Presi-
dent, if they only went there loosely as a mob, a
herd of men without organization, they could not
expcct to adjourn in anything less than the row
which resulted upon that occasion.
I have only to repeat that I think this question
is premature, that it is here improperly, and that
nothing but mischief will come of it if we enter-
tain it in this shape; that no matter what we do
with it, it will have no practical bearing upon the
great end for which the whole of this machinery
