1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
559
was created, that is, the election of a President
und a Vice President. That election will not be
influenced a hair's breadth one way or the other
by our determination, no matter what we may do,
and as to the mischief of this thing, the mischief
is just as much on one side as the other. If the
President may fabricate fictitious States in order
to give him votes, so if we have the authority to
declare who shall and who shall not vote, we may
destroy actual and loyal States in order to carry
out our party purposes. I hope neither of these
propositions will pass.
Mr- WADE. Mr. President, about a year ago
Congress, anticipating that such questions as this
might arise, in my judgment very wisely framed
a law and passed it through both branches with
the hope of settling this matter in advance. That
law was made upon great deliberation in both
bodies of Congress; it received a very large vote
in each House. It was very proper in myjudg-
ment that Congress should fix the matter then,
because everybody could anticipate that a ques-
tion of the most serious danger to the Republic
might arise in the then approaching presidential
election which might endanger the stability of our
Union, and which might under certain circum-
stances precipitate these northern States into a
civil war. Apprehending that such a question
might arise, Congress wisely, in my judgment,
provided against it, but the President did not agree
with them, and he vetoed their bill, leaving the
question open with all its dangers, which, thank
God, have not arisen.
What would be our condition now, if in the
presidential election which has just passed the
vote had been so balanced that in order to carry
the election for one or the other of the candidates
it was necessary to resort to some of the States
that are now sought to be recognized as part and
parcel of the present Government? Could we ever
have settled the question? I fear that we could
not, and 1 was the more apprehensive of it be-
cause I was present on the occasion to which my
colleague has alluded. I saw even there, when
we weie in joint convention and theie was an
irregularity as to the vote of a single State, a mere
technicality and nothing more, it created a sensa-
tion in that body which threatened the stability
of the Government. There was not a right-
minded man present there who did not fear that
even then that technicality, which would notafiect
the result whichever way it was decided, might
lead to the setting up of pretensions which were
dangerous to the stability of the Government.
Now, sir, it is tune that we should settle the
question by some legislation that will reach the
whole subject. In my judgment the proposition
of the Senator from Vermont is the wisest, the
most far-reaching, and the best adapted to settle
the controversy for the present occasion and for
all time to come. I do not like to have such ques-
tions unsettled so long. I suppose the bill to
which I have referred was vetoed by the Presi-
dent because 
Mr. JOHNSON, and others. It was not
vetoed.
Mr. WADE. I speak of it as having been
vetoed, because I do not care much about the form
of the thing. Itamounted to a veto. lie put the
bill in his pocket.
Mr. JOHNSON. If he had vetoed it, it might
have been passed over his head.
. Mr. WADE. We might or might not have
passed it over the veto. The President prevented
our making it a law, and he did so constitution-
ally. He did not transcend, in that respect, the
powers winch the Constitution vested in him.
We passed the bill less than ten days before the
session expired, and therefore he had a perfect
right to withhold his assent from if, and give us
no reasons for so doing. He chose to do that, and,
as i suppose, he did it in defense of the proclama-
tion which he had put forth, declaring that when-
ever a tenth part of the people of a State would
come back, he would recognize them as the State
and as part and parcel of this Government—a
proposition which, with all my respect for the
Chief Magistrate, I am bound to say is the most
absurd and impracticable that ever haunted the
imagination of a statesman. A man imbued with
republican principles must know that the founda-
tion of all free government depends upon the elect-
ive franchise. The ingenuity of man has failed
to devise any other way whereby people can gov-
ern themselves except submission for the time
being to the will of the majority constitutionally
and legally expressed. If you cutloosefrom that
principle you have nothing else to regulate your
conduct. So far as human sagacity in the way
of government has yet gone, I say if you cut loose
from thatgreat principle there is nothing left, and
all before you is open sea, all anarchy, till confu-
sion; and I must say of that proclamation of the
President that it was the most contentious, the
most anarchical, the most dangerous proposition
that was ever put forth for the government of a
free people.
W hat, sir, one tenth part of the people of a State
govern the rest? The thing is impossible, im-
practicable; it cannot be done. Take away your
military power from those States, withdraw your
Army,"and leave the one tenth to govern the re-
maining nine tenths in the State, and where would
they be? The result would be to sacrifice every
Union man in the southern States. When the
General Government abandons them, when it
leaves the one tenth in the hands and-underthe
dominion of the nine tenths, what will be their
condition? I had a conversation with the now
Vice President-elect of the United States on that
subject, and with other gentlemen on the Union
side in the southern States, and I do not know of
one of them who was not filled with the deepest
apprehension that if this principle should prevail
they would be annihilated by the nine tenths.
Can any portion of the territory of a State at-
tempt to govern the whole? Suppose you have
got one loyal county in a State, can it control the
destinies of all the rest of that State? If you have
by military authority within the lines of ^four
encampment a great city or a portion of a State
where there is a population, is it very difficult for
the President or for the commanding officers there
to get up all the paraphernalia of a State upon a
ten-acre piece of land? When you have done
that, and under the shadows of your armies at-
tempt to elect all the magistrates and all the offi-
cers necessary to pet feet the machinery of your
government and put it m operation, can you be
so blind as to suppose that when you have by
military power, for it is nothing else, clothed these
men with authority to govern, it is a republican
government? Sir, it is just as much a military
government as it was before you went through
the farce of selecting those officers. There is your
military governor; has he ever been withdrawn
from Louisiana; or if another governor has been
substituted, by whom was he substituted? By
the Commander-in-Chief of all the armies of the
United States. When the mandate went forth
from the President to Mr. Halm, " Re Governor
of that State," he did not consult the Senate, he
did not consult anybody in paiticular; but the
mandate issued from the President of the United
States unaided, unknown, uncounseied by any-
body, "Mr. IXahn, be Governor of that State,
call a convention, declare what your status shall
be in the Republic, elect your Representatives,
organize in form the shadow of a State govern-
ment, and you shall be a State government."
They could make out the semblance, but it lacks
all the reality of a government, because it does not
represent the will of the people, or at least we
have no evidence that it is the will of the people
of the State.
There is no alternative. If you have a rebel-
lious people who are determined that they will
not submit to the laws and authority of the Gen-
eral Government, if a majority of a State are thus
inclined, a free government in that State is im-
possible. You need not talk to me about your
one tenth. The Senator from Pennsylvania
wants to know if it takes a majority to govern
a State. 1 wish he was here, because I want to
put the question to him, how do you understand
it; " how readest thou;" is there any principle of
free government that has decided that anything
less than a majority of the people of a State, or of
the voters of a State, can govern its destinies ? I
mean upon republican democratic principles. I
speak not of the farce of a civil govei nment over-
shadowed by a military governor, a wheel within
a wheel, a military government dominating your
whole political community,and insideof thatand
under it and subordinate to it, a civil government
pretending to be a free government! 1 say it is a
farce; it is unworthy of the American Senate to
give it a moment's consideiation.
Let us look the fact right straight in the face.
You can have no peace, you can have no free
government,you can have nothing but the shadow
and semblance of one, until the majority of the
people of a State are loyal. Why make this false
pretense? It is a government upon false pre-
tenses. Withdraw your Army from Louisiana
to-day, and what would be its condition ? Have
you any evidence as to what that people would
do to-morrow if you withdrew all your military
force from there? Have they voted, have they
given any evidence to show that they are loyal
to the Government of the United States? Not a
lisp of it, nota word of it. More than four fifths
of the territory of that State roow is trampled
down beneath the feet of military power, just
where it ought to be for its rebellion, and you
dare not withdraw your armies from there; and
yet you talk of free republican State government
there ! Sir, you cannot have it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator will allow
me, I should like to ask him a question on that
point. He seems to think the presence of an
army is opposed to all free government. Where
would the Senate and House of Representatives
be if you withdrew the army of the Potomac?
Where would they have been any time these
last three years? Is there no army here?
Mr. WaDE. We have not, thank God,been
captured yet. This capital has not been over-
run yet by the enemy. If it had been, and Mr,
Davis's army were predominating in this capi-
tal, I think our legislation would be a mere sham.
Does the gentleman suppose that our legislation
would be endured, provided the armies of Mr.
Davis predominated in the capital? That would
be like Louisiana now beneath the feet of the
Federal Government. They cannot act fieely.
That is what I contend for. Neither could wo
if we were in like condition, and if we pretended
to be a free people it would be the merest mock-
ery $nd farce. These armies somehow must be
got rid of before legislation can take place. Where
armies are the law is silent.
But I do not wish to argue this question; I
have argued it; the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives haveaigued it, and we have sent forth
our will on this subject. I am astonished to find
now any considerable difference of opinion in a
body that so unanimously passed the bill to which
I have referred, less than a year ago. Has any-
thing occurred since to change our opinions? It
is tiue that there has been an effort in Louis-
iana to get up a delegation, and they have come
here. How much of the State do they claim to
represent? How much of it was able to hold a free
election? Can you really claim that that portion
of it was free even where your army was? The
Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Powell] has al-
ready told you that you did not govern according
to the laws of that State; you did not even found
the basis of your government upon the laws of
the State, but your military authorities regulated
the elective franchise there. Is there any free-
dom in that? No, sir.
I make these observations because I am exceed-
ingly jealous of military power, and I never will
consent that a people predominated over by a
hostile military power shall found an American
republican State. They cannot do it. To do it,
they must be fiee as the air, and until they are
in that condition it is impossible to have a free
Government there; and until some evidence shall
be presented to us that such is the condition of a
majority, you may talk about your State govern-
ment until doomsday; but every man imbued
with American principles of democracy knows it
is a falsehood, a mere semblance, and not a fact.
We are asked if the loyal men in a State ought
not to govern it, whatever their numbers may be.
I know it is very unfortunate for a man to locate
himself m a community of law-breakers, whether
they commit one kind of crime or another. If a
great majority ofthem are traitors to the bestGov-
ernment on God's earth it is his misforiunate that
he has fallen into such a den of thieves. States-
men proceeding upon general law and regulating
great communities cannot take into consideration
the fact of the individual hardship of this man
or the other. He is surrounded by a great num-
ber of men who outvote him, who declare that
the Government under which he has lived is all
wrong. They have declared war against the old
Government. He may not concur with them,
