186&
THE qONGRlSSIONAL GLOSK:
this section has come, that courts-martial are not
organized like courts of law", to guard the rights
of the accused and secure justice, but are organ-
ized to convict.
I have in the last fortnight had the painful duty-
devolved upon me to read the proceedings of a
court-martial under the law which I reported to
the House some two years ago. It is one which,.
I yenture to say, has hardly a parallel for the bit-
ter malignity which seems to run through the
whole proceedings, and for wider departure from
old and established rules of law, of which the ac-
cused were the victims, and by which they were
hunted, since the days of Jeffreys. It is thecase
of Smith Brothers, of Boston. If every charge
alleged before the court-martial were taken to be
true, just as alleged, they would only have been
in default, in transactions covering a business of
more than twelve hundred thousand dollars, and
the furnishing of thousands of different articles,
barely twenty-two hundred dollars, and without
anything which deserves the name of evidence
that this paltry default was intentional.
They were arrested by a band of soldiers, with-
out warning; their store was shut up, and they
were taken to Port Warren, not being permitted
to write to their families and inform them where
they had gone. Their dwelling-houses were
searched by a band of soldiers, which was the
first notice to their families of their arrest, and
every private paper, even the private notes be-
tween them and their wives, was taken and car-
ried off, and kept from them until this very day
and hour. They were denied bail at first, and
when it could not longer be withheld, $500,000
bail was demanded, and when the merchants of
Boston testified their confidence in the accused by
furnishing it, $50,000 was accepted. Nothing
but the earnest protest of the entire Massachu-
setts delegation in Congress saved them, through
the President's interference, from being taken for
trial from Boston to Philadelphia, and confined
in a prison ship there when not in court. Their
books and papers and letters were subjected to
examination for long months before charges were
made against them; and when they came, all told,
if true, amounted to only $2,200; and I say, sir,
without fear of contradiction by any fair mind
■who will read the evidence, with nothing deserv-
ing the name of evidence of the slightest intention
to defraud. No sentence of that court-martial
has been publicly announced, but I have reason
to believe it is two years' imprisonment and
$20,000 fine.
I do notdesire to screen any one from his just
deserts who attempts to defraud the Government.
But why a'eourt-martial to try these men, except
that "courts-martial are organized to convict?"
The courts of law were open in Massachusetts,
the judges are spotless, the juries incorruptible.
Righteous judgment could be entered against
them if convicted by their peers, and a just sen-
tence executed upon tliem. There was not the
slightest need, or pretense of need, for a court-
martial. Yet these extraordinary proceedings
were visited upon gentlemen against whom there
never was a breath of reproach uttered in the city
where they live; gentlemen who enjoy the confi-
dence of those among whom they have done
business their lives long, and who to-day, not-
withstanding the infamous farce of this court-
martial, are enjoying unimpaired the confidence
of a business community as sensitive as the apple
of the eye to the slightest lack of integrity. 1 do
not say why this unjustifiable course was pursued
toward these men. I only say that it happened
immediately after they had testified before an in-
vestigating committee of Congress in reference
to certain frauds that had come to their knowl-
edge very near the doors of certain naval officials.
Now, sir, I submit that it is time for us to act.
We are in a condition that we can do so. The sit-
uation of the country is such, the progress of our
arms is such, and the position of things in the
Army and Navy is such, that we can afford, at
least where our own citizen civilians are charged
with crime in States where there is no rebellion,
■where the courts of law are open, and have been
found hitherto, through the whole existence of the
Republic, sufficient to mete out justice to the guilty
and protect the innocent—I say, under such cir-
cumstances, we are in such a condition that we
can afford to observe at least the forms of law in
the trial of our own citizens. Let me ask you
what need there is of subjecting a mere messen-
ger at the door of the Navy Department to trial
by a court-martial for any alleged offense against
what is announced to be a rule there?
I hope, therefore, that no desire to mete out
punishment to any guilty contractor, agent, or
servant—in which desire 1 claim to be not a whit
behind any man in this House—will lead us fur-
ther to-trench upon the rights of citizens. In
those States where peace reigns, where courts of
justice are still open, and their administration has
been such as to commend them to the confidence
of the people, when a man is charged with an
offense let him at least have a trial according to
the provisions of the Constitution; let the offense
be plainly and distinctly set forth in information
or indictment, and be tried by his peers.
It is because I had alittle something to do with
furnishing the Department with this artillery
which they have turned so much upon the people
of the northern States, and have found so fruit-
less after all in checking corruption, cheating, and
plundering upon the part of contractors, and so
administered as to become the potent instrument
for trampling upon the rights of the citizens, that
I have ventured to raise a protest against the very
bill I reported myself, that has been perverted
from the honest use for which it was enacted by
the last Congress of the United States, and to ask
the House to do this much and this little for the
protection of our citizens.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amer.d by strik-
ing out all after the word " spies," as follows:
Ail proceedings heretofore had contrary to this provision
are declared void, and all persons not subject to trial under
this act by court-martial or militaiy commission now held
under sentence therefor, shall be forthwith discharged and
delivered to the civil authorities, to be proceeded against
before tiie courts of the United States according to law;
and all acts inconsistent herewith are hereby repealed.
If we could indulge in it in these last hours
of the session, this subject might be fiuitful of
debate; but as it is, I shall content myself with
saying that if the resolution were confined to its
first clause, were made prospective, so that here-
after trials for proper military' offenses only
should be tried by military courts, I could give
it my most hearty support. But the general jail
delivery—and it would operate as that—orovided
for in the latter part of the provision, 1 cannot
assent to, for the reason that it would involveus
not only in inconsistency but in some degree,
perhaps, in wrong. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] admits that he was the
author of the law passed by the last Congress.
Mr. DAWES. I introduced it; I was not the
author.
Mr. SCHENCK. He introduced the law for
the punishment of contractors and those who in
any way furnished supplies to the Government.
I have that lawhere under myeye. Now, how-
ever improvident it might have been then, how
much more may it be now, when we see our way
clearly out of the difficulties of this rebellion. It
is very certain that arrests have been made, trials
taken place, and convictions had under the opera-
tion of what, at least, was taken for law, and
having the sanction of the Congress of the United
States. Just so, at the last session of the present
Congress, in the bill for reorganizing the quarter-
master's department, it was provided that all per-
sons, whether civil or military, who were in any
way concerned in furnishing supplies to the quar-
termaster's department, or who were engaged in
the inspection of supplies, or who were, accord-
ing to the meaning of the statute, mixed up in
such matters, should be liable to trial by a mili-
tary court. And such trials possibly may have
been had. We again here, the other day, passed
a section in an appropriation bill infringing in the
same way on the right of the citizen to be tried
only by the civil courts,and not by military tri-
bunals. I understand that it was done inadvert-
ently; I was not in the Hall at the time; and I
should cheerfully vote to reconsider in order to
get rid of the section referred to.
Now, this being the history of the matter, it
seems to me that we ought not to go back and
make a general jail delivery, but ought to leave
these men to their constitutional rights in the
courts. But a general jail delivery would let loose
upon the community all the conspirators at Chi-
cago who were actually concerned, if the charges
be true, jn what is equivalent to levying war,, •
who were armed for the purpose of liberating the
rebel prisoners in order that the city of Chicago-"
might be sacked and destroyed; and so in several
other cases where such trials have been had. If.-'
the amendment be modified, so .that the first part
of it shall be omitted, I think it ought to be
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire to ask my col- ,
league a question. 1 listened with attention, to
what he said in relation to the last part of this,
amendment. I desire to ask him now how men
who are confined under sentence of military com-
missions or courts-martial are to obtain their
constitutional rights when the habeas corpus is
suspended as it now is.
Mr. SCHENCK. By application to the courts.
Mr, PENDLETON. But the courts have only
an opportunity of exercising their jurisdiction in
case you bring the prisoner before them, and
when the habeas corpus is suspended he cannot be
brought there.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the habeas corpus is sus-
pended, as a matter of course he could'not.
Mr. PENDLETON. Is it not suspended in
all these cases by proclamation of the President?
Mr. SCHENCK. No, I think not.
Mr. PENDLETON. That has been my un-
derstanding.
Mr. SCHENCK. In a particular case when
the matter came before a court in this city a short
time since, the President indorsed a suspension
in that particular case on the papers.
I was about to remark, in confirmation of the
view which 1 take of this matter, that some rem-
edy should be applied, that I have been engaged
in an investigation in reference to the Old Capitol
prison, and although we found a large number of
persons confined there, most, if not all of whom
are perhaps properly confined there, so far as the
question of their guilt for fraud and rascality is
concerned, yet there are some men confined there
under military authority for offenses that are tri-
able by the courts of the country, and if the first
part of this amendment shall be adopted, they
will be admitted at once to that sort of trial.
Mr. GANSON. I would suggest to the gentle- ,
man that this amendment provides that these per-
sons shall be turned over to the civil tribunals so
that they may be tried. It does not turn these
men loose upon the community, as the gentleman
suggested.
Mr. SCHENCK, I apprehend the result
would be this: when a man is tried before a mili-
tary court, he objects to the jurisdiction of the
court as being a military court, before which he
is not triable. If tried hereafter before a civil
court you would find him shifting his ground and
pleading a former conviction.
Mr. GANSON. Does the gentleman think
that any decent tribunal would hold that a good
plea? No respectable judicial tribunal in the
country would hold such a plea good.
Mr. SCHENCK. I suppose that in reference
to these contractors, sutlers, and other persons
who are quasi civilians, who are now by law tri-
able by military courts, that law- would be sus*
tained. A large number of those persons have
been tried under laws which, whether rightfully
or improvidently, have been passed. Yet all of
these persons are to be turned loose, or turned
over to the civil courts, freed from the punish-
ment awarded them under trial by court-mar-
tial; and they would plead that they had been
already tried under laws regularly passed. That
is the difficulty which I apprehend; the sweeping
effect of the last part of the amendment of the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. Davis.] The
conviction is forced upon my mind more and
more strongly every day that a remedy is neces-
sary in order to have some protection against the
extreme measures taken in these trials. The
former portion of the proposed amendment I
think is a proper provision, and therefore I have
made the motion to strike out all but that part.
Mr. YEAMAN. I ask my friend from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] to accept the following as an ad-
dition to his amendment, to be inserted in lieu of
what he proposes to strike out:
Or enemies charged with a violation of the laws of war.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is for guerrillas?
Mr. YEAMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will modify my amend-
