560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2.
but if they outvote him and outfight him, and
establish another Government, whatremedy have
you but that of force? You cannot select him
out and protect him. If he cannot live there, he
must make his way as best he can out of the com-
munity, and you cannot make laws to reach his
individaul case when there is a majority of his
neighbors against him. How can you prosecute
a man for treason there?
How can a man who is injured in that State
because he is a loyal man, a man who is tres-
passed upon, whose person is violated by those
who are in flagrant war with the United States,
obtain redress ? Are their courts open to him for
the redress of his wrongs ? Can he have redress?
You know he cannot. What a farce, then, to
contend that because there are a few Union men
scattered through these communities a statesman
can undertake to protect each one in his individual
rights! The thing is impossible; the statesman
that conceives it is blind.
If a majority of the people where 1 live and from
which I come—provided the supposition can be
entertained for a moment—or a controlling num-
ber of them, should turn violent traitors to the
Government under which we live, what rights
should I have, claiming to be a Union man? I
might endeavor to maintain the laws of my coun-
try; but in that case they would have declared
that to be a crime punishable by imprisonment
or death, and I, standing by the old Constitution,
should be amenable to this vile law of theirs.
Could you rescue me? Could you say that there
was a good Government there? Could I appeal
to the courts administered by traitors and get my
rights there as a Union man? The thing is im-
possible. "Why do you struggle to maintain im-
possibilities?
Sir, these States must remain under military
dominion, but I hope with all the equities that
can be extended to a people thus unfortunate, un-
til such time as they manifest to the people of the
United States that they are able to govern them-
selves properly and subject to the laws of the
General Government. There is no middle course.
The bill which we passed last year provided for
that. We knew that nothing less than a major-
ity at least of the loyal men could maintain a loyal
State government, because we knew of no rule ex-
cept thatof proceeding by majorities, and there
fore wc provided in the bill that whenever the pro
visional governor believed there was such a ma'
jority, it should be his duty to appoint commis-
sioners to take acensus of the State and ascertain
the number of the people; and if there was a ma
jority who were willing and anxious to submit to
the General Government, a convention should be
called and should be invested with immediate
power to frame a government upon democratic
principles, in their own way. That is the just
and equitable bill which the President vetoed in
order to vindicate his anarchical principle of ten
per cent, of loyalty.
This resolution, if amended as proposed by the
Senator from Vermont, meets my approbation
more fully than any proposition which has been
offered, and therefor 1 shall vote for it. Gentle-
men have spoken of South Carolina, and said
they cannot recognize her now, and they would
not count her voies. I think the Senator from
Pennsylvania said he would not count the voles
of South Carolina if she sent them here. Why
not? What is the difference between this case
and that of South Carolina? Can anybody tell
me? There is territory enough under the flng of
the United States 111 South Carolina to get up a
Slate Legislature just as good as that of Louisiana.
We have nearly as much of South Carolina un-
der the dominion of our flag as there is of Louis-
iana. Why then reject the one and admit the
other? They both stand upon like principles. If
you only measure by acres what dominion we
have, what diffetence is there?
In my judgment, the only sensible plan is to
leave these communities until in some way we
can have at least reasonable evidence to show 1 hat
a majority of them are loyal, and m a condition
to maintain a free republican government of their
own. Then I shall be the first man to reinvest
them with the power. Let them have it so. No-
body regrets mote tlian I do that any State of
this Union has placed herselfinacondition where
we cannot trust her with the power to govern
herself. I wish to God we could. Whenever
it can be done I shall be the very first man to
claim, as I have always claimed, that the people
shall govern themselves wherever they can do it;
nor will I yield to military despotism or to out-
side domination and pressure, getting up the sem-
blance of a Legislature and calling it a fact. It
is not a fact, and your legislative action cannot
make it so. I thank God that in the last presi-
dential election we were strong enough to carry
our principles through, so as not to involve us
in this question which might have launched us in
civil war at the North. Let us keep clear of all
such questions. Let us settle now and forever
the principle that the President of the United
States cannot in times of civil war, wherever he
happens to have an army in a State, improvise
by military force a Legislature, and call it the
power of a State in such sort as to count that sem-
blance in his favor as a fact. If it were attempted
1 know for one that I would not put up with it.
I ask any Union man on this floor, suppose the
States which now claim to be represented here had
chosen electors in favor of General McClellan,
and given him their votes, and those votes would
have elected him President, would we submit to
it? I do not believe there is a man on this floor
who would. There is not one here who would
not spill the last drop of his blood before yield-
ing to such a thing. We would have said at once,
"These communities were improvised; these
powers were conferred on them by the military
power of the United States; they do not repre-
sent the people, and therefore they shall not be
represented on this floor or in the Electoral Col-
Tvir. JOHNSON. It would be the same thing,
I suppose, if those votes would have elected Mr.
Lincoln. There wtiuld be the same opposition.
Mr. WADE. Just the same; and I intend to
say that although I was strongly against Mr.
McClellan and in favor of Abraham Lincoln, yet
if it had taken these semblances, these counter-
feits, to make out his title to the Presidency, be-
fore God I would not have consented to receive
them. If the man whom I opposed had received
the votes of the nation, lie should have had the
position, and that would be the feeling of every
Senator here I have no doubt. There is not a
man here now who will rise in his place and say
that if these votes could have been so changed as
to ciect our opponent we would have yielded to
such state of things. Would any one have done
it? I want to hear the Senator who will rise and
tell me that he would have permitted these coun-
terfeits, these disloyal States, these States which
have declared war upon theGeneral Government,
to select a President for us. I say they have de-
clared war against the General Government and
they have never revoked that declaration of war,
for I believe there is no one of these States which
has yet revoked its act of secession and decla-
ration of war. It is important to know how that
fact is. Have the people that claim to be repre-
sented in this body as a State^by any vote re-
pealed their act of secession and war? Are gen-
tlemen here contending that men in flagrant war
against the United States shall send a delegation
here to represent them? Is that so' If nobody
can answer my question I will apply to the case
a well-known principle of law. The last we
heard from them was that they had declared
themselves out of the Union, and in flagrant war
with theUnion, and if nobody can show the con-
trary, that stale of things exists to-day, for who-
ever contends that a state of things once proved
to exist has been changed must submit to the
fact that it exists now, unless he produces proof
to the contrary.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state, with the
Senator's leave, that my understanding is that
Louisiana, Arkansas, and Tennessee, all three,
by their conventions, have passed an ordinance
repeating the ordinance of secession. By stating
that fact I am not attempting to confute the argu-
ment of the Senator, but I merely state thefactas
a fact.
My recollection is that all three of them have
done so.
Mr. WADE. I do not know whether it is so or
not, but it is a mere sham if they have done so.
They might as well have done that as any other
part of this business, because all that was done
was done by such voters as your military power
prescribed,and they would have voted precisely
as they were wanted to vote, whether to repeal the
ordinance of secession, or to elect members to
come here and claim seats. It is all of a piece.
The great argument against it all is that these men
do not represent the people of the State. _ The
Senators who claim seats here from Louisiana
cannot assert that they are here by the assent of
a majority of that people fairly expressed. They
represent nothing but the military power of the
United States, and God knows that if I can pre-
vent it they shall not sit here upon equal terms
with me, who claim to be here by the voice of a
majority of the State to which 1 belong. I will
have no such company if I can help it, nor shall
they ever be recognized by me. Sir, this great
question should be settled now and forever before
we meet in joint convention.
Mr. DOOLITTLE and Mr. WRIGHT sought
the floor.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
award the floor to the Senator from New Jersey,
both he and the Senator from Wisconsin rising
at the same time, and the Senator from Wiscon-
sin having already spoken upon the question.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the Senator from
New Jeisey to withdiaw his motion fora moment
to allow me to say one word.
Mr. WRIGHT. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I trust that we shall not
now adjourn. This question ought to be settled.
Let us sit here and dispose of it. If gentlemen
wish to make remarks let us go on until we can
get a vote. I think we had better hold on. I
hope the Senator will not persist in his motion.
Mr. WRIGHT. I renew the motion to ad-
journ.
Mr. TRUMBULL called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 25; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Cliaudler, Dixon, Doolittle,
Grimes, Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Ilendncks, Howard,
Howe, Neunith, I'oineroy, Ramsey, Sumner', and Wngtit
—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalcw, Clark, Collamer, Conness,
Co wan, Davis, Fanvell, Foster, Jolnt-on. Lane of Indiana,
Lane o!' Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Nye, l'owcil, Sliennan,
Sprague, Slewart, Ten Eyek, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Wide, Wilkinson, Willey, and Wil on—S3.
ABSENT—Messrs. Blown, Carlile, Foot, Hale, Hard-
ing. Hicks, McDougail, Riehaidson, Riddle, and Sauls-
bury—10.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
Mr. COWAN. The honorable Senator from
Ohio is mistaken when he supposes that I said I
would not count the vote of South Carolina in the
coming convention.
Mr. WADE. Some gentlemen on that side of
the question said so; I thought it was the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania.
Mr. COWAN. It is not very material; I merely
wished the correction to be made. I have only to
say that if South Carolina was in the condition of
Louisiana and Arkansas, if her capital, as 1 hope
it will be shortly, was in the possession of our
armies, if there was no rebel government within
her borders, if there was one tenth of her people
willing, anxious, to establish, organize, get up,
apd sustain a State government, I would receive
her vote; I would acquiesce under the proclama-
tion of the President, although perhaps if I had
been making that proclamation in the fiist place
I would not have couched it in his phrase, I
would not have subjected it to his terms; but ag
he has done it, as he has invited these people to
enter upon the woik on that basis, I am willing
in good faith to carry out the stipulations that he
has made with them. I would recognize them,
and I would do as I believe he would do if he were
a member of this body—he would submit to that
vote. I do not see why he should not do so, and
I have no doubt he would.
That is all that I desire to say except this: that
these governments having been formed, a nu-
cleus around which the loyal men are to gather,
and clothed with the authority which is so potent
among men, and which is so well calculated to
bring them to any cooperation, I think they ought
to be encouraged, and encouragcd by all means.
Mr. WADE. Will the Senator permit me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. WADE. The Senator says he would per-
mit one tenth of the people to govern the State.
Now I want to know of the Senator what pro-
