1S26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
V
ment so as to make it to strike out all of the
amendmentofthe gentleman from Maryland [Mr.
Davis] after the word " spies," and insert what
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Yeaman] has
proposed.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise notfor the purpose of
making a speech, but to express my regret that
thegentieman from Maryland [Mr. Davis] should
have thought it his duty, at this stage of the ses-
sion, when so much business is pressing upon
/us, when it is so necessary to close action upon
' this bill in order that we may bring in some of
the most important measures which have been
before us for some time. Now he ought to know
that all these arrests and trials have been had by
virtue of laws passed by Congress. If the De-
partment ordering these tribunals has proceeded
according to the laws which we ourselves have
passed, and those tribunals have erred, it is the
fault of the tribunals, not of the Department. In all
those cases there is more than one side of the story.
And that being so, 1 do think that the attempt to
correct all these judicial proceedings in the last
moment^ of Congress is one of the most danger-
ous things which was ever attempted, and if suc-
cessful it will set loose a class of people who are
likely to destroy us. I know that my friend from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] when he proposed
the law to which he has referred, did it when he
perhaps thought it was in s.ifer hands, my friend
from Pennsylvania, Mr. Cameron, being then
Secretary of War. That may be some excuse for
his having introduced it in that way.
But 1 wilf say that I have seen nothing in the
conduct of the present Secretary of War which
lias induced me to doubt his integrity. He is
an earnest man. Sometimes mistakes have been
committed; but if there be any man in this Ad-
ministration, any man in this Government, who
has sought faithfully to execute the law, who has
been above corruption, itis the present Secretary
of War, according to my judgment-, and if those
laws which we have passed have been too broad
why not take the matter in hand a week ago
and modify them? We have placed within the
jurisdiction of courts-martial men who are in civil
life, and who in some way interrupt the military
operations of the Government. A man in civil
life who is not charged with any complicity with
interfering with the military operations of the
Government is not subject to the operation of
those laws.
Mr. DAWES. I think it is due to myself, after
the remarks of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] to say that in no remarks which
I have offered to the House did I intend to incul-
pate either the Secretary of War or the Secretary
of the Navy personally in these transactions. For,
with the knowledge 1 have of their true character,
I do not think that personally either of them would
countenance any such thing. But 1 understand
that courts-martial have ruled that men are crim-
inally liable for what their servants do, whether
those who employ them as servants know it or
not. It is only in that regard that they are held
responsible for what their servants do.
Mr. STEVENS. I dtd not understand the
gentleman as easting censure.
Mr. SCHENCK. Thegentieman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] cannot have a higher
opinion of the integrity and earnestness of char-
acter and well-meaning purpose of the Secretary
of WarthanI have. But my argument is directed
to the fact that Congress itself has been improv-
ident in passing laws of this kind, and it is time
to go back from that course.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no doubt, Mr. Chair-
man, that courts-martial, being composed princi-
pally of men ignorant of law, have very often
made mistakes in their rulings and in their decis-
ions on points of law. These things are inevi-
table. In civil life we find, every day, the decis-
ions of the highest judges reversed by an assembled
court. It would be strange if these things did not
exist. But can we safely undertake, in a little
amendment of three lines, at the heels of the ses-
sion, to reverse all these decisions and turn loose
God knows who, and let it extend no one knows
how far ? But I pray gentlemen to reserve this
for.a time when we can consider it deliberately.
Let us go on and finish the business, and then,
in due time, let this matter be brought up.
Mr. KASSON* The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania will perhaps allow me to suggest a substi-
tute which may meet even his approval—a sub-
stitute which the gentleman who offered the last
substitute thinks is more complete than his. It is:
That no person shall hereafter be tried by court-martial
or military commission in any State or Territory where the
courts of the United States :ire open for any charge not
specified as an offense by military or civil jaw, nor' tor
offenses cognizable in said courts and punishable by exist-
ing civil law, except they are persons actually mustered or
commissioned or appointedin the military or naval service
of the United States, or rebel enemies, or spies,or con-
stitutors in aid of the rebellion against the United btates
who are charged with being spies, or with being the vio-
lators of military law.
Mr. STEVENS. Suppose our own citizens
act as spies; may they not be tried by a military
commission?
Mr. GARFIELD. The moment they turn
spies against the Government they become rebel
enemies, . .
Mr. STEVENS. That is not a fair definition
of it.
Mr. GARFIELD. They certainly turn con-
spirators.
Mr. STEVENS. It seems to me, Mr. Chair-
man, that we are throwing open the door for the
operations of our open and secret enemies. Its
etfect may reach much further than is intended.
It is no time to consider great questions of this
kind. I pray that we may be allowed to proceed
and finish the ordinary business which must be
finished, and not further interrupt it by the inter-
jection of matters that are certainly not in order.
I move that the committee do now rise for the
purpose of closing debate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I trust the gentle-
man will not insist on that motion till I am heard.
Mr. STEVENS. If the House wish to have
no business done, it is for the House itself to de-
cide.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I think this is the
first and highest business of Congress.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Chairman, I
appreciate the weight of the criticism of the dis-
tinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] and i am sure that nobody will say
that 1 have ever embarrassed the proceedings of
this House by any pertinacious adherence to
schemes of my own. I have never embarrassed
the House week after week by motions to tax or
exempt whisky on hand. That would have been
a more appropriate subject of criticism than such
an amendment as this, which is never too eai iy,
and can never be too late until the voice of liberty
shall cease to be heard in the United States. Then
it will be impertinent to arrest the progress of
supplies for the Government by calling the atten-
tion of the Representatives of the people to the
fieedom of their constituents. Let this bill perish
a thousand times rafherthan thatany vote should
go on the records of this House declaring that the
protection of the liberties of the citizens of Mas-
sachusetts and the citizens ofMaryland are not of
paramount importance to a vote of money for the
violators of their rights. There has been no other
period, sir, at which 1 could obtain the ear of the
House on such an amendment. I have had my
eye on the gradual intrusion of the military au-
thority on the rights of the citizen from the out-
break of the rebellion. It was first instigated by
the people; and the most eminent jurists of the
land converted their clamor into the semblance of
the voice of the law by maintaining the right of
the President to suspend the habeas corpus with-
out the authority of Congress—in the face of John
Marshall's judgment. Gentlemen of the Oppo-
sition, on this topic, have no right here to cast
imputations on the Administration. George B.
McClellan first set the bad example in an order
illegally suspending the right of habeas corpus m
Maryland. 1 refer to that not as an imputation on
them, but because it shows that it is no party ques-
tion with which we are dealing to-day, but an
American question, a question of republican lib-
erty endangered by thecommon madness of Gov-
ernment and people. The evil has gone so far
that to-day every man feels, without the necessity
of an argument, that there must be a stop put to
military trials of citizens in the States here repre-
sented or there is no law or liberty in the lana.
The honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
has said that convictions have taken place under
laws passed by Congress. I admit n; but that
proves only that Congress is also guilty of the
usurpation. And the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has told us that the
law which he introduced has failed to serve ihe
purpose contemplated, while it has developed
consequences of which he did not dream. Ihe
honorable gentleman says that it ought to be re-
pealed; and if it ought to be repealed, then carry
the remedy to the root of the grievance and dis-
charge the men who were convicted under what
was in form a law, but in fact a usurpation which
had not the authority of the Constitution.
But, sir, have prosecutions stopped within the
limits of the acts of Congress? If they had, I
could have heard with more patience the appeal
of my honorable friend from Pennsylvania. But
every one knows that they have not. We in Ma-
ryland have known it by sharp castigation now
for three years. It is now being known in New
York. And in Boston men have turned gray un-
der persecutions not according to those laws.
But, sir, what do you say with reference to
trials for things that are not crimes under any
law, for things that are not defined to be crimes,
civil or military-'' What do you say to the trial
of a loyal citizen in the city of Baltimore upon
the charges and specifications which I hold in
my hands, for forging Jefferson Davis's currency ?
One of my constituents is now in jail under those
specifications, having been Hied and comiemtied-
by a military tribunal for attempting to break
down the rebel curiencyt lean state no other
fact that will better illustrate the insolence of irre-
sponsible military tribunals, known to no law,
appointed under no law, restrained by no law,
authorized by nobody, bound by 110 law but the
will of the men who sit in their uniforms to try
the rights of American citizens according to the
law of the sword.
Mr. STEVENS. Do I understand the gen-
tleman to say that this mail was convicted on th«
ground of having counterfeited the rebel currency'
Mr. DAVIS, ofMaryland. He was condemned
for that, and is now in jail.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, I think that a man
who was fool enough to spend his time in such
work ought to suffer some severe punishment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. If all fools are at
the mercy of the military courts and they are to
judge of it, they have a wide jurisdiction. [Laugh-
ter.]
Then there is the case of Weisenfield. This
man was notcharged with defrauding the Govern-
ment, under the act of Congress; he never placed
himself within the reach of the law to which the
gentleman from Massachusetts has referred. He
was charged, and in myjudgment charged falsely,
and convicted on testimony which no jury in the
world of any political complexion would weigh
an instant, of having sold a few hundred dollars'
worth of goods to a Government spy to be sent
across the lines to the southern confederacy. Tiiat
trial by military commission was authorized by
no law known to any statute-book in the United
States. The crime of trading with the rebel States
is expressly directed to be tried and punished by
indictment before the United States courts for a
misdemeanor merely; but he now lies in a New
York penitentiary, herding with felons, muider-
ers, and thieves, though if legally convicted be-
fore Chiefjustiee Chase hecould by law have been
sentenced only to fine and imprisonment in jail!
I am daily beset by letters and solicitations of
loyal gentlemen, my firmest and best personal
friends in the world, to go to the President and
beg as a boon that this man be pardoned! I
have had no stronger pressure brought upon me
since I have been in public life. My reply is:
if a petition is gotten up for Mr. Weisenfield to
pardon the President for his illegal oppression, I
will sign it; but 1 will not degrade the name of an
American citizen by signing a petition to beg as
a favor the personal liberty of an American citi-
zen illegally and oppressively condemned by a
military commission, and that at the hands of the
President who twice refused to refer his case to
the couris of the United States wide open for his
protection, and in the face of the laws and Consti-
tution of the United States subjected him to this
illegal persecution.
Sir, lethim stay where heistill the voice of pub-
lic indignation or the whispers of conscience com-
pel his honorable discharge—not his pardon! Till
