THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS. PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
tection that one tenth will have whrn you with-
draw all external power from them, and leave
them to themselves? What chance will they
have with J he nine tenths opposed to them ?
Mr. COWAN. That is the very question that
we must now meet. It is th'e question now
whether we will maintain State governments there
in connection with the Union or whether we will
treat these people as a conquered people, as con-
quered provinces; whether we will assume the
task of governing them entirely or whether we
will do that which the President is endeavoring
to do now. I am very free to say that I am in
favor of his plan; I very much prefer it; and I
have no doubt that the one tenth of the people of
a State organized with the reins of State govern-
ment in their hands, the means of enforcing its
authority, aided by the G-eneial Government, will
finally bring back all these States to obedience,
allegiance. I have no doubt about it. But re-
pulse tins one tenth, repulse the loyal people of
the States who are endeavoring to bring them
back, drive them away into rebellion, what then ?
If you have not the one tenth, you have noth-
ing. If you have not these people who are your
friends in Louisiana and Arkansas and the other
States, whom have you? Are you determined to
drive them all into utter and inextinguishable re-
bellion, or are you willing that the repentant, as
well as those who have always been loyal, shall
come back and endeavor to establish themselves
in such foim that the Union may be restoiedr
To state the question, in my judgment, is to an-
swer it.
It is said that the tenth of the people do not
represent the whole people. They may not rep-
resent the whole people, loyal and disloyal, hut
they represent the loyal people, and it is the
loyal people of these States for whom we have
made this tremendous struggle. Is there a Sen-
ator on this floor who would have embarked on
this war if it were not to rescue the loyal people
of these States from the usurpation which op-
pressed them? Certainly not. What right should
we have had to do so? If the whole of this
people had gone away into secession, what right
should we have had to restrain ami eonti ol them?
We began with the belief that tins was a con-
spiracy on the pai t of a few to lead away the
masses, and that the masses, so far as they had
an opportunity ofexpiessmg their preferences and
giving their opinions by their votes, weie loyal,
and it was a connivance and conspiracy that led
them away into rebellion; and now, when that is
broken up, when they are willing to come back, I
am willing to receive them as they come, and 1
am not disposed to cavil upon the ntnih port of
a hair as to whether they constitute a majority or
not. It is enough for me to know that they are
loyal people, and that they desire the restoration
of the Union; they desire to be reunited to the
great body-politic as members, part and parcel of
it, and if they represent the loyal people, it is
enough.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am afraid we shall not
get through with this matter to-night, and there
are two bills which i am anxious to have taken
up and acted on, and I therefore ask the indul-
gence of the Senate to allow the bill fixing the
duty on printing paper and the legislative, exec-
utive, and judicial apptopriation bill to be now
taken up and made the special order far to-mor-
row at one o'clock.
Mr. WILSON". Lot us vote on this question.
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is that this
is gotng to lead to a general debate, and I do not
think it ought to stand in the way of ordinary
legislative busine.ss. 1 am willing to have it go
over and occupy the morning hour to-morrow,
but I want an arrangement made by which the
bills that I have leferred to may be considered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot consent to the
proposition of the Senator fiom Ohio that this
resolution shall go o\er and occupy the morning
hour to-morrow. Every person who has spoken
on the subject regaids it as necessary that we
should do something to settle this question. I
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 4, 1865.
New Series No. 36.
38
will state to the Senate that a committee has been
appointed to devise the mode of canvassing the
votes for President and Vice President on Wed-
nesday next, the time fixed by law for that can-
vass. That committee cannot act very well while
this propovsition is pending; and if they do act
they wili have to report some way to canvass the
votes, and then this difficulty will be upon us
again. We ought to settle it, and we ought to
settle it now. It is important that we should set-
tle it at once. We have but a few days to make
the necessaiy reports and get them adopted, to
canvass the vote in the usual way; and if wc can-
not sit the lesolution out to-night, which 1 should
prefer, I shall insist, so far as 1 am concerned—of
course the Senate will control it—that we go on
with it to-morrow to the exclusion of all other
business until we dispose of it. I think no other
business should interfere with this question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I certainly have not taken
any time in the discussion of this matter. I had
hoped it might be voted on to-day, but it has oc-
cupied two days, and fiom our recent experience
on a resolution on the passage of which not even
the yeas and nays were called for, but which
was debated here for ten days, my impression is
that this resolution will bo pendirigon next Wed-
nesday, when we are ready to form in procession
to march to the House of Representatives to count
this vote.
Mr. JOHNSON. Hardly.
Mr. SHERMAN. It looks very much like it;
and therefore I think we had better pioceed with
other business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio asks the unanimous consent of the Senate
to proceed to the consideration of the bill named
by him for the purpose of making it a special
order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the bill cannot now be taken up.
Mr. SHERMAN. Can I make a motion at
this time to postpone all other orders for the pur-
pose of proceeding to the consideiation of that bill?
if I can, I make that motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio moves to postpone the fui ther consideration
of the pending bill for the puipose of proceeding
to the consultation of the joint lesoiution relat-
ing to the duly on paper, and that k-, the question
now before the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senate will not
agree to that motion.
Mr. CON NESS. I feel a great interest in the
settlement of the question now proposed to be
called up by the honorable Senator from Ohio,
the eban man of the Committee on Finance, but it
appears to me that his own suggestion in regard
to this measure the greatest reason why we
should continue and resolve to come to a vote
upon it. It is cetfainly a question of no second-
ary importance, but on the contrary a question
of the first consequence, arid I cannot vote as I
usually do with the honorable Senator to take up
measuics from the Committee on Finance.
I desne, with the leave of the Senate, for a reason
that will be apparent, to ask leave to be excused
before I take my seat from serving further upon
the select committee on slavery and freedmen.
There are other Senators that have airivrd beie
who have not a [dace on committees, and I do it
with that view. I hope the place will be filled by
motion from some Senators. 1 ask to be excused
from seivm^ on thai committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. there any ob-
jection to receiving that motion ? The Chair hears
none.
The motion to excuse the Senator from-Cali-
fornia w<is airr^ed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Chair be au-
thouzed to fill the vacancy.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous con-
sent, and the Vice President appointed Mr. Nye to
fill the vacancy on the committee on slavery and
fieedmen; he also appointed Mr. Stewart to fill
the vacancy on the Committee on Public Lands
occasioned by the absence of Mr. Harding, who
in consequence of the state of his health has re-
ceived leave of absence for the residue of the ses-
sion .
Mr. PARWELL. I suggest to the Senate that
a recess for one hour be taken. [" Oh, no !"1
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question be-
fore the Senate is on postponing the pending joint
resolution for the purpose of proceeding to the
consideration of the bill relative to the duty on
paper.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply wantto promote
the business of the Senate; and as I see some of
the members of the Committee on Finance will
not vote to take up the bill I referred to., I with-
draw the motion in the hope that by to-morrow
at one o'clock we may get a vote on this ques-
tion.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I desire to make a
motion, and preliminary to that to state in a very
few words my position. I am opposed to any
legislation whatever upon this subjectat this time.
The right of the people of a State to vote for Pres-
ident is a constitutional right, and cannot be re-
stricted or modified by any joint resolution of
Congress. The right to count the vote in joint
convention is devolved on that joint convention,
and not upon this Congress. I do not believe that
Congress has the constitutional power to say in
advance what States shall be counted and what
not. 1 will trust the convention when the certifi-
cates arc piesented of the votes from the several
States. 1 do not believe we have the power here
as an act of legislation to control the counting of
the votes in joint convention. I therefore move
the indefinite postponement of the resolution and
pending amendments.
Mr. HENDERSON". I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will with-
draw his motion and hit us take a vote on the in-
ch finite postponement of the question we may
settle it.
Mr. HENDERSON. lam perfectly well sat-
isfied we cannot get through with this question
to-night. There aie several Senators who desire
to speak.
Mi. CONNESS. Let us try.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the adjournment, anM it, is not a matter of debate.
Mi. HENDERSON. I insist on my motion
to adjourn.
Mi. TRCJMBULL called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, resulted-—
yeas 15, nays 21; as follows:
YI'JAS—Messrs, Anthony. Collamer, Cowan, Diton,
Dooliiile, l<'ai well, Ihulan, IJani*, Henderson, Howard,
Howe, Powell, SjnaL'tie, Sumner, and Wiihiti-on—lo.
NAVrt—j\l<"wn. Jiisf kale w, <Jlai k, <Jom o-s, J),ivis, Fos-
tei, 1 Jale, Johnson. Lane at Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Mor-
gan, Moi nil, \eMiuih, N> <*, Shei man, .Stewtut. Ten Eyek,
Tiiniibtill. Van Winkle, Wade, Wille\, and YViibon—21.
AHSliNT—\I<Nnh Hi own. Cat hie. Chandler, Foot,
Gtnno, ilatding, Ilendiieks, liiek-, MeDoiigdll, Pomcroy,
K,ui]f>ey> RiClMid.-son, Riddle, Sanl?ltuiy,and Wright—15.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question now
is on the motion of the Senator from Indiana to
postpone the joint resolution indefinitely.
Mr. LANE,of Indiana, called for the yeas and
nays, and they were oidered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. HARLAN (when Mr. Grimes's name was
called) said: As this is in the nature of a test
vote, 1 am authorized to state that my colleague
is paired with the Senator fiom Kansas, Mr.
Pomeroy, and that if my colleague were here he
would vote for a icsolution similar to the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Vermont.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, (when Mr. Pome-
roy's name was called,) said: My colleague is
absent, having been paired off with Mr. Grimes.
The result was announced—yeas II, nays 26;
as follows:
YEAS—Me >,rs. Cowan, Doohttlc, Farwell, Harlan, Har-
ris. Howe, Lane of Indiana, Nesmith, Ten Eyck, Van
Winkle, and Willey—11.
NAYN—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Clark, Collamer,
Conncss, Davis, Dixon, Foster, Hale, Henderson, Howard,
