m
THE COjSTGrRESSIOlSrAL GLOBE.
February 2,
President than a bureau connected with either
executive Department.
i may also say that those members of our con-
ference committee who could not so fully agree
to the provisions of the bill as to sign ihe report
of the committee were of the belief that any
bill would be more probably effective and useful
if disconnected from the Treasury or the War
Department.
The bill, as it is reported,received very critical
and careful examination. Every section and
every provision was discussed, i believe that it
is carefully guarded, and calculated to effect the
wishes of those who desired action and who be-
lieve that we are called upon to legislate in behalf
of those whose recently bestowed freedom finds
them unused to self-reliance and dependent for a
season somewhat upon our sympathy and aid.
. Now, sir, this bill presents to the House no
new proposition. Substantially, every provision
contained there will be found, I believe, either in
the provisions of the House bill or in the pro-
visions of the Senate bill. Many of them are
combinations of features of both bills; arid if gen-
tlemen will give me their attention, I will explain
what are the differences.
The first section of the bill creates a department
of freedrnen mid abandoned lands, and the formal
part of this bill and of the other sections of the bill
are similar to those contained in the law creating
the Depaitment of Agriculture. That act was
drawn with a : real deal of care, and upon an ex-
amination of it it was found that, so far as its
provisions could be made applicable here, it was
desirable to adopt them. The precedent seemed to
be a good one, and the language of the act com-
mended itself to the committee.
The department is established at the seat of
Government; and the first section of the biii puts
under the care of the depaitment the lands and
other property failing to the national Government
in the rebel States, and not heretofore appropii-
fited toother uses. The Commissioner is to be
Appointed by the President. The salary is to be
|4 ,000, the same as was assigned to that office be-
fore; and i will say here that under this bill no
greater expense is to be incurred than was contem-
plated in the bill which the House passed at the
last session.
The Commissioner, in the second section of
the bill, is authorized to appoint his ?<uboidinate
officers. The first of these is the chief clerk, with
& salary of $2,000, who shall be a disbursing of-
ficer,as was piovided in the bill which was passed
by the House. In the absence of the Commis-
sioner, he is called up to dischaige the duties
of the. Commissioner, as is piovided iri the act
establishing the Department of Agriculture. The
elerks to be appointed are of the same class and
the same number as were provided by the bill
passed by th« House. The Commissioner and
the other officers are required to take the out!) ol
allegiance prescribed by the actof Confess. The
Commissioner is to give bond in the sum of
§100,000; and the clnef clerk and the assistant
commissioners afteiwuvd provided for are re-
quired to give bond in the sum of <£10,000.
think it will be seen that this is an improvement
upon either of the bills befoie presenu d, securing
ix high order of ability and excluding applications
for these higher offices by some who might think
themselves qualified to discharge the duties.
The third section of the bill is a modification of
the fourth section of the hill which was passed by
the House, and is substantially the second section
of the bill as it pass* d the Senate, h piovides that
the Commissioner, under the care of the President,
shall create districts of freedrnen, not exceeding
two m each State so far as they may be brought
under the military power of the United States.
That each district shall be under the supervision
of an assistant commissioner, his salary being
fixed at the same amount as in the bill passed by
the House last year. These assistant commis-
sioners are required to give bonds. They have
power to appoint looal superintendents as may be
needed, not however exceeding four in each dis-
trict, which is th" li.miuuion on the number as
contained in the bill passed by the Senate, at a
compensation not exceeding $1,509 each.
The fourth section of the bill will be found in
the third section of the House bill and the fourth
section of the Seriate bill. It is a combination of
.thtmi bpfch* Gentlemen have had them on their
tables in print for months. It provides that the
Commissioner shall have geneial supervision of
the freedrnen throughout the several districts,
watching over the execution of the laws, proc-
lamations, and military orders concerning them,
making regulations fiom time to time, and caus-
ing them to be enforced for their needful and
judicious treatment, and protecting them in the
enjoyment of their rights.
The fifth section is a material modification of
the fifth section of the Seriate bill, and contains
some of the provisions of the fourth section of
the House bill. It provides that the assistant
commissioners shall, wiihm their departments
or districts, take possession of abandoned real
estate belonging to disloyal persons, and ail real
estate to which the United States have title, or of
which they have possession, and which have not
been heretofore nppropt lated to Government uses.
Mr. GANSON. 1 ask the gentleman fiom
Massachusetts whether, under that clause of his
bill, this bureau would not have authotity to take
pos:-ession and lease all the mineral lands of the
Government? I would like to have that clause
of the bill read.
Mr. ELIOT. The gpnlleman will find it in
print. 1 will read it from the substitute:
That the as«i<tant commi-stoneis, under the direction
of the Commissioner, and within their re.-peetive district**,
shall take po-s.es.-ion ot all abandoned real estate belonging
to all di>lo><'d peisnnt*, and all real estate to wbteh the
United States have title, or of which the United States
have po-session, and not alteady appiopriafed to Govern-
ment uses,and all propeity luund on and belonging to such
e&tau1; and.'-hall u*m or lease Mich teal estate or any por-
tions theicoi'to h eedinen, or permit the same to be culti-
vated, used, oi occupied by theui on such term- ond under
such regulations a& the assistant commissioner and such
fteedinuii may a^ree.
Mr. GANSON. I do not find in that clause
anything restricting the jurisdiction of this de-
portment.
Mr. ELIOT. It is confined to lands in the
rebel Slates.
Mr. GANSON. That clause seems to draw a
distinction between lands properly belonging to
disloyal people and lands the title to which are
invested in the United States. Itseems to include
ail such hinds.
Mr. ELIOT. I think that the gentleman is
mistaken, and will find that his criticism is not
well founded. The property taken possession of
is rented or leased aceoidmg to thu terms of the
bill heretofore passed. The contracts are pro-
vided fur $nd limited to one year. No contract
is to be for more than twelve months. There is
a provision contained in this section which, as I
recollect the history of the case, was introduced
as an amendment by an honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, which will not be objected to by
gentlemen on the other side. It is as follows:
But nothing hei ein contained shall be construed to pre-
vent tise due i'veeunon <il ptoee.-^ ajjain-f rhe km! e-tan* oi
ptopei ly above named ta-ued in due coin-e oi law nom any
coin: or competent jun-dietion, but tile pos.-e-aton ot s-urii
i cal er tate oi piopi'ity bv any purehat-ui thereof at a judicial
*ale shall bo po-iponed until ihe termination or any out-
standing cohtuet duly made and executeu under the pru-
vi-nms oi tins act.
The sixth section of the bill is substantially the
sixth section of the Senate bill as found upon the
flies of the House, it is an enlargement of some
of the pi o visions of the fourth section of the Mouse
bill, it provides that the assistant com nuasionei s
and supetintendents shall act as advisory guaid-
lans to aid the freedrnen m the adjustment of
their wages, to take care that the freedrnen shall
not suffer from ill-treatment or failure to perfoim
contracts, toact as arbitrators,and, so far as prac-
ticable, to reconcile and settle controversies aris-
ing among the freedrnen* or between freedrnen and
otner petsons.
The seventh section is substantially the same
that was introduced in a bill in the House by the
honorable gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Blow.]
It was leferred by him to the committee on the
rebellious States. Whether reported by them or
not i do not remember. It is, however, the same
section winch will be found in the Senate bill as
section seven; and it piovides simply that cer-
tain h-ases which were made under the direction
of the Treasury D -partment, and under amhonly
of Older No. 331 fiom the War Department,
dated October 3, 1863, in accoidance with the
regulation of the Treasury Department, shell have
the same effect as if those leases had been made by
1 the assistant commisfitonyrs under this act. But
it provides that the leases shall not continue be-
yond one year; and it will operate now upon very
lew. it was deemed advisable to repoit this sec-
tion, in the first place, because it was right to do
it. it had been the subject of examination last
winter, and iheie seemed to be no objection to
adopting it fiom the Senate bill, it contains no
other legislation than that, but it requires that
when this department goes into operation all the
agents who have charge of those aftairs in the
Treasury Department shall transfer their papers
and property to this department.
Tim eighth section of the bill provides, as the
fourth section of the House bill and as the eighth
section of the Senate bill do, for the application of
the proceeds. It declares that the Commissioner
shall apply the proceeds accruing under this act
to defraying the expenses of this department,
so tiiat it shall, as soon as possible, be self-sus-
taining; and it provides that any proceeds above
those expenses shall be paid into the Tteasury of
the United States.
The ninth section is one which was originally
offered during the debate upon this bill in the Sen-
ate, and provides simply that whenever the Com-
missioner cannot otherwise employ any of the
freedrnen who may come under his charge, he
shall, so far as he may, make provision for them
with humane and suitable persons at a fair and
reasonable compensation, it was offered origi-
nally, 1 believe, by the honorable Senator from
West Virginia.
The tenth section in its present form is new,
because of the fact that the department is not
connected with the War Department. It pro-
vides that the President of the United States shall
furnish the military and other support needful to
carry this act into effect, and any military officer
may be appointed under the provisions of this
act without increasing his salary. That section
was prepared with care. There are gentlemen
who, i have no doubt, will still think that this
buieau had better be a buieau of the War De-
partment; but it is believed that under the pro-
vision of this section it will be entirely practicable
to make the department effective and operative,
and to provide for it all the needful and military
aid, and to give to it all the support which will
he needed at this time, and which the Govern-
ment can supply.
The eleventh section of the bill is drawn from
the second and fourth sections of the House bill,
and is a combination of the ninth and tenth sec-
tions of the Senate bill—ail the provisions, how-
ever, being found in those two bills, it provides
that the Commissioner, before the commencement
of each session of Congress, shall make a report
of his proceedings, with exhibits showing the
state of his accounts, to the President of the
United Stairs, who will communicate them to
Congress, and that the assistant commissioners
shall make quarterly returns to the Commissioner,
and raoie irequent leports if the Commissioner
shall desire. And it is made the duty of the of-
ficers, military and civil, charged with ihe execu-
tion of any law, or proclamation, or order con-
cerning freedrnen, to make returns to the Commis-
sioner of their doin s. Those provisions have
all been acted upon by the limine heretofore.
The twelfth section of the bill is a section which
was offered in the Senate, and which is intended
to prevent the commission of crime and to provide
for its punishment. It provides that the assistant
commissioners and superintendents and clerks
under this bill shall be deemed to be in the mili-
tary service of the United States, so as to be lia-
ble to tnal by courts-martial to be ordered by the
commanding general of the military department.
The section goes on to provide that lor all of-
fenses amounting to felony, for acts of embezzle-
ment, for the willful misappropriation of property,
either public or private, for willful acts of op-
piession of freedrnen or loyal inhabitants, for the
actof taking or receiving money or things of value,
for acts done or omitted to be done officially, or
being interested in the purchase of coffee, sugar,
or tobacco, or any other article produced upon
the lands within the charge of this department,
or any other willful violation of official duty, there
shall be punishment by imprisonment and by fine.
I will say here that upon careful deliberation our
committee were persuaded that for the protection
of all parties it was desirable to adopt this pro-
viaioa m contained in the Senate bill; ami with
