1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1331
kind, shall be the same in all respects as for soldiers in
similar corps in the regular Army.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I offer the following, to come
in as an additional section:
be it further cnactcd, That the salaries and compen-
sation of the clerks and other emplojcs in the several De-
partments of the United States in the city of Washington,
and in the offices and buieaus thereof, including the De-
partment of Agrteultuie and the two Houses of Congress,
bo, and iheyaie hereby, increased, and fixed at the following
anniui latesoach, namely: cleiks of the fh.stelae,$1,500;
clerks of the secotid cia^s, $1,700 ; clerks of the thiid class,
$1,600; eleiksofthe tourtli class, $1,900; chief clerks re-
ceiving not more than $-2,000 per annum, $2,100 ; female
clerks, §800; and all other civil employes now receiving
less than $1,200 per annum, and including the clerks and
employes in the office of the Coast Survey and Lak« Sui-
vey, twenty-five per cent, on their compensation now al-
lowed by law, and said increase of oompeuMttion shall
commence on the 1st day of January, 1865. and cease on
the 1st day of January, 1867; and that the amount neces-
sary to pay the said increase of salaries be, ami the same
is lieieby, appropriated out of any money in the Treasury
not otlieiwise appropriated.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise the
point of order that this amendment proposes
to change existing laws, and is therefore out of
order.
Mr. STEVENS. It is in order, as relating to
existing Departments of the Government.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, I desire to say 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order. _
By order of the House debate is dosed on the
whole bill.
Mr. KERN AN. Is it in order to move to close
debate upon the bill and pending amendments,
and then bring in a new bill, in the way of amend*
merit, and change the law, without debate?
The CHAIRMAN. The committee is acting
under the orderof the House, winch the Chair is
obliged to administer.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the committee rise, for the purpose of opening
this bill to debate.
The motion that the committee now rise was
agreed to.
So th« committee rose; and the Speaker having
• resumed the chair, Mr. Pike reported that the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of theUnion
had had under consideration the special order,
being the bill (H. R. No. 786) making appropria-
tions forsundry civil expenses of the Government
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1866, and
had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. COX. I now move to reconsider the vote
by which debate was closed in Committee of the
Whole on House bill No. 786, for the purpose of
moving that there be five minutes' debate allowed
for and against each amendment.
Mr. WILSON. 1 move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
Mr. COX called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken;and was decided in the
affirmative—yeas 73, nays 70, not voting 39; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnold, A«lilcy, John D.
Baldwin, Baxter, Deaman, Blow, Houtvvell, Bruudegee,
Bioomall, Ambrose W\ Clask, Fieetnan Ciaike, Henry
Winter Davis, Dawes, Denung, Dixon, Dncgs, Eckley,
Eliot. Farnt-worth. Fiank, Gnoch, GrinnelU Hale, Hooper,
Hotehkiss, A«ahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbaid, Flulburd,
Jngersoll, Jenckes, Ka^on, ICelley, Francis VV. Kellogg,
Orlando Kellogg, Knox, Littlejolm, Longyeai, Marvin,
McUride,Moorhead, Morrill, Dnniel Morris, AmosMjers,
Leouaid Myers, Noiton, Charles O'Neill, Oith, Patteison,
Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, A lexander H. Rice, John II.
Rice, Edwaid H. Rollins,Sehenelc, Shannon,Sloan, Smitil-
ers, Spaldiug, Stevens, Thayer. Tracy, Up&on, Van Val-
kenbuigh, William B. Washburn, Wilder, Wilson, Win-
do rn, VVoodbridge, and VVorihmgtun—73.
NA\ft3—Messrs James C. Allen, Ancona, Bally. Blaine.
Bliss, Boyd, Brooks, James S. Brown. Chanler, Cobb, Cof-
fiotli, Cox, Dawson,'Demson, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridge,
Finck, Giinsort, Garfield, Gudei, Griswold, Hauling, Ben-
jamin G. Harris, Herrick, Ilolman, Ilutchms, Philip John-
son, Kalbfleisch, Kernan, Law, Le Blond, Long, Marcv,
MclCinney, Middletori, Samuel F. Miller, William H.
Miller, James R. Mori is, Morrison, Nelson, Noble, Odell,
John O'Neill, Pendleton, Peny, Piuyn, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, William II. Randall, Rogers, James S. Rollins, Ross,
Scofield, Scort, John B. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart,
Thomas, To\vu«end, Ward, Elihu 1? Wasisburne, Web-
stei, Whaley, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Wiufield, and
Yeaman—70.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, An-
derson, Augustus C. Baldwin, Blair, William G. Blown,
Clay, Cole, Craven*, Cieswell, Thomas T. Davis, Don-
nelly, Dumont, English, Hall, Harrington,ChatlcsM. Har-
ris, Higby, William Johnson, Julian, Kin<r, ICnapp.Lazear,
Loan, Maitory, McAllister, McCiurg, McDowell, Mclu-
doe, Radford, Robinson, Smith, Starr, William G. Steele,
Sweat, Voorhees, Wad worth, Joseph W. White, Wil-
liams, Benjamin Wood, and Fernando Wood—39.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the table.
Mr. STEVENS, I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Wholeon the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules were accordingly suspended, and the
House resolved itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Pike in
the chair,) and resumed the consideration as a
special order of the bill (H. R. No. 786) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending30th June, 1866,
and for other purposes, the question being on
Mr. Stevens's amendment.
Mr. PRICE. I make the point of order that
in the present state of our finances it is out of
order to increase salaries.
The CHAIRMAN. The point is not well
takf n.
Mr. PERHAM. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the words "coast sur-
vey" the words "and the Washington city post
office."
Mr. MORRILL. I make the point of order
that this proposes to change existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The point has been already de-
cided.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. STROUSE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by placing the cleiks and employes of the
Coast Survey on a par with the cleika of the
Treasury Department.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will re-
duce his amendment to writing.
Mr. STROUSE. I will do so.
Mr. NELSON. In the mean time will the gen-
tleman yield to me?
M r.STROUSE. I will give way for the present.
Mr. NELSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding the following:
And the salary and compensation of Senators and Rep-
resentatives in the Thirty-Eighth Coiieret-s is heieby in-
creased twenty-five per cent., such inciease to be paid
ftom the contingent fund of the respective Houses.
Mr. BROOMALL called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered..
The amendment was adopted; there being, on a
division—ayes 61, noes 46.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move toamend the amend-
ment by striking out all after the words " 1st of
January, 1867," and insert in lieu thereof the
words "3lst of December, 1866," and also by
inserting the following:
And hereafter the pay and mileage of members of Con-
gress shall be as follows: lor mileage, ten cents per mile
each way; $300 per month for each month that Congress
shall be in session.
Mr. COX. I make a point of order on that.
It changes existing laws. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. That point of order has
""been already made and overruled.
Mr. NELSON. I make the point of order that
the amendment proposps to strike out what has
just been inserted by the committee.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not only to strike
out what has been inserted, but also a portion of
the context.
Mr. NELSON. Then we might go on offering
amendments ad infinitum.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not the fault of
the Chair, but of the rule. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected,
there being, on a division—"ayes fifteen, noes not
counted.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding as follows:
Provided, That this shall not take effect until the 1st day
of January, 1870, and not then if befoie that time it should
be repealed.
The amendment was rejected, there being, on
a division—ayes thirty-one, noes not counted.
The question recurred on Mr. Stevens's
amendment.
Mr. STROUSE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. NELSOtfand
Ames were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 57, noes 59.
iSo the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move the following amend-
ment as an additional section:
*&nd be it further enacted, That in paying out appropria-
tions for the Army herealter, the following principles shall
be observed : that the true construction of the sixth section
of the act respecting the organization of the Army and for
other purposes, approved August 23, 1842, and of all laws
relating in any way to tiie allowance of double rations to
officers-, authorizes such allowance to the following officers
and to no others whatever: to the General-in-Chief com-
manding the armies of the United Slates, to each general
officer commanding in chief a separate army actually in
the field, to each general officer commanding a geographical
division embraemgone or more military departments, and
to each officer commanding a military geographical depart-
ment; and that any general order or regulation or usage al-
lowing double rations to a chief of staff or any other officer
than those above mentioned, is illegal and void.
Mr. ICASSON. I believe that this amendment
is not in order. It is a proposition to change the
existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. It seems rather to be a
proposition to declare what is the existing law.
Mr. SCHENCK. It changes no law whatever.
It declares the law as it is.
Mr. KASSON. If that is so I have misunder-
stood the proposition, and I withdraw the objec-
tion.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend the
amendment just read by adding thereto the fol-
lowing:
Jind be it further enacted, That hereafter no officer of the
military or naval service of the United States shall be dis-
missed unless upon the finding of a court-martial con-
vened according to law; and section seventeen of an act
entitled " An act to define the pay and emoluments of cer-
tain officers of the Army, and for other purposes," ap-
proved July 17,1862, be, and the tame is hereby, repealed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I make the point of
order on that that it proposes to^lhange existing
law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD. I respectfully appeal from
the decision of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, Shall the
decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of
the committee?
On the question there were, on a division--ayes
62, noes 44.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I move to
amend the amendment by adding the following:
And be it further enactcd, That the pay and allowances
of all commissioned officers below the rank of brigadier
general in the Aimy of the United States shall be Increased
twenty five per ccnt. from and after the let day of January,
1865, till the close of the present war.
Mr. KASSON. 1 make the point of order on
this amendment that it proposes to change the
existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I appeal from the decision
of the Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, Shall the
decision of the Chair stand us the judgment of the
committee ?
The question was taken, and the decision of
the Chair was sustained.
Mr. SPALDING. I move the following as
an amendment to the amendment:
And be it further enacted, That each surviving soldier of
the war of 1812 be entitled to receive the sum of §100 per
annum fur and during the term of his natural life 5 and
that the sum of .$2,000,000 be appropriated for the payment
of said pensioners.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise the
point of order that this is a proposition to change
the existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Schenck, it wus adopted.
Mr. STROUSE. I move to amend by adding
the following:
•rind be it further enacted, That the clerks and employ&t
of the United States Coast Survey be placed on an equal
footing in regard to salaries with the other clerks and em-
ployes in the Treasury Department employed intiieTreas-
uiy building.
Mr. NELSON. I move toamend the amend-
ment by adding thereto the following:
And the salaiy and compensation of Senators and Repre-
sentatives in the Thirty Eighth Congress is hereby increased
twenty-five percent.; such increase to be paid from the
contingent tundol the ie>pective Houses.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise the
question of ouh-r that this amendment propesea
