1382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
to- change existing laws by raising the salaries
of members of Congress, and is therefore out of
order.
The CHAIRMAN. That point has been al-
ready overruled.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. KASSON moved that the committee rise
and report the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair Mr. Pike reported that the
Committee of the Whole on thestateof the Union
had, according to order, had under consideration
House bill No. 786, making appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending the 30th of June, 1866, and for other
purposes, and had directed him to report the
same back to*the House with sundry amend-
ments.
Mr. STEVENS. I move the following as an
additional section, and then demand the previous
question on the bill and amendments:
Sec. —. A,\d he itfurthcr enacted, That the salaries and
compensation of the cleiks and other employes in the sev-
eral Departments of the United States in the city of Wash-
ington, ami in the officer and bureaus thereof, including the
Department of Agriculture, and the two Houses of Con-
gress, be, ami they aro hereby, increased, and fixed at the
Jollowmg annual rates each, namely: clciks ot the first
class, §1,500; clprk«5 of the second class*, .$1,700; clerks of
the third class, $1,800; clerk* of the fourth class, $1,900;
chief cleiks, receiving not more than 8*3.000 per annum,
$2,100; female clcrlw, $800; and all other civil employes now
receiving less than $1,200 per annum, and including the
clerks and employes in the office of the Coast Survey and
Lake Survey, twenty-five per cent, on their compensation
now allowed liy lav^ and said increase of compensation
shall commence oriTne l&t day of January, 1865, and cease
on the 1st day of Januaiy, 1886.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask the gentle-
man to yield to me to move to amend the amend-
ment adopted by the committee on my motion
by stiiking out ail after the word " spies." It is
just the amendment of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Schemck,] which was lost in committee.
Mr. STEVENS. I decline to yield for that
purpose. If the House wants to vote on the
amendment it can vote down the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Twoamend-
raents cannot be pending at the same time.
The SPEAKER. As stated by the gentleman
from Illinois, there cannot be two amendments
pending at the same time. The only way the
gentleman can accomplish his purpose is to vote
down the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 call the previous question
on the hill and all the amendments.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. 1 hope that the
previous question will be voted down.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is it in order to move the
previous question on the bill and amendments,
excepting one?
The SPEAKER. It i3 not. It is in order to
call the pievious question on the amendments
reported from the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union or upon the amendment of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question on the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, demanded
the yeas and nays.
Tiie yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 61, nays 77, not voting 44;as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Baily, Bliss, Blow,
Boyd,Biooks, James S.Brown, Coifroth,Cox, Henry Win-
ter Davis, Dawson, Denison, Driijgs, Edgeiton, Garfield,
Griswokl, Hale, Ilmchins, Philip Johnson, Kalbfteisch,
KeHey, Francis VV. Kellogg, King, Knox, Le Biond, Loan,
Long, Longyear, Maicy, McAllister, McBride, McClurg,
McKmney, William II. Miller, Monrhead, Daniel Morris,
Jame* R. Motrin, Leonard Myors, Odoll, Ohailes O'Neill,
f John O'Neill, Pendleton, Periy, Radford, Samuel J. Ran-
> daii, William II. Randall, Rogers', James S. Rollins, Ross,
Mthenck, Scott, Smithera, William G.Steele, Stevens,
Htrou^e, Stuau. Ward, Chilton A.White, Wilder, Win-
field, ami Yeaman—61.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ancona, Arnold, Ashley,
Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman,
Blame, Boutwii, Brandi-gee, Bioomall, Ambrose VV\
Clark. Cobb, Dawes, Demmg, Eckley, Eliot, Farnsvvorth,
Finek, Fiank. Ganson, Goocit, Gtider, Grhmell, Harding,
Benjamin G. Harris, Iliyby, Hohnan, Hooper, Hotchkisa,
Asahel W.Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Kassou, Orlando Kellofrg, Kernan, Knapp, Little-
tohn, Marvin, Samuel F. Miller, Morrill, Amos Myers Nor-
ton, Orth, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, 1 rnyn,
Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Edward H. Rollins, fcco-
field, Shannon, Sloan, Spalding, John B. Steele, Stiles,
Thayer. Thomas, Townsend, Tracy, Upson, Llihn tf.
Washburne, William B. Washburn, Webster, Wheeler,
Joseph W. White, Wilson, Windom, Woodbricige, and
Worthington—77. . ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs.William J. Allen, Alley, Ander-
son, Blair, William G. Brown, Chanler, Freeman Clarke,
Clay, Cole, Cravens, Crc&weli, Thomas T. Davis, Dixon,
Donnelly, Dumont, Eden, Eldridge, English, Hall, Harring-
ton, Charles M. Harris, Herrick, William Johnson, Julian,
Law, Lazear, Mallory, McDowell, Mclndoe, Middleton,
Morrison, Nelson, Noble. Robinson, Smith, Starr, Sweat,
Van Valkenburgli. Voorhees, Wad«wort!i, Whnley, Wil-
liams, Benjamin Wood, and Fernando Wood—44.
So the amendment was rejected.
During the roll-call,
Mr. MORRIS, of Ohio. Will it be in order,
Mr. Speaker, to ask that all on this side of the
House who voted to increase the pay ol_ Repub-
lican employes have leave to change their votes?
I do not propose to change mine.
The SPEAKER. Only by unanimous consent.
Objection was made.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the amendment was
rejected; and also mc ed that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate,by Mr. Cobb, one
of their clerks, announced to the House that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution and bill of
the House of the following titles, severally with
amendments, in which the concurrence of the
House was requested:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 170) declaring and
defining the meaning of the law in regard to offi-
cers' servants; and
An act (H. R. No. 605) to increase the pay of
midshipmen and others.
The message also announced that the Senate
had passed bills of the House of the following
titles severally without amendment:
An act (H. R. No. 697) further to provide for
the verification of invoices:
An act (H. R. No. 779) to regulate the taking
of depositions in certain cases;
An act (H. R. No. 707) to provide forthe pub-
lication of the Opinions of the Attorneys General
of the United States;
An act (H. R. No. 749) providing for the con-
finement of juvenile offenders against the laws of
the United States in houses of refuge; and
An act (H. R. No. 758) amendatory of the acts
relative to the Attorney General's office, and to
fix the compensation of his assistants and clerks.
The message further anouncedthat the Senate
had agreed to the amendment of the House to the
concurrent resolution of the Senate providing for
a continuance of the joint committee on the con-
duct of the war.
officers' servants.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table the joint reso-
lution of the House (No. 170) just returned from
the Senate with amendments, in order that it may
be referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
It is a joint resolution declaring and defining the
meaning of the law in regard to officers' servants.
1 ask that it may be referred to the committee with
authority to report to-morrow morning,
Mr. FARNSWOR^FH. Cannot we get along
with that more speedily by considering it in the
House now ?
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I object to taking it up.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I move to amend
the amendment adopted on my motion by the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
by striking out all after the word " spies," as fol-
lows:
Or guerrillas; and all proceeding* heretofore had ^con-
trary to this provision are vacated, and all persons not sub-
ject to trial under this act by courts-martial or military
commissions now held under sentence thereof, shall be
forthwith delivered to the civil authorities to be proceeded
against before the cotnts of the United States acoordiug
to law; and all acts inconsistent herewith aro hereby re-
pealed.
So that the clause will read:
Jind be it further enacted, That no per&on shall be tried
by court-martial or military commi.^ion in any Slate or
Territory where the courts of the United States are open,
except persons actually mustered, or commissioned, or
appointed m the military or naval service of the United
States, or rebel emissaries charged with being spies.
I move the previous question upon the bill and
the pending amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the several amendments re-
ported from the Committe of the Whole on the
state of the Union and offered in the House were
agreed to in gross, except the following, upon
which special action was had, as follows:
Twentieth amendment:
Insert the following as a new section :
Jlndbe it further cuadc,!, Timl for colonizing the friendly
Indians of Arizona on a reservation on the Colorado river
! and supplying them with implements of husbandry and
j seeds, to enable them to become sell-sustaining, the sum
I of §150,000 be and the sam« is hereby appropriated, to be
expended under the direction of the Commissioner of In.
dian Affairs.
The amendment was not agreed to.
A separate vote having been called for on the
amendment offered by Mr. Davis, of Maryland,
in the House, to the admendment adopted by the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
as above recorded,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called forthe
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 73, nays 71, not voting38;.
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus O
Baldwin, Beaman, Bh*>s, Boutwcll, Brandegee, Brooks
Broomall, Coffrotli, Cox, Cravens*, llemy Winter Davis,
Dawes, Da\v&on, Demmg, Dixon, Eden, Eldtidge. Eliot,
English, Gansnn, Garfield, Goorh, Grid'-r, Griswold, Half,
Harding, Benjamin G. Harris, Herrick, Ho!man, llotchki^,
Butchms, Kernan, King, Knapp. Law, Lizear, Marcy, Mc-
Kmney, Middleton, James li. Morn-. Morrison, Neteon,
Noble, Odeil, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Perham, Perry,
Price, Radford, Alexander H. Rice, lingers. Ross, Schenck,
Seofield, Scott, Stnithers, John B.Steele, William G. Si -He,
Stronse, Stuart,Townsend, Tiaey, Upson, Ward, William
B. Washburn, Webster,Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph
W. White, and Wmfield—73.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Arnold, Ashley, John D. Bald-
win, Baxter, Blaine, Blow, Boyd, Chanler, Ambrose W.
Clark, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Demson, Driggs, Eck-
ley, Edgerton, Farnsworth, Fmck, Gunnell, Iligby, Hoop-
er, A^ahel W, Hubbard, John II.Hubbard, IJulburd, Inter-
pol!, Jenckes, Philip Johnson, Knlbftei«.ch, Kelley, Francis
W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellojrff, Knox, Littlejohn, Loan,
Long, Longyear, Marvin, JYlcBride, McClurg, Samuel F.
Miller, William II. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Mor-
ris, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill,
Orth, Patterson, Pike, Pomeroy, Prnyn, Samuel J. Randall,
William H. Randall, John If. Itice, Edward II. Rolling,
Shannon, Sloan, Spalding, Stevens,Sules,Thayer,'Thomas,
ElihuB. Wash burne,Wil&on, Windom,Woodbridge, Worth-
ington, and Yeaman—71.
NOT VOTING—Messrs.William J. Allen, Alley, Ame?,
Anderson, Baily, Blair, James S. Brown, William G.
Brown. Clay, Cre^vvell, Thomas T. Davis, Donnelly, Du-
mont, Frank, Hall, Harrington, Charles M. Harris, William
Johnson, Julian, Kas-son, Le Blond, Mallory, McAllister,
McDowell, Mclndoe, Robinson, James S. Rollins, Smith,
Starr, Sweat, Van Valkenburgli, Voorhees, Wadsworth,
Wlialey, Williams, Wilder, Benjamin Wood, and Fernando
Wood—38.
So the amendment to tlie amendment was con-
curred in.
During the roll-call,
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, stated
that Mr. Alley was detained from the House by
sickness.
The result of the vote was announced as above
recorded.
Mr. GANSON. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was adopted, and to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan, demanded the
yeas and nays on the latter motion.
Mr. GANSON. I withdraw the motion.
The question recurred on the amendment re-
ported from the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, as amended.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment to the amendment was
adopted; and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded the yeas and
nays or> the latter motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 60, nays 58, not voting 44;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Aricoua, Augustus C. Baldwin, Beit'
