1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
567
the House shall be brought to a direct vote at as
early a period as pob&ible upon the bill for the
construction of the Illinois and Michigan ehip-
canal. It has been discussed repeatedly in this
House; it has been the subject of various reports
of committees; the bill has been printed and laid
upon members* desks for a long period of time,
and therefore 1 do not propose, on behalf of the
bill, to occupy the time of the House.
Before demanding the previous question I will
yield to the gentleman from Iowa, who desires
to offer an amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend the substi-
tute by adding thereto what I send to the Clerk's
desk.
The amendment was read , as follows:
Sfc. 3. Jlnd he it farther enactcd, That there shall be ap-
pointed by the Pie>identof the United State-*, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, three commission-
ers to improve the Upper rapids and Lower oi l)e  Monies
rapids ot the Mississippi i lvei.
Sec. 4. And he it further enacted, That the said commis-
Bioneis shall ioitliwitli make a careful examination ot said
Upper and Lower rnpnU of s-aul i ivei, and (let ei mine upon
a suitable plan for the improvement atoteiiietitioued, winch
plan shall piovnle for the eon-tinotion of a canal atound
cacti of said rapid-, to a width of not less than one hun-
dred feet, with locks of not le?.s than two hundred and
seventy-live leet in length, and not les« than seventy feet
in width. Winch impiovenieiits shall be made so as to
insure a safe and unnitemipted water navigation, at all
times during the season of navigation, ot steamboats and
other vessels drawing four feet of water. Which plan
shall be submitted to the I'lesident o! the United States
for approval.
Sec. 5. Jlnd he it further enacted, That upon the ap-
proval by the President of the United States ot the plan
of .said improvement afoiesaid, the said commissioner.-, are
jheiebyautboiized to construct said canals according to said
plan, under the direction ol the Secrctaiyot the Trett-my,
and to prosecute the same to completion with such di-p.ueh
a-? the nattite of the work and the funds appiopnated by
Congiesj) for that purpose shall permit. And the said cotn-
misMOtteis shall make a report annually to the Secietaiy ol
the Treasury on the ptosriew- of t-aid woik.
Sec. 6. And he it fwither enacted, That the Secrctaiv of
the Treasuiy '•hall have the exclusive eontioi and man-
agement of said canal, and shall have power to est.ibh?h
all needful rule*, and icgulnnons concerning the use and
navigation theieof. and to fix, alter, and modily the rates
of toll upon said canals, and shall employ such surveyor,
cotieclois., and agente as may be nece&sm"} to collect said
tolls.
Sec. 7. Jlnd he it further enacted, That said commis-
eioneis shall have powei toetnploysueli surveyois,agents,
and other persons as they may judge necessary to peiloim
the work hereby committed to them, with lull power to
enter upon, appiopnate, use, and condemn any lands, wa-
ters, stieams, and matetiaN of any description neces^aiy
foi the prosecution of the improvement contemplated bv
this bill: Piovided, That when pnvate piopetiv shall be
taken foi such purpose, the same shall be condemned and
compensation made tlicrelor in the manner piovided by the
laws of the State o! Iowa, or of the State of Illinois, as
thecal may be. And it shall he the duty of said com-
missioners to cause all the woik done upon said « ari<il-  to
be let to the lowest if>pou-jihle biddei, at public lettums,
of which sufficient public notice by advancement m the
public newspapers shall b  given.
Sec. 8. shut he it jurthcr enaded, That the revenues
derived fiom ^anl canal, over and above the expenses of
management and of repans, shall be paid into the Treas-
ury ot the United States, and a separate account shall be
kept of fuch receipts.
Sue. 9. Jind he it further enacted, That tboGovornment
of the United Slates shall i--ue the sum ot ,«2,(K)U.(i()U in
bumU ot lh<- United riute-i, to ho i-Mied by the Secretary
ol the Tre.isui j,redeemable twenty yeats tiom date,heal-
ing interest at the rate of si\ per cent, pel annum, payable
semi-annually, lor the pmpo,eo( coii.-micnng saidean.ils ;
the r>!iid Intel e^t to be p«\ able, and the said bonds to he le-
deeinable, out of moneys to he heieafter appmpriated by
Congress; and the said principal and interest to be leim-
bur-ed to the Tieasuiy o! the United St.ite^ liom the toll-,
and revenues of said canal-.
Sec. 10. Jlnd he it fuithcr enacted, That the said bonds
shall be issued, in the ili&cietion of the riecietaiv of ihe
Treasury, in such sums a- may be icquued fioin tune to
time in the piosecution of said work. And said connnis-
sionei.s shall furnish vouchers and pioofs in dupiicate of
the work done and materials fur ni-l>< d. at such tune-, un-
der sueh regulations, as the said Scm-Miy may prescube.
Sec. 11 And he it further enacted, That said commis-
sioners shall each i oretve such salary, not exceed nig ."Jim,
ns the Secretary of the Ti ea ury shall, with respect to their
re<sp"ctive duties and sei vices, detei mine. And said oom-
inissioueis shall respectively give bonds for the laithiul pei -
forinance of their duties, in such amounts and upon such
conditions as the Seeietarv of the Treasuiy ma> prescribe.
Their duties shall cease upon the completion of said canal.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 now demand, in accordance
with my understanding with the gentleman from
Illinois, the previous question upon the bill and
pending amendments.
DEFICIENCY BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to'take from the Speaker's table the deficiency
bill, returned from the Senate with an Amend-
ment, in order to non-concur, and ask a commit-
tee of conference.
Mr. ARNOLD. I will yield for that purpose,
if it leads to no debate.
Mr. STEVENS. If any objection is made to
it I will withdraw my application.
The SPEAKER, is there any objection to
taking up the bill? The Chair hears no objec-
tion.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 suppose it is in order to
move to concur in the Senate amendment?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman makes that
motion the Chair will entertain it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to make that motion.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I shall have to with-
draw my motion. "We have voted already upon
this question three or four times, i think the bill
had better go to a committee of conference and
we can get through with it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object unless I can make
the motion that the House concur.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURN, of Massa-
chusetts, by unanimous consent, bill of the Sen-
ate No. 365, an act in relation to pensions, was
taken from the Speaker's table, read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
ILLINOIS SIIir-CANAL.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I rise to a point
of order. At the time when this bill was post-
poned at the former session of Congress it was
postponed under an understanding that there was
to be a discussion on the meiits of the bill. I
know that my own name was down on the Speak-
er *s list as one of those who were to speak on
this subject. When thegentleman from Illinois,
[Mr. Arnold,] pending the Niagara canal bill,
offered his amendment, it was understood that t
should not speak on the subject then unless that
amendment was actually accepted, and then I
was to speak upon the merits of the bill. I in-
sist that this bill, having been set down for a par-
ticular time, with the understanding to which I
allude, it cannot now be taken up and passed
under the previous question, thus refusing to
those who aie opposed to it all chance of pomt-
ingout the gross corruptions thatexist in its pro-
visions.
The SPEAKER. The Chair can scarcely re-
gard that as a point of order upon which he can
rule. It may be an argument to the majority of
the House not to second the pievious question.
But the motion for the previous question is a le-
gitimate motion, and unless there be unanimous
consent reserving to some gentleman the right to
speak, the Chair cannot refuse to entertain the
motion.
Mr. ARNOLD. I will say to the gentleman
from Wisconsin that after the previous question
has been sustained t will yield htm the floor to
speak at least hull an hour, and I presume that I
shall not d«'sue to make any reply.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. That half hour
is certainly better than nothing; but this is a meas-
ure involving an appropriation of unnumbered
millions of dollars, as I propose to show.
The SPEAKER. Deimie m not in order, the
previous question having been demanded.
Mr. WASt-lCURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the regular oider ol business.
Tellers wereoulered on seconding the demand
for the previous question; and Messis. Arnold,
and Brown of Wisconsin, were appointed.
The House divided, and the telieis reported—
ayes 60, noes 41.
So the previous question was seconded.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin, demanded the
yeas and nays on ordeiing the main question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The main question was ordered to be now put.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands that
the gentleman from Illinois, [.Vir. Arnold,] who
is entitled to one hour, under the rules, to close
the debate, proposes to yield half of that time to
the gentleman liom Wisconsin.
Mr. ARNOLD. I yield to the gentleman for
half an hour.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker,
Mailt Tapley, according to Dickens, upon a cer-
tain occasion stated that he had lost the power
of being astonished; an d I must confess that since
I have been in this House I have seen so many
odd things happen, that so far as any measure
which recklessly plunges us in to debt is concerned,
I too have lost the power of being astonished at
the action of the House.
We have heard gewtlemen upon the other side
of the House urging taxation. We have seen
the call echoed and reechoed from partisan news-
paper to partisan newspaper, "tax, tax." We
have been told that our people, whose shoulders
are bowing under the weight of taxation, must
bend still further, because the very life of the
nation is in danger, and that the money which
they earn by their toil and labor and sweat is
needed to sustain us in this war in which our ex-
istence as a nation is at stake. And now these
gentlemen, who in the way of taxation are turn-
ing the screws upon the people, these gentlemen
(who, even after we have overburdened labor
until it can scarcely stand up under the weight,
are clamoring still further for taxation) ask us
to enter into a scheme of internal improvements,
whose results, whether they be beneficial or no,
can never be realized for the next five years; they
ask us to enter into such a system, and to squan-
der the credit of the Government and the money
of the people m favor of local interests.
But during ihe entire session I have seen noth-
ing that more completely illustrates the strange
temper of the times than docs the proposition
now before the House. In the very magnitude of
the sums which we are daily voting, in the enor-
mous extent of expenditure demanded by our
exhausting civil war, the minds of our citizens
seem to have been mazed, and the ordinary power
of arithmetical calculation to be lost.
Gentlemen seem not to remember that we have
a national indebtedness already ascertained of
over $,1,700,000,000; that our bonds payable in
gold are at a discount in the market,as compared
with gold, of over fifty per cent.; that our legal-
tender notes, which we force citizens to take m
lieu of money, are at a like discount; that to an
untold extent we have Stave, county, and muni-
cipal indebtedness created to aid enlistments; and
that an annual expenditure of over $700,000,000
is required to curry on the w^r. Yawning be-
fore us is that abyss of national bankruptcy, from
whose depths, when once precip'taied theie, no
nation ever escapes. Wise men are pondering
over the means of avoiding such catastrophe, pa-
triots are contributing of their substance, women
aie giving the labor of th- ir hands, and children
aie presenting their offerings, in aid of the strug-
gling country.
Mr. Speakei, from the explanations which I
have heard heie, I do not think that gentlemen
of this House fully understand what is proposed
by this bill, in the first place, it provides that
the President shall or may construct this canal
drawing six feet of water, it then provides that
we appropriate §5,000,000, which the President
may give for the put poses of this canal if the
State of Illinois shall assume, at her own ex-
pense, fo complete the canal so that gunboats
dia wing f-ix fi-et can pass through i is en tire length.
Now, the first difficulty thai menu us is this:
that in t he cou^t itution of t he S<a(e of I llmois there
is a pioviMon by which she cannot contract a
debt beyond §>50,000, and const quently that por-
tion of this hill amounts to nothing, it is a bill
to appropriate $5,000,000 to this canal for the pur-
pose of enabling gunboats, which could net live
for a single hour on Lake Michigan, to passover
it,. The first part of the bill is the only part of
it upon which gentlemen who sustain it can rely.
That part of the bill ph dges the cr*dit of this
country to an unlimited extent for the completion
of an enterprise which 1 shall endeavor to show
is utterly impossible and impracticable through
the obstacles which nature has placed in its way.
By the bill the President has the power to pro-
ceed at once and let contracts to complete this
work, no matter what it costs, five, ten, fifty, a
hundied millions, or even an amountgreater than
the debt which is now weighing upon the coun-
tiy. I propose to show that no five or ten or
twenty or forty or even sixty million dollars will
be sufficient to complete this work. And I pro-
pose to prove that from a work which was drawn
up for the purpose of showing how the city of
Chicago could be benefited by the completion of
a portion only of the canal. I hold in my hand
the report of the sewerage commission of Chicago.
For the purpose of ascertaining how cheaply the
city might by this means have drainage, they com-
