THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 2,
missioned the chief engineer to ascertain and make
an estimate of the cost. Now, sir, the object
■which they wished to accomplish was simply the
enlarging and deepening of the canal from Chicago
to Peru, the easiest, the sligthest, the mgst un-
important portion of the work, so far as the public
is concerned. For the purpose, then, of showing
the cost of this work, according to the estimate
of their own engineer, I will ask the Clerk to read
the portion of that report which I have marked.
The Clerk read, as follows:
si Two other projects have been talked of for enlarging
the canaf^so as to make it navigable for steamboat*; one
with a channel two hundred feet wide and six foot deep,
and the other with a channel of the same width, but twelve
and a half feet deep.
"-The probable cost of constructing the former of these
has been estimated by Mr. Gooding at .$10,000,000, and of
the latter at ^20,000,000 ; but of eouise lie does not con-
sider those sums as anything more than a rude approxima-
tion, and they are not intended to include the probable cost
of locks and other necea&ary works at and below Lock-
port.
" There doe«! not appear to be reasonable probability of
an enlaiged canal, either six or twelve and a half feet deep,
being undertaken at present or very «-oon; but the demands
of the city and ritate for greater facilities of transporting
the erain, lumber, and other pioducts ol this region a gen-
eration hence, if the furuie development of our country is
to be at all in proportion to the pa&t, must eventually cause
such a work to be commenced."
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. From this, Mr.
Speaker, the House will perceive that the estimate
for this small portion of the work was $10,000,000,
provided the canal should be only six feet deep;
which for all purposes of commercial enterprise,
which,as the gentleman claims, gives this scheme
its value, is utterly worthless. And it was
$20,000,000 if the canal should be made twelve
leet deep, deep enough to allow the passage of
boats thatcan ride the waters of Lake Michigan.
Such is the estimate of their own engineer of that
unimportant portion of this woik.
And we find further that in the year 18G0 the
sewerage commission ofChicago, anxiuus lor this
work, and desiring to rid that city of the nui-
sances, attendant upon inefficient drainage, pro-
nounced this to be an enterprise not now to bo
contemplated, but which might perhaps be called
for in another generation. Alas! the flight of
four years has almost created another geneiation.
Where is now that respect for constitutional
laws; the desire to limit the expenditure of the
money of the people; the desire to relieve the
producing classes of the enormous public burdens ?
Gentlemen now present to this House a proposi-
tion which five years ago, ay, a little over four
years ago, in 1860, would havearoused the coun-
try from one end to the other; and now,asa part
of the current expenditures of the Government,
during a time when we need every dollar of the
treasure of the United States?, they propose to
throw away this amount of money.
What will it cost to carry out this scheme?
The distance of the work on the Illinois and Des
Plains rivers is, I think, more ilian one hundred
and fifty, if not two hundred miles. If I am wrong
in my recollection, gentlemen will collect me.
That entire distance is to be rendered navigable
at all seasons of the year. Even if the perma-
nent improvement of the Illinois river as pro-
posed is a possible thing, (and I shall give my
reasons for thinking it extremely difficult,) the
excess of cost may be many times greater than
$10,000,000. The construction of the canal from
Chicago to the Illinois river is an expensive un-
dertaking, but can doubtless be accomplished;
and any experienced engineer, making allowance
for the increased cost of materials and labor, and
ascertaining the value of land to be taken, can
give an approximate estimate of the cost. But
the chief difficulty arises with the Illinois river.
Running almost the entire length of the State, it
drains nearly all the praiiies of Illinois; the depth
of its waters, therefore, vary from a few inches in
dry seasons to from ten to twenty feet in wet,
rainy seasons; the banks are low and almost en-
tirely alluvial, except for the few miles near the
Mississippi river; and with the last exception, in
high stages of water it overflows its banks and
widensalmostto a lake. The bars impeding navi-
gation in one sense, but, damming up the water
and preventing its rapid flow, aiding navigation
in another sense, arc naturally shifting; each new
torrent that swells the riverchangesthem. If the
river were always to remain at its lowest stage,
the task of removing bars and constructing enor-
mous locks not less than three hundred and fifty
feet m length would bean expensive but still a
simple operation. These, however, would be
swept out of existence in the higher stages of
water. In the East, with your rocky river bot-
toms and banks, presenting a solid mass against
and on which dams and other water obstructions
may be constructed, the science of water-courses
is a simple one; give your woiks strength enough
and it will stand.
But this is not true on the alluvial and gravel
bottoms of the West. Even in the simple oper-
ation of constructing dams for milling purposes
the greatest difficulty is experienced. The water
works under the dam, it carries away the bank
on which the dam abuts, and in many ways not
common in streams with a rocky foundation it
destroys and removes the impediment to its course.
Dams constructed of the trees and underbrush
have been found the most effective; but even on
ordinary streams they are not altogether safe.
Nearly every river of the West shows in its
course that slightobstructions have been sufficient
altogether to change its channel and induce it to
break through its feeble barrier of light earth
confining it and seek a new route. Now jet us
suppose that you have removed old sand-bars
and constructed locks at various points along the
line of the river; this will be well enough until
the flood comes. But when the torrent gathers
from all parts of Illinois, rushes along the couise
of the river, covering with its waters, not the
river banks only, but the locks which you have
made, what will become of yourslight creations ?
Lock after lock will give way, and the temporary
obstacles will only enable the flood to bear addi-
tional ruin and disaster in its course. Then the
damage must be paid for, new sand-bars must
be removed, and new locks built to share the
same fate at the next season.
And here 1 would call the attention of the
House to the enormous damage that must be done
from the causes described to the property along
the bunks of the river; and for this damage the
United States would be liable to pay. The hon-
orable gentleman from Illinois has not proposed
to indemnify the Government against this. Any
one of ordinary practical knowledge will at once
appreciate the force of the facts alluded to. And
the advocates of this bill areprecluded from deny-
ing the conclusions, because, had they not them-
selves so believed, their first step would have been
to have asked a preliminary survey by Govern-
ment engineers, whosestanding would be too high
to admit the idea of their being influenced to make
a false report, No State government, no private
corporation, no other Governmentof any kind on
the face of the earth—as I believe—even when
having money to squander, ever entered upon an
enterprise of this kind without a preliminary sur-
vey by nngineeis responsible to the party which
must advance the money. If in his piivate busi-
ness any man should so act, he would be de-
prived of all [lower over his property by a com-
mission for lunacy or imbecility; yet here honor-
able membeis would vote away the heritage of
the nation, having no excuse save politics and
contracts.
But as the thirty minutes allowed to me are not
sufficient for full description,! must hasten on to
another point. By the original bill it is proposed
that the Government should give $13,000,000 lo
this work, and be reimbursed by toll. The idea
embtaced m this bill, and urged upon the House,
is, that if the Government constructs this work,
it shall be repaid for its outlay by the tolls col-
lected. I see some Representatives from Illinois,
some Democrats, who in olden times paid some
little respect to constitutional law, and who now
propose to support this measure.
Mr. W. J. ALLEN. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether he maintains that there is no con-
stitutional power to pass this bill.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I was coming
to that point. I believe that there can be no greater
abuse on the part of the Government of its power
to expend the money of the people than to devote
the money wrung from the people of one portion
of the country to the local benefit of another por-
tion-
Mr. W..T. ALLJ2N. Is that a question of con-
stitutional power?
Mr. CROWN, of Wisconsin. If the gentle-
man had waited a moment, he would not have
found it necessary to question me on this point.
The gentleman has heard of such an instrument
as the Ordinance of 1787 by which that whole
northwestern territory was organized. He has
heard of the provision of that ordinance under
which all the highways leading into the Missis-
sippi and the St. Lawrence were to be free; and,
as if anticipating that at some future time some
legislative body mrghtuttempt such legislation as
this, the fiamers of that act have in section four
of that ordinance (Illinois Revised Statutes of
1858, page 24) provided that—
" The nnvigablo waters leadimr into the Mississippi and
St. Lawrence flull be common highways and forever free
as well to the inhabitant* of the United States as those of
the terutoiv and o( the several States to be theieaiter ad-
mitted, without tax, Impost, or duty."
This ordinance, as a form of government, was
superseded by the State constitutions, (as the Su-
preme Court coirectly decided;) but all rights ac-
quired under the ordinance remain intact. And
bom abundance of caution this principle was con-
firmed by the actof Congress providing for the ad-
mission of Illinois into tiie Union, (same, page 1,
section 4, of actof 1818,) and by express reference
to the Ordinance of 1787 m the preamble to the con-
stitution of that State ;and, again, by the resolution
of Congress of December 3, 1818, admitting Illi-
nois into the "Union. Similar precautions have
been taken in regard to all, or nearly all, the States
fotmedfrom the noithwost territory. As no com-
pact can be changed without the consent of all par-
ties to it, in order to be enabled to levy tolls upon
the Illinois river, you must not only have an act
of Congress, but must change the constitution of
Illinois, and have the consentas well of each pur-
chaser of lands on the banks of the river as of the
various other States formed from that territory;
this compact was between the United States and
each of the northwest States, as it was admitted,
and extended to all the waters of the territory.
The United States cannot, therefore, collect tolls
on that river either from the construction or main-
tenance of locks. So far from that, each person
actually impeded in the navigation of the river by
locks, could remove them, and claim compensa-
tion for loss and detention.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman allow
me to say a word? If I understood him cor-
rectly, he stated that the first obstacle to the execu-
tion of this enterprise is a provision in the con-
stitution of the State of Illinois which provides
that the Legislature of that State shall not make
any appropriation or contract any debt for a sum
exceeding $50,000. I thmlc the gentleman is in-
correct in that statement, and I ask him to have
read the thirty-seventh section of the thud article
of the constitution of Illinois, if that is the section
to which he refers.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I have it here.
I looked over it a moment ago; and the very next
section provides that the State of Illinois shall not
lend its credit to any individual, association, or
corporation. The two sections go together.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman allow
those two sections to be read for the information
of the House?
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. If the time con-
sumed in reading is not to come out of my time,
I consent.
Several Members. It shall not.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Sec. 37. Each General Assembly shall provide for all
the appropuations necessity for the ordinary and contin-
gent expenses of the government until the adjournment of
the next legular session, the aggregate amount of which
shall not be increased withouta vote of two thirds of each
[louse, nor exceed the amount of icvenue authorized by
law to he tailed in such time : Provided. The State may, to
meet casual deficit* ur failures in revenue?, contract debts
never to exceed in the aggregate §\iO,UUO; and the moneys
thus hoi rowed shall be applied to the pin pose for winch
They weie obtained, or to lepay the debt Imade, and
to no other purpose ; and no other debt except for the pur-
pose ol lopeliinsj invasion, siippiesMm: msunecnon, orde-
teiidinj* the State in wai, (lor pavment of which the faith
of the rttate shall be pledged.) -shall he contacted, unless
tiie law authorizing the same *-h.ilJ. at a general election,
have been submitted to the people, and have received a
majonty ot all the votes cast for members of the General
Avnmbly at such election. The Genesai Assembly shall
provide ior the publication of caul law for three months
a! loan before the vote of the people shall be taken upon
the <ainc; and provision shall he made, at the time, for the
payment of the niteje^t annually, as it email aceiue, by a
tax leued foi the ptupo^e, oi tiom othur souices of iev-
cniR'; which law, providing for the paymentof sucli inter-
est hv such ux. shall he lnepealable unnl Mich debt he
paid: J3nd jnooided Juriher, That the law levying the tax
