1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
560
shall be submitted to the people with the law authorizing
the debt to be contracted
"Sec. 38. The ctecht of the State shall not, in any man-
ner, be given to, or m aid of, any individual, association,
oi corporation."
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. Mr. Speaker,
if I understand the gentleman's point in answer
to me,it is that they may draft a law and submit
it to the people, by which the people may assume
that debt, providing in the law for the payment
of the interest and principal. If the gentleman
had been contented to accept that provision, and
that alone, they might perhaps have had some
reason in saying that they assume this risk of
such action by the people. But the difficulty is
that they commence with authorizing the Pres-
ident at any cost to make the proposed improve-
ment. We alt know that the people of Illinois
could never consent to tax themselves to an amount
which is necessary in ordyr to complete this im-
provement, so that gentlemen use that only to at-
tract the attention of the House, relying in fact
upon the first provision.
Mr. INGERSOLL rose.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. If the gentle-
man will allow me, as my time is brief, I will go
on without further interruption. If it does not
come out of my thitty minutes I shall be happy
to be interrupted as often as gentlemen please.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I want to correct the gen-
tleman, and I presume that he does not desue to
be in error. Theie is a provision in the bill under
consideration that this act shall not take effect,
even with the vote of the House and the donate
and the approval of the President of the United
States, until Illinois has complied with the con-
dition of the contract on its part.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. Then I say that
if there is such a provision, I think that we ought
to reject the bill, because it is not drawn in a
manner to express ideas. If the State of Illinois
is to do the work, and that alone is what you
seek, why do you put it in the power of the Piesi-
dent of the United States to do it? Why do you
require him to go on and contract? The limita-
tion the gentleman speaks of is a limitation to
Illinois of $5,000,000, and not a limitation of the
power of the President of the United States.
Mr. INGERSOLL rose.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I cannotbein-
terrapted any further. When the gentleman in-
terrupted me before I was nottouchinga kindred
subject; I was showing that we could get in no
shape any remuneration from that long canal,
because the Ordinance of the Northwest, uitilied
between the Government and every State of the
Not til west, made these highways free from im-
position or toll.
Mr. 1NQKRSOLL. If the gentleman will allow
me. The gentleman has no objection to the Presi-
dent to const!uct this improvement without an
appropriation of five or six million dollars. On
that point i think he will have no objection to the
bill. I think the issue is whether we will pass
the bill or not.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. It may appear
to the gentleman that there is no objection to au-
thorizing the President to make a contract involv-
ing millions and millions. Does he think thatthe
country will hold back from the contiactors the
rewaid of their labor? I say that when we au-
thorize the Piesident to construct that work we
give him every power necessary. If I authorize
my agent to build a house he has the power to
bind me to every extent necessary to accomplish
that object. So with the President. Andthismay
cost, as 1 believe it will, hundreds of millions of
dollars. If after Congress pass thu bill it should
refuse to appropriate the money, it would be a
breach of faith, which I hope no man here will be
guilty of.
Now for the commercial advantages. I have
shown that a small purticyi of the cost of this
canal, twelve feet deep, was to be $20,000,000. If
we take it six feet deep, which, 1 believe, is the
provision ot this bill, then itwill be <,10,000,000.
What is a canal six feet deep worth for the pur-
poses of nnercouise between the Mississippi and
Lake Michigan ? I do not know how many mem-
beisof the House have ever been on Lake Michi-
gan, but I can «pesk from expeiieneo as having
been on that lake and on the ocean and on the
Mississippi. The ordinary navigation of theMis-
sissippi river is with light-draught boats, drawing
often not more than ten, twelve, or fifteen inches,
though sometimes as high as two feet. I know
what Lake Michigan is, and I tell gentlemen who
have not been there that you want stronger and
better sea-going boats for that lake than you do
for the navigation of the ocean; and 1 will give
the reason for it. Upon the ocean, where you
have sea-room, you give way to the storm, and
the effect of not opposing it diminishes the danger.
But on Lake Michigan, where you have narrow
sea-room, you must turn and tack from point to
point, and resist the force of the waves, and on
that account the strain is greater upon the vessel,
and therefore stronger vessels are needed than
upon the Atlantic ocean. Let me ask gentlemen
if they would intrust themselves upon the At-
lantic ocean in a vessel drawing only six feet of
water?
But more than that: suppose you have a canal
of the depth of twelve feet, to obviate these diffi-
culties; your vessel from Lake Michigan, which
is to passover this canal, will draw six, seven,
eight, or nine feet, and though it might get through
the canal, it couid not navigate the Mississippi.
I presume that many of you, and I know that the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wasiibuune,] who
is an advocate of this measure, has gone up the
Mississippi in boats drawing but a few inches,
and has been compelled to lie hours and days
upon bars m the river. What, then, is the use
of getting into the Mississippi river with boats of
six and eight feet draught, when you cannot vise
them when you get them theie?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ARNOLD. I shall not occupy the time
of the House m reply to the remarks of the gentle-
man from Wisconsin. I will simply say that he
resides in the town of Milwaukee, formerly the
rival of Chicago.
Mr. COX. \Vill not the gentleman from Illinois
allow my friend from Wisconsin ten minutes fui-
ther time?
Mr. ARNOLD. I think I have been very
liberal, 1 have allowed the gentleman more
than half my tune.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. Let me appeal
to the gentleman for a moment. He will recol-
lect 
Mr. ARNOLD. Gentleman upon this side of
the House desire to speak, otherwise I should
he glad to hear the eloquent gentleman further.
1 listened to the gentleman's appearand granted
him more ihan half my time.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. The gentleman
certainly is notalrnid that 1 shall move him against
his own reason. I ask him to recollect that when
this amendment w.w before the Ilouse, attached
to another bill, by an understanding with him I
did not speak against that amendment, and there
was an understanding* that I should have a chance
to speak here.
Mr. ARNOLD. I think I have discharged my
agreement. I yield to the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Allison.]
Mr. ALLISON. Itis not my purpose to make
any remaiks upon the onginal proposition before
the House, but only to present a few reasons to
the House why I believe the amendment I had
the honor to present a few moments ago should
be adopted. The proposition contained in that
amendment is simply to improve what are called
the Upper and Lower rapids of the Mississippi—
the Lower one at Keokuk, Iowa, two hundred
miles above St. Louis; and the Upper rapids two
hundred miles further up the uver.
The substance of my amendment has received
the sanction of the Committee on Iloads and
Canals, the proposition having been before the
committee during the last session of the present
Congress. The amendment proposes the issuing
of $*-2,000,000 m bonds for the purpose of com-
pleting these two canals mound these rapids. Ac-
coidmg to the careful estimates of competent engi-
neers, J think that sum will be very nearly if not
quite sufficient to complete both of those works
and place them in such a position that vessels that
can navigate the Mississippi during that season of
the year can pa?s also around those rapids. It
is not the purpose of this proposition to take any
money out of the Treasury of the United States,
nor will the effect of the proposition be such, ll
it is adopted.
We only propose to use the creditof the Gov-
ernment for the purpose of building these canals,
and the tolls that are to be received by the Gov-
ernment itself will be amply sufficient, as I be-
lieve, to pay the interest upon that Ioatvand also
pay the principal at maturity.
We have an example in the Ohio river which
is sufficient to give us very reliable data as to
what the eftect of the improvementof the Missis-
sippi river would be. The Louisville and Port-
land canal, which is in the district of the distin-
guished gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Mai,-
lory,] has proved to be a paying investment to
that company. That canal company was organ-
ized by the Legislature of Kentucky as early as
1826, and the canal was completed in 1831. Dur-
ing the period of twelve years, from 1831 to 1842,
that canal paid dividends to the stockholders (the
Government being a large stockholder in the ca-
nal) varying from six to ten per cent, per annum.
The profits of the company were so large that
the Legislature of the State of Kentucky at that
time passed a bill amending the charter of the
company, and authorizing the individual stock-
holders to sell their stock at $150 for every $100
subscribed, and within twelve years from the
time that that bill was passed by the Legisla-
ture of Kentucky and was accepted by the com-
pany, every dollar of the stock, excepting that
owned by the Government of the United States
and a few shares to preserve the organization,
was redeemed at one dollar and fifty cents for
eveiy dollar. . The tolls received by the com-
pany were then reduced to twenty-five cents per
ton, and since that time the net tolls on that canal
have bean about one hundred thousand dollars
per annum. They are now enlarging it, and for
that purpose have obtained a loan for$l,600,000,
ami i hold in my hand a letter from Hon. James
Guthrie, of Louisville, m which he says that
they expect that the tolls on the canal, at the
rate ot twenty-five cents per ton, will pay, within
a peiiod of twenty years, that entire loan, and
also pay for the repairs necessary to keep up the
canal. We had requested him to furnish us in-
formation with reference to the Louisville and
Portland canal, and in this same letter he states
that he believes canals built around the Lower
and Upper rapids of the Mississippi river would
prove not only profitable to the Government, but
to any company that might organize for the pur-
pose of constructing them.
Now, the object of these two canals around
those rapids of the Mississippi is, first, to enable
us to reach the canal passing tlnough the State
of Illinois from Alton and St. Louis to Chicago.
1 can say to the gentleman from Illinois who
has presented this question to the House thathis
proposition will be of no value whatever to the
Northwest unless he accompanies it with a pro-
ject to improve the rapids of the Mississippi.
The great Statesof Iowa, Wisconsin,Minnesota,
and a portion of Illinois, will virtually be deprived
of any benefit from this canal unless you also
enable them to reach the canal at St. Louis by
improving the rapids, which cannotnow be navi-
gated by vessels of any class for four months of the
season of navigation. Not only that, butan im-
provement of the rapids of the Mississippi will
enable vessels to leave Pittsburg and pass around
to the city of St. Paul, nine hundred miles above
St. Louis, without changing bulk. They cannot
do it now, because during five months of the eight
months of the season of navigation the naviga-
tion of the river above Keokuk is almost use-
less.
Now, I ask gentlemen who represent the great
eastern States to aid us in reaching the great rail-
roads which lead to the East by means of these
water communications extending from St. Paul
to St. Louis, and thence by Cairo and the Ohio
river to Pittsbuig. By so doing the people of
the States of Minnesota, and Iowa, and Wiscon-
sin, and of a large portion of Illinois, may receive
some advantages from the main proposition now
before the House should it become a law. But
without that the Illinois canal will be of no prac-
tical benefit whatever to the people of those great
northwestern Slates.
I will not, during the ten minutes allotted to me
by the courtesy of the honorable member from
Illinois, [Mr. Arnold,] undertake to argue the
necessity of the adoption of this amendment to
the unitltol rupted navigation of thisgieat national
highway fiom St. Paul to the Gulf of Mexico
when Uadc with the southern States is resumed,
