133G
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 2,
a bill (S. No. 389) relating to clerkships in the
Post Offii o l>cpaitment.
The S* nate disagreed to the amendment of the
House to strike out sections three and four of
Senate bill, and insert '* that said clerks shall be
paid out of any money heretofore appropriated,
or that may hereafter be appropriated, for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department.''
fdr. DONNELLY moved that the House re-
cede from its amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
CONTINENTAL HOTEL COMPANY.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the Senate amendment to a bill (II. R. No. 794)
to incorporate the Continental Hotel Company of
the city of Washington,
Add to the bill tha following section :
Sec. —. be it further enacted, That Congress may,
at any time, alter, amend, or repeal thu charter.
Mr. ASHLEY. I move the amendment of the
Senate be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
THOMAS BOOTLE.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the Senate amendment to a btll(Ii. R. No. 454)
granting a pension to Thomas Booth; changing
" Booth" to " Boolie" in bill and tale.
The amendment was concurred in.
MINNESOTA LAND GRANTS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate amendments to a bill (H. R. No. 761) ex-
tending the time for the completion of certain land-
grant raihoads in the State of Minnesota, and for
other purposes.
Mr. HOLM AN. Is there any further grant of
Jand in this bill ? la it anything more than an ex-
tension of time?
Mr. WINDOM. None at all, beyond what it
was when the bill passed the House.
The Senate amendments were concurred in.
PAY OF MIDSHIPMEN.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate amendments lo a. bill (H. R. No. 605) to
increase the pay of midshipmen, and others.
. The Senate amendments were concurred in.
*
5 ELIZABETH B. LEPPIKN.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate Amendment to a bill (H. R. No. 567) grant-
ing a pension to Elizabeth B. Leppien.
The amendment of the Senate was concurred in.
PENSION LAWS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate amendments to a bill (H. R. No. 756) sup-
plementary to the several acts granting pensions.
The Senate amendments were concurred in.
MAIL SERVICE.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate amendments to a bill of the House remov-
ing disqualifications on accountof color in carry-
ing the mails.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. 1 object.
PENSION LAWS.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. The House just now concurredin the Senate
amendments to bill H. R. No. 756, entitled " An
net supplementary to the several acts granting
pensions." I have since ascertained that the Sen-
ate struck out the fifth and sixth sections—two
important sections of the bill. I therefore move
to reconsider the vote by which the House con-
curred in the amendments of the Senate.
Mr. WASHBURN,of Massachusetts. I hope
that Me motion to reconsider will not be agreed
to. I move that that motion be laid on the table.
The motion of Mr. Washeurk, of Massachu-
setts, was agreed to; there being,on a division—
ayes 71, noes 21.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Cobb, one
of tlx.il- clerks, announced that the Senate had
passed the bill (H. R. No. 682) making appro-
priations for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department,and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30,1866, with amendment?,.in which
they requested the concurrence of (he House.
Mr. KASSON. I move that the House now
concur in the amendments of the Senate, and ask
a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
MINNESOTA LAND GRANTS.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move to reconsider the vote
by which the House concurred in the amendments
of the Senate to House bill extending the time for
the completion of certain land-grant railroads in
the State of Minnesota, and for other purposes.
Those amendments were concurred in without a
dissenting voice. But so far as I was concerned
I acted under a misapprehension founded upon
a statement made by the gentleman from Minne-
sota, [Mr. Windom.] I understood him to say
that the bill, as amended, provided simply for an
extension of time. He has since informed me
that he did not intend to be so understood; that
he meant to say that the bill, as amended, pro-
vided for no extension beyond that contemplated
by the bill as it passed the House. I trust he will
see the fairness of allowing the vote to be recon-
sidered, because I acted under that assurance.
Mr. WINDOM. 1 desire to say a word with
reference to the misunderstanding on the part of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman.]
I was beginning to explain the amendments
when the gentleman from New York [Mr. Gan-
son] suggested to me that I would kill my bill if
I made a speech. So I concluded to proceed no
further. When the gentleman from Indiana asked
whether the amendments provided for anything
beyond an extension of time, I did not understand
him in the hubbub prevailing at the moment. I
could not hear what occurred until the Speaker
announced that the amendment had been con-
curred in. I desire to say that the Senate amend-
ments make no grant additional to that made by
the House bill winch passed here by a two-thirds
vote. The House bill authorized the company
to talce other lands than those contiguous to the
road to be constructed; the amendments of the
Senate limit the company in this respect. So far
as tliat point is concerned, the bill as amended is
preferable to the House bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. The remarks of the gentle-
man from Minnesota were misapprehended by
myself and by others around me. We acted on
the question underthis misapprehension. I trust
that good faith will suggest to the gentleman from
Minnesota the propriety of allowing a reconsid-
eration of our action.
Mr. WINDOM. I have no objection to a re-
consideration, if the question can be acted on at
once.
The SPEAKER. If a reconsideration should
take place, a single objection will prevent concur-
rence in the amendments, because the understand-
ing was that these matters should go through by
unanimous consent.
Mr. WILSON. I do not understand the gen-
tleman from Indiana to object to the matter com-
ing up so that the House may act on it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I want the action taken re-
considered, so that the bill may stand as it stood
when it was taken up from the Speaker's table.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now object to taking the
bill from the Speaker's table.
SALE OF INDIAN LANDS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate joint resolution No. 88, suspending the
sale by sealed bids of the lands of the Kansas
and Sac and Fox Indians.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not understand the ob-
ject of the postponement of these sales. They
have been postponed since 1861.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I was going
to call for the previous question. I think the
longer these sales are postponed the better.
Mr. HOLMAN. They have been suspended
since 1861, and the creditors of these Indians have
been kept out of their money. I object.
MASSACRE OF CHEYENNE INDIANS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate joint resolution No. 93, in relation to the
massacre ofCheyenne Indians.
Mr. McBRlDft. I object.
INVENTORY OF QUARTERMASTERS' DEPOTS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate joint resolution No. 90, to authorize and
direct an inventory of articles in the quartermas-
ters' depots in the United States, and in posses-
sion of naval storekeepers of the United States.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is a good resolution,
and I hope that it will be passed.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time, ordered to be read a third time, and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BENJAMIN YREELAND.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 412, for the relief of Benjamin
Vreeland, surgeon in the Navy of the United
States.
There was no objection; and the bill was read
a first and second time, ordered to be read n third
time, and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
RETALIATION.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate joint resolution No. 97, advising retalia-
tion for'cruel treatment of prisoners by the insur-
gents.
Mr. KERNAN. I object.
PAUL S. FORBES.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate joint resolution No. 94, authorizing the
Secretary of the Navy to advance to Paul S.
Forbes $250,000 additional out of the sum to be
paid to him under the contract for building a
steam screw sloop-of-war.
The SPEAKER. That having already passed,
the resolution will be laid on the table.
STATE OF KANSAS CLAIM.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 70, to enable the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury to settle the claim of the
State of Kansas.
There was no objection; and the bill was read
a first and second time, ordered to be read a third
time, and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
INDIAN AFFAIRS IN CALIFORNIA.
Senate bill No. 370, to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide for the better organization of
Indian Affairs in California."
There was no objection; and the bill was read
a first and second time, ordered to be read a third
time, and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
INDIAN BONDS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate joint resolution No. 85, authorizing the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to the Secretary
of the Interior $250,000 in lieu of certain bonds
for feeding certain refugee Indians.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
JAMES MADISON'S PAPERS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate joint resolution No. 105, respecting the
publication of the papers of James Madison.
There was no objection; and the joint resolu-
tion was read a first and second time, ordered to be
read a third time, and it was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
SAMUEL L. GEROULD.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 450, for the relief of Samuel L.
Gerould.
There was no objection; and the bill was read
a first and second time, ordered to be read a third
time, and it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
WILLIAM PIERCE.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
bill S. No. 422, for the relief of William Pierce.
Mr. HOOPER. I object.
G. J. STUBBLE FIELD.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
joint resolution S. No. 109, authorizing the ad-
justment of the claim of George J. Srubblefield
for chewing tobacco furnished to the United Suites.
Mr. THAYER. 1 object.
