1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mr
Mr. COX moved that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
W. II. AND C. S. DUNCAN.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
bill S. No. 311, for the relief of W. H. & C. S.
Duncan.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
up and read a first and second time. The bill
was ordered to a third reading, and was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. F. CLARKE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
-COPYRIGHT LAW.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
bill (S. No. 468) supplemental to an act entitled
"An act to amend the several acts respecting
copyrights," approved February 3, 1851, and to
the acts in addition thereto and in amendment
thereof.
There being no objection, the bill was taken
up, and read a first and second time.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
Was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FRANK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MICHIGAN LAND GRANT.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
bill (S No. 413) making a grant of land to the
State of Michigan to aid in the construction of
certain railroads in said State.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
CAPITOL HOTEL COMPANY.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
bill (S. No. 452) to incorporate the Capitol Hotel
Company in Washington city, District of Colum-
bia.
There being no objection, the bill was taken up,
and read a first and second time.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MINNESOTA LAND GRANTS.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to make another ap-
peal to the gentleman from Indiana to withdraw
his objection to concurring in the Senate amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 761) extending the
time for the completion of certain land-gran trail-
roads in Minnesota, and for other purposes.
Mr. HOLMAN. As the gentleman from Min-
nesota has acted very fairly and courteously on
this subject toward me personally, and has re-
lieved me from the difficulty of falling into a mis-
take in regard to its purpose, 1 say, without hes-
itation, that while 1 am opposed to the bill, and
cannot withdraw my objection, I will very freely
waive, so far as I am concerned, the understand-
ing that the rules shall not be suspended during
the evening. I am perfectly willing (hat the gen-
tleman shall move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
that?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object.
We were parties here to-nightto acontract when
we entered upon this character of legislation. I
conceive it always unconstitutional to interfere
with contracts. 1 therefore object.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
objection comes too late, and that a motion to
suspend the rules is in order.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. No, sir;
I rose in time.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair entertains
the objection.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, subse-
quently withdrew the objection, and Mr. AN-
CON& renewed it.
MICHIGAN LAND GRANTS.
The next bill taken from the Speaker's table
was an act (S. No. 463) to amend an act entitled
"An act to amend an act entitled 'An act making
a grant of alternate sections of public lands to the
State of Michigan, to aid in the construction of
certain railroads in said State, and for other pur-
poses.' "
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does this bill increase the
grant of lands ?
Mr. UPSON. It simply gives an extension
of time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection to it.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. UPSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BURLINGTON AND MISSOURI RIVER RAILROAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the joint resolution (S. No. 123) to extend the
time for constructing the Burlington and Missouri
River railroad in Iowa, and filing a map of reloca-
tion.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Isthereany-
thing in that bill except as to extending the time?
Mr. WILSON. There is no additional grant
of land.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the joint resolution be
read.
The joint resolution was read the third time,
and
PATENT RIGHTS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
an act (S. No. 387) amendatory of an act to amend
an act entitled "An act to promote (he progress
of the useful arts," approved March 3, 1863.
The bill was read a first and second time.
The question being on its third reading,
Mr. COX. I object to the thiid reading, aod
move that the House do now [twenty minutes
past one, a. m.] adjourn.
The House refused to adjourn; there being, on
a division—ayes 46, noes 52.
Mr. COX subsequently withdrew his objection
to the third reading of the bill, S. No. 387; and
there being no further objection the bill.was read
the third time, and passed
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MINNESOTA LAND GRANTS.
The next business on the Sneaker's table was
an act (S. No. 295) making additional grants of
lands to the State of Minnesota in alternate sec-
tions to aid in the construction of a railroad in
said State.
Mr. ANCONA objected.
DOCUMENTS FOR STATE DEPARTMENT.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
joint resolution (S. No. 114) authorizing addi-
tional copies of public documents to be printed
for the Department of State.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
INTERNATIONAL EXHIBITIONS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution charging the President of the
United States with the duty of making known to
the people of the United States, by proclamation
or otherwise, the facts in his possession relating
to the international exhibitions proposed to be
held at Bergen, Norway, and Oporto, Portugal,
during the summer of 1865.
The joint resolution was read three times, and
passed.
MAIL POUCHES.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. No. 121) to purchase mail
pouches or boxes of Marshall Smith's patent.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
NIAGARA SHIP-CANAL, ETC,
The next business on the Speaker's table was
the joint resolution (S. No. 118) to authorize sur-
veys to be made with a view to the construction
of a ship-canal around the falls of Niagara, to
deepen and enlarge the Illinois and Michigan
canal, to improve the navigation of the Illinois
river, to improve the Upper rapids and also the
Des Moines rapids of the Mississippi river, to
improve the navigation of the Fox and Wiscon-
sin rivers, and for other purposes.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If that ia
objected to, I move that the House adjourn.
Several Members. No! No!
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Very well;
I withdraw the motion.
NAVAL JUDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 465) to create the office of Solicitor
and Naval Judge Advocate General.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. A bill upon this
subject has already passed the House. I move
to lay this bill on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
WAGON ROADS IN THE TERRITORIES.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 472) to provide for the construction
of certain wagon roads in the Territories of Idaho,
Montana, Dakota, and Nebraska.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
COLORED UNION BENEVOLENT ASSOCIATION.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 451) to incorporate
the Colored Union Benevolent Association.
The joint resolution was read afirst and second
time, and ordered to be read a third time. It was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
PACIFIC RAILROAD MAPS.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. No. 125) transferring maps
and other documents relating to the surveys of
the Pacific railroad to the Department of the In-
terior.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time, and ordered to be read a third time. It was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
NAVAL OBSERVATORY.
The next business on the Speaker's tabic was
a bill (S. No. 478) in relation to the Naval Obser-
vatory.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
ordered to be read a third time. It was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
CAPTAIN HENRY S. STELT/VTAGEN.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a joint resolution (S. No. 128) authorizing the
acceptance of a sword of honor from the Govern-
ment of Great Britain by Captain Henry S. Stell-
wagen, United States Navy.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time, and ordered to be read a third time. It was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
BATH, MAINE.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 318) authorizing the Secretary of the
Treasury to lease or sell certain property of the
United States situate at Bath, in the State of Maine.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
ordered to be read a third time. It was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 483) to amend an act donating pub-
lic lands to the several States and Territories
which shall provide colleges for the benefit of
agriculture and the mechanic arts.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I object.
NATIONAL MILITARY AND NAVAL ASYLUM.
The last business on the Speaker's table was
a bill (S. No. 479) to incorporate a national mil-
itary and naval asylum for the relief of totally
disabled officers and men of the volunteer forces
of the United Slates.
The bill was read a first and second time, and
ordered to be read a third time. It was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
And then, on motion of Mr. COX, (at one
o'clock and thirty-five minutes, a. m.,) the House
adjourned.
