1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
571
atrocity. If the sick and wounded soldiers are
not provided for the blame should justly rest with
the Senate. Bat I take it for granted that this
House, after wlnxt has been done, will never con-
sent to nhandon its determination to adhere to the
item which the Senate now proposes to strike
out.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays
on the motion to concur in the amendment of the
Senate.
Mr. WASHBTJRNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers 011 oideung the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. "Wash-
burns, of Illinois, and Pendleton, were ap-
pointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 25, noes 84.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 47, nays 83, not voting 52; as
follows:
YEAS—Mnssts. Allay, Allison, Ames Baily, Augustus
C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, l>a\ter, Iranian, Blame,
BoutwWI, i i and<'nee,P>toi)!i a!i, Amhirw W. Claik. Cobb,
Cole, (Jnnncll, Uauhntr, Hanin^ton, lli^bv, Holuian, Ami-
he! W. [{uhb.ud, Hulbuul, Julian, Oslamio lvelloyjf. Ker-
naii. Km;', Loan, Snmud F. Mi I lei, Moi nil, Daniel Morn-?,
Nta ton, IV) ham, l*ike, i'i ice, Edward II. Rollin^, Seoilcld,
Sloan, Smith, Spaldmsi, Up^on, Klilm B. Wa-liliiirne, Wil-
liam 13. Wa>hbinn, Wheeler, Wilson, Wuidom, Wuud-
bndgo, and Woithnigton—47.
NAYS--Mes>rs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Anderson, Ashley, Blow, iJoytl, James S. Blown,
Clay, Oo.x, Ciavens, Homy Winter Davis, D.uw^, Dawson,
Doming, Dixon, Dnggs, Dnniont, Eckley, Edneiton, Eld-
ridge, Eliot, F.unswoith, Fmck, Gannon, Gaifield, Under,
Gif-wold, ILiII, Betijauun G. 11am-:, Charles M. H,uu ,
Hcrriek, John ii. Uubbaid, lnqorsoll, Jencke-, L'luhp
Johnson, Kasson, Kelley, Francis W. Kel'o «, Knapp,
Knox, Law, Le lJlond, Lonij, Lori year, M.uvm.'iMoBiide,
JVIcCluii;, iMcDowelljMeKiiiney, Wi Ilia in J1. Miller, J.miea
R Moru<, Amos Myc-r-S Leonaid Mytn-.. Odell, Chailet.
O'Neill, John O'Neill, Oith, Pendleton, I'oiiwtov, Piuvn,
Radtbid, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall, Itolmi-
s-on, Puh>, tjchenck, Scott, Shannon, Sinitheiv} St'-vou^,
Stiles, Siiou-e, Townheiul, Van Yalkenlmu.'l), Whaley,
Jo-eph W. White, Williams Wilder, Wntheld, Benjaium
Wood, Fernando Wood, ami Yeatnan—
NOT VOTING—Mf^rs. Arnold, Blair, Biis';, Brooks,
William G. Brown, Chanter, Fieeman Gl.uke, ColFioth,
Cie>well, Thomas T. Davis, Denton, Donnelly, J^len,
English, Fiank, Guoeh, Hale, IIoopci, HotchUi^, Hutch-
ing William Johnson, Kalbfleisch, Lazear, Littlejohn,
Maliory, Maicy, McAllister, Melndoe, Middleton, Moor-
liead, Morri-on, NHsoir, Noble, Patterson, Perry, Alexan-
der II. Rice, John II. Ric«, Rogers, James £■>. Roli'ins, Starr,
John 1}. Steele, William G. Steele, Stuait, Sweat, Thayer,
Thomas, Tiacy, Vooiliees, Wadsworth, Ward, Webster,
and Chilton A. White—o2.
So the House refused to concur in the amend-
ment of the Senate.
The question recurring on the motion that the
House insist on its disagreement and ask a com-
mittee of conference, it was agreed to.
Mr STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider lie laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I had intended to ask that
the House resolve itself into the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the naval ap-
propriation bill, hut the hour is late. I therefore
make a motion, to which I suppose theie will be
ISO objection, that we proceed to the consideration
of the business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
VENTILATING HALLS OF CONGRESS.
The concurrent resolution of the Senate relative
to the ventilation and improvement of the Halls
of Congress was taken from the Speaker's table,
and, on motion of Mr. Washbuhne, ot Illinois,
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds.
I'lilE AT SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
following message from the Senate:
In Sknati: Unittd Static, Fchrvmy cl, 1865.
Rcsoli-Cd hit (he S-innte. (the lion-" of Representatives
coticui111!sr.} Tli.it the Comuntiee on Public Biuldmc^ and
Gionnd-* ot ihe SrnaU1. coii|oiiilly with the Committee on
Public Buildings and Gi on ml-of the fiou-e. bo, and they ate
Jjerehw dneeted to impute into the otiszi.iol theiiie by
which the Smithfconian Institution buildnei and the valu-
able depo>i;- thciein were, on Tne-day, tins 24th e.t\ <>t
Jannatv, i'i wholom in p.nt d -tro> cd ; the approMmate lo->
to th" Cinvc t.ineal and topuv.i"  nct-ons; tlicm* an-nece---
saiv to e. >-i 1 he ieniaimn.'ia.iiionaot'-a d binIdin% and
it- #- r > 111 f1 i j t-i I'lontiaitliei in]u.v : and .-uch otbet laetsm eon-
uertion theiewitha^ina: l.e of public interest, and to leport
by bill or otJiui u i--c.
The concurrent resolution was passed.
ASYLUM TOR INSANE.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
amendment of the Senate to House bill No. 644,
to extend to certain persons in the employ of the
Government the benefits of the Asylum for Insane
in the District of Columbia, as follows:
Inseit: u During the continuance of the rebellion."
The amendment was concurred in.
ACTING ASSISTANT TREASURERS.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House the
amendments of the Senate to House bill No. 689,
to provide for Acting Assistant Treasurers or de-
positaries of the United States in certain cases.
Mr. STEVENS moved that they be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
MILITARY ACADEMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House an
amendment of the Senate to House bill No. 621,
making appropriations for the support of the Mili-
tary Academy for the year ending the 30th of
June, 18GG.
Mr. BLAINE. Mr, Speaker, I will make a
statement and then make amotion. The House
made an amendment to the West Point appropri-
ation bill, as it came from the Committee of Ways
and Means, repealing the law of the last year,
which took away from the President and Secre-
tary of War the power to send back a cadet who
was dismissed from West Point under any cir-
cumstances unless the cadet could have the recom-
mendation of the academic board. The House
repealed that provision in the West Point Acad-
emy appropriation bill, leaving it where it has
been ever since the foundation of West Point.
The Senate disagree to that repeal. I move to
insist on the amendment, and ask for a committee
of conference.
Mr. McljlUDE moved to concur.
Mr. WASliRURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered.
The motion to concur was disagreed to.
Mr. Rlalvj:'s motion was then agreed to.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
last taken; mid also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
3> I i3 Q U A L11' 10 A TI0 N OK COLOR.
The SPEAKER, also laid before the House
Senate bill No. 62, to remove all disqualification
of color ni canyu.g the mail; which was read a
first and s-prond time.
Mr. ALLEY moved that the bill be put on its
passage.
Mi\ ROSS moved that the House do now ad-
journ.
The motion was disagreed to.
The bill, which was lead, provides that here-
after no person by reason of color shall be dis-
qualified from employment in carrying the mnih,
and that till acts and ports of acts establishing
such disqualification, Chpecmlfy the seventh sec-
tion of ifie act of March 3,18^5, shall lie repealed.
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker, L will merely state
that this is the repeal of an old jaw for which
repeal petitions have been sent from all parts of
the country, it has passed the Senate almost
unanimously, and was considered by the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads informally,
and agreed to, and I was directed, as its chair-
man, to move that il be put on its passage when
it was reached.
Mr. KINCK. I want to state, as one member
of the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, that the bill did not icceive my concur-
rence.
Mr. ALLEY. I did not say that it had re-
ceived the unanimous concurrence of the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads. 1 now
demand the previous question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes GO,
f noa 1.3; no quorum voting.
j Mr. STILES. I move that the House do now
! at!imuin.
i Tinne beihir, on a,division on the question—
: aye.; 46, noes 'U),
! Mr. ANCONA called for tillers.
j Teileis were ordered; and Mr. Ancona and
j Mr. Allv.y were appointed.
The House divided; and the teliers reported-
ayes 57, noes 4G.
So the motion was agreed to.
And thereupon (at lour o'clock and twenty,
minutes, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, Febrtiary 3, 1S65.
Prayer by Rev. B. H. Nadal, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE 2TR0M TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the following bills, in
which it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 728) to pay to each of the
surviving soldiers of the Revolution, five in num-
ber, whose names are on tho pension rolls, $(300
annually as a gratuity,in addition to the pension
now paid them; and
A bill (II. R. No. 322) to construct a ship-
canal for the passage of armed and naval vessels
from the Mississippi river to Lake Michigan, and
for other purposes.
Tiie message also announced that the House
had passed without amendment the bill (S. No.
225) for the relief of certain friendly Indians of
the Sioux nation in Minnesota, and a bill (S.No.
234) for the relief of Louis Roberfs.
The message further announced that the House
had concurred in the amendment of the Senate
to the bill (II. R. No. 644) to extend to certain
persons in the employ of the Government the
benefits of the Asylum for the Insane in the Dis-
trict of Columbia; and in the resolution of the
Senate for a joint inquiry by the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds of the two Houses
into the origin of the fire at the Smithsonian In-
stitution on the 24th of January.
The message also announced that the House
non-concurred in the amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 621) making appropriations
for the support of the Military Academy for the
year ending the 30th of June, 18(56, insisted on
its non-concurrence, and usked for a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and
appointed Messis. J. G. Blaine of Maine, R.
Mallory of Kentucky, and G. S. Orth of In-
diana, managers on its part.
The message also announced that the House
non-concurred in the amendment of the Senate to
the bill (IX. R,. No. 709) to supply deficiencies in
tho appropriations for the service of the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1865, insisted on
Us non-concurrence, and asked for a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and
had appointed Messrs. T. Ste\ens of Pennsyl-
vania, G. H. Pendleton of Ohio, and J.S. Mor-
rill of Vermont, managers at the conference on
ns part.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a communication from the Secretary of War
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution of
tho Senate of January 12, 18G3, a statement of
the amounts paid by that Depaitment for attor-
ney and counsel fees during the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1864, and from that period to Janu-
ary 1, 3865.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe there are now
responses from all the Secretaries to that resolu-
tion, but I am not quite suie.
Mr. GRIMES. Is there one from the Attor-
ney Grnernl ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not certain whether
there is or not. I desire to move to pi int all these
communications as soon as there ate lesponses
from all the heads of Departments.
Mr. GRIMES. Was the Attorney General
included in tin* resolution?
Mr. TRUMBULL. He was included in the
resolution, if they are not all m, I move that
this communication he on the table.
Tho motion was agreed to.
HO Us IS BILLS KEFEIUtED.
Tho hill (il. R. No. 7:JS) to pay to each of the
surviving soldn-is of the U( \olution, five m num-
ber, whose ;Kimc;j are on the pension roih-s, $300
annually as a gratuity, in addition lo the pension
now allowed them, was read uvn-c by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
