1338
THE COKGEESSIO^AL GLOBE.
March 3,
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 3, 1865.
Prayer by Rev. Thomas Bowman, D. D., Chap*
Iain to the Senate.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal was
dispensed with,
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. HOWARD. If it be in order, I move to
take up the bill which was under consideration
when we adjourned last night.
Mr. GRIMES. This is the last opportunity
we shall have to present petitions and reports.
Mr. CLARK. I desire that the rules may be
observed, and petitions and Reports be allowed to
be presented, as this is the last morning we shall
have to do so.
Mr. HOWARD. I withdraw the motion.
SENATE CONTINGENT FUND.
The VICE PRESIDENT Jaid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of the Senate, com-
municating, in obedience to law, a detailed state-
ment of the payments from the contingent fund
of the Senate for the year ending December 5,
1864; which was ordered to lie on the table, and
be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. GRIMES presented a petition of William
Reynolds,commander United StatesNavy,on the
reserved list, praying to be restored to his former
position on the active list, having been retired,as
is alleged, solely on account of physical disabil-
ity which is now removed; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. BUCK.ALEW presented a petition of
Daniel McHenry, of Pennsylvania, praying that
the circumstances of his arrest and imprisonment
in the month of August, 1864, may be investi-
gated, and that those causing it may be exposed
and punished, and lie be paid the expenses in-
curred by him in his defense b_efore a military
commission; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. DIXON presented a petition of Edward
St. Clair Clarke, acting assistant paymaster Uni-
ted States Navy, praying to be relieved from all
liability for certain public money alleged to have
been stolen from him in May, 1863, on board the
United States steamer Sumter, then lying at the
Brooklyn navy-yard; winch was ordered to lie
on the table.
BEPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom were referred the following bills,
reported them severally without amendment:
A bill (II. R No. 535) further to regulate the
appomtmentofadmirals and for the appointment
of certain volunteer officers to the regular Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 801) to amend certain acts
relating to the naval service, and for other pur-
poses; and
A bill (H. R. No. 803) to revive in part the act
appioved March 3, 1857, making appropriations
for the naval service for the year ending 30th of
June, 1858.
Mr. GRIMES. These bills ought to pass, but
in the pie&suie of business that is now upon us
i do not feel it incumbent upon me to call them up.
The VICEPRESIDENT. They will go upon
the Calend? \ *
Mr. GRIMES,from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom were referred the following bill
and joint resolutions, asked to be discharged from
their further consideration; which was agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 466) to amend an act to amend
an act entitled "An act to promote the efficiency
of the Navy,"approved January 16, 1857, and an
actamendatory (hereof, approved March 3,1859;
A joint resolution (S. 11. No. 80) in relation to
the distitbution of pnze money; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 128) providing
for the appointment of acommission to locate one
or more navy-yards and depots on the northwest-
ern lakes.
tie also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred resolutions of the Legislature of
Michigan, in favorof the establishment of a gen-
eiai navai -recruiting office at Detroit m that State;
the memorial of the Legislatures^ Wisconsin, in
favorof the establishmentof a naval depotat Mil-
waukee, in that State; the memorial of the Board
ofTradeof the city of Racine, Wisconsin, pray-
ing for the location of a naval depot at that place;
the memorial of citizens of the city of Sandusky,
Ohio, praying for the location of a naval depot at
Johnson's Island, in Sandusky bay ; the petition
of citizens of Detroit, Michigan, praying for the
establishment of a navy-yard at that place; the
petition of professors of mathematics in the
Navy, praying for an increase of pay; the me-
memorial of officers of the United States war
steamer Sumter, praying for payment for cloth-
ing lost by fhe sinkingof that vessel; the petition
of officers and survivors of United States monitor
Tecumseh and of the United States steamer Phi-
lippi, praying for paymen^ for loss of clothing
occasioned by the sinking -of those vessels; the
memoiialof Edward McDonald Reynolds; the
petition of acting assistant paymasters attached
to the Mississippi squadron, praying for an in-
crease of pay; the papers relating to the claim of
Philip Landsdale; and the report of the Board of
Visitors to the United States Naval Academy for
the year 1864, asked to be discharged from their
further consideration; which was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom were referred a petition
of masters m the Navy, not in the line of promo-
tion, and attached to navy-yards, praying to be
placed on the same footing with masters at sea,
and a petition of Charles Murray, paymaster Uni-
ted States Navy, praying for additional compen-
sation while serving at Mare Island, California,
asked to be discharged from their further consid-
eration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the Committee on Public Lands,
to whom was referied the memorial of the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin, in favor of a grant of land
to aid in the construction of a canal from Stur-
geon bay to Lake Michigan, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. W1LLEY, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred a petition of Eaton
& Gage, contractors with the Navy Department,
asked to be discharged from its further consider-
ation; which was agreed to.
Mr.*CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the joint resolution (H.
R. No. 150) to refer the claim of Selmar Seibert
back to the Court of Claims, reported it with an
amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred the following
bills and joint resolution, asked to be discharged
from their consideration; which was agreed to:
A bill (S. No. 372) allowing mileage to the
Justices of the Supreme Court of the United
States;
A bill (S. No. 397) in relation to the rights of
mairied women in the Distuct of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 401) to amend the judicial sys-
tem of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 137) to exclude disloyal persons.,
from the public lands of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 440) to define the jurisdiction of
the district and circuit courts of the United States
for the districts of California, Oregon, and Ne-
vada;
A bill (S. No. 461) to amend the judicial sys-
tem of the United States;
A bill (S. No. 474) to establish a commission
of claims at Knoxviile, in the State of Tennessee;
A bill (H. R. No. 284) to prevent the selling
and circulation of counteifeit coin, and of coun-
terfeit and altered Tieasury notes, and postal cur-
rency;
A bill (H. R. No. 631) to provide for holding
courts in the western district of Missouri, and to
prescribe the terms theieof;
A bill (H. R. No. 638) to facilitate judicial pro-
ceedings oti writs of error and appeal;
A bill (H. R. No. 641) to provide for another
term of the circuit couit of the United States for
the district of Arkansas, and for other purposes;
and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 104) for the re-
turn of Atkansas to ihe Union.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
wasfc referred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 46)
reiaungto the accountof B. C. Whiting,reported
it without amendment.
BALTIMORE AND OIIIO RAILROAD.
Mr. BUCICALEW submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to re-
port to the Senate the amount of money paid by the War
Department fiom the 1st day of March, 1831. to the l>t day
of March, 1855, to the Baltimore and Ohio railroad for the
transportation of troops, munitions of war, or any other
purpose, between the city of Baltimore and the city of
Washington, stating particularly the amount per passenger,
and freight per ton, and statin}? especially whether he has
in any case paid to the said road higher rates than the rates
agreed in 1861 to be paid by the Department to all the rail-
roads of tiie country.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSK.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mir. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolutions of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 70) to enable the accounting of-
ficers of the Treasury to settle the claim of the
State of Kansas;
A bill (S. No. 311) for the relief of W. H. &
C. S. Duncan;
A bill (S. No. 318) authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to lease or sell certain property of
the United States situated at Bath,in the State of
Maine;
A bill (S. No. 370) to amend an act entitled
" An act to provide for the better organization of
Indian affairs in California;"
A bill (S. No. 387) amendatory of an act to
amend an act entitled " An act to promote the
progress of the useful arts," approved March 3,
1863;
A bill (S. No. 411) to amend an act entitled
" An act to incorporate the Metropolitan Railroad,
in the District of Columbia;"
A bill (S. No. 412) for the relief of Benjamin
Vreeland, surgeon in the Navy of the United
States;
A bill (S. No. 450) for the relief of Samuel L.
Gerouid;
A bill (S. No. 451) to incorporate the Colored
Union Benevolent Association;
A bill (S. No. 452) to incorporate the Capitol
Hotel Company, in Washington city, District of
Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 463) to amend an act entitled
" An act to amend an act entitled * An act making
a grant of alternate sections of public lands to the
State of Michigan, to aid in the construction of
certain railroads in said State, and for other pur-
poses;' "
* A bill (S. No. 468) supplemental to an act en-
titled u An act to amend the several acts respecting
copy light," approved February 3,1831,and to the
acts in addition thereto and amendment thereof;
A bill (S. No. 476) to provide for a chief of
staff to the Lieutenant Geneial commanding the
armies of the United States;
JtC bill (S. No. 478) m relation to the Naval Ob-
servatory;
y A bill (S. No. 479) to incorporate a national
military and naval asylum for the relief of the to-
tally disabled officers and men of the volunteer
force of the United States;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 41) for the relief
of Garrett R. Barry, a paymaster in the United
States Navy;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 90) to authorize
and direct an inventory ofartielesin the quarter-
masters' depots of the United States, and in the
possession of the navai storekeepers of the United
States;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 105) respecting
the publication of the papers of James Madison;
A jomtresolution (S. R. No. Ill) to encourage
the employment of disabled and discharged sol-
diers;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 122) relating to
international exhibitions at Bergen, in Noiway,
and Oporto, in Portugal, during the summer of
1865;
_ A joint resolution (S. R. No. 123) to extend the
time for constructing the Bui iin^ton and Missouri
River lailroad, in Iowa, and filing a map of re-
location;
A joint resolution (S. R No. 125) tmnsferring
maps antf other documents ielating to the sui veys
of the Pacific railroad to the Derailment of the
Interior; and
A joint resolution (S, R. No, 128) authorizing
