1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
573
Sec. 4. And he it further cnactcd, That an) officer who '
shah miMer into lite military oi unva! sci vice of the United \
States any dei-eiUi irom Mid seivice, oi infant peison, or j
person in a condition ol intoxication, know ins? imn to he i
such, thaiJ, upon conviction by any court m-uual or mih- >
lary commission, be dishonoiably dismissed the &eivieo of j
tiie (Jmted States I
cftc. 5. And be it fitithcr cnacted, That all State and |
local bouutic-s liorcaiti'i to he p ml to any volunteer orsub-
Mitute Uj>on entiy into ihe nuiitaiyor naval service of the
United states fiiail be paid in installments, as follows : one
tlm <J at the time ot the niu-tei inio MMVice of such voiun-
teei or substitute ; one llind at the expnauon or half the
term ot service : and one thud at the expiration of the term
of such seivice, unless sooner dischaiged by reason ot
wounds received in battle. And in cum* ol his death whiie
]ii seivice, ihe lesiduo ol his bounty unpaid shall be paid
to his widow, if he shall have leita" widow; it not, to his
ciithhen, or, it' there be none, to his mother, if she be a
widow.
sjkc. G. And be it further enaded, That the remainder of
the term of service ot any person who shall hereaiier enter
the military or naval seivice asavolunteei oi dialled man,
and shall desert therefrom, or he discharged by reason ot
physical di-ability. exisuii«r prior to such eutiy into service,
shall be added to the amount of service due lioni tlx- dis-
trict to which such voiumeei or dialled man shall have been
credited, and the -ame shall be tilled up lioni such di-tnct
by enlistment or draft.
Sec. 7. And f>c it jurthcr cnacted, That, in addition to
the inher lawlul penalties ol the ciune of desoition lioni
the imhtaiy or naval service, ail persons who have de-
serted the military or naval seivice ot the (Jtntcd States,
whosiiali not ietui'i to sa'd service oi report tliein-elves to
n piovosi maiMial within sixty days alter the pa>-.ai <; of
this act, shall he deemed and taken to have voluntanly le-
hnquished and forfeited their i i^lits ot citizenc-hip, and their
rights to become citizens; and sticli deseitera shall he lor-
ever incapable of holding any otliee of ti u-t or piotjt undei
the United States, or or exeieising any oi the i mhts ol cit-
izens thereof, and all per-ons who shall heteatier deceit
the militaiy or naval service shall be liable to the penalties
of this section.
Sec. Aud be it farther cnacted, That the President
S<5 heif.'by auLhoi ized and lequned ioithwith. on the pas-
sage ot thi- act, to i-sue his pmclamatiou setting forth the
piovisionsot the piecediug section.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will appeal to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to allow this bill lo be
made the special order of the day for to-nionow
at tins hour, it will not delay it much. I do not
know how it is with other Seuatois, but the
pendency of this measure had escaped my ob-
servation, and it is a subject m which the coun-
try feels a very sensitive interest.
Mr. WILSON. 1 have called it up this morn-
ing by tho consent of the Senator from Illinois,
with the understanding that it should notdisplace
his measute; and I am willing, having called the
attention of the Senate to the bill, lo let it go over
until to-morrow, m the hope that we shall then
take it up and act upon it and finish it.
Mr. kl KN D1UCK-S. I am much obliged to
the Senator.
Mr. WILSON". I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
BRIDGE ACRObS THE 011X0 RIVER.
Mr. POWELL I move to postpone all pend-
ing and pnor mder<! for the purpose of taking
up Senate bill No. 392, supplementary to an act
approved July 14, 1662,entitled l|An act to estab-
lish certain post loads." The object of the bill is
to authorize the construction of a railway bridge
across the Ohio uver at the falls. My object m
desiring to take up the bill now is to make it the
special order lor M on day next at one o 'clock. 1
do not wish to press its consideration to-day.
The motion to take up the bill was agieed to.
Mr. POWELL. I now move that its further
consideration be postponed to and made the spe-
cial order of the day for Monday next at one
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to by a two-thiros vote.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 desire to make another
bill for another bridge across the Ohio tiver the
sptcial or dcr of the diiy at tho same time with the
one mentioned by the S'Miaior horn Kentucky.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Will the Senator
indicate the bill ?
Mr. COLLAMER. It is Senate bill No. 413,
which 1 reported this morning, to establish acei-
tdin post road, to authorize tlie consiiuetion of
the Covington and Cincinnati btid^e. I move to
take up that bill v-1t-h u view ot making it the spe-
cial order fur Monday also.
Tile motion was agreed lo.
Mr. COLLAMER. I now move that its fur-
tliei consideration be postponed to and made the
special order of the day for Monday next at one
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
METROPOLITAN RAILROAD.
Mr. DIXON. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of Senate btll No. 411, to
amend an act entitled " An act to incorporate the
Metropolitan Railroad Company in the District
of Columbia." 1 think it will take but a few mo-
ments to consider it.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, it proposes to amend the act to in-
corporate the Metropolitan Railroad Company in
the District of Columbia, approved July 1, 1864,
in the first section by striking out all after the
words "along H street north to Seventeenth street
west, intersecting the double-track road," and in-
set ting:
Also .i double orsingle-tiack railway, commencing at the
intcisccuon of 1) Miect uoiih and Pom-and a-hali sueot
west, alom; Four-and-a-hall sUeetwest to the gate ol the
nrsenal ; <U -.oa double oi cingle-u<ick btaneh lailway, eom-
•menenur at the intersection ol' Ninth street \ve-l and the
Washington canal, along Ninth stieet west lo M Miect
north, along M siieet ninth to Tweuth stieet west, and
along Tv\"liil) blieet west to the Washington canal and
Mainland avenue to the Potomac rivei; also a double oi
Miigle-tKU'k bianch i.nlway, commencing attlieintei-.ee-
tiou ot' Massuehu -ctta a\enue and il sticet noith, along
iMat-t-aehu.-eu-. avenue to K sheet noith, along K Mieei
noi th to the Uncle, SMIh the puvilege ol extending the said
Inanch load atany time alon<r i\ Miect noi ill to Rock eicek,
aeio.-- the hi ult*<> ovei Rock cieek to Watci >-tteet, Creoige-
low ti, along \\ <Uei Mieet in Geoigetown to Montgonieiy
stieet, along .Mont^omeiy .-treel to Gay s-tteef, and along
Ga\ slrcet and F11--I slitet to l\ijeltc street, Ge« geto\v 11,
uuh tiie piivdene 01' eMeiuhng .it any tune the road now
in opeiaiion hoin Seventeenth --ueet we--t to the Capitol,
I'loni tlx- [ire>ent tetmnm- ol >ai<i load on A t-neet noith,
alonu' A {.licet north to Fu.-t stieet ea-t, alons Fu.-.l t.neet
ea-t in Ca--t ('.ip.tol street,along Cast Capitol ?.ueet to Ninth
s-treet ea-t, along Ninth siieet ea-i to L slieiit souih, with
the light lo nm"public carnage-* llicieon, diawn by lioi^e
powei. lec-eiving theielor a iaie ot'lare nor exeecdnii? eiglit
cenls per p.f-seiigei, loi any distance between the tenniiii
ol eitliei 01 ^ics.ud main iail\\ajs,oi between the leintim
ttl miiI biaiu h 1 ail \va\ or b"tw eeii either tei in mil- (J I f.iul
in tin laihvas and (he km minus ol eitliei ot snd bi.ineli iail-
wa\ ^ . J'londed^ That the use and maintenance ot ihesaid
load -hall be--ulijeeuo the municipal leyulauonsol the city
01 W:i-hnigtou wiinm it^ coijjouue umitb.
'I'h'' stcond section proposes to amend section
eight of the act of incorporation, by sti iktn^ out
the wolds <! live hundied thousand dollars."
The third section ptoposes to amend secnon
seventeen of the act of incorpoiation so as to allow
the corporation tin ce yeais from the date of the
approval of this bill in which to complete the rail-
ways herein described and those described in the
act to which it is an amendment.
The (mu th section pt oposes to amend the twen-
ty-second .section of the act of incorpoiation by
sti ikingout the words 44 at the rale ot twenty-five
for one dollar."
Tiie fust amendment of the Committee on the.
Disiactof Columbia was 111 hue twenty-five of
section one to strike out " Montgomery siieet"
m each place where it occuis,and insert44 Green
street."
The amendment was agiced to.
The next amend men t was m lines three and four
of section two, to insert. " $1>UOO,UUQ" as the cap-
ital stock of the company.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add the following
nroviso to section two:
Pint ided. That the director-; of said TMotiopolitan IUtil-
load Company shall have powei lo lequire the Mib-citliera
to the capital sjoeU to pay the 'iinouni by them re-pet tivtly
t ith eiib.-d .it suHi tune" in Mieb manner, and in such 111-
-tal I incuts as ihey ma\ dei minopei; and t! anysiockholders
>hal! relii-se or neglect t > pa\ anv ue-tallmonts, as iccpnied
b\ a resolution ol the hoaid ol dnot lois-, allei re;i-onable
notice of the same, the said boaul of dn«'cloi-> m.iy loileit
said stock and all previous payments theieou lorthe use of
s,ud corpoiauon, under such C'-neial i eyulauons .is may he
adopted in the by laws ot said ernponmon, oi may-m* for
aim collect 1 lie -.itne in any court ot competent jurisdiction.
Mr. FARWELL. I do not know that I un-
derstand that ptopostUoneniirely, but it seems to
me to be rathet a harsh measure, if! understand
it unght, a man may pay in three touiths ot the
amount of Ins stock, and if he fails to pay the
balance it is ail lost, i suggest to the chairman
ol the committee that theie should be a provision
that it mi^ht bo sold.
Air. DIXON. This provision is one that has
been customary m other acts of incorporation, but
it happened to be omitted in tins chaiter, 1 sup-
pose by accident.
Mr. CONFESS. Let the amendment be read
again.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. This is an extraordinary
provision. The managementof the corporation,
with a provision of that kind could, to use a
common phrase, squeeze out whom they pleased.
I never saw such a provision in any charter. It
may be contained in some laws providing for the
organization of companies, but the general and
more common and equitable rule is that delin-
quent stockholders shall be subject to have their
stock sold; that upon public notice of the delin-
quency to the stockholders, and a time fixed
within which they shall be required to pay> if
then the assessments shall remain unpaid, as
many shares of the stock shall be sola as will
pay the assessment due, not the entire stock
sacrificed.
The provision is objectionable and obnoxious
in another sense, that you deprive a man of his
property without giving him his day in court,
without giving him an opportunity to appear, I
have no amendment prepared to meet the case,,
but it is clear that the piovision as it is should
not pass. It is investing the management of the
corporation with the power to induce parties to
take stock, and then confiscate it almost at their
pleasute.
Mr. DIXON. I have no objection to any
amendment which shall carry out the views of
the Senator from California, providing for the sale
of the stock. It will amount in fact to the same
thing. This is not such a great wrong as the
Senator supposes. A man subscribes for stodk;
he declines to pay for it; he dechncs to pay his
installments. It is not very uncommon to say in
such cases that the stock shall be forfeited, if it
is not valuable enough for the owner to pay the
installments on it, of course it cannot be worth a
groat deal. In such a case, all he has to do is to
pay his installments and redeem his stock. But
at the same time I am perfectly satisfied with an
amendment which the Senator may propose, pro-
wding for a sale of the stock on public notice.
Suppose we make the clause read thus:
Il any sioeMioldei sdmll iefu.se or wizlect to pay any
installment as lerpuied by a ic.soiution of the boaid ot di-
leetoi-., alter leasonable notice of the .«ame, the t-aid board
oi'du eetors may sell .said stock at public auction alter giving
due notice.
Would that ss>tisfy the Senator?
Mr. CONNESS. Even that would not be
enough, it is impossible to improvise here an
amendment providing the necessary conditions.
The stock should not only be required to be sold
at auction, but no gieatcr part of the delinquent
stock should be sold than was necessary to pay
the assessment due.
Mr. DIXON. Of course that would follow.
Mr. COYNESS. That would not follow un-
Io.^b it was provided for. It is the business of the
committee to repmt these condntions, and not of
Senators to improvise important amendments like
this at their desks; indeed it cannot be done. I
would suggest, as has been suggested by a Sena-
tor on my right, that astockholder may have paid
his assessments to the extent of two thirds of the
amount required for full payment of the stock,
ami then he may die, and it will be m the power
| of tho company to confiscate that stock and de-
i stroy the property of his heirs and his successors
; in it. In the State where I live these provisions
are always contained in and required by the gen-"
era! corpoiaMon laws of the State.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator will see that notice
is already required. The provision is that after
refusal to pay the installments as requited by the
board of directors, after reasonable notice of the
snmo, the board may forfeit the stock. If the
Senator will consent that the other amendments
shall be proceeded with, I think that I can in
a moment draw an amendment which will suit
him on this point. I,et this amendment be passed
over informally for that purpose.
The VICE PIlESiDENT. The amendment
will be passed over for the present.
The next amendment was to add to the fifth
section the woids " at the rate of sixteen for the
dollar," so as to make the section read:
That th" twenty-second section he, and hereby is,
aim uded ! <• Milking out the words-ot the rate of tvventy-
hve for one dollaiand liiaOituig the words £<ut the rate
ot .sixteen Jor the dolku."
The umetvlmuiH was agreed to."*
Mr. DIXON. Now let the bill be laid aside
informally that I may prepare the amendment to
which i refeired.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That will be done.
