1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1339
the acceptance of a sword of honor from the Gov-
ernment of Great Britain by Captain Henry S.
Sieitwagen, of the United States Navy.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the amendments of the Senate to the
following bills of the House:
A biil (H. R. No. 454) granting'a pension to
Thomas Bootle;
A bill (H. R. No. 567) granting a pension to
Elizabeth B. Lcppien;
A bid (II. R. No. C05) to increase the pay of
midshipmen and others;
A bill (H. R. No. 756) supplementary to the
several acts relating to pensions; and
_ A bill ( HL R. No. 764) to incorporate the Con-
tinental Hotel Company of the city of Washing-
ton.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the bill of the Senate (S. No, 171)
for the collection of direct taxes in the insurrec-
tionary districts within the United States, and
for other purposes, approved June 7, 1862, with
amendments, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the House
had receded from its first amendment to the bill
of the Senate (S. No. 389) relating; to clerkships
in the Post Office Department, disagreed to by
the Senate.
The message further announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 703) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act to provide a national currency se-
cured by a pledge of United States bonds, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption there-
of;" and
A bill (H. R. No. 786) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1866, and for
other purposes.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 682)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes for the year ending 30th June, 1866,
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
Kasson, Mr. McBRii*e,and Mr. Eldridgjs, man-
agers at the same on its part.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House (H. R. No. 683)
making appropriations for the current and con-
tingent expenses of the Indian department, and
for fulfilling treaty stipulations with various In-
dian tribes for the year ending 30th June, 1866;
and
On motion ofMr. DOOLITTLE, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendments to
tlto said bill disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
and agree to the conference asked by the House on the
disagieemg voles of the two Houses thereon.
Onlci c<t, That the confeiees on the part of the Senate be
appointed by the Vice President.
• The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Doo-
little, Mr. Harlan, and Mr. Conness.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally read twice by their titles
and referred to the Committee on Finance:
A bill (H. R. No. 703) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to provide a national currency se-
cured by a pledge of United States bonds, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption there-
of;" and
A bill (H. R. No. 786) making appropriations
for sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1866, and for
other purposes.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. DIXON. I notice that in the Chronicle
and Intelligencer this morning I am recorded as
not voting on the question to tax the State banks
ten percent, after a certain date. 1 wish to in-
quire'of the Secretary whether that is according
to the Journal. If so, I desire the Journal to be
corrected. I voted on that question. I voted in
the affirmative, that is, against the proposition to
tax the bunks.
# The VICE PRESIDENT. It will take a little
time to ascertain how the matter stands on the
Journal, but if the Senator's name is not found
recorded in the affirmative it will be so placed.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask if the committee
of conference on the part of the Senate have been
appointed on the tax bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They have been.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to be released from
service on that committee, and that some one else
be appointed. I will state that I left the Chamber
at a late hour last night, and the conference com-
mittee was afterward appointed, and they are
now acting. I had no notice of the conference,
and therefore I do not wish my name to appear
among the conferees. 1 hope the Senate will re-
lieve me from the duty. I did not get notice until
nearly an hour after the conference committee had
met.
Mr. GRIMES. Have the committee acted ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I know nothing about it.
I received no notice until nearly an hour after the
conferees met, and, as a matter of course, I can
take no part in their deliberations.
Mr. CONNESS. What does the Senator de-
sire to do?
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply wish to be dis-
charged from service on the conference committee
on the tax bill, because I had no notice at the
time. It was probably on account of the fact that
I left the Chamber last night at eleven o'clock,
and the committee of conference was appointed
after I left.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to inquire
whether th.e committee have met and acted?
Mr. SHERMAN. They are holding a meet-
ing now.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I hope the Senator
will remain on the committee.
Mr. COLLAM ER. I think there is no neces-
sity for any action on the matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on excusing the Senator from Ohio from service
on the committee of conference.
Mr. COLLAM ER. That will only create diffi-
culty in appointing somebody else.
Mr. CONNESS. There is nobody else who
can fill the Senator's place on that committee.
The question being put, the Senate refused to
excuse Mr. Sherman from service on the com-
mittee.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the post road bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (II. R. No. 774) to establish certain post
roads.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to take the shortest
course possible m considering the bill, and as it is
a mere matter of description of routes, it is usual
to dispense with the reading of the bill and also
the amendments to it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reading of the
bill will be dispensed with, if there be no objec-
tion.
Mr. COLLAMER. The committee have re-
ported several amendments to the bill. It is not
usual to take up time by reading them. As they
are mere descriptions of places they are generally
adopted without reading.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The readirtgof the
amendments will be dispensed with if there be no
objection.
Mr. COLLAMER. Before they are adopted
I wish to make some slight verbal alterations in
them. On page 1, line fourteen, "Jacob R."
should be " Jacob K.;" so as to read:
From Carthage, m Hancock county, via Jacob K. Ja-
cob'n store, Durham, and McQueen's null, to Buthngton,
Iowa.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That change will
be made.
Mr. COLLAMER. The clause on page 5, lines
ninety-two and ninety-three should be stricken
out. It is the clause:
Fiom Newborn, Brown county, to Redwood Falls, Red.
wood county.
That provision is contained in another part of
the bill, and I desire that that should be stricken
out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be stricken
out, if there be no objection.
Mr. COLLAMER. On page 8, line one hun-
dred and sixty-five, the word " Pittsford" should,
be changed to " Pittsfield."
The VICE PRESIDENT. That change will
be made.
Mr. COLLAMER. I now move that the com-
mittee's amendments be adopted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer the following amend-
ment to come in under the head of Ohio:
From Hamilton, in the Slate of Ohio, by way of MilJ-
ville, Bunker Hill, and Riley, Ohio, to Springfield, in the
State of Indiana.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. Are there any post routes
in the bill for Maryland?
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 believe not.
Mr. JOHNSON. Then I propose to amend the
bill by inserting between " Maine" and " Michi-
gan," on the 4th page, the following:
Maiyland:
From Butler Post Office to Mantua Mills, Baltimore
county, Maryland.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW, I offer an amendmentfor
several routes in Pennsylvania, to come in under
the head of Pennsylvania:
Fiom Emlington, Venango county, to Shippensvitle,
Olaiion county.
From Rock Island, Venango county, via Grcenboro to
JLatuna, in said county.
From Coilmsburg, Clarion county, via Greonboro, Ve-
nango county.
Fiom Greenville, Clarion county, to Herr's store, in said
county.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. On page 4, after line seventy-
two, I move to insert:
From Bel ford, thiough Waldo, Brooks, Knox, Thorn-
dike, Unity, unit Benton, to Fairfield.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.CONNESS. On page l,lineseven,I move
to strike out the woids " Watsonville to," and
to insert after "Monterey" the words, " via
Watsonville to San Francisco," so that it will
read:
From Monterey, via Watsonville, to San Francisco.
At the suggestion of the chairman of the com-
mittee 1 will withdraw that amendment and offer
the following:
From Virginia City, in Nevada, by Crystal Peak, via Din-
ner Luke, Summit VaJJey, and Dutch Fiat, to Saciainenlo.
Mr. COLLAMER. There is no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 also offer the following
amendment:
Fiom Muiphy's, via Big Trees, Silver Vulley, to the
mountains ; thence via Mount Bairen, Markviile,Carrier's
Mills, to Genoa, in the Statu of Nevada.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I now move to strike out line
seven, on page 1:
From Watsonville to Monterey.
That is included in one of the amendments that
I have sent up.
The amendment was agreed to.
The biil was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following amend-
ment, to be inserted as a new section:
jJiulbc it further enactcd, That every railroad company
In the United Stales whose road is operated by strain,its
successors and assigns, be, and is hereby, authorized to carry
upon and over its road, connections, bouts, budges, and
ferries, all Height, propelty, mails, pas^cngeis, troop-*, and
Government supplies!, or either, (ioni any State to another
■State, and to receive compensation therefor.
Mr. COLLAMER. That is the case of the
New Jersey railroads. I do not propose to enter
into the discussion of the merits of the proposi-
tion. I will merely say if it is found so weak
that it cannot carry itself, I do not see why it
should be put as a ruler and an incubus upon this
post route bill, which is usually passed as a mat-
ter of course. All railroads are already post roads
by a general law. The amendment has no con-
nection with this bill; has nothing to do with it;
and I therefore object to its being put on the bill
as a uder in this way. I take it that it will give
rise to a great deal of discussion. I know that
it will do so if it is received at all, and I hardly
