1340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
know how tn avoid that discussion upon its merits
when it is presented here in this way.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the honorable Senator
will allow me, this is the same amendment that
was offered last night to the appropriation bill,
and we took a vote without discussion. If the
vote is now taken upon it and itisadopted,itthen
can be considered and debated in the Senate, or
the bill defeated.
Mr. SUMNER. It was offered last night on
a bill to which perhaps it was not germane. It
is absolutely germane to the present bill. The
Senator says it is tiie Camden and Amboy rail-
road bill. Sir, it is a bill to carry freedom of
commerce on all the railroads among the States;
and its first and special effect is to overthrow ail
odious monopoly which now undertakes to inter-
fere with the railroad travel on the great highway
' between New York and Washington. That rail-
road company is Apollyon; every traveler is
Christian; and the simple question is whether
Senators will vote for Apollyon or vote for Chris-
tian.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not care to sit here and
let that be repeated many times by the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts. It is not exactly
a question of Christian and Apollyon, as I know
of, particulaily. I havegiven thisquestion some
little consideration, and am ready to discuss it.
1 have considered attentively the argument of
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts,and,
with all respect to him, I do not think it unan-
swerable; and if I thought now was the proper
time I should be quite willing to enter upon the
discussion of this question. The honorable Sen-
ator cannot suppose for a momentthat this meas-
ure is to pass on a bill of this description without
discussion. Nobody knows better than that hon-
orable Senator that now is not the hour to enter
on such a discussion as that. To enter upon it
necessarily postpones to the end of this session
the bills which are necessary to be passed.
Now, sir, I am opposed to this proposition,
and as strongly opposed to it as it is possible for
me to be opposed to any measure that by any
possibility could be brought before the Senate for
Its action; and that upon principles as infinitely
superior to those which can be involved in the mere
question or epithets of " monopoly," " usurpa-
tion," " State pretension," and all that, as it is
possible to conceive.
Mr. COLLAMER. I suggest to the gentle-
man^toailowthe vote to be taken and see whether
the Senate will put this proposition oil this bill,
and if they do then it can be discussed on the
passage of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I know that; and I am not
going to occupy the attention of the Senate more
than to say that after I have once or twice taken
the floor with adisposition to argue this question,
I do not feel it is quite the thing for my honorable
(riend from Massachusetts to put me in the atti-
tude of supporting a monopoly, favoring a State
pretension and usurpation. Sir, confessedly no
higher question than this has ever occupied the
attention of the American Senate. I undertake
to say that this question lies at the distinction
which has obtained from the foundations of this
Government, and which is fundamental, between
the powers which are delegated to the Govern-
ment of the United States and those which are
expressly retained to the Ameiican people as
their reserved rights. Whenever the question
comes before this Senate in the way to be dis-
cussed, I will undertake to demonstrate that the
assumpiion of authority here annihilates the dis-
tinctions between the delegated powers of your
Government and those which are, under the Con-
siitution, expressly reserved to the people; and
when 1 enter on that discussion 1 am not to be
told that I advocate a monopoly, or that I am in
favor of a State pretension. Sir, 1 am in favor of
the pretensions of the people under that provision
of the Constitution whichreserves to them all the
rights which are not expressly delegated in the
Constitution for the purposes of a General Gov-
ernment. That is the question here; and I would
not have taken this occasion to say a word if my
iioiioiable fiiend had not thought proper now at
this late day,unanswered as his speech on a for-
When 1 pioposeto discuss a question of this sort
I do not care to be subjected to the imputation of
supporting a monopoly.
Now, in regard to that monopoly, I think there
are some things about it which are not justifiable
at this day. But when the Senator from Massa-
chusetts undertakes to talk about a monopoly in
New Jersey lie should remember that the legis-
lation which characterizes that monopoly char-
acterizes the legislation of his own State as well;
and it is not peculiar to New Jersey. Standing
on the statute-books of Massachusetts is a chap-
ter almost identical in language, certainly identi-
cal in principle, with that which characterizes the
legislation of New Jersey.
Mr. SUMNER. Not undertaking to regulate
commerce among the States.
Mr. MORRILL. Undertaking to do precisely
whatNew Jersey did. What was that? Tosay
that if the citizens of that State would build a
railroad from one point to the other, they should
have the exclusive privilege 
Mr. SUMNER. In the State.
Mr. MORRILL. In the State. Does the hon-
orable Senator, as a lawyer, undertake to draw a
distinction between those two charters, between
the legislation of those two States ? It is identi-
cal in principle and effect; and the supreme court
of that State has sustained it. But I will not en-
ter upon that discussion. It is a monopoly un-
doubtedly, in the sense that every exclusive priv-
ilege is a monopoly; but it is exclusively within
the province of the States; and it has been so
held time and again by the courts in Massachu-
setts, and been so held by the Supreme Court of
the United States, and never has been overruled
in any case, in any State, or in the courts of the
United States.
I am not disposed to be put in the attitude of
defending a monopoly. This monopoly to which
the honorable Senator refers expires by its own
limitation in 1869. If this measure only affected
the monopoly in New Jersey I would not raise
my finger against it. If the honorable Senator
desires to reach the monopoly in New Jersey,
which is the incentive to action here, let him bring
in his bill, and let him strike New Jersey, and
then let New Jersey have her remedy; but when
he brings in a bill here so far-reaching and com-
prehensive in its scope that it strikes down the
fundamental distinction between the rights of the
people reserved to them under the Constitution of
the United States and those powers which are
delegated to the General Government, I stand
here to protest against it. I am not the advocate
of exclusive privilege, not the advocate of monop-
oly, not the advocate, in any obnoxious sense, of
State rights, certainly not the advocate of State
sovereignty in any especial sense, for I repudiate
the whole; but I tell that Senator that when that
good question comes up 1 shall be found stand-
ing on the line which marks the distinction, broad
and deep, between the reserved rights of the
American people in their sovereign capacity, not
as States, but those indestructible rights which
are reserved to them expressly in the Constitu-
tion of the United States and those granted to the
General Government, to say " Thus far, but no
farther." That is my ground.
1 have deemed it necessary to say thus much
for fear that the repeated assumptions of the hon-
orable Senator might put me in the attitude of
standing here to justify in any sense whatever,
what he has been pleased to denominate as a mo-
nopoly.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall now take a
vote if the Senator is through.
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir; I am through for
the present. If the case ends here, I end. If it
conies up in the Senate, I shall discuss it.
Mr. WILSON. 1 hope, pressed as we are to-
day, that we shall not spend any more time on
this subject.
Mr. HALE. I rise to a question of order, and
I object to the amendment on the ground that it is
not relevant to the bill; and I wish that the sense
of the Senate might be taken on that question.
Mr. WILSON. That will take time. I hope
we shall have a vote on the amendment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheChairdeems
the amendment in order.
Mr. HALE. Very well; then I withdraw that
objection.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 6, nays 91; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Nyo, Ramsey, Stewart, Sum-
ner, and Wade—6.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Clark, Collamer, Conness,
Dixon, Farwell, Fo&tei, Ontncs, Hale, Harlan, Harris,
[{owe. Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Morrill, Powell, Sprague,
Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wiliey, and Wilson—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, OarliJp, Cowan,
Davis, DoohttJc, Foot, Harding, Henderson, Hendricks,
Howard, Lane of Kansas, MrDongali, Moigan, Ne-umih,
Fonieroy, Richardson, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sherman, Van
Winkle, Wilkinson, and Wright—23.
So the amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
a third time, and passed.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. CLARK. I move now to proceed to the
consideration of the tariffbill.
Mr. HOWE. £ appeal to the Senator to allow
me to pass a little bill first.
Mr. CLARK. I cannot give way to any ap-
peals. It was understood last evening that this
bill was to come up this morning, and the public
business requires that it should be disposed of.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am opposed to taking
up the tariff bill at this stage of the session, for
what 1 think are very obvious reasons. The bill
comes to this body from the other branch of Con-
gress in the very last hours of the session, and it is
proposed that we shall now take it up and act upon
it. 1 do not think it ought to pass. The modifica-
tion of the tariff jaw used to be considered a very
important piece of legislation. But few Senators
know what will be the effect of this bill. The
Senator from New Hampshire will understand
precisely how it will strike the interests which he
represents in this body; but 1 say itis impossible,
as a western representative in this body, for me
to know thoroughly the effect of this measure
upon the interests which I represent. Under the
circumstances, 1 think the bill ought not to be
urged.
Again, I think there ought to be something
like stability of legislation. Everybody knows
that the immediate effect of a tariff law is to
change prices, to affect the commerce of the coun-
try; and I think we ought to stand by the laws
that are enacted at least for a time, and not amend
them altogether. Therefore I oppose the taking
up of the bill, and think that we ought to proceed
to other measures that h ve been to some extent
considered by the body.
Air, CLARK. The passage of the tax bill
made it necessary to amend the tariff law in a very
few particulars. The bill is a very simple one,
and 1 think is not liable to the objection stated by
the Senator from Indiana. I desire that it may
come before the Senate, and that the Senate may
judsre on the provisions of the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 795) amendatory of certain
acts imposing duties on foreign importations.
Mr. CLARK. I will ask that the amendments
be considered as the reading of the bill proceeds,
in order to save time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That course will
be taken if there be no objection.
The first amendment of the committee was to
strike out all of section one, after the word
"amended,"in line five, in the following words:
In paragraph marked " second," by «trikmg out after the
words "on finer and lighter goods of like description," the
words "exceeding one hundred thread*- and;" and that sec-
tion eighteen of the said act be amended by inserting therein
after the words " raw cotton," in parenthesis the word*
" and raw silk as reeled from the cocoon or not further ad-
vanced than tram, thrown, or organzine."
And to insert in lieu thereof:
So that paragraphs second, third, and fourth, of section
six of paid act >imil read as follows:
2. On all manufactures of cotton, (except jeans, denims,
drillings, bcd-tickmjps, ginghams pl.iids, cottonades, pan-
taloon stuff, and goods of like description,) not bleached,
colored, fetainrd, painted, or printed, and not exceeding
one hundred threads to the square inch, counting the warp
and filling, and exceeding in weigh! five ounces per square
yard, five cents per square yard; if bleached, five cents and a
half |M?r square yard ; if colored, stained, painted, or print-
ed, five cents and a half per square yard, and in addition
thereto ten percent, ad valorem. On finer and lighter goods
of like description, not exceeding two hundred thread* to
the square inch, counting the warp and filling, unbleached,
five cents per square yard ; if bleached, five and a half
cents per square yard; if colored, stained, painted, or
printed, five and a half cents per square yard, and in ad-
dition thereto twenty per cent, atl valorem. On goods of
