676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3.
tion to be adopted or a certain course to be car-
ried, when, of the very soldiers under his com-
mand, some were voting forand some ogainstit,
voting indifferently, following their own inclina-
tions, withoutthe slightest intimation of anopin-
ion or wish to control the action of those men in
that State ?
"At one post the entire vote in the election of February
would be in favor of one candidate, while at another mili-
tary post the larger majority or entire militaiy vote would
be in favor of another."
This shows that there was no concert among
the military commanders of Louisiana coming
from the commander-in-chief of the department
requiring votes to be given or a certain constitu-
tion to be adopted. There was no concert, no
conspiracy, no domination. It is all a false as-
sumption, from beginning to end. { believe there
is no man who knows General Banks that ques-
tions his word for truth and veracity, and his
honor is as'unimpeached and unimpeachable as
that of any gentleman who sits, on tins floor.
General Banks says:
"I desire to state, in the most unqualified terms, that no
effort whatever was made on the paitof the nulitaiy au-
thorities to influence the citizens ol the State, either in
the selection of candi flares or in the election ot officers, and
that the direct influence of the Government of the United
States was less m Louisiana than in the election ptolubly
of any other State of the Union, and that the officers repre
seating the Government, hoth civil and military, were di-
vided so f.ir as they entertained oi expre^ed opinions upon
the question oi candidate* and upon the policy pur&ued in
the organization of the government."
Here is his unqualified declaration of a fact
which he himself, the commander-in-chief of the
department, is the only living man who certainly
knows; and upon his word of honor as a man
and as commander-in-chief of that department,
he avers that there was no influence undertaken
to be exercised by the military authorities to con-
trol or to influence the determination of those
elections. And yet my friend from Ohio [Mr.
Wade] says it is n farce; and the Senator from
Kentucky [Mr. Powell] joins with him, and
says it is a military dictation and a military usur-
fation ! Sir, am 1 too strong in my language when
say the extremes join hands together here in
their war on the Administration and in their de-
termination to crucify the fiee State of Louisiana
asking for her representation on this floor and
the floor of the other House?
Now, Mr. President, let us go a little further
into these figures. 1 do not propose to be blinded,
nor led off the tiack by this kind of passionate
denunciation and declamation that we have heard
on this subject. What are the facts > When you
come down to the figures you find (hat the aver-
age vote in the State of Louisiana, for ten years,
has been thirtynfour thousand. The highest vote
that was given in ten years has been onlyfifiy-one
thousand. Where are those voters now? Forty
thousand have enlisted in the rebel armies. The
voting population and the fighting population of a
State lun along together, almost pari passu. 1
refer now to the white population of that State.
We know that our voting population in the free
States and our fighting population are very nearly
the same. Fifty-one thousand was the highest
voting population of Louisiana in any election in
ten years,and forty thousand have enlisted in the
rebel armies. Undoubtedly three fourths of those
are in their graves, and those that live are still in
the rebel armies, for the conscription of the rebels,
wherever they have had the opportunity to do
it, has been almost universal, taking every able-
bodied man in whole counties and township* and
parishes into the army of the rebellion. Jf you
deduct from fifry-one thousand, tho highest vote
which Louisiana has ever given in ten years, tho
forty thousand who have gone into the lebel
armies, how many remain? Eleven thousand
would remain, if their voting and fighting popu-
lation wereequal in numbers; and the vote shows
that eleven thousand four hundred and fourteen
freely gave their votes at the election which oc-
curred on the 22d day of February, 186-1. Does
the Senator from Ohio stand up here denouncing
this as a miserable sham, when a vote has been
given equal to the difference between the rebel
population enlisting into the rebel armies and the
whole voting population of Louisiana during the
last ten yeais? Sir, this kind of declamation will
not bear the tost of examination when you come
down to^/the truth and look into the facts and
figures in this cac.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator will per-
mit me 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the Senator will
allow me to finish my remarks, 1 do not desire
to take up a great deal of time, and I prefer to go
through with what I have to say; and then I will
answer any question the Senate desires.
Mr. President, I do not assume that in all cases
the voting population and the fighting popula-
tion are the same, but they run along neatly the
same, and it is but fair to count the one as about
equal to the other. But suppose there is a con-
siderable difference. In -my opinion, the vote
of eleven thousand four hundred and fourteen
which was given for this constitution, is two
thirds, if not three fourths, of all the loyal men
of Louisiana now alive and living within Louisi-
ana,. Gentlemen fail to consider the vast difference
in the condition of these States where this war
has been going on, as it has in Louisiana. We
captured and took possession at an early day of
about one thitd, 1 suppose, of the real territorial
extent of the State of Louisiana; we captured
and took possession of the rivers; and from the
very conformation of Louisiana, it is upon the
banks of the rivers that her good lands all lie,
and when you go back from the rivers, you go
into those interminable morasses and swamps
where men can hardly live at all; so that, although
we do not cover the whole of the State of Louisi-
ana by our military lines, we do cover and do
hold by far the greater portion in value and the
greater portion which is capable of being culti-
vated and inhabited as a State.
Mr."President, 1 was observing that men seem
to forget the terrible destruction of the population
in these States, both black and white, caused by
the war. I have no doubt that if you could at this
day take the census of both the hvi,ng and the
dead, it would be found that one half of the whole
population of Louisiana, white and black, is be-
neaih the sod, growing out of the tetiible convul-
sions which this war has produced and the ter-
rible sacrifices and sufferings and deaths that have
followed in its train. Genoial Banks estimates
it at very neatly the same figure. He says the
whole population of Louisiana now existing does
not exceed four hundred and fifty thousand, al-
though in the beginning of this contest it was be-
tween seven and eight hundred thousand. Not
only have the white men who were the voters in
Louisiana enlisted m the rebel armies to the
amount of thirty thousand, but multitudes of those
who were subject to do so have fled from Louisi-
ana and have gone abroad to Europe; they have
left the State; they are not there; they perhaps
will never be there again. Butof the loyal people
now living two thirds, three fourths, 1 believe,
took part m the election on the adoption of this
constitution.
The Senator from Ohio, in the course of his re-
marks, undertook to denounce in very stiong
terms the policy adopted or suggested by the
President of the United States in his message as
the policy upon which he would attempt the re-
organization of civil government and civil insti-
tutions in the States where the insurrection had
prevailed. There has been so much said about
it, and so much misrepresentation also, that 1 de-
sire for a few brief moments to call the attention
of the Senate to that proposition.
Every person knows that there must be some
form of government in these States. If, with
our armies, we enter into a State or country, and
take possession of it by military power, some
form of government must be established—mili-
tary, of course, in the first instance. The civil
government is displaced, so to speak, by military
power. In the midst of arms the laws are silent,
fs the old expression of the Romans, inter araxa
silent leges. When the people of a district be-
come so far obedient to their obligations of loyalty
to the Government which thus assumes, by mili-
tary power, to put down an insurrection, an at-
tempt may be made to surrender the military
power and establish a civil administration by the
people themselves. For a time the form of gov-
ernment may be, to a certain extent, a mixed
form, both of civil and military power, each lean-
ing upon the other. Asthe thing pi ogresses arul
grows still further, the military power may be
more and more withdrawn, and still greater
power and authority given to the civil adminis-
tration and the civil officers of the Government.
Now, sir, what is the actual state of the case
in relation to Louisiana? When we first cap-
tured New Orleans, and by our forces took pos-
session of the rivers and the lands adjoining,
there could be no government but that of a mili-
tary character. But after an experience of one,
two, or three years, the people there became so
well satisfied of the great mistake of going into
rebellion against the Government of the United
States and of the necessity of submitting to its
authority and its jurisdiction, that they began to
comeback to their allegiance to this Government,
and were willing to join in the organization of the
civil government of the State,and resume their
relations to the Government of the United States.
Accordingly we find that when asked to do so
eleven thousand four hundred and fourteen of the
loyal citizens of that State joined in the organi-
zation of a new constitution, which was submit-
ted to the people, adopted by them, and a Legisla-
ture and other officers chosen by virtue of it, and
the whole machinery of civil government put into
full operation in that State. By virtue of the au-
thority of that constitution, they now have their
own government, their own Legislature, they are
making municipal laws and regulations for them-
selves. Their courts are sitting every day in
judgment upon the rights of individuals. Under
the authority of this new constitution all the re-
lations of life are now being regulated. Under
the authority of this new constitution, I tell my
friend from Ohio that nearly ninety thousand
slaves, who were not reached by the emancipa-
tion proclamation, have had their fetters knocked
from their limbs and freedom given to them. Yes,
sir, freedom has been given to ninety thousand
slaves by this very constitution which he would
undertake to trample under his feet as a military
usurpation and as a miserable farce. Can he
stand up in the face of this country, when Lou-
isiana presents herself jii this attitude as a free
State, knocking off the chains from ninety thou-
sand of her slaves whom the emancipation proc-
lamation did not reach, (for they were excepted,)
and deny to free Louisiana her rights of repre-
sentation here, and her right to be heard as one
of the free States of this IJnion in voting upon
the very constitutional amendment which we have
submitted to the States for their ratification?
Mr. WADE. Does the Senator 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 shall soon be through,
and 1 will then hear the gentleman from Ohio at
length.
Mr. WADE. No, you will not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Well, I will hear him,
then, very briefly.
Mr. WADE. You will not hear him at all.
[Laughter.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Thatperhaps willbebet-
ter yet.
Mr. President, I can very well understand why
the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Powell] is
opposed to recognizing this fiee constitution of
Louisiana, \Mnch sets free almost ninety thou-
sand slaves; but I did not expect that the Sena-
tor from Ohio would object to it for that reason,
among others. 1 expected that the Senator from
Ohio, and the friends of freedom on this floor,
would take the free States by the hand, one after
another, as they presented themselves here, and
welcome them into the family of fiee States. I
did not expect opposition from the Senator from
Ohio as I did from the Senator from Kentucky.
He could consistently oppose it; for he is op-
posed to emancipation, opposed to the adoption
of the free constitution of Louisiana, opposed to
allowing Louisiana to vote on the constitutional
amendment which we have just submitted to the
States, and whose vote may be necessary to its
ratification. Itrequires,as 1 am informed, twenty-
seven votes, or the votes of twenty-seven Legis-
latures of the different States, in order to ratify
the constitutional amendment; and by no Cipher-
ing of mine can I see how they are to be obtained
uniess you alio w the Legislature of the free State
of Louisiana to express her voice on the subjcct,
Is the Senator fi om Ohio prepared to preventtliat?
Go teli it to the fiee people of tins country that
upon the floor of the Senate the Senator from Ohio,
who has been looked upon as the champion of free-
dom, is now taking position side by side with the
Senator from Kentucky to denounce asa military
usurpation and as a miserable farce the adoption
of a free constitution by the people of Louisiana.
