1342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to present an
amendment to which I suppose theie will be no
objection. It will be understood if the Senate
will let me read an extract from a letter from a
United States district attorney.
Mr. GRIMES. Read the amendment first.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Theamendmentis toadd
the following as an additional section:
be it further enacted, That in all proceedings brought
by the United States in any court for the recovery, as well
of judgments upon imports alone, as of penalties for the
non-payment thereof, the judgment shall recite that the
same is rendered for duties?, and such judgment, interest,
and costs shall be payable in the coin by law receivable for
duties, and the execution issued on such judgment shall set
forth that the recovery is for duties, and shall require the
maishal to satisfy the same in the coin by Unv leceivable
for duties; and in case of levy upon and sale of the prop-
erty of the judgment debtor, the marshal shall refuse pay-
ment from any puicha?>er at such salem any other money
than th.it specified nt the execution.
I have a letter here from the district attorney
of the United States at Detroit, who says that it
is questionable whether a judgment of that char-
acter may not be discharged in lawful money. I
presume there will be no objection to the amend-
ment.
Mr. CLARK. State what is in the letter in-
stead of readme: it,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have stated it.
The •amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have another amend-
ment that I desiie to offer as an additional section:
Jlnd Ac it further enacted, That all goods, wares, and
meichandi.^e, for, oraiticles donated to, the Northwestern
Sanitary Fan to he held at Chtcago, May 30, 1865, or pur-
chased with the fund-s of the Nortn western SanitarvUom-
iniSMOn for the benefit of vaid fair, may be imported into
the United States fiee of duty: Provided, The Secretary
of the Trea&uiy shall be satisfied that said goods or articles
are imported in good faith for the benefit of the said fair.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. I offer the following amend-
ment as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That where the United States
is the putchaser under any contract made prior to the pas-
sage of any act increasing the duties on Imports of any
artiele the duty upon which has been so increased, the
party "ehvering Mich article, under such prior contract,
shall be allowed theiefnr, in addition to the contract piice
thereof, the increased duty which may have been imposed
upon such aiuele under such subsequent act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the second
section of the bill by adding these words:
On wrought iron lubes two and a half cents per pound.
I will simply say, in regard to thisamendment,
that there are §9,000,000 worth of iron tubes made
in the country, that pay on the iron about three
quarters of a million duty, and that by the law
as it now stands the foreign importer has about
twenty per cent, advantage. This amendment
will equalize it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to comc in as a new item of the third section:
"On buffalo robes, ten per cent, ad valorem." I
Will simply send up a letter to be read in expla-
nation of this amendment.
Mr. CLARK. I have some doubt about that
amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY. The letter I have sent up to
the desk will explain it.
The Secretary read,as follows:
Washington, March 2,1865.
Sir: By the tariff'act of June 30, 1664, " furs on the skin
droned" aie made subject to a duty of twent> percent, ad
valorem, "tins on the skin undress-ed" to a duty ot ten
per cent.
It is doubtful whether " buffalo robes" are propeily in-
cluded und<M cuherclass. Mi. Chute (long connected With
the lur ttade) says thai they sue noteon-Jideied as si furs" by
deuier>. Tbe> am moie like lades or " baled skins" winch
are charged with a duty ot ten per cent.
I am ■-atMied that ten per cent, ad valorem will be more
productive of revenue than twenty per cent. Under the
Utter rate I am assured by C. M, D.uiey, of St. Paul, that
'• bufFaio jobe*" will pas* to England or Canada without
inipoi tation into the United States and without sale in our
maikus.
Thus will the revenue be diminished and our trade—
rnooly at .St Cloud and St. Paul—will be reduced.
Allow me to suggebt that the amendatory tariff act which
pas>ed the Huii.-e yesterday be amended in the Senate by
in -erring " m lieu of former taxation" the following item :
'• On buffalo robes ten per cent, ad valorem
Yours tiuiy, JAMES VV. TAYLOR.
Hon A Ramsey.
Mr. CLARK. I hope that amggidment will not
be agieed to. It is striking the duty down from
twenty per cent, to ten per cent, in the interest of 1
some traders along the line. I do not think this
is the time, without more consideration that this,
to take off the duty.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, this amend-
ment is essential to the trade in robes in the North-
west. A large number of robes are " made" an-
nually on the plains of Dakota and tjie country
north and west of the Red river. These robes are
" made" by the free men living within the region
of the Hudson's Bay Company, on their annual
hunts into our territories. They are cariied back
into their own regions, and unless weallow them,
by a reduction ofduty from twenty to ten percent.,
to ship them to St, Paul, will be sold to the Hud-
son's Bay Company, and either sent in bond to
Canada or England over the routes through our
country, or shipped directly by the way of York
Factory to England. Good sense, Mr. President,
dictates the amendment I suggest, and 1 hope it
will be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment of the Senator
from Minnesota.
Mr. CLARK. I hope the amendment will not
be agreed to, and I hope Senators will vote upon ity
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope it will be agreed to./
The amendment was rejected, there being/on
a division—ayes twelve, noes not countedy'
Mr. HARlilS. I move to strike outlinetfeleven
and twelve, section two, in the following words:
On spun silk for filling in skeins or copsyien per cent.
ad valorem. /
This subject was considerably dTscussed when
we had the tariff bill before Congress last year,
and it was finally settled that a duty of twenty-
five per cent, should be imposed upon this article.
It was too much, quite too much; and it has
operated severely upon some infant manufactories
of this article. There are in the State I represent
some manufactories engaged in importing this
article and manufacturing it into handkerchiefs,
silk linings, and ai tides of that kind; and it is as
much as they can do to sustain themselves paying
a duty on the raw article of twenty-five pet cent.
This section proposes to add ten per cent, to that,
which will ruin them.
Mr. CLARK. 1 suggest to the Senator from
New Yoik, in order to save time, I am willing
that shall be struck out, as it is not a matter of
great importance, and let it go to the committee
of conference.
Mr. HARRIS. I was going to add that it is
of very little consequence to the Government, but
of a great deal of consequence to these little manu-
factories in my State.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FAR WELL. 1 offer the following amend-
ment, to come in as a proviso at the end of the
fourth section:
Pro tided further, That no thip, vessel, or steamer hav-
ing a license to trade between differentdUtitets. uf ihe Uni-
ted State*, or to carry on the bank, whale, oi other lib-
eries, or any ship, vessel, or steamer, to or irom any port
or place in Mexico to the Britii-h provinces of North
America, or any of the West India i.-land-*, or in all these
trades, shall be required to pay the tonnage duty contem-
plated by this act more than once a year.
If the Senator from New Hampshire has any
objection to this amendment I will state 
Mr. CLARK. Oil, yes, I have obieclion to it.
Mr. FARWELL. Then I will state the reason
for it. It was evidently contemplated by the act
to which this proviso applies that these vessels
should not pay but once a year. I consulted the
collector of Portland on the subject 
Mr. CLARK. Perhaps I do not understand
the amendment in full. I thought it was an
absolute exception. If it is not 1 will not object
to it,
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to understand it
myself. 1 suppose it is necessary that somebody
else should understand it as well as the Senator
from New Hampshire.
Mr. FARW ELL. The provision in the old
law is that vessels in the coasting trade shall pay
once a year where they run to the West Indies
and British provinces. Foreign vessels pay when
they arrive in port; but it was provided that these
vessels running back and forth should pay but
once a year; and it is so with English vessels
now. The old law was so construed as to make
a discrimination whereby our vessels have been
obliged to pay twice a year if they went to British
provinces, and the provincial vessels paid but
once. This proviso simply puts them on au equal i
I footing; we pay the same as they do, oncea year.
The law was so construed by nearly all the col-
lectors; but the collector of New Yoi k construed
it so as to entitle him to collect twice from our
vessels, and that construction was finally adopted
all over the country.
Tire amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARWELL. 1 wish to offer one other
amendment, to come in at the end of the second
section:
On ships' chains, of not less than five-eighth inch wire,
one cent per pound.
1 will state very briefly the reason why I offer
this amendment. I do not intend to take up the
time of the Senate upon it,although I think meas-
ures of this very great importance ought not to
be passed without consideration. In my judg-
ment, it would be a blessing to the country if the
tax bill and the appropriation bills could gu over
and an extra session of Congress could be had to
consider them. I regard this practice of bring-
ing in these bills at the very end of the session,
the most important, and in fact the only import-
ant business of Congress coming in within the
last two days of the session, when no member
has a chance to examine them, and if he does
examine them and understands the matters con-
tained in them fully, he does not feel at liberty to
explain tliem 
Mr. CLARK. I will not object to the amend-
ment if tiie Senator will let it go on without
debate.
Mr. FARWELL. I believe itis right. There
are none of these chains made in this country.
Mr. CLARK. Is it to exempt them?
Mr. FARWELL. No, sir; but to put the
duty at one cent per pound.
Mr. HENDERSON. What is it now ?
Mr. FARW ELL. T wo cents and a half,and
one cent on the iron. There is not a single chain
made in this country. I am not aware that there
has been even any attempt at making them for
the last ten or fifteen years. There never was
but one establishment that attempted to make
ship chains.
Mr. CLARK. The objection to it is, that if
they are not made in this country and we strike
down the tax, we thereby lose revenue.
Mr. FARWELL. I was justabouttosay that
that idea is not correct, it 13 a great saving to a
man who has built a ship anywhere in New Eng-
land to hire a steamboat and tow her do wn to St.
John, New Brunswick, and there put on her
chains and anchor and duck; and it is now being
done. The merchants of Maine and Massachu-
setts to-day are building ships down upon the
other side of the line to getrid of these enoi mous
taxes. This tax is not necessary to protect any
of the manufacturers of this country, because, as
I have said, ship chains are not manufactured in
this country. There never has been for thirty
years but one manufactory in this country, to my
knowledge, that ever attempted to make a chain;
and 1 think they gave it up ten or fourteen years
ago. I have no doubt the Government will get
as much duty at this rate as they will at the other.
Mr. CLARK. 1 do not think this amendment
is right, and I desire a vote of the Senate upon it.
As 1 understand it now, the present duty upon
that class of chains is two and a half cents a
pound. The Senator proposes to strike it down
to one cent per pound. The ships that are now
built, when going on foreign voyages, generally
go to Liverpool, England, and get their chains,
and they go to other places where they can be
had. They are not made in this country; but
still some are imported; and when they are im-
ported they pay a duty of two and a half cents a
I pound. The Senator proposes that that duty shall
1 be stricken down to one cent. If that is done
these ships will still go abroad as much as for-
merly to get their chains; but on those imported
we shall only get one cent a pound.
Then, again, if we take off the duty we prevent
anybody^ here from ever manufacturing these
chains. They are not manufactured in this coun-
try now; but under the duty imposed somebody
may be induced to manufacture them, and thus
: give employment to our own labor,
j Mr. FARW ELL. If that were likely to ba '
[ done 1 think it would have been done before now,
, when labor was cheap; but it has not been done;
and when the experiment was tried it was aball-
I doned. The Senator is entirely wrong about this
