THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
' 1
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, Jfl 0./"
New Series Nfc* 37.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, FEBRUARY 6, 1865.
But, sir, to return oncfe more to this much-de-
nounced policy of the President. It is denounced
tfa a military usurpation. It is directly the re-
verse of that. It is an attempt on the part of the
President to lay down the military power, to put
it into the hands of the civilians; to take it from
the Army and to give it to the people. What
does he say ? He says this in substance: " When-
ever one tenth or a portion of the population equal
to one tenth of the whole voting population of the
district or the State before the rebellion began
are willing voluntarily to undertake the business
of administering civil government, I, as President
of the United States and Commander-in-Chief of
the Army, pledge to them my good faith that I
will stand by them.and try and enable them to
do it." That is all there is of it. So far from
being a military usurpation, it is an attempt on
the part of the President to lay down his military
power; and under that provision of the Consti-
tution which compels this Government to guar-
anty a republican form of government to every
State in the Union, the President is endeavoring
in good faith to do it.
Sir, how else can it be done? These gentlemen
who are denouncing with so much ghbness the
policy of the President had better point out some
better policy. How can you lay down your mili-
tary power without building up a civil power to
take possession of the government? How can
you do it unless you make a beginning? If you
cannot begin with the whole of the people of a
State, you must begin with what ioyai people
there arc in the Statu; and if you can get as many
as one tenth of those who are there, or a number
equal to one tenth of the voters of the State who
are willing to join in the attempt, is it not the
duty, and the bounden duty, of the Executive to
make the tnal,or shall he continue to hold them
as mere military conquests governed by military
ofltceis and military law? Shall there be no at-
tempt at civil administration? We aliknow what
martial law is. There is no people under the
canopy of heaven who do not desne to get rid of
martial law as fast as they can. I join with them
in the do>iie to get rid of military la w and military
administration; and if you can get one tenth of the
population in a State like Louisiana, where three
i'ouiths have joined the rebellion and enlisted in the
rebel army, who are willing to take hold and aid
in the administration of the government, it is
enough to begin with. I do not say that where
they amount to but one tenth their Representa-
tives ought to be admitted to seats in Congiess.
The Pi evident does not lecommend anything like
that. Hut this case of Louisiana does not go upon
the basis of one tenth. I have demonstrated to
the Senate,and I defy the Senator fiom Ohio or
any other Senator to show to the contrary, that
at least two thirds of all the loyal people of Lou-
isiana, and more than two thirds of the differ-
ence between the number of rebels who have
joined the rebel armies and the highest vote Lou-
isiana has given in ten years, have joined in
adopting this constitution for the free State of
Louisiana.
Out, Mr. President, in relation to that recom-
mendation made by the Executive, he made it as
a suggestion. He did not commit himself to itas
if that was the policy to be pursued and he would
not pursue any other. He is willing to join hands
with anybody who will propose any better policy
for the ^organization of these States; but he is
willing to begin even with one tenth to attempt
to build up something like civil government in
these States. That docs not apply, however, to
Louisiana; for, as i have shown you, more than
two third-s, if not three fourths, of all the loyal
men that now live in that State joined in elect-
ing the delegates to this convention,and in adopt-
ing this constitution. Does my friend fiom Ohio
propose to allow the rebels of Louisiana to take
pait in the government of that State? Have we
not already provided by law that they cannot
vote unless they take the oath of allegiance, and
swear to suppoit the Constitution of the United
States, and lenounce all allegiance to any other
37
or pretended government? It is the loyal peo-
ple of a State alone that have a right to vote.
Sir, I believe that each department of this Gov-
ernment takes part in the recognition of the au-
thorities of the several States. The Supreme
Court takes its part in that recognition. For
instance, there is a tribunal now erected in Lou-
isiana purpoiting to be a court of the State of
Louisiana. A case arises, of ejectment, if you
please, deciding the title to a township of land.
An appeal is brought from the decision of that
court to the Supreme Court here. Some lawyer
rises up in the Supreme Court of the United States,
and adopting the view of the Senator from Ohio,
says, " May it please the court, that court is a
humbug; the constitution of Louisiana is a farce;
it was adopted by military usurpation; you must
not hear an appeal from that court; I move that
it be dismissed." The Supreme Court look into
the question, pass on the case, and they decide
that the court is a regular court of Louisiana, or
is not. They therefoie,in thatdecision, perform
a high office as thesupreme judicial power of this
Government in recognizing the judicial power of
the State of Louisiana.
So, too, the Executive has his office to perform
in recognizing the power of the States of the
Union. When you look into the Constitution,
you find thatone of the greatest powers conferred
upon the Executive of the United States is this
very power of recognizing the authority of the
State governments of the States of the Union,
How tloes it arise? It arises just in this precise
case. An insurrection breaks out in one of the
States. There are two parties, and you may say
they are nearly equally balanced, one for one gov-
ernment, one for another. Each chooses its gov-
ernor; each chooses its legislature; each chooses
their various officers of administration; and they
commence a conflict, and there is an insurrection.
Then comes an appeal to-the Executive to put
down an insurrection, just the case that arose in
Rhode Island in the time of Dorr's rebellion, as it is
called. Theappc-al is made to the Executive; and
then is cost upon the Executive the most import-
ant question that the Executive is ever called to
pronounce upon, and that is, which party is the
rebellion and which party is the true government
of the State where the icbellion exists. The Presi-
dent decides that question,and from his decision
there is no appeal. That was precisely the case in
Rhode Island. Dorr's rebellion arose against the
existing government. They had their two legis-
latures and their two executives, and were ready
to enter into a conflict of arms and the shedding
of blood. An appeal was made to the President
of theUnited States to put down the insurrection,
and the President of the United States decided that
Dorr's party were the party in rebellion and must
be put down; and that ended the controversy; for
in the little State of Rhode Island they would not
undertake to contend when the whole power of the
Government was thrown in upon one side.
lieie is a power of the Executive in recogniz-
ing the existing power of a State, whether it be
the true State government or the insurrectionary
State government, that belongs to no other depart-
ment of this Government. It does not belong to
Congress. The appeal is not made to Congress
to put down the insurrection in a State. It is
made to the President, and the President alone
can decide that question. The Supreme Court,
in that case from Rhode Island, expressly decided
that it was a political question over which the
court had no control, nor Congress either, but
which belonged to the Executive, and the Execu-
tive a!ont;aud the Executive having decided which
party constituted the rebellion and which party
constituted the true governmentof Rhode Island,
the court were bound to acquiesce in the decision
of the Executive, and did so acquiesce, and sus-
tained the old government of Rhode Island against
the Dorr government.
'But, Mr. President, I do not deny that Con-
gress also 1ms a powei of recognition of these
States, but it is Congress acting separately in the
two Houses of Congress, and in no other way.
How do we act? Two gentlemen pre$entltheift- •
selves for admission- to this floor as Senators from
Louisiana. The question is at tfnee raised. One
gentleman says there is no State of Louisiana; it
is a mere Territory; it is a mere farce to eatt it a
Stftte. - ' ''r
Mr. WADE, Do you say that I said that?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. You did not say that;
but you said it was a mere farce to call it a State;
that the election was a farce.
Mr. WADE. Yes, that is it,
Mr, DOOLITTLE. The question is raised,
first, is there any State of Louisiana? Secondly,
was there a Legislature chosen in Louisiana who
could elect Senators? And thirdly, do these men
possess the requisite qualifications to become
Senators of the United States? Those questions
are raised here, discussed here, and the Senate
act upon those questions and decide them, and
from our decision there is no appeal.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator permit me
to ask him a question?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Is it on this point?
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir; it would not bo
pertinent otherwise, I apprehend.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will hear the Senator.
Mr. CONNESS. With theSenator'sconsent,
I ask him if he holds that the right of Congress
to act upon the question of the organization or
admission of the States now in rebellion can only
occur and take place when Senators present
themselves from tnose States here, or if the Sen-
ator denies to Congress a right to participate in
the question of their reorganization as States? I
desire the information, because it isimportant.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My opinion is very clear
that we act upon the question when it is presented
to us, and the Senators appear here and ask ad-
mission, first, whether there is a State to repre-
sent; secondly, whether a Legislature has been
chosen which can send representatives; and,
thirdly, whether the-men who appear here have
the constitutional qualifications; and on this sub-
ject ourdecision is final. The President has noth-
ing to do with it; the House of Representatives
has nothing to do with it; we have the sole and
conclusive jurisdiction,
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator again per-
mit me to ask him a question ? I do not wish to
do so if it is the slightest interruption to the Sen-
ator.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The question raised by the
Senator is not one that I have discussed in this
argument. Itis a very distinct and difTerentques-
tion from the one I am now discussing, end I do
not intend to go into a discussion of it no.w. Pos-
sibly on some other occasion it may come up, and
I may discuss that question; but I understand it
is a very different one from that I am now argu-
ing.
Mr. CONNESS. I so understand it; and I un-
derstand the Senator; but I understood him to say
that upon the question of the admission of Sen-
ators from those States only could our righttoact
on the question occur or come up; and therefore
I asked the Senator if he held the opinion that
Congress has no right and no power to act upon
the question of whethe/ those States should bo
reorganized or not; because, although the Senator
may not believe thatthe latter question is involved
in the proposition now before the Senate, I differ
with him, and believe that it is involved in it.
Therefore I asked the Senator the question.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not intend to go into
the discussion of that question, which leads into
a much broader field of inquiry, and there are
certain other provisions of the Constitution that
would have to be discussed that I do not intend
to take up now. I prefer to go on with my train
of argument, and finish what I have to say on
the point directly under consideration.
1 was saying, Mr. President, that ourdecision
on that question of the admission of Senators is
without any appeal, and whatever law might be
passed by Congress would not in any way what-
ever abridge our supreme jurisdiction over the
, question o'f the admission or rejection of Senators
