THE CGNGBESSI
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, J). 0.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 4, 1865.
New Series 5?o. I
to the other, so as to give the greatest amount of
revenue with a proper protection.
Mr. HENDRICKS. He does not say it must
not be cleared. Under the existing law but enough
railroad iron comes into the country to construct
forty miles of road, and that duty is not enough
for him, but he must increase it ten cents in gold,
twenty cents in paper,upon every hundred pounds
of iron. Does he not intend to clear the field of
competition by this legislation? He doesnotin-
tend to secure revenue. He cannot say so upon
the figures that are before the country. It is not
for revenue.
And now the Senator asks me to bear in mind
the condition of the laborers in the production of
iron. I hope not to forget them; but I thinlt when
they have a protection of §1 20 on every hun-
dred pounds of iron, that is protection enough.
The Senator does not ask that there shall be a pro-
hibition, but that the tax shall be so adjusted as
that there shall be prosperity in both branches of
the trade, in the importation and in the manufac-
tory. 1 concede that; let that be so; and if the
Senator had brought such a bill here I would not
seriously object to it. But when the Senator asks
me to bear in mind the laborer of the eastern States,
I ask him to bear in mind the interests of the far-
mers of the Northwest, the great region that is
now being developed, the section of country that
has added so much to the Army and so much to
the material power of the country in this great
controversy. We have a mighty country to open,
anil it cannot be done by wagon roads. We must
have railroads. They are indispensable. We
wish to see these railroads extend far out into
Minnesota through Kansas, and thence on to the
mountains, and connect the eastern and western
portions of our Republic. We wish to do this. It
is a great and overshadowing interest, not to be
compared, in my judgment, in its importance,
with the interests of the local manufacturing con-
cerns.
I do not want to detain the Senate longer on
this question.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am really very much as-
tonished at my friend from Indiana that he should
be making any opposition to this proposition;and
I am astonished that my friend from Kansas is
making any opposition whatever to it. Suppose we
put the additional ten cents upon railroad iron, is it
anything to compare with the tax that you have
put on other manufactures of iron ? Why, Mr.
President, in 18G1 you had a low tariff, compara-
tively, on all articles. Since thattime you levied
an ad valorem duty of three per cent, upon your
own manufactures of iron; and in order to protect
the home manufacturer against competition you
increased the tariff about twenty-five or thirty per
cent. You then raised the internal tax to five per
cent, ad valorem, and you increased the tariff from
twenty to thirty per cent. more. Now you put
up the internal duty one cent, and you propose to
go on " equalizing"it as far as you can; and so
the work goes on. It is a system that will con-
tinue to go on as long as we continue the present
financial system of the Government; and gentle-
men ought not to complain. Just so long as they
sustain that system, just so long will this thing
continue. They are complaining about a tax of
seventy cents on the hundred pounds of railroad
iron. Why complain about it? It is thecheap-
est tax there is on iron.
Mr. POMEROY. Oh, no; the Senator is mis-
taken.
Mr. HENDERSON. I say it is the cheapest
tax on railroad iron. Gentlemen feel this tax be-
cause they want to complete railroads. They feel
itmore sensibly; and why? Because they feel in-
terested in it. They can see the tax when im-
posed on railroad iron,because they feel interested
in the extension and completion of lines of rail-
roads; and when they have to pay the exorbitant
price for iron manufactured in this country they
then cry out against it. What are they paying
on bar iron, rolled or hammered ? One hundred
cents per hundred pounds, one cent a pound.
What are they paying on boiler or other plate
8&
iron ? One and a quarter cent per pound. What
are they paying on iron wire, bright, coppered,
or tinned? Two cents per pound. Onironwire,
bright, coppered, or tinned, over No. 16 and not
over No. 25, wire gauge, they pay three and a half
cents per pound. On wire covered with silk or
cotton they pay seven cents per pound; on the
second grade of the same article eight and a kalf
cents, and on the third grade nine cents per
pound; and yet the Senator complains of the duty
on railroad iron. Why should he complain ? He
does not see or feel what he is paying upon all
other articles of iron. Upon sheet iron he pays
P 25 per hundred pounds. Upon band, hoop,
and scroll iron he pays three cents per pound;
that is three dollars on every hundred pounds.
The gentleman does not feel that. He has not
looked into that.
The same thing is true in regard to every ar-
ticle manufactured in this country. You increase
the currency of the country in order to enable the
people to pay their expenses. You levy an im-
post and excise tax, and then you increase the
currency in order to enable the people to pay it.
If you increase the necessity, it becomes abso-
lutely essential—and I am bound to vote for it;
everybody is bound to vote for it—to increase the
tariff. The increase of the tariff makes it neces-
sary to increase the currency; and so we go on.
i hope we shall get to the end after awhile.
The Senator is complaining and making a fuss
about this thing. Last year, according to the re-
turns of the Department, the manufacturers of
iron in this country paid only §3,202,000, and the
little unimportant article of manufactured tobacco
in this country paid upward of eight millions.
But a little over three millions was received from
every article of iron manufactured in this coun-
try; that is, the excise duty. So it is in regard to
various manufactures of other articles to which I
might refer. All the woolen manufactures in this
country paid only $3,655,000; and all the cotton
manufactures in this country, including all arti-
cles not specifically named in the excise act, only
paid $6,000,000.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Kansas.
Mr. CLARK. Since I addressed the Senate
on this subject there has been put into my hands
a letter which I will read, by the indulgence of the
Senate. It is from the Commissioner of the In-
ternal Revenue:
Treasury Department,
Office of Internal Revenue,
Washington, March 1,1865.
Sir : In my report of December J, 1864,1 have said,
"The American manufacturer is now suffering from the
reducuon ot the customs duty, and although he is not yet
viituaiiy injured, he owes iiU protection less to the suffi-
ciency of that duty than to thedifference between cunency
and the high rate ot exchange.''
In my opinion the iron interest is in imminent danger at
this moment of being vitally injured. The price of gold
is falling and the late of exchange is constantly fluctuat-
ing. Some further protection to the manufacturer appears
to me to be absolutely accessary. If it is not rendered,
our internal revenue from that source, and also from col-
lateral sources, will be severely affected. I trust that you
will be able to satisfy the friends of the Administration in
Congress of the importance of an increase of duties as a
measure of protection. Our manufacturers can supply the
market, and the competition among them wiil bring down
the prices to the proper level.
Yours, &c., JOSEPH J. LEWIS.
Mr. ltOBKRT II. Lamborn,
Secretary of American Iron and Steel Association.
Mr. JOHNSON. It gives no facts. It is a
mere opinion.
Mr. CLARK. I have read the whole letter.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I have watched this sub-
ject somewhat carefully, and I have very nearly
learned, and think I almost know, that the per-
sons employed in the ivon works of Pennsylvania
are the best paid laborers in the United States.
Mr. GRIMES. Better than the gold diggers of
California.
Mr. McDOUGALL. A comparison cannot be
made between them and the gold diggers. The
gold diggers get well paid once in awhile, but
they get good pay all the time. It is said the iron
interest in Pennsylvania is the most prosperous
interest in the country, and it has been demon-
strated substantially, in my judgment. Indeed
they have had favors beyond where favors should
be asked or sought for. They have had more
than is necessary to develop all their interests,
and they are trying to outride all other interest?
and make themselves the interest of the country.
I do not object to it much, because I am a sort
of a Swedenborgian sometimes and believe in the
iron age. I like to have iron produced as plen-
tiful as possible; but it is not required that this
interest should be made to go in advance of all
interests; for I am well assured that the laborers
in the iron mines of Pennsylvania are better paid
than the laborers in any other part of the United
States.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to amend this clause'
before the vote is taken on striking out. I move
to strike out " ten" and insert "five." I think
that will make it just about right.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest as a question of order to the Senator from
Massachusetts that an amendment having al-
ready been agreed to to strike out " fifteen and
insert " ten," the proposition cannot be reached
in order except in the Senate after the bill shall
have been reported. The question now is on the
amendment of the Senator from Kansas striking
out the clause. *
Mr. JOHNSON. On that I ask for the yeaff
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Davis, DooUtUe,
Grimes, Hale, Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, John-
son, Lane of Kansas, MeDougaii, Morgan, Morrill, Nes-
initli, Nye, Pomeroy, Powell, Kamsey, Stewart,Ton Eycfc,
Trumbull, and Wright—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Dixon, Farwell, Foot. Foster, Howard, Sprague, Sumner,
Wade, ami Wilson—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Carlile, Conness, Cowan, Harding,
Harlan, Lane of Indiana, Richardson, Riddle, riaulsbury,
Sherman, Van Winkle, Wilkinson, and Willey—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Manufactures to offer the following
amendment as an additional section:
aflnd be it further enaclcd, That flax and hemp machin-
ery and steam agricultural machinery, as designated in
section twenty-one of the "Act to increase duties on im-
ports, and for other purposes," approved June 30, 1864,
may be imported free of duty for one year from the passage
of this act.
The twenty-first section of the act alluded to
in the amendment will be found on page 227 of
the Laws of the last session, and is in these words:
That during the period of one year from the passage of
this act there may be imported into the United States,
free of duty, any machinery designed for and adapted to
the manufacture of woven fabric from the fiber of
or hemp, including all the preliminary processes requisite
therefor; and that steam agricultural machinery and im-
plements may be imported free from duty for one year from
tiie passage of tilis act.
That act was approved on the 30th of last June,
and by its own limitation this section will expire
on the 30th of the coming June. The amend-
ment that I have offered extends the operation of
that section about seven months longer. The
reason for the extension is this: in consequenca
of the large orders that have been sent to England
for the manufacture of this kind of machinery
those who ordered the machinery have been un-
able to obtain the assent of the manufacturers to
deliver it within the time prescribed in the twenty-
first section of the act of last year. As I under-
stand, they paid down, on giving the order, one
third the contract price, and they are unable to
withdraw those contracts. The loss to them will
be the amount of duty imposed on this machinery
under the provisions of this act. The amend-
ment only applies to orders that have been given
under this twenty-first section. Those who or-
dered the machinery were induced to do so in
consequence of the passage of that section. The
position in which they are now placed demand#
this legislation, and the Committee on Manufac-
tures have; therefore, directed me to report tho
amendment.
