1340
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
- Mr. CLARK. I hope the amendment will not
prevail. I do not see any roason for extending
the provisions of the act. The bill now under
consideration does not touch the provision of the
old law in that particular.
Mr. ANTHONY, it expires in six months.
Mr. CLARK. I know; and the bill does not
shorten it at all. One year was the time given in
the original act. I do not desire to discuss it,
but 
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a small matter; let
it go.
Mr. CLARK. It may not be a small matter.
It may open the door to a great many frauds.
We do not know when the orders may be given,
or anything about it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the following as an ad-
ditional section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after the 30th
liny Of.hnip next, the rate of duty on all and each kind of
tea, coffee, sugar, and molasses thereafter imported into
the United States shall lie reduced one half on the rate of
duty then imposed by law on each and every kind of tea,
coffee, sugar, and molasses, respectively; this reduction to
he computed m the same medium in winch such duties aie
collectable.
The articles enumerated in this amendment,
upon which it is proposed by it to reduce the duty,
with the exception of a small amount of sugar, are
not produced in the United States. They, there-
fore, do not enter into competition with American
labor, except as to the extent of the small amount
of sugar that is produced in our country; and if
this reduction should be made, it would still leave
an amount of duty amply sufficient to protect the '
sugar planter. .
All the articles named in the amendment have
become articles of prime necessity with the Amer-
ican people. There is scarcely a man or a woman
in the United States but what is interested m this
proposition. The duties are now collectable upon
these several articles, as on all others imported,
In gold and silver. The proposition is that the
reduction shall be one half in gold and silver of
the rates respectively upon every description of
the four classes of articles there named. That
would be a relief to the whole of the American
people. It would enable every consumer of those
important and prime articles of necessity to pur-
chase them at one half or less of the present cost.
It may be said,andsaid truly,that this amend-
ment would interfere essentially with our finan-
cial system, and would reduce the produce of our
revenue. True, sir; but it would add vastly to
the comfort and convenience of the mass of the
American people. That reduction will place
within the reach of many men and women of the
country the purchase and use of those articles of
necessity, who will be excluded from their use
by the increased duty, i thinlc, in view not of
the comfort only, but of the subsistence and of the
necessities of the people, that this amendment
should prevail, and that the vast masses of our
countrymen should have the full benefit of the re-
duction of the duties upon the articles specified in
the amendment according to its terms.
The snen cry that American labor must be
protected, which I concede, and of which 1 have
always been an advocate, is not affected by this
proposition. 1 am for protecting the labor of my
countrymen. Labor is at the loundation of all
national prosperity. Ali the wealth,all the prog-
ress, arid all the civilization of the world are based
upon labor. If there is anything that I honor,
revere, and wish to protect, it is labor and the
laborer; and it is because of my devotion to labor
and to the laborer that I want this proposition to
prevail. Instead of coming into competition with
our labor and our laborers, if it shall prevail it
will greatly alleviate the condition and add to the
means of our laborers, by giving them at greatly
reduced rates the essential necessaries of life that
are proposed by this amendment to be reduced
in duty, and therefore the price of them will be
brought down to a point where the humble, hard-
fisted laborer,who toils from dawn until twilight
will have an opportunity of using these prime and
essential necessaries of life.
The amendment was rejected.
I he bill wasreported to the Senateas a mended,
and the amendments were concurred in. It was
ordered that the amendments be engrossed, and
the bill be read a third time. The bill was read
the third time, and passed.
THANKS TO THE VICE PRESIDENT.
Mr. POWELL. I now offer a resolution
which I am confident will meet with the ready
and warm assent of every member of the Senate:
Resolved, That the thanks of the Senate are due, and
they are hereby tendered, to Hon. Hannibal Hamlin for
the able, dignified, and impartial manner in which he has
discharged the lahorious duties of the Chair daring the
term m which lie has presided over the deliberations of the
Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The Chair assumes it to be the pleas-
ure of the Senate to consider this resolution at
this time, and will put the question at once on
itsjpassage.
The resolution was adopted unanimously.
PRIVILEGES OF THE SENATE.
Mr. HOWE. I ask the Senate to proceed to
the consideration of House bill No. 710.
Mr. HALE. I must throw myself on the in-
dulgence of the Senate to ask their attention at
this time to what I believe to be a question of
privilege. I will state my question, and the Chair
can say whether it is a question of privilege or
not. On the 3d of February the Senate, on my
motion, unanimously passed a resolution calling
on the Secretary of the Navy for information.
The Secretary m answering it has transmitted a
document of sixty-five manuscript pages from
the Assistant Secretary, not responsive to the
resolution, and not pretending to be responsive to
the resolution. I will read the fiist page, that the
Senate may see what it is:
" Hon. Gideon Welles :
i; Sir : A* part of your reply to the resolution of the
Senate of February 3,1863, in response to the alienations
of Hon. John P. Hale against me m advocating said res-
olution, I beg leave to submit the following statement."
And then he goes on to answer a speech which
he says I made. My point is, that for tire head
of a Department to send us an answer to a speech
made by a member of this body, to be printed at
the public expense, neglecting the inquiry that is
presented to him and not responsive to it, is a
breach of the privileges of the Senate.
I do not wish to pursue the subject; but I sub-
mit this motion, that that part of the reply of the
Secretary of the Navy which consists of Mr.
Fox's statement in answer to a speech made by
me is not responsive to the resolution of inquiry
of the Senate, and that it be returned to the Sec-
retaiy of the Navy.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of the
resolution of inquiry.
Mr. HOWE. The first question to be deter-
mine'!, 1 suppose, is whether this is a question of
privilege. If it is not, [ hope the Senator will al-
low the bill to which 1 have called attention to be
passed, and then we can consider this matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Wisconsin was entitled to the floor, but the
Chair understood from his silence that he yielded
it for the time being to the Senator from New
Hampshire on the latter stating that he rose to a
question of personal privilege.
Mr. HOWE. 1 had submitted my motion.
The Senator from New Hampshire then took the
floor, and, as I understood, claimed to be heard
on a question of privilege. It remains for the
Chair to decide whether that is a question of priv-
ilege which takes prece'dence of the motion. The
Senator will not press it, I presume, if it is not.
Mr. HALE. Certainly not, if it is not a ques-
tion of privilege, but 1 think it. is.
The PRESIDING OFF1CER. Even if it were
in the judgment of the Chair a question of priv-
ilege, it is not of that character that it would dis-
place a Senator on the floor upon a proposition
already before the Senate.
Mr. HALE. This is the last day that I oc-
cupy a seat in the Senate. 1 have been here six-
teen years; I have endeavored to treat all my as-
sociates in this body and all the officers of the
Government with whom I have had anything to
do, with courtesy, with kindness, and with°re-
spect. I do not want, on the lastday of my official
life in the Senate, to be insulted and have the
whole Senate insulted in my person by such an
irrelevant and impertmentcommunication as this.
I think it ought to be sent back. I leave the mat-
ter with the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. DoestheSen-
ator from Wisconsin yield the floor for the mo-
tion of the Senator from New Hampshire ?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly; if the Senator from
New Hampshire puts it on the ground he has
just stated I cannot stand in his way, although I
am very anxious to have this bill considered.
Mr, JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of the
resolution of inquiry.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be read,
if it is in the possession of the Senate.
Mr.HALE. I have it here,and i will read it.
" Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be instructed
to inform the Senate whether the atgument of the jud§etf
advocate on then uil of Frnnklm W. Smith lia« been pi nitod
by onier of the Navy Department, or any offiecr • >( that
branch of the service, and whether the <aine h;w been done
at the expense of the Treasury of tlse United States Jio\v
large an edition of the same has been published, and wh.it
use has been made of the copies thus; published. Also,
whether any commissioners, ajjents, or detectives have
been employed by the said Navy Department, oj nnyofhcer
thereof, since Januaiy 1,1864; if so, how mnyy ; w hat •-tun
or sums have been paid them; what instructions weie given
to them verbaiiv or in wilting, either by the Secretary of
the Navy 01 the A-sistant Secretary, and especially whether
any instructions woic g.vcn to said detectives or agents,
or either of thein, by said Secretaiy or Assistant Secietary,
or by aily one else tor them, or with the knowledge, advice,
or conscntof eitherof them,to Inquire into the conduct or
business transactions of any member of either House of
Congress; and aUo how much expense baa been incurred
by such examinations, the particular thereof, the fund
from winch they have been p^Td, and the law authorizing
the same." v /
At this laft^hour of the session I do not want
to take up the^ime/of the Senate; I have stated
to the Senate \h/t this communication is. It
does not purport to be an answer to the resolu-
tion, but purports to be a response by the As-
sistant Secretary of the Navy to a speech which
I made when advocating the resolution. Being*
such, I think it is a breach of the privileges of
the Senate and of the courtesy which should
characterize official intercourse between the heads
of Departments and the Senate, and I move that
it be returned to the Secretary oT the Navy.
Mr. JOHNSON. As far as the letter of the
AssistantSecretary refeis to what may have been
said by the honorable member from New Hamp-
shire in the Senate,it is clearly out of place; but
I have not read the letter and do not know that
it contains anything except a reference and an
answer to what was said by the honorable mem-
ber in debate. It seems to me, however, that the
inquiry contained in the resolution authorized the
Secretary to say what instructions were sent from
the Department concerning the case to which
the resolution of inquiry referred, and having no
knowledge of it himself he put himself in a sit-
uation to answer it by calling on the Assistant
Secretary of the Navy to inform him of the facts,
and he has transmitted that information. So far,
it seems to me, the information was called for by
the inquiry. But whatever he may have stated
in that letter—I repeat I have not seen the letter
and do not know what is m it; but whatever he
may have stated in it referring to the Senator's
speech, as an attack on the Senator individually,
is in my opinion entirely out of place and in vio-
lation of the courtesy due by the Department to
the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. It is rather a painful task for
a Senator here to interfere in a question of this
kind, but for myself upon all occasions I follow
instincts that guide me, and prefer that, as I un-
derstand it, justice and my duty shall be done.
Now, sir, we are asked by the honorable Senator
from New Hampshire, uponastatement made by
him that this is his last day in the Senate of the
United States, an appeal that it is very difficult to
resist, to send back a communication which has
been presented to theSenatefrom the head of one
of the Departments of this Government, because,
as the Senator alleges, it contains a letter ad dressed
by the Assistant Secretary of the Navy, Mr. Fox,
to the Secretary of the Navy, in part responsive
or at least intended by him to be responsive to
attacks made upon him, and also to the matter
contained in the resolution adopted by the Senate
and addressed to the Secretary of the Navy. We
have heard that resolution read. It directed the
special attention of the Secretary of the Navy to
theconduct of the Assistant Secretary. It named
the Assistant Secretary. It involved his official
acts. In addition to that, it is known to us all—
and we should be just to the Secretary of t he Navy
and tiie Assistant Secretary, and to the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire—that day after
day the honorable Senator has availed himself of
his prerogative in this body to assail that officer.
