1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
Louisiana, Mississippi, Tennessee, Alabama, Georgia, Flor-
ida, South Catolinu, and Noith Oaiolina,anumber of per-
sons, not less than one tenth in number of the votes cast
in such State at the presidential election of the year of our
Loul i860, each having taken the oath nfoie^aid ami not
having since violated it, and being a qualified voter by the.
election law of the Slate existing immediately before the
&o-eallcd act of secession, and excluding ail others, shall
reestablish a State government which f-hall be republican,
and in nowise contravening *>aid oath, such shall be recog-
nized as the true government of the State, and the State
fchall receive theieuinlcr tiic benefits of the constitutional
provision winch declares that ' the United States shall
guaianty to every State in this Union a republican foim
of government, and shall piotect each ol them against in-
vasion, and, on application of the Legislature, or the Exec-
utive, (when the Legislature cannot be convened,) against
domestic violence.}"
The President in his proclamation says that if
one tenth ot the voters shall take the amnesty
oath, they may form a State government, and
those taking the oath shall be qualified voters, and
that they alone shall be voters who were qualified
voteis under the constitution and laws of Louisi-
ana as they existed before the rebellion. General
Banks in his order 1ms violated the proclamation
of the Piesident. The President's proclamation
says that the government may be formed by per-
sons " each having taken the oath aforesaid,and
not having since violated it, and being a qualified
voter by the election law of the State existing im-
mediately before the so-called act of secession,
and excluding all others,"
Does General Banks exclude all others ? Does
he not allow soldiers and sailors to vote? He
does, fie extends and adds to the President's
proclamation presctibing the oath*, he enlarges it.
All the President requires is that this oath be
taken; and that makes a man a qualified voter,
provided he was otherwise a qualified voter under
the laws of Louisiana. I admit that the requisi-
tion of this oath was usurpation; but General
Batiks enlarges even upon that. The President
says that this oath shall be sufficient-, but General
Banksgoes further and says that thesoidieisand
sailors may vote. Under the President's procla-
mation they could not vote, being prohibited by
the constitution of Louisiana, but General Banks
allowed them to vote.
Is it compatible with the Senator's notions of
a fiee State that one tenth of the qualified voters,
provided they take a humiliating oath which
woultfcdegrade them in many respects, shall le-
gislate for the nine tenths? The one tenth fixed
by the President is one tenth of the qualified
voters, as they were by the State constitution and
laws before the rebellion; that is,one tenth of the
white people over twenty-one years of age enti-
tled to voteundcr the constitution of the State, ex-
cluding Sambo. The population of the State of
Louisiana is aboutequally divided between whites
and blacks,and the Senator advocates the propo-
sition that one tenth of the voters of the white
race,and a bare majority of that one tenth, shall
form a government for all the other people of the
State; and because the Senator from Ohio and
myself choose to resist that most anti-republican
feature, to resist this tyrannical encroachment on
the rights of the people, we are to be likened to
Herod and Pontius Pilate crucify ing a free State.
Was there ever such a monstrous utterance?
I suppose that if the Senator from Ohio and I
were to oppose the admission or recognition of a
State formed by one twentieth of the legal voters
the Senator from Wisconsin would think we were
trying to crucify a free State. Why,sir, if there
ever were sentiments uttered that crucified free
States and free republican governments, they arc
to be found in the speech of the Senator from
Wisconsin in defense of the usurpations of the
Picbident and of Geneial Banks, These are the
sentiments of crucifixion complete; there is noth-
ing left for the Senator from Ohio and myself to
crucify. The Senator from Wisconsin has cru-
cified and utterly destroyed the great principles
that underlie civil liberty; he has killed every
piinciple of civil liberty; he has become the ad-
vocate of the tyrannies and usurpations of the
Executive and IVInjor General Banks. He sup-
ports the act of the President in prescribing the
qualifications of voters in the States, and declaring
that if one tenth of them take the oath he pre-
scubes they shall have power to establish a gov-
ernment to rule over the nine tenths. The Sena-
tor is the advocate of those who commit these
usurpations, and he denounces those who oppose
them as Pilates and IieroUs.
In my judgment the decree of Pontius Pilate
was a great wrong, that of Herod was cruel. The
latter was thatall the children of Bethlehem under
two years of age should be destroyed; but infa-
mous as the decree of Herod was, it is not half
so infamous as the principles advocated by the
Senator from Wisconsin, for that affected butin-'
dividuals; it took the lives of tender infants, who,
if they died, under his Christian code the Senator
would believe went directly to heaven; but-the
Senator crucifies free States, and puts under his
iron heel every principle that underlies a free Com-
monwealth; and after murdering those principles
hcdenounces those of us who in our humble way
resist, as Pilates and Herods. He, in my judg-
ment—I say it with great deference—has out-
Herodcd Herod. If anybody should be called
Herod or Pontius Pilate, I think it is those who
govern affairs as theyaie governed in Louisiana.
The Senator tells us that one half of the whole
population of Louisiana at the time the war be-
gun, whites and blacks, have gone under the sod—
are dead. The population of the State of Louis-
iana m 1860 was about seven hundred thousand
souls. Under the policy of these rulers you have
killed about four hundred thousand of those peo-
ple. One half of all the negroes there, the Sen-
ator says, are dead. Instead of attending to
Sambo, such has been your policy that you have
put about two hundred thousand of the sable
people of that State under the sod. The decree
of Herod was not half so cruel as that, because
it only took the children under two years of age;
and here you take not only them, but you take
blooming viigins and the young men in stalwart
youth, and the aged, decrcpit, and infirm,and you
sweep them all away with one remorseless blow.
Now, sir, I think i have disposed of King
Herod, and I come to look at the Pontius Pilate
part of the proceeding. 1 do not know whether
the Senator from Wisconsin intended to liken me
to Herod or to Pilate. 1 told the Senator from
Ohio that he might take either; if lie thought he
was likened to Pilate, he mightdefend Pilate, and
if he thought 1 was likened to Herod, I would
stand on that. Pie stated he did not care a toss
of the copper which. [Laughter.] How is it
that the Senator from Ohio and myself have been
likened to Pontius Pilate sitting in judgment upon
this matter? We have not judged at all; we are
now in the council chamber; but I will tell the
Senator who did sit in judgment upon that free
State. It was the Piesident and Major General
Banks. It was they who violated the fundamental
principle ofconstitutional and civil liberty. It was
they who put the knife to the thioat of that fiee
State. When I speak of a free State here I speak
of the initiatory measure to form a government
forthe State tocome hack into the Union,although
I believe she never was out.
The first bulletin that was issued from the ex-
ecutive chamber on the subject, declared that if
one tenth of the qualified voters would take the
prescribed oath which I have recited, they might
form a State government. What was that oath?
Not alone that they should be true and faithful to
the Constitution and laws of the Union, but that
they would support all the laws and resolves
passed by Congies®, and all the proclamations
that had been issued by the Presidenton the sub-
ject of slavery since the beginning of the rebellion,
and not only that, but that they would support
all proclamations on that subject which the Pres-
ident might hereafter issue. I ask the Senator
fiom Wisconsin, would he so lower his manhood,
would he so fardebase himself as to goand crouch
at the footstool of executive power and take that
oath before beins: admitted to the rights of a free-
born citizen? Would he take the oath to support
proclamations which might afterward be issued ?
That would be swearing in the dark, as they say
out West, and no honest man would do it; yet
that was the requirement of the President. That
was the first ukase which was issued to murder
the great principles of civil and republican liberty
in Louisiana. That was received there,and then
General Banks issued ins ukase and he set aside
a clause of the constitution of Louisiana which
the President in his proclamation allowed to stand
I and be in full force concerning voters, and that
was, that soldiers and sailors in the service should
vote, when it was declared in the constitution of
Louisiana thattheyshouldnotvote. Banks found
that the President had not carried the thing far
enough, and he, too, must'not bjhfy <uirfy put (he
unconstitutional edicts of the"WKittl ffbit&e, but
he must make an uncbnstStutibriaf edfc.t of ftis
own, which he did, by proclaiming ^b&t'ttpldiers.
and sailors, who were not qualified Voters by thex
constitution of Louisiana, -should'be qtt4 fie&
voters.
That is the attitude in which €ren£ral*Banks
and the President stand, and the 'S&ifttcrir front
Wisconsin is their advocate. He denounces the
Senator from Ohio and myself because we Vesist
this usurpation, 1 am willing for myself-Iq're-
ceive the fulminafions of (he Senator from rlriw
until doomsday.' While 1 am so i.ntrenched in
the right 1 fear not the assaults of the. Senator,
no matter how strong his armor, how keen hi's
cimeter, for the blows will fall harmless'at my
feef; the truth will be my protection^ the advo-
cacy of just and correct principles my shield.
But, sir, General Banks did more. I did not
intend to criticise that learned statesman and, as
I have no doubt the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin would say , able general. He issued a proc-
lamation concerning this subject. I regret that I
have not that proclamation here; but!'have an
extiact from it, which lyvill read to the Senate:
ft Opinion is free, and candidates are numerous. Open
hostilities cannot be permitted. Indifference will be treated
as a crime, aud faction as treason."
That is the proclamation of this roost worthy
Solon, General Banks—indifference will be treated
as a crime and punished w^th an iron "hand. If
a man, after submitting himself to these humili-
ating conditions and having taken this oath, re-
fuses to vote, General Banks says he wifl treat
jthat as a crime. Was there ever a more atrocious
sentiment uttered in a free Government? The
reason why General Banks put that clause in his
proclamation is obvious. He knew that not even
one tenth of the voters of Louisiana, if left un-
biased, would come up to vote at his election the
way he wished them to vote; and hence he said,
All that have taken the oath and are thus qualified
shall vote, and if you do not vote, your indiffer-
ence will be treated as a crime. A more atrocious
sentiment was never uttered, and yet the Senator
from Wisconsin says that is a free election where
the major general commanding says who shall
be entitled to suffrage, and further .says that ail
entitled to suffrage who do not vote shall be
treated as criminajs and punished. He put the
iron heel on them.
Is that what the Senator calls freedom of elec-
tion? There was not a scintilla of freedom in
the whole matter; and when General Banks an-
nounces, in the statement which has been read,
that there was less interference by Government
authority in that election than perhaps in the
election in any State in the Union, he never made
a more erroneous statement. He must have
known that it was not true. Suppose that the
major general in command of the military forces
in the Senator's State should undertake to pre-
scribe the qualifications of voters in Wisconsin,
and the qualifications so established by him were
different liom those prescribed by the constitution
and laws of the State, and, in addition to that, he
should issue a decree that those who did not vote,
that all who exhibited indifference, should be
treated as criminals and punished with an iron
hand, would the Senator think there was much
freedom of election there?
General Banks thought he would make a great
reputation by bringing back Louisiana into the
Union, and giving his friend, the Senator from
Wisconsin, a chance to make assaults on others
for their attempts to crucify the young, free State
of Louisiana. The general had made several
efforts, in a military point of view, without win-
ning many laurels- I believe that if General
Banks had devoted himself as assiduously to his
military duties, and to fighting armed rebels, as
he did to controllingelections, and issuing ukases
on that subject, he would not have met with the
disaster which he encountered on Red river. I
hope I am mistaken in this opinion; but I think
that if he had had more love for the glory of great
achievements in arms, and less for political trick-
ery, and less hankering after cotton, he would not
have been so disastrously and disgracefully de-
feated as he was on the Red river. His vocation,
it seems, was twofold. Being a politician of some
success, he thought he could run the political ma-
chine best; and he did ran it, and he ran it with
