582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 3,
a vcngeance. He ran it over, and destroyed every
principle of "republican liberty.
* Let me tell the Senator that, we are not to be
driven from our advocacy of the right by being1
likened to Pontius Pilate or to Herod. We will
do what we believe is right.' "\jVe will meet him
in the argument on every point. Let him prove
to the Senate that the Presidentor General Banks
had any power under the Constitution, under our
system of government, to prescribe the qualifica-
tions .of .voters and of candidates for office in the
States.- Unless he can do that they must stand
confessed, in his own judgment, as usurpers. I
use the word usurpers* to indicate those who ad-
minister the functions of their offices in violation
of law. It was a maxim of the Athenians, the
wisest of the ancient commonwealths, that all
who administered the functions of their office in
violation -of law were usurpers. It is in that
sense that I use the term. However good their
intentions may have been, I say that in their ex-
ercise of power in Louisiana they overthrew the
Constitution and laws of their country which they
had sworn to support; and hence, in my judg-
ment, they are technically usurpers.
While we are not to be driven from our posi-
tion, I'think nobody is going to be dismayed or
deterred from doing their duty by the Senator an-
nouncing here that extremes have met. I would
to God that we could have more frequent meet-
ings of the extremes. The Senator from Ohio
and myself are regarded as on the extreme verge
of opposite opinions here. I am willing, when-
ever tne Senator from Ohio draws his sword and
makes a charge on those who arc overthrowing
the dearest rights of the people, and destroying
the constitutional liberty of the citizen, to fight
under his banner; and, sir, he is a sturdy old
leader.
I was gratified when the Senator from Ohio
made his manly speech on this subject. I am
willing to fight under his banner, and I will fol-
low him to the fight when the Senator from Wis-
consin and the Executive and major generals
make crusades against the civil liberties of the
people. I differ from the Senator from Ohio upon
many subjects; but there is a blunt honesty and
manhood and candor about him which I admire.
Pie is unlike the Senator from Wisconsin in one
thing. While his philanthropy and his love of
freedom are most expansive, 1 believe more so
than my own, for I do not thmk the negroes are
going to be near as well off free as they are in
slavery, while he wants them free, and goes even
as far as the Senator from Wisconsin on that
point, he has a just appreciation of the constitu-
tional and civil liberties of the white man. lie
is willing to fight for the liberties of the white
man. Just at that point, however, the Senator
from Wisconsin falls off, and goes off with a
sickly sentimentality for the woolly-headed ne-
gro, and cares nothing for " the poor white trash"
of Louisiana. The Senator from Ohio stands
manfully in the breach when their rights are as-
sailed. When he defends the poor downtrodden
white man of Louisiana, he defends the people
of the whole land. It is their common defense
against those who assail the great principles of
constitutional and civil liberty. We will stand
to our guns on that point, notwithstanding the
denunciations of the Senator from Wisconsin,
and we will fight the battle out and will not sur-
render. As 1 have enlisted under the Senator
from Ohio in this fight, I am not for yielding,
and I do not think lie is for yielding," and we
both, I believe, are animated by honest convic-
tions to defend the white people of the country
against those who seek to overthrow their con-
stitutional and civil liberties, and I believe we
will do battle to the very end; and I trust and
hope we may conquer and overthrow all the en-
emies of constitutional and civil liberty. So long
as the Senator from Ohio is engaged defending
the constitutional and civil liberties of the white
man, he will find me a faithful ally.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I am not
going to prolong this debate by attempting a re-
ply to the position assumed by the Senator from
Wisconsin in his excited remarks this morning.
We have had everything brought into the debate.
The Administration has been defended when no-
body has assailed it. Pontius Pilate and Herod
have been assailed and defended. We have had
a general discussion about reconstruction, and an
excited debate upon a question which it seems to
me should have called for no excitement; and all
I have to say to the Senate now is to appeal to its
members that, however much they may be dis-
posed to crucify over again Pilate or Herod or
the free State of Louisiana, they will not crucify
us here by bringing in all these extraneous cir-
cumstances and prolonging this debate. 1 think
every Senator understands the question. All we
wish to settle is to determine whether, on Wednes-
day next, when the canvass of the votes for Pres-
ident and Vice President takes place, the votes
from the States unrepresented in Congress, in a
condition of rebellion against the Government,
into which goods are not permitted to go, with
whom we have no friendly intercourse, shall be
counted as votes cast for President and Vice
President of the United States. We neither de-
termine that those States are in the Union or out
of the Union.
That is the question; and I appeal to Senators
to let us vote upon it. Business is pressing; the
chairman of the Committee on Finance is urgent
with his bills. I think every Senator understands
this question. Although I have no doubt every
Senator could reply to all that has been said in-
consistent with the views he himself entertains,
if all will forego the making of those replies, we
may have the vote, and settle the question. I
trust that course will be adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from New Jer-
sey, to strike out " Louisiana" from the pream-
ble.
Mr. TEN EYCK. 1 ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 beg leave to say that my
colleague [Mr. Hicks] is confined to his room by
sickness, and has been for the last two or three
days.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS— Met-srs. Cowan, Dikoti, Doolittle, Farwell, Har-
lan, Ilairid, llowe, Lano of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
NoMinth, Pomeroy, ltamsey, Ten Kyck, Van Winkle, and
Willey—15.
NAVS—Messrs. Brown, Buekalew, Clark, Collamer,
Conines, Davis, Foxier, Hrndi'ison, Hendricks, Howard,
Johnson, Moigan, Morrill, Powell, Saul>hury, Sherman,
Spiague, Suinner, .Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson, and
Wi i ht—02.
A13SENT—Messrs. Anthony, Carlilo, Chandler, Foot,
Ginnes, Hale, Ilaidntg, Hicks, McDougall, Nye, Richaid-
son, Riddle, Stewart, and Wilson—14.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Is it in order to move
to strike out the preamble?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas 1 make that motion,
and I ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The ypas and nays wore oidered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Kan-
sas will observe that if the preamble is stricken
out the resolution will be unmeaning, and wc
shall then have to put into the resolution the names
of the States. To strike out the preamble and
do no more would leave the resolution unmean-
ing.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to have
the preamble and resolution read.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Illinois
will modify the preamble by using the words " in
f uch a condition," instead of " in a state of rebel-
lion," the preamble will not be objectionable to
me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 have no objection to that
if the Senator makes the motion; but I have no
authority to make the modification.
Mr. POMEROY. As it is m order to modify
the preamble before the question is taken on strik-
ing it out, I move to amend it by substituting the
words " such a condition" instead of " state of
rebellion."
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is in the part of the
preamble which was amended on the report of the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. SUMNER. As I understand it, the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kansas is not now in
order; he proposes to amend words which have
been voted into the preamble on the motion of the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If that be the case
the amendment is not in order.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator may make his
motion at another stage.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I asked the Chair if
my motion was not in order, and he announced
that it was.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of the
Senator was to strike out the preamble to the res-
olution, upon which the Senate had not voted;
but an amendment to alter words which the Sen-
ate have already inserted is not in order.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I suppose I can make
my motion at a future time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's mo-
tion ia in order. It is the amendment of his col-
league which is out of oider.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it in order to strike out
a preamble which, if stricken outj^will leave an
unmeaning resolution ? By looking at the resolu-
tion you will find that it refers to the preamble,
and if you strike out the preamble the resolution
will have no meaning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion to
strike out is clearly m order.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to the
preamble being stricken out, but I will not vote
to strike out the preamble, if it is to leave an un-
meaning resolution. Ifthe Senator from Kansas
prefers that the preamble be stricken out and will
at the same time propose to alter the resolution so
that it will read, 44 that the States of Virginia,
North Carolina,"&c., instead of the words "the '
States mentioned in the preamble," I shall have
no objection to his motion; but I cannot consent to
strike out the preamble and leave an unmeaning
resolution. I presume he himself would not desire
that.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. " Sufficient unto the
day is the evil thereof." I propose, if the pre-
amble be stricken out, to offer then to amend the
resolution to meet my own views on the subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope then it will not be
stricken out.
Mr. SUMNER. I will simply observe that the
motion of the Senator from Kansas, if it prevailed,
would make nonsense of theresolution. i think*
therefore, we had better vote against it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will not the resolu-
tion be in the hands of the Senate for amendment,
if the preamble be stricken out? My object is
to have the resolution amended to suit my own
views.
The question being taken on the motion <ff Mr.
Lane of Kansas, by yeas and nays, resulted—
yeas 12, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cowan, Doolittle, Hailan, Hairfc, Howe,
Lane^of Indiann, Lane ol Kansas, Nesimth, Pomeroy,
Ten Evcl', Van Winkle, and WiUey—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Uuckalew, Chandler, Clark,
Connes«, Davis, Dixon, Farwell, Foster, Grimes, Hale,
Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Johnson, Morgan, Mor-
rill, Nye, Powell, Ramsey, SauUhury, Sherman, Sprague,
Stewait, Sumner, Tiumbuli, Wade, Wilkinson, Wilson,
and Wnght—3D.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Cnrhle, Collamer, Foot,
Harding, Hicks, McDougall, Richaidson, and ttiddle—9.
So the Senate refused to strike out the pream-
ble.
Mr. COLLAMER. I now offer my amend-
ment to strike out the preamble and the whole of
the resolution except the resolving clause, and to
insert:
That the people of no State,the inhabitants whereof have
been declared in a state of insurrection by virtue of the
fifth section of the act entitled "An act fuither to provide
lor the collection of duties on impoits, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 13,1861, shall he regarded as em-
powered to elect electois of President and Vice President
of the United States until said condition of lnsuuection
shall cease, and be so declared by virtue of the law ot tiie
United States; nor shall any vote cast by any such elec-
tois elected by the votes of the inhabitants of any Mich
State, orlheLegi>lature thereof, be received or counted.
Mr. HARRIS. I proposetoamend that amend-
ment by substituting what I sent to the Chair.
Mr. COLLAMER. Before the amendment of
the Senator from New York is read, I desire to
modify my amendment, at the suggestion of the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] by inserting
the words " or until they shall be represented in
both Houses of Congress," after the clause rel-
ative to the condition of insurrection having
ceased and been so declared by virtue of a law of
the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
amendment will be so modified. The question
now is on amending the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, by striking it all out and in-
serting the substitute proposed by the Senator
from New York, which will be read.
