1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
men, aie unable to reach in the regular discharge of their
duties.
A bill providing for two additional local inspectors at
* New York has passed the House, (as I am informed,) and
i think that the business of inspection as well as the inter-
ests of commerce at New Yoik would be greatly facilitated
if that bill could pass the Senate at its present session.
With great respect,
W. P. FESSENOEN,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. Z. Chandler, Chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, United States Senate.
Mr. COLLAMER. But how is it about Ga-
lena ?
Mr. CHANDLER. I am informed by the
•Representative from Galena that it is very im-
portant that these men should be appointed for
Galena.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move to strike oat all
of the bill except in regard to New Yoi-lc.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The Chair presumes the Senator moans to strike
out that portion relative to Galena.
Mr. CQLLAMER. Yes, sir.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
in line five, section one, after " New York" to
strike out " and two local inspectors at the city
of Galena in Illinois, "and in lines eight and nine,
to strike out " and $800 for the two local inspect-
ors at the city of Galena, Illinois."
Mr. CHANDLER. I am riot advised in regard
to the necessity for these inspectors; but they are
lecommended by the board of steamboat inspect-
ors, and likewise by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and earnestly recommended by the Repre-
sentative of that district, who is chairman of the
Committee on Commerce in the other House.
The committee of the Senate were satisfied the
provision was nccessary, and therefore recom-
mended it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
The amendment was concurred in, and ordered
to be engrossed, and the bill to be read a third
time. It was read the third time, and passed.
The title was amended by striking out the
words, " and for two local inspectors at Galena,
Illinois."
JOINT COMMITTEE ON COMMERCE.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce have directed me to report back the joint
resolution (Ii. R. No. 178) to authorize the con-
tinuation of the Joint Committee on Commerce of
tlieSenateand House of Representatives after the
4th day of March 1865, to complete their investi-
gations and make their report on the subject of
trade with the rebellious States. I ask for its
consideration now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution. It proposes that the Committee
on Commerce on the part of the Senate and the
Committee on Commerce on the part of the House,
acting as a joint committee in the Thirty-Eighth
Congress for the investigation of trade with the
rebellious States, by virtue of the resolutions of
the House of Representatives and the concurrent
resolution of the Senate and House, shall be con-
tinued after the 4th of March, 1865, for the pur-
pose of closing their investigations and making
their report; and that the report when completed,
together with the evidence taken, shall be filed
with the Clerk of the House, and be printed. The
chairman of either of the committees is to have
power to issue subpenas and compel the attend-
ance of witnesses in the same manner as the
Speaker of the House or President of the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 should like to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Commerce what
is the necessity for the continuance of this com-
mittee of investigation. So far as I am concerned
I am satisfied already that this trade with the
rebellious States should cease. I understand
that the House of Representatives have so ex-
pressed themselves by nearly a unanimous vote,
and have sent a bill of that description to the Sen-
ate. I understand further that our Committee
on Commerce have reached the same conclusion
and reported favorably to that bill. I should like
to inquire of the chairman where that bill is, and
if he proposes to take it up this morning?
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not, for the reason
that it will lead to discussion, as I am informed
by members of the Senate. I pledged myself that
1 would not take up a bill that would lead to dis-
cussion. If there is time I shall certainly bring
that up.
Mr. GRIMES. So it seems that although the
House of Representatives have expressed their
wishes by almost a unanimous vote, and the Sen-
ate I am satisfied is strongly in favor of the bill,
we are not to have an opportunity to vote upon
it because the chairman of the committee will not
bring it up for fear that somebody will oppose it!
Mr. CHANDLER. I shall try to bring it up
before the close of the session.
Mr. GRIMES. Yet he proposes to continue
the investigation of the committee to elicit the
facts in regard to this bill which we are all in
favor of!
Mr. CHANDLER. I will merely state this
joint resolution is to continue a sub-committee of
the Committee on Commerce of the two Houses.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to postpone the joint
resolution under consideration and all other sub-
jects, to take up the bill in regard to the cotton
trade.
The motion was agreed to.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 806) to authorize the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to settle the accounts of
Colonel William Gates was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Claims.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 180) for the
relief of Lueretia M. Perry, widow of Nathaniel
H. Perry, late purser United States Navy, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee son Naval Affairs.
INTERCOURSE WITH INSURRECTIONARY STATES.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state that the bill
called up by the Senator from Iowa, or one to the
same effect substantially, was recommended by
the Committee on Commerce some time ago and
is now on our table. The Secretary of the Treas-
ury is of opinion that the bill should notpass. He
informed me yesterday that he thought it would
be very injurious to the interests of the Treasury
and of the Government, and he is very much op-
posed to its passage. He said that there was a
controversy between the Army and Navy and the
Treasury Department. As I understand it, the
Navy first commenced stealing cotton, and stole
very largely—manymilliondollars'worth. Then
the Army came in and seized cotton, and there
came a controversy between the Army and the
Navy; and finally we passed a law prohibiting
both the Army and Navy from touching cotton,
and placing this matter jn the hands of the Treas-
ury agents.
Mr. GRIMES. And the Treasury agents want
a monopoly of stealing. That is all there is ofit.
Mr. CHANDLER. One moment. 1 will come
to that by and by.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The Chair will state that the bill is not on the
Clerk's table.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to discharge the Com-
mittee on Commerce from the further considera-
tion of the bill. I learn that it has not been re-
ported back.
The motion to discharge the committee was
agreed to, and the Senate, as in Committee of the
Whole, proceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No.
805) to repeal the eighth section of an act enti-
tled "An act in addition to the several acts con-
cerning commercial intercourse between loyal
and insurrectionary States, and to provide for the
collection of captured and abandoned property,
and the prevention of frauds in States declared
in insurrection," approved July 2, 1864. The
bill contains a proviso that the repeal shall not
affect any contract of sale provided for by the
section repealed where actual delivery of the prod-
ucts has been made.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 was about to remark,
when interrupted, that two years ago the Com-
mittee on Commerce introduced a bill prohibit-
ing captures on our inland waters by the Navy
of the United States. That bill failed to become
a law. It was violently opposed by the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs and by the representatives
of the Navy upon this floor. Owing to the fail-
ure of that bill, many million dollars' worth of
cotton were seized by the Navy and soldas prize,
and as I am informed by the Secretary of the
Treasury not one single dollar ever reached the
Treasury of the United States in all this class of
cases.
The eighth section of the act of July 2, 1864,
which is now proposed to be repealed, is a sec-
tion prohibiting, under pains and penalties of the
severest kind, officers of the Army or Ifavy from
touching cotton or the products of the southeyipt
States, under any circumstances whatever; and
it placed the whole businessof seizing and taking
care of southern products, cottpn, rice, tobacco,
&c., in the hands of the Treasury agents. Under
the old system the Navy was usually accompa-
nied with wagons in order that it might seize all
the cotton within a radius of from ten to fifteen
miles as naval prize; and I am told that on the
Red river expedition, naval wagon trains were the
chief source of making naval captures. The boats
which were detained above the Red river raft were
so overloaded with cotton which had bee.n seized
as naval prize in the burns and storehouses within
ten miles of that river that they could not pass
the Red river bar. I am told that the command-
ant of the naval forces refused to lighten his ves-
sels by throwing the cotton overboard; and after
the flood carried away the raft, an engineer, a
lieutenant colonel in one of our volunteer regi-
ments, who had been engaged in the lumber busi-
ness up in Wisconsin, finally devised another
raft, and they got the vessels and most of the cot-
ton off.
The very moment the law of July 2,18C4,came
in force, there was a hue and cry raised, first by
the Navy. I believe the Senator from Iowa intro-
duced a bill this very winter authorizing the Navy
to make prize anywhere within tide-water. It
is tide-water right down here at our dock; it is
tide-water one hundred miles up any of our great
rivers and in some cases perhaps five hundred
miles up our great rivers, and the Senator pro-
posed to authorize the Navy to make naval prizes
wherever the tide backed out; but under the law
as it now exists the Navy can only make prize
three miles off the coast. In other words they
have got to chase a ship and seize her and her
cargo before they can have it confiscated for the
benefit of the officers of the Navy; but according
to the old rule they could take teams anywhere
within nine miles of where a ship could run.
This controversy has been going on between
officers of the Army and Navy and the Treasury
Department from thatday to this. The very mo- '
ment the Treasury agents began to seize the cot-
ton and use it for the benefit of the Treasury the
Navy raised a cry of stealing. They had done
all the stealing before, and they objected to any
sortof a division of thespoils; they wanted a mo-
nopoly. Now the Secretary of the Treasury in-
forms me that all this hue and cry between the
Army and Navy and the Treasury has been a
sort of contest to see who shall steal, and he says
there is no possible chance, there is no contin-
gency under which, under the existing law, one
single dollar can be plundered or stolen by a
Treasury agent; and ne tells me that if you re-
peal this law the stealing of cotton will go on as
it did before, that the traffic is so profitable that
there is no such thing as preventing it. Youfind
rascals in the Navy and in the Army and every-
where; and the Treasury will be defrauded, and
more injury will accrue than benefit.
This is the statement made to me yesterday by
the Secretary of the Treasury, who will be a
member of this body to-morrow at noon, and
although the Committee on Commerce recom-
mended the passage of the bill, upon consultation
with the Secretary of the Treasory and with
others who are conversant with this whole sub-
ject, I am satisfied the bill ought not to be passed.
Mr. COLLAMER. Permit me to ask the gen-
tleman a question or two. Does he understand
how it is, by what authority, these licenses have
been granted, some of which have been published,
to persons to go and buy cotton who are not
agents of the Government at all? By what law
is that?
Mr. CHANDLER. I am informed that no
such licenses have been issued.
Mr. COLLAMER. But we have a .report
lying on our tables, printed, showing the fact to
be so.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will pardon
me, 1 will give him the Secretary's explanation.
He told me that applications were made for licenses
under the law for the purchase of cotton; that the
officer in the Treasury having charge of the busi-
ness, Mr. Risley, a very upright and honorable
