1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
anil to cause the laws to be duly executed, and the insur-
gent-* shall have tailed tn dispeite tiy the tune directed by
the riBSKieiit, and when said insurgents claim id act trader
the authonty (it any State or States, and such claim is nut
disclaimed or repudiated by the peuons exercising the func-
tions uf government in such State or States, 01 in the part
or part^ tiiereof in which said combination exists, nor such
lusurieetion suppressed bv said State or States, then and
in such case it may and shall be lavvtul for the President
liv proclamation todeclare that the inhabitants ot'such State,
or any section or part thereof, wiiere such insurrection ei-
i*ts,,ire m a state of insurrection against the United States ;
and thereupon all commercial intercourse by and between
the same and the citizens thereof and the citizens of the
rest ot the United States shall cease and be unlawful."
How long? Until Congress shall declare that
the condition of hostility no longer exists, or
until the President shall declare that it no longer
exists ? No, but
" Shall cease and he unlawful so long as such condition
of hostility shall continue." 1
So that, looking to the mere words of the act,
and looking to the constitutional authority of
Congress, and consequently the duty of Con-
gress, the moment the insurrection ends, or, to
use the language of theact,the moment the hostil-
ity ceases, then the commercial intercourse begins
a°;ain,and that beginning, the State is back in the
Union for all purposes. Now, therefore, the only
question is, (as that act does not provide that the
state of hostilities is to continue until Congress
shall, by some act thereafter, declare that such
hostilities have terminated,) whether the act itself,
with reference to the provisions contained in the
fifth section, does not expire upon the happening
of the contingency of the cessation of hostilities.
How would that be in a certain state of things
that can well be imagined ?
That act was passed on the 13th of July. The
President, sometime in August, issued a procla-
mation stating that these States were in a state of
insurrection. Suppose soon after that, Congress
having adjourned and not being in session,every
man in each one of these States so declared to be
in hostility to the United States had latd down
his arms, ceased to carry on any hostile proceed-
ing against the United States, would they not be
entitled to the benefit of the Constitution of the
United States until Congress should meet in the
following month of December and by act of Con-
gress declare hostilities to have terminated, or un-
til the two branches should have received the
members ?
1 submit—of course with due deference, because
my friend from Vermont entertains a different
opinion—that the moment that in point of fact
hostilities have ended, the rebellion is at an end;
and the moment the rebellion is at an end the
States are back. My fiiend tells us, and tells us
very propctly, that in the case of an international
war once properly commenced, it cannot be ter-
minated by any tieaty which does not receive the
sanction of the Senate of the United States. This
is all true enough, but the war may terminate
long before any treaty is made.
Suppose that during the last war with England
she had withdrawn all her armies, had pro-
nounced her determination through her Parlia-
ment that as far as she was concerned she wished
to be considered at peace with the United States,
would not the war in point of fact have termi-
nated,although there was no treaty of peace? The
Constitution provides that Congress shall declare
war. Suppose they do not declaie war, may not
war exist in the absence of a declaration? Cer-
tainly it may. That the courts have decided over
and over again. And if war can commence by
the happening of hostilities in point of fact, and
be accepted by the President in defending the na-
tion under lus authority to see that the consti-
tution and laws are faithfully executed, why can
not the war be terminated in point of fact, even
an international war? But in relation to a war of
this description, as I stated just now, there can be
no doubt on that point. Congress has no con-
stitutional right to carry on a war against States.
If my friend will look at the decision in the prize
cases he will find that the majority and minority
both admitted that there is not in Congress or in
any department of the Government any power to
declare war as against a State. It is not provided
for in the Constitution. The whole authouty
that Congress have on the subject, is under the
powerto suppress insurrection. Whether in sup-
pressing insurrection the insurrection may cul-
minate to such a point as to amount to war in
the meaning of the prize law, is another question;
but so far as the declaration of war is concerned,
there is no authority at all in Congress, or in any
other department of the Government, legislative
or executive, to declare war against a State.
Then what is the authority, the sole authority ?
To call outthe militia and the forces of the United
States to put down insurrection. How long does
that last? Only so long as that insurrection con-
tinues. That must be very clear. How was it
with what is called the whisky insurrection? It
did not go to the extent that the courts or the
President would have been authorized to say that
a state of war existed between Pennsylvania and
the United States. Congress did not declare that
the insurrection was at an end; nothing like it.
The President declared it. It ended itself. The
insurrectionists laid down their arms, expressed
willingness to yield obedience to the authority of
the United States, and that ended the insurrec-
tion and disbanded our forces, and that happen-,
ing, the State of Pennsylvania, every pait of it,
stood exactly in the relation, for all purposes, in
which the State and every part of it stood before
the insurrection was commenced. There is in
the Constitution no power todeclare waragainst
the State of Tennessee, (to take a single case,)
and nobody, I suppose, will say that there is.
The Constitution never contemplated such acon-
tingency. It was proposed in the Convention,
but it was objected to upon the ground that a pro-
vision of that description would place the United
States in their relation to the State against which
war was declared as a foreign nation for all pur-
poses, and carry the State out of the Union. The
answer was that all that was necessary to have
accomplished what could be accomplished by
giving to Congress the authority to declare war
against a State, was to make each citizen of the
United States amenable to the Constitution and
laws of the United States, and to empower the
Government to put down insurrection.
That being my view, I maintain, I repeat it
again, (with great respect for the opposite opin-
ion entertained by the honorable member from
Vermont,) that if these men were to throw down
their arms to-morrow they would be in the Union,
and we have no authority to keep them out. The
authority to keep them out now is because of the
insurrection, and because ofour authority by force
of arms to put down that insurrection; but., the
insurrection terminating, they stand as they stood
before.
Mr. CLARK. I suppose the Senator would
not insist that this vote should be counted oven if
they did throw down their arms.
Mr. JOHNSON. Notatall; by no manner of
means.
Now, Mr. President, a singular state of things
is existing at the very moment I am speaking.
The President of the United States, under the
authority of the act of 1861, has declared these
States in a state of insurrection, and we have hun-
dreds of thousands of men upon the field of bat-
tle. What is said to be the case? Officially or
unofficially he sends or authorizes to go to Rich-
mond a very respectable genrieman, as it is sup-
posed to ascertain upon what terms this war can
terminate, or, to state it in different words, on
what terms or conditions this insurrection can
terminate. He goes. He is said to have leturned.
While there he had an interview with these rebel
authorities. He returns. He goes back again in
a Government vessel. Did he, after his return
and before he went back to Richmond, have an
in terview with the President of the United States ?
If so, what was the result of that interview? We
do not know, but we may have our speculations
about it. Suppose that in that interview, acting
under an express authority from the confederate
authorities, he informed the President of the Uni-
ted States that they are willing to lay down their
arms now, and come back into the Union at once;
that they are will ing to admit that slavery is either
actually abolished by force of his proclamation,
or that it has been abolished to the extent that your
armies have gone and you have got actual phys-
ical possession of the negro; and that they are
willing to leave the question of the effect oi the
proclamation over such portion of the slaves as
have not come within the possession of the mili-
tary authorities of the United States to be passed
upon by the courts. The President, it is said, is
willing to do that,
once.
He has said Chat hiore than
Suppose; further, that they are_#i!fifig^r
dealing in speculation", but I belieVe to "a'certain
extent it is right—suppose they'arfe billing tffSay, .
" We assent in coming back to .the; Union to.be
governedby any constitutional ameriflmenf which
may be now in progress, or which may be'starttil
hereafter, abolishing slavery throughout the Util-
ted States;" and the President sayff, (for no treaty
isnecessary,) " 1 agree; I am warringagainst yoq
now exclusively under the authority of the act
of the 13th of July, 1861. I agree to that; if you
will throw down your arms and express a wrtl-1
ingness to abide by the decision of the couHs on
ail questions of doubt in relation to the continu-
ance of slavery, if you will not claim the right
to have restored to slavery those who have en-
joyed even for a moment the blessings of freedom,
and you are willing to stand by any constitutional
amendment upon that subject which may be
adopted by the required number of States, come
back, come back, for I have no right to carry on
the war further; the war ends of itself." It would
be, in my view, upon the part of the President
murder if he authorized a single man to be shot
upon the field of battle or otherwise after such a
state of things as that should arise.
Suppose—and no doubt that will be a condition
if wc are to have peace, and I pray to God'we
may have it—these gentlemen should say further
that there is one condition which must be under-
stood between us. Suppose they should say (and
1 believe it is true of some of them) they have
honestly believed that the right of secession ex-
ists. Gentlemen are not to forget that upon that
question some of the best minds in the country,
North and South, have held different opinions.
Many of them have entertained that opinion. I
think it is a terrible heresy, as the result has
proved, a most pestilent heresy, a destructive
heresy, but it was earnestly entertained. The
President of the United States himself, when he
was in Congress in 1845 or 1846, if he meant what
his words stated, entertained it. Some of the
leading presses of the country at the North have
entertained it. I mention it not for the purpose of
giving it any little support that it might possibly
derive from any opinion of my own upon it, or
weakening it by the expression of an adverse
opinion, an opinion which I have sincerely en-
tertained fiont the time I was capable of thinking;
but I cannot be blind to the fact that some of the
best men of the South,patriotic men, were of that
opinion; and the inhabitants of the South to a
great extent, and particularly the young and ar-
dent who thought they were the saltof the earth,
because of the existence of the institution of sla-
very, and that there could be no civilization with-
out it, have been made to believe that the doctrine
was a sound one. They have seen their error.
God knows they ought to have seen it. They
see it now in its recognition in their own consti-
tution. They are threatened now with destruc-
tion, with dissolution, because they have incor-
porated that doctrine in their constitution. They
see—and God be praised that they have been
made to see it—that the resolution of the country
is so perfect, and the devotion to the Union is so
absolute, that, happen what will, we of the loyal
States mean to prosecute the war to the end until
the insurrection is put down, which has no other
foundation in point of law than the assumed right
of secession.
Now, suppose that these commissioners who
are said to be with the President—Stephens, who
denounced secession, and predicted almost in
words what the South has suffered; Hunter, who
never was a party to it; Campbell, of the Supreme
Court, who, 1 know, whatever his opinions may
have been when he was at the bar of Alabama,
after he came to be a member of the Supreme
Court, and it was his duty to study the decisions
of that tribunal to make himself fit to discharge
its eminent duties, and after he became eminently
capable, thought it was the vilest heresy that
ever entered into the imagination of man, but was
carried away by circumstances surrounding him
—suppose they come and say to the President,
and say to us, " We know that the whole thing
has been wrong; we see the horrors which have
resulted from it. To say nothing of the conse-
quences to the North, which are comparatively
