1865.
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
urn
way through. I was overruled at one time by
the Committee on Commerce last year; I was
overruled again this year; but still I have been of
the impression that this trafficking should be
taken out of the hands of the Army and of the
Navy, and placed in the hands of the Treasury.
That abuses have grown up I have no doubt, very
grave and serious abuses; but is it not better that
these abuses, if they must continue, should be
kept out of the fighting element of the country ? Is
it not better, if demoralization must take place,
that it should be kept outof the Navy, which the
Senator so ably represents? Jn the early stages
of this war I labored the whole of one session
to get a law through prohibiting the Navy from
making prize of cotton on our inland waters. The
Senator from iowa defeated me, and by defeating
me he kept out of theTreasuiy more than one
hundred million dollars that ought to be there
to-day in gold.
I have already said that great demoralization
took place in the Army and Navy in consequence
of the prevalence of their dealing in cotton with
the enemy; the disaster of the Red river expedi-
tion was attributed directly to the desire, on the
part of officers of the Government not connected
with the Treasury, to speculate in cotton. With
the permission of the Senate f will read the eighth
section of the act of July 2,1864, which it is now
proposed to repeal:
" That it shall be lawful for the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, with the apptovalof the President, to authorize agents
to purchase lor the United States any products of States
declared in insurrection, at such places therein as shall be
designated by him, at such prices as shall be agreed on
with the seller, not exceeding the maiket value thereof at
the place of delivery, nor exceeding three fourths of the
maiket value thereof in the city of New York at the l.itf&t
quotation* known to the agent purchasing: Provided,rV\mt
no part of the purchase money for any products so pur-
chased shall be paid, or agreed to be paid, outot any other
fund than that uu&ing fiom propcity sold a«5 captured or
abandoned, oi puicha<ed and sold under the provisions of
this act. Ali property so purchased shall he forwarded for
sale at such place or places as shall be designated by the
Secretary of the Treasury, and the moneys arising theie-
fioai, after payment of the pin chase money and the other
expenses connected therewith, *hall he paid into the Treas-
ury of the United States ; and the accounts of all moneys
so leceivod and paid shall be rendered to, and audited by,
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury."
After consultation with those who are conver-
sant with this traffic, after consultation with the
Secretary of the Treasury, 1 find my own judg-
ment confirmed. My opinion from the first has
been that if this traffic must exist it should be taken
out of the hands of the Army and Navy and
placed under the management of Treasury agents,
and that there should be an absolute prohibition
as to any other avenue for traffic. I believe it
will be injurious to the Government to repeal the
eighth section of the law of last year; and al-
though I was instructed by the Committee on
Commerce to report the bill 1 am of opinion that
it ought not to be passed.
Mr. MORRILL. This is a question of a good
deal of importance, and i confess that it is not
without its difficulties. The question simply is
as to authorizing trade in the products of insur-
rectionary States on the part of the Government;
in other words, authorizing the Government to
purchase.
I desire, Mr. President, that the Senate should
understand the general position of the question,
both as matter of law and as matter of fact; and
in the simplest way I can 1 will state it.
The principal product, of course, is that of cot-
ton; and that is a very big question of itself.
The whole product of cotton supposed to be in
the insurrectionary States at the present time is
about four million bales; and to some extent it is
a question whether it shall be left under the law,
independent of this eighth section, to be declared
confiscable property, seized by the Army and
Navy, and turned over to the agents of the Gov-
ernment, and sold as forfeited and confiscable
property on behalf of theGovernment, or whether,
on the other hand, it shall be purchased by Gov-
ernment agents for the Government. As the law
stands i think that is about the question that is
presented to us.
The arguments, on the one side and the other,
are these: it is said if you treat these products
as forfeited to the United States, and undertake
to confiscate them and appropriate them to the
Government withoutcompensation to the owners,
the result will be that you will lose the crop; it
will be burned. To avoid that difficulty it is said
that the Government had better hold out some
inducement to the owners of this cotton to bring
it within our lines and sell it. That policy is
founded on two suggestions: first, that the crop
is indispensable to the industry of the country^
and secondly, that it is nearly indispensable to
the finances of the country. This policy, as 1
understand it, is founded on those two assump-
tions: first, that we need this cotton crop; it is
indispensable to the domestic industry of the
country, and to the manufactures; and in the
second place 
Mr. COLLAMER. " Cotton is king."
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, cotton is king, as my
friend from Vermont very truly says. Undoubt-
edly, to the extent of the demand of our domestic
manufactures, he is king; he is master of the sit-
uation. We absolutely need cotton. It is ab-
solutely indispensable to the prosperity of the
nation iu this regard. His kingship remains to
be seen.
Now, as to the question of finance, the neces-
sity of having cotton for exportation, to sustain
the finances of the country; on that I have no in-
formation that is not common to the Senate. Suf-
fice it to say that the present Secretary of the
Treasury and his predecessor both believed that it
was of the utmost importance that that crop, some-
how or other, should be reached by the Govern-
ment, and should be brought out, so that the Gov-
ernment could make it available. Now, how does
the law stand? By the law of 1861 we declared
that all trade with the insurrectionary States was
unlawful,and all trade wasabsolutely prohibited.
By subsequent acts we declared that all the prod-
ucts in the insurrectionary States belonging to
rebels were forfeited, were liable to beconfiscated
and turned over to the agents authorized to be ap-
pointed by the Treasury Department, to be appro-
priated for the benefit of the At my, and also for the
benefit of the Treasury. Under the operation of
that law the Treasury really received very little
benefit; so that, down to the passage of this act
last year, embracing the section now under con-
sideration, the policy of the Government had been
not to trade; theGovernment would have no trade.
The Government went upon the idea that the
property and products in these insutrectionary
States belonged to the Government, and it might
appropriate them for the benefit of the Army, and
what was not needed for the benefit of the Army
as it marched through this country should be
turned over to the Treasury and disposed of for
the benefit of the Treasury. It also adopted the
additional policy that ali trade by citizens should
be inhibited in these insurrectionary States, and
we continued that policy. The honorable chair-
man has very properly stated that an abuse sptang
up both in the Army and Navy, the struggle
being for the possession of this cotton.
In view of these facts, Congress last year un-
dertook to regulate this trade somewhat further;
and, perceiving the evil growing out of the prac-
tice of the Army and Navy, Congress imposed
further restrictions upon the trade, and they im-
posed severe penalties upon the officers or soldiers
of the Army or Navy who should undertake to
interfere in the staple products of the insurrection-
ary States. But it was concluded by the Senate,
under circumstances to which I need not now par-
ticularly refer, that while the Army and the Navy
should not interfere with these products, and while
it was improper for citizens to carry on this trade
with the insurrectionary States, yet it would be
wise and proper, for the reasons 1 have stated, to
supply our domestic manufactures, and also as
affecting the finances of the country, that the Gov-
ernment should address itself directly to parties
owning cotton in the insunectionary States and
induce them to bring it out and bring it within our
lines. In order to do that this eighth section pro-
vided that the Government might appoint agents,
and they might purchase cotton, paying in no case
more than seventy-five per cent, of the actual value
of the product in New York.
Mr. COLLAMER. Purchasing it for theGov-
ernment.
Mr. MORRILL. They were to purchase for
the Government, on account of the Government,
and for the benefit of the Government, for the rea-
sons 1 have stated. 1 believe this is the law, and
the policy of the law, up to this time. Now for
the practice as it stands at the present moment.
Under the eighth section of this law of last year
the present Secretary of the Treasury jnade rules
and regulations for carrying into effect what he
conceived to be the provisions of that law; and
several agents have been appointed,one $t Mem-
phis, one at New Orleans, one at Norfolk-rI.be-
lieve six or eight in all—who were authorized,to
purchase these products. Rules and Regulations
for their government were promulgated by the
Secretary of the Treasury and approved byc the
President of the United States, and thereupon the
Secretary of War and the Secretary of the Navy
issued their orders giving to these agents, and the
parties whom they should authorize to make these
purchases, facilities to pass within our lines and
put themselves in communication with the prod-
ucts in the insurrectionary States and the own-
e s thereof, and thus give them that facility and
the additional advantage of transportation to bring
out these products, both by the Army and the
Navy, to the place designated by the agent for
their delivery.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish the gentleman to
understand that that law did not authorize them
to go into the country and buy and bring in these
products, but to authorize the people who had
the products to come iu with them.
Mr. MORRILL. The Senator is speaking of
the law; 1 am speaking of the regulations.
Mr. COLLAMER. The regulations are so.
Mr. MORRILL. The regulations of the Treas-
ury go to the extent which I have stated. Under
the regulations of the Treasury, parties are au-
thorized to penetrate our lines and pass within
the rebel lines. Our military and naval author-
ities are instructed by those Departments to give
them egress, and to furnish them facilities and
transportation to bring out the cotton. These t
understand to be the regulations.
Now, sir, there are two classes of transactions
that sprang up under this section: first, these
agents located at these different points have made
contracts for cotton directly with the owners, and
cotton to some extent has been delivered to them.
They have purchased it and paid for it. Those
contracts would be within the purview of the
law, within the letter of the law, within the spirit
of the law. But there is another class of con-
tracts, which have been referred to by the Sena-
tor from Vermont, which are in the nature of
permits. These agents, instead of purchasing
cotton of the owners or sellers, on its production
and delivery, have authorized numerous persons
who go by permit into the rebel lines and secure
the cotton. For instance, a person will come to
one of these agents and represent that he has
within his control—not that he is the owner, but
that he has within his control—say one hundied
and fifty thousand bales of cotton, situated m the
Srates of South Carolina, Florida, Alabama, and
Georgia, and he says he wishes a pei mit to get it
out, and thereupon a permit is granted; and un-
der that permit he has the authority both of the
Army and Navy to go through our lines into the
States in insurrection, and he is to have the facil-
ities for bringing that cotton out. When it is
brought to the point designated in his permit,
either to New Otleans or to Memphis, then it is
to be transported to New York on Government
account, at the Governmentexpense, and is to be
s^ld 'n the market; the expenses to he deducted;
one fourth of it to be reserved to the Treasury,
and three fourths paid to the party who has the
permit.
Mr. COLLAMER. Those permits enable the
man who gets the cotton to bring it to the place
of shipment, and ship it to New York at Govern-
ment expense, and he is then to sell it, and then,
after paying the expenses of shipment, one fourth
of it is to go to the Government; but the agent of
the Government has nothing in the world to do
with it.
Mr. MORRILL. Now, Mr. President/it will
be seen there are two classes of transactions.
The first, to which I have referred, is clearly
within the spirit, and 1 think within the letter,
of the law. As to the permits, every Senator
must judge for himself how far they are within
the spirit and how far they ate within the intent
and object of that law. Tho committee who ex-
amined this matter really did not feel that the last
class of transactions was within the object or
spirit of that law; and accordingly this bill ia
framed to protect the first class of transactions,
while it ignores tha last. It.is not a matter that
