1352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
I design to argue. I believe I have stated in a
general way, imperfectly I know, the law and the
fact on this subject. I want to add another word.
It is a matter of a good deal of consideration.
The Treasury Department think it is a question
between getting out the cotton for the benefit of
the Government and burning it. How far that
is true, every Senator must judge for himself.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section to the bill:
And be it further enacted, That all cotton seized by the
military or naval authorities, or surrendered to said au-
thorities, shall be delivered to the officers of the Treasury,
and vouchers shall be given to the owner or ciainiant of
such cotton, entitling such owner or claimant, personally,
to payment for such cotton at the end of the war, less taxes
and expenses, in bonds of tile Onited States, bearing six
per cent, interest, redeemable in twenty years.
We all agree that there have been corrupt
practices—corrupt practices in the Army, in the
Navy, in the civil Departments, growing out of
these cotton permits. We all desire to see these
corrupt practices abandoned altogether. It is,
however, of vital importance to the finances of the
country, to the industry of the people, to obtain
cotton if we can do so without giving aid to the
rebel authorities. If we purchase the cotton, and
pay in goods, in gold, in greenbacks, or in the
bonds of the Government, the rebel authorities
may gain by the traffic. Such a traffic is open
to the objections so forcibly presented by the hon-
orable Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer.]
But there are from three to five million bales of
cotton in the rebel States. It is for the interest
of the country for us to get out some of this cotton.
If we do not get it out a great quantity will be
destroyed, and a great deal of it will be got out
in some way. About twenty millions in value of
cotton went out through Mexico and Matamoras.
Mr. GRIMES. Twenty millions ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; §20,000,000 worth
went through Matamoras and Mexico last year.
For thirteen weeks during the last autumn we
stopped the trade, and we imported during that
time forty thousand bales of cotton, and paid the
gold for it, and gold went up in face of our suc-
cesses. Since the trade has been reopened, we
have exported about two thousand hales per week,
and gold has worked down under it, and the price
of cotton cloths has fallen, I am told, about thirty-
three per cent.
This bill provides for the repeal of the law au-
thorizing this cotton trade. 1 am willing to vote
for it; but I think we ought to adopt some plan to
get the cotton out of the rebel country. The prop-
osition that I have offered is that all cotton seized
by the Army or Navy, or obtained in any other
way, shall be delivered to the agents of the Treas-
ury Department, and that the person owningthis
cotton shall receive a voucher from the Govern-
ment to be paid, less the taxes and expenses, at
the end of the war; and the payment is then to
be made to the person owning or claiming this
cotton in the bonds of the Government; so that
the cotton cannot be used against us during the
war.
Mr. COLLAMER. At what price?
Mr. WILSON. At the market price at the
time the cotton is sold. Cotton is to us the same
as so much gold. Sir, suppose we could obtain
two million bales of cotton during the next three
months upon the conditions proposed in my
amendment; what would be the condition of our
finances? What would be the rate of gold in the
market? What would be the effect upon the busi-
ness interests of the nation ? It would give the
Treasury the command of $300,000,000 in gold;
it would be to our advantage in all respects.
The rebel authorities would gain nothing what-
ever by it. U would restore our finances, invig-
orate our industry, strengthen our Government,
make us masters of the situation, and demoralize
the rebels. The people would not, if wc would
give them vouchers for their cotton, hide it or
burn it. They would seek in every way to get it
into the possession of ourGovernmentand to ob-
tain our vouchers for it. And with the vouchers I
of the Government, agreeing to pay to loyal and
disloyal owners the market price of cotton, less
the taxes and expenses, at the end of the war, in
the bonds of the Government, they would want
the war ended and the credit of our Government
to be good. Sir, this proposition is in every re-
spect for the interest of our people and Govern-
ment, and 1 iiope the Senate will adopt it.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Massachu-
setts says the cotton must be got out of the rebel
lines. I will tell him how it can be got out, and
the only way in which it can be safely got out of
that country; and that is, by fighting it out, never
by trading it out.
Mr. WILSON. Suppose your Army passes
over a line of country where they have a hundred
thousand bales of cotton; if the owners of the cot-
ton can deliver it up to your officers and receive
a voucher that they will get pay for it at the end
of the war, less what we choose to lax it and less
expenses, will they not be likely to save theircot-
ton, and will we not have the advantage of it?
On the other hand, if we take their cotton and they
get nothing for it will they not regard it as a rob-
bery, and will they not, in all cases where they
can do so, destroy their cotton ? We may capture
some cotton, but as our armies advance the cotton
will be destroyed unless the owners can receive
something for it. If we can obtain the cotton
without giving now anything in return we ought
to do it. Had this policy of getting out cotton
been adopted two years ago I believe it would
have brought untold benefits upon our country.
Mr. GRIMES. That cotton is ours now. No
man was more strenuous in favor of the passage
of the confiscation law than the Senator from
Massachusetts. Why is he willing to abandon
his right and the right of his constituents and the
soldiers of my State to that cotton within the laws
oftheStatesofSouthCarolinaand Georgia? Why
is he willing to take that cotton and pay for it to
the men who have been attempting to take the
lives of our soldiers and break up our Army?
Mr. President, the whole thing proceeds upon
a fallacy that is as apparent to me as the beam of
the sun. Either let us carry on this waras war,
or else let us disband the Army and let the Treas-
ury undertake to trade us through the war. It
is the height of ridiculousness to me for a great
nation to be professing to carry on war, taxing
its people and using a conscription law in order
to reenforce its armies, undertaking to carry on
war, using all its energies, all its surplus means,
and all its men, and at the same time trading with
the men that you are carrying on the war with,
and allowing directly and indirectly supplies and
support to go through the lines of your Army in
order to enable the enemy to continue to carry on
that war, for that is the conclusion to which it all
comes at last.
I have no idea that this bill is going to pass.
I know how potential are the influences that are
wielded in opposition to it. 1 remember perfectly
well what the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Col-
lamer] told us when he first introduced a bill on
this subject. But I stand where 1 have ever stood,
where I stood last yearwhen this law was passed.
Either let there be unconditional, untrammeled
free trade, or else let us have no trade at all, and
let this be a war and not transactions in merchan-
dise.
Mr. MORRILL. With regard to the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Massachu-
setts I wish to say to him that practically the law
is what he proposes to make it by his amendment.
The law independent of the eighth section, which
we are considering, provides for the seizure of
abandoned or confiscable property, and agents
have been appointed to receive that property. It
is then to be carried forward to a market and sold
for the benefit of the owner, provided he is a loyal
man; and the only difference between that and
the proposilion which the Senator from Massa-
chusetts now offers is that he makes no discrim-
ination as I understand it. As the law stands,
the property abandoned or confiscable is to be
seized, carried forward to market, and sold on ac-
count of the Government, and at the end of the
war, or at any time, if a loyal owner comes for-
ward and can show that he is loyal and that the
property belonged to him, he is entitled then to
have the pay for the property which by former
statutes we have declared to be forfeited in the
hands of the traitor and rebel. If he designs to
pay rebels for their cotton then his amendment
has force in it; otherwise, it is unnecessary.
Mr. WILSON. In answer to that question I
say frankly to the Senator that that is my pur-
pose. I base my action on what I regard to be the
interest of my country. I am not among those
who regard cotton asking; hut I do regard cotton |
to be to us in our present condition the same as j
gold. If these bales of cotton were gold, and we
could get it out of the rebel States by promises
to pay after the war, I would agree to pay for it
in the bonds of the Government after the war. 1
am willing to do the same in regard to cotton; to
put it on the same footing. If it was gold instead
of cotton I should say the gold was to be got out,
because the interests of the country require it.
Suppose you pass this measure, and no cotton is
got out of that country by us, what will be the
effect? What will be the practical operation of it?
In the first place, wherever our armies go tho
rebels will destroy their cotton.
Mr. MORRILL. If my friend will allow me,
I will suggest to him thatthebill to which this is an
amendment itself provides for the purchase of all
the cotton within the confederate States.
Mr. WILSON. I understand that. I am in
favor of that repeal; and I am in favor of it be-
cause of the practices that have grown out of it.
I am free to say that I would prefer to stop the
whole trade rather than have a continuance of tho
scenes that have been witnessed of grants and per-
mits to take out cotton. It is time those things
were put an end to. But 1 wish to have a plan
adopted by which we can get that cotton out, and
get all the advantages of it. By the amendment
that I propose we should get all the advantages
of it, and the confederacy could get nothing. Sup-
pose you stop this trade entirely it will stimulate
the getting out of cotton, and what will be the
result ?
Mr. GRIMES. They can only get a small
portion in Texas. They cannot cross the Mis-
sissippi river.
Mr. WILSON. There is a large quantity of
cotton in Texas; and there will be some carried
across the Mississippi river, if it will pay. I
wish simply to say that if we stop this traffic en-
tirely, and get no cotton out of the rebel lines, we
shall have to purchase two or three thousand bales
of cotton a week and pay for it in gold. When
the traffic was stopped last autumn, it carried out
of the country five or six millions of gold, and car-
ried gold up in the markets of the country; and
that will be the result now if we stop it entirely.
We shall have to import some cotton; we shall
pay the gold for it; ar:d gold will go up in the
face of your victories. If you could get a mil-
lion bales of cotton out of the confederacy you
would bring gold down in the market just as much
as you would if you brought in its value in gold.
Cotton and gold are the same thing now. My
proposition is to stop all this trade, to get the cot-
ton, to agree to pay anybody who owns it, after
the war is over, but nobody else. We shall thus
have the advantage of it. I do not call this trade.
I would not send goods to them; I would not pay
them in gold for their cotton; I would not pay
them in greenbacks or bonds; but I would pay
them in promises to pay after the war is over.
That is my proposition.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
moved by the Senator from Massachusetts.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that thiji bill,
as it comes from the House, has originated in a
very good idea. It has evidently grown out of
an unwillingness to submit longer to unquestion-
able abuses. But it seems to me that the bill goes
further than it need go; the remedy that it applies
is more than is required. Why not strike at the
abuse? That is all that you need do. But the
bill strikes at the whole trade in cotton. That is
more than we need.
My colleague has already called the attention
of the Senate to the bearing of this measure on
the national finances. He has presented it so
clearly that I do not know that anything remains
for-me to say. He has told you that cotton now
is practically gold; so much cotton, so much gold.
If we can get cotton, therefore, we get the great
agent in our financial system. If we do not get
cotton we lose the benefit of that agent. But with
out the benefit of that agent, in other words, with-
out cotton, what shall we have to send to Europe
in payment of the goods and products 'that we
receive from there ? Nothing butgold. This re-
sult must necessarily ensue: the national finances
will be deranged; gold wilt go up in the market;
even victory cannot keep it down. Sir, the risk
is too great. The hill, as it comes from the House,
goes too far; and in undertaking to remove an
