THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
do wot know the nature of. It may (re a very im-
proper petition to come here. I think the Sena-
tes* ought certainly to look into it, for the rule
requires that the Senator presenting a petition
shall state briefly what the petition is. I know
nothing about this petition; but when a Senator
rises in his place and states that he presents a
petition that he does not know the nature of, I
think the Senate ouffht not to receive it.
Mr. FOSTER. Especially, if the honorable
Senator will allow me, when he says it is a peti-
tion for an alliance, offensive and defensive, with
the confederate States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I raise the question of its
reception, and object to its reception until the Sen-
ator shall be able to state what this petition is.
VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Illinois objects to the reception of this petition,
and the question will be on its reception.
■ Mi". POMEROY. I desire to say that I did not
know the bearing of the petition on the great ques-
tion which agitates the country. I have read por-
tions of the petition, enough to see what it is about.
I did not mean to tell the Senate that I had not read
it. I have looked it over.
Mr. WILSON. Who is it from?
Mr. POMEROY. From Mr. E. Bloodgood
Beebe, of New York city. At the suggestion of
the Senator from Illinois, I will ask leave to with-
draw the petition until to-morrow,and in the mean
time 1 will read it over and judge of its propriety.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection that course will be taken.
PAUL S. FORBES.
■ Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred
• the joint resolution (S. R. No. 94) authorizing
the Secretary of the Navy to advance to Paul S.
Forbes $250,000 additional out of the sum to be
paid him under his contract for building a steam
screw sloop-of-war, to report Lhesame back with-
out amendment, and recommend its passage. I
move that the Senate proceed to its consideration
now.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to ofibr aresolu-
tion this morning which involves a question of
instruction to the Secretary, and I hope the Sen-
ator will allow me to do that before taking up the
bill. ° r
. Mr. GRIMES. I do not think this resolution
will take a moment, and I would not ask for its
present consideration if it had not been lying in
my desk for ten days.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am sure the Senator will
not object to my resolution.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any obi
jection to the consideration of the joint resolution
reported by the Senator from Iowa at this time?
There being no objection, the Senate, as m Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution, which authorises the Secretary
of the Navy to pay to Paul S. Forbes, of the city
of New York, the sum of #250,000 in addition to
the sums heretofore paid, to apply on his account
of the date of May 22,1863, for building a steam
screw sloop-of-war, the same being an advance
payment on the contract to aid in the completion
of the vessel; but no part of this sum is to be paid
without the assent, in writing, of the sureties of
Mr. Forbes, and nothing in this resolution is to
.be so construed as in any manner to affect or
vary the contract except as to the time of making
the payment.
Mr. HALE. Is there any reportaccompany-
ing that resolution ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair is not
aware that there is.
Mr. GRIMES. There is not.
Mr, HALE. I should like to know the reason
why there is to be a departure from the contract
in this case. The Senate refused by a decided
vote at the last session to makeany ehangein the
contracts for several vessels, and especially in the
ease of the Puritan and Dictator. There must
be some very particular circumstance about this
one, I presume.
Mr. GRIMES. It will be remembered that
two or three years ago there was a great deal of
clamor because of the lack of speed, as it was
said, in our naval vessels. Among other persons
w-lio believed that there ought to be greater speed
attained by the vessels ptu chased or built by the
United States was a gentleman of the name of
Dickerson, of the city of New York. Mr. Dick-
erson is known by reputation to some members
of this body. He induced Mr. Paul S. Forbes,
or at any rate Mr. Paul S. Forbes entered into
a contract with the Government by which he
agreed to build the steamer Idaho for the sum of
f600,OOO^Mr. Dickerson being engineer,and put-
ting iu his kind of boilers, and his kind of cut-
off,and his kind of engines. Mr. Forbes agreed
by that contract to build a certain description of
vessel, and that she should attain a speed of fif-
teen knots an hour. Since the time of his enter-
ing into that contract the expense of material and
labor, and so on, have greatly increased. He has
come before Congress and asked Congress to ab-
solve him from his contract,and pay him several
hundred thousand dollars more than he agreed to
build the vessel for, and to absolve him also from
his obligation to attain the speed of fifteen knots
an hour.
The Committee on Naval Affairs refused to do
this, but they have agreed that, whereas under
his contract for $600,000 he can only receive up
to this time $300,000, which he has received, there
shall be advanced to him, with the assent of his
sureties, the sum of $200,000 to enable him to go
on and complete the vessel.
The committee are perfectly well advised that
if the vessel is completed, even if she should turn
out to be a failure, the hull and the engines as old
iron will be worth as much as the. amount that
has already been advanced and the amount pro-
posed by this resolution to be advanced; and if
she attains the speed that Mr. Forbes and Mr.
Dickerson imagine she may still attain, though
they wish to be absolved from their obligation to
give her that amount of speed, she will be worth
a large amount more of money.
The sole purpose of the resolution is to save
Mr. Forbes from the necessity of beingcompelled
to sacrifice a large amount of his own individual
money in order to make an advance to go on to
complete the ship; and under no possible circum-
stance, as the Committee on Naval AfTaijs are
satisfied, and as the Department is satisfied, can
anybody be injured. It is a mere advance of a
portion of the expense of building, which accord-
ing to the terms of the ccrtitiact cannot be paid
until the vessel is delivered to the Government
and attains the speed of fifteen knots an hour.
I think there is no analogy between this case
and the cases that wete under consideration at
the last session of Congress. It stipulates that
this money shall not be received except with the
assent in writing of the sureties of Mr. Forbes,
and that in no particular shall the receipt of this
money or the passage of this resolution be con-
sidered as interfering with that contract except so
far as relates to this advance payment.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate,
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
constitutional amendments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer the following res-
olution of instruction to the Secretary, which
ought to be acted upon at once:
Resolved, That the article ofamendment piopo-*ed by Con-
gress to be added to the Constitution ot the United rimtes
respecting the extinction ot shivery therein, having been
inadvertently presented to the President for lus appiovul,
it is hereby declared that such appioval was unneeessaiy
to give effect to the action of Congiess in proposing baid
amendment, inconsistent with the founerpiuctice in refci-
ence to all amendments to tin* f.'nnstitutton heietoioie
adopted, and being inaiiveitently done, should nor consti-
tute a precedent for the future ; and theSeeietaiy is heieby
lnsstnieUid not to communicate the notice of the approval
of said proposed amendment by the President to the House
of Representatives.
If the Senate will allow me to make a statement
of the practice, if there shall then be any objec-
tion to the consideration of the resolution, it may
go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection to the consideration of this resolution at
the present time ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it hadbettergoover
until to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Had not the Senator better
let a statement from the record be made e.s to the
practice, and then it may go over if he desires.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have 110 objection to that
being done.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection to the consideration of the resolution !
Mr. DIXON. I think it had bettergo over to
another day.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator from
Connecticut object to my statement being made?
Mr. DIXON. The resolution must be received
to allow the statement to be made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I havealready stated that
I will consent that it shall go o^er after the state-
ment is made.
Mr. DIXON. If that can be done without the
resolution being received, I have no objection;
otherwise I have objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection to the consideration of the resolution?
Mr. DIXON. I think the resolution will give
rise to debate, and it had better go over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, it must necessarily go over under the rules.
three-fourths' vote oe ratification.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair resolu-
tions which I ask to have read and printed. I
shall call them up at a future day.
The resolutions were read, as follows:
Concurrent resolutions declaiing the rule iu ascertaining llv;
three tourtlis ot'tiie several States required iti tile raufi-
cation of a constitutional amendment:
Whereas Congress, by a vote oftwn thirds of both Houses,
has pioposed an amendment to the Constitution prohibit-
ing slavery throughout the United States, which, accoid-
mg to the exiting requirement of the Constitution, will bo
valid, to all intents and purposes, as pait of the Constitu-
tion when ratified by the Legislatuies of three fouith* of
the seveial Slates; and whereas in the present condition
of the count!)', with certain States in arms against the na-
tional Government, it becomes nectary to determine what
number of States constitutes the three fourths requited by
the Constitution: Thcrefoie,
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Representatives
concurring,) That the rule followed m ascertaining the two
thirds of both Houses proposing tile amendment to the
Constitution should be followed in ascertaining the three
fourths of the several States ratifying the amendment; that,
as in the fiist case, the two thirds are founded on the sim-
ple fact of repi escalation in the two llou*ca, so hi the sec-
ond ease the thine fourths mu^t be founded on the simple
fact of lepresentattoti m the Governments the country and
the support thereof; and that any other rule establishes one
basis for the proposition of the amendment and another for
its ratification, placing one on a simple fact and the other
011 a claim of light, while it also recognizes the power of
rebels in arm^ to uiterpo.v.' a veto upon the national Gov-
ernment 111 one of trs highest functions.
i?esoi ;ef/,Thnt all acts, executive and legislative, in pur-
suance of the Constitution, and all tieaties'made under the
authority of the United Status, aie valid to all inlents and
puiposes tlnoughout the United Slates, although eeitain
lebel States fail to participate therein, and that the same
rule is equally applicable to an amendment of the Consti-
tution.
Resolved, That the amendmentofihe Constitution, pro-
hibiting slavery throughout the United States will be valid
to all intent-* and purposes as part of the Constitution,
whenever ratified by thiee fourths of the State*, dc facto,
exercising Hie powers and prerogatives of the United States
under the Constitution thereof.
Resolved, That any other rule requiring the participation
of the rebel States, while illogical and uniea?>onable, h
dangeious iu iu consequences, inasmuch as nil lecent
pi evidential proclamation<, including that of emancipation,
also all the recent acts of Congress, including tho.se creat-
ing file national debt and estabh?dung a national cut \ eucy,
and aNo all recent treaties, including the treat) with Great
Britain for the extinction of the .v|.ive tiade, have been
made, enacted, or ratified, respectively, without unv parti-
cipation of the rebel States.
Resolved, That any other lule mibt tend to postpone the
great day when the piohtbuion of slavery will be valid to
ail intents and purposes as part of the Constitution of the
United States; but the rule herewith declared will assure
the immediato ratification of the prohibition, and the con-
summation ot the national desires.
The resolutions were ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOOHTTLE. I move that the resolu-
tions be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask that they now lie on the
table. I propose to call them up and make a mo-
tion in regard to them at a future day.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. They ought to go to the
committee.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask that they now lie on the
table.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The motion to lay
on the table takes precedence of that to commit.
The resolutions were ordered to he on the table.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire, during the morn-
ing hour, to pass t\ bill of general importance, to
which I think there will bo no objection when it
is read. It is Senate bill No. 403, to amend the
act for the encouragement of immigration. I
move to postpone ail prior orders, with a view to
take up that bill.
Mr. WILSON. I hope it will not be done.
