1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us go through with the
morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. HALE. Are not reports in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports will be in
order if the motion shall not prevail.
Mr. HALE. The Chair has sometimes decided
that they were in order, notwithstanding such a
motion was made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Never. The Sen-
ator is mistaken. A motion to postpone all prior
orders is a motion which has never been known
to be out of order in this body within the knowl-
edge of the Chair. The question is on the motion
of the Senator from Ohio.
The motion was not agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Territo-
ries, to whom was referred a resolution of the
Legislature of Iowa in favor of the construction
of a military and wagon road from some point
on the west side of the Missouri river at or near
the mouth of the Niobrara river in Nebraska
Terriioiy, to Gallatin, in Idaho Territory, asked
to he discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairsand the Militia; which was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the memorial of
James J. Johnson,praying compensation for ser-
vices rendered as veterinary surgeon of the fourth
Iowa cavalry, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
weie referred papers relating to the claim of \V\
II. and C. S. Duncan, for supplies furnished to
a company of Kansas militia, mustered into ser-
vice in I85G, asked to be discharged from their
fuither consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the-same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of James F. Simmons,
playing compensation for the illegal seizure of a
vessel and cargo by Commander Wooden, of the
Stars and Stripes, and the subsequent wreck and
loss of the same on Long Island, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration, the peti-
tioner being dead"; which was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Territories,
to which was referred a petition of natives of
Louisiana, citizens of the United States of Afri-
can descent, piaying that all the citizens of Lou-
isiana of African descent born free before the re-
bellion may be ad nutted to the r ightsand privileges
of electors; and also a petition of colored citi-
zens of the United States, praying that the elect-
ive franchise be granted to the colored people of
the Umtcd States; and also a petition of citizens
of African descent, praying that the right of suf-
frage may be granted to all the natives of Louisi-
ana of African descent; and also a memorial of the
National Clubs of the city of New York and
vicinity, praying that freed slaves maybe per-
muted to take part in the reconstruction of the
rebellious States, and that the right of suffrage
be not confined exclusively to white persons, have
hail them underconsideration, and have instructed
me to ask that the committee be discharged from
their fusther consideration. In expiration of
this motion I am instructed by the committee to
sny that these memorials were all with one ex-
ception referred, as we think very appropriately, to
the select committee on slaveiy and freedmen; ;
but as that committee had them under consider-
ation, and asked to be discharged on the ground
that they did not come within their jurisdiction,
the Committee on Territories are at a loss to know
what committee they do come under,and I there-
fore mnve that the Committee on Territories be
discharged from the fui ther consideration of these
memorials, and that they lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. The Committee on Tenitories,
to whom were refeircd sundry petitions of loyal
citizens of the State of Virginia, praying that Con-
gress may give Virginia a territorial government,
and also some remonstrances against the piayer
of these petitions, have had the same under con-
sideration, and instructed me to move that the
committee be discharged from their further con-
sideration, and that they be indefinitely post-
poned.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a motion to print
the memorial of S. D. Carpenter, praying an ex-
amination of his invention of a new method of
defensive armor in the construction of war ves-
sels, with a view to its adoption by the Govern-
ment, reported adversely thereon.
Pie also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution to print extra copies of
the Correspondence on Mexican Affairs, reported
it with an amendment.
^ The amendment was agreed to, and the resolu-
tion as amended adopted, as follows:
Resolved, That five hundred additional copies of the Cor-
respondence on Mexican AfT.iiis be printed for the use of
the Senate, and that two hundred copies be printed for the
use of the Department of State.
INDIAN TERRITORY.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Kansas, the fol-
lowing resolution, submitted by him on the 2d
instant, was considered and agreed to:
Rcsolve/l, That the Committee on Tenitories be In-
stituted to inquire as to the policy of oigamztm? a terri-
torial government for the country lying between Kans?a<? and
Texas, known as the Indian country, and to report by bill
or otherwise.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
427) for the protection of passengers; which was
read twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent ob-
tained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 4:28) to
prevent the sale of notes, scrip, bonds, or other
evidenceofdebtissued by rebel authorities; which
was read twice by its title, and ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
Air. GRIMES asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, Irave to introduce ajoint resolution
(S. R. No. 107) providing for the further decora-
tion of the Capitol; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. COLLAMER. I should like to know the
purport of that resolution. What sortof decora-
tion does it provide for? „
Mr. FOOT. Let the resolution bereadatlength.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to say, in justice to
myself, that I have not drawn up this joint reso-
lution with malice prepense. It is ajoint resolu-
tion which has been introduced into the Ilouse of
Representatives by a distinguished member of
that House, and at his instance I have offered it
here.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is a resolution for a
painting, is u not?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes.
Mr. FOOT. Let it be read, so that we can
understand it.
The Secretary read the resolution. It proposes
to direct the Joint Committee on the Library to
enter into a contract with William H. Powell to
paint a picture for the United States, to be placed
at the head of one of the grand staircases in the
Capitol, illustrative of some naval victory, at a
price not to exceed $25,000.
Mr. COLLAMER. I move that the resolution
be referred to the Committee on the Library.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPhersom, its Clerk, announced that
the House had concurred in the amendment of
the Senate to the joint resolution (H.R. Not 91)
in relation to the treaty of 1817.
The message fui thorannounod that the House
had passed a bill (H. R. No. 641) to provide for
another term of the circuit court of the United
States for the district of Arkansas, and for other
purposes.
METROPOLITAN RAILROAD.
On motion of Mr. DIXON the Senate resumed,
as in Committee of the Whoh\ the consideration
of the bill (S. No. 411) to amend an act entitled
<{ An act to incorporate the Metropolitan Railroad
Company in the District of Columbia," the pend-
ing question being on theamendment reported by
the Committee on the District of Columbia to add
to the second section the following proviso:
Proved, Thru the director? of said Metropolitan Ilailrond
Company have p<>\vei to inquire tlx; bub-^mher* to the
capital ^toek to pay the amount bv them respectively sub-
scribed at :>uch tunc, la such manner, and in buch install-
ments as they may deem proper; and if Kiry stockholders
shall refuse or neglect to pay any installments, as reqqtr.fiji
by a resolution of the hoard of directors, after reasonable
notice of the same, the said board of directors may forfeit
said stock and all previous pay {dents tberbon for the: use of
said corpoiauon, under such general regulations as'maybd
adopted In the by-laws of said corporation, or may sue for
and collect the sjune in any court of competent jurisdiction.
Mr. DIXON. I propose to ament! the amend*
mentby striking out the words " forfeit Saktst6cic
and ail previous payments thereon to the use of
said corporation," and inserting these-words in
lieu of them:
Sell at public auction to the highest bidder so many
sharessaid stock as shall pay said installments;'ana
the highest bidder shall be taken to be the person who of-
fers to purchase the least number of shares for the assess-
ment due.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed
to,and the amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer this amendment as a
new section to come in at the end of the bill:
Jind be it farther enacted, That the provision prohibit-
ing any exclusion from any cai on account of color, already
applicable to the Metropolitan railroad, is hereby extended,
to cvoiy other railroad in the District of Columbia.
The object of that simply is to equalize the rail-
roads.
Mr, DIXON. I suggest to the Senator that ha
had better offer it on some other bill. To incum-
ber this charter with provisions that apply to other
roads, it seems to me, is improper. The- thing
itself, as it respects this railroad, is provided for in
the chartcr of this company.
Mr. SUMNER, The object of the proposition
that I have made is to equalize the condition of the
railroads in this city. The Metropolitan railroad,
with regard to which we are now legislating, al-
ready is put under this condition, and the friends
of that railroad veryjnstly complain that it is not
fair that the other railroads should not be under
the same provision. The object of my amend-
ment is to subject all the other railroads that are
in business competition, of course, with the Met-
ropolitan railroad to the same condition whiqh
Congress has imposed upon that road. The propo-
sition, therefore, is just with regard to the differ-
ent roads between themselves, besides its great
intrinsic justice.
Mr. HALE. I entirely agree with the prin-
ciple of the amendment; but it strikes me that it
is anomalous legislation in a private act, which
is a charter of a private company, which will be
printed and published with the private laws, to
incorporate a provision of public law. I think
itis incongruous and out of place in this bill, with
great deference to my fiiend. I will vote with
him to put it m any public law to which he will
move it, but I think -it is not fair to put it on a
private bill. It is putting a public law applica-
ble to all companies into the private charter of
one company.
Mr. CONNESS. I would suggest to the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts that a bill introduced
by his colleague this morning provides for it; it
covers that point exactly.
Mr. SUMNER. How so?
Mr. CONNESS. It is a bill to compel all car-
riers of passengers in the United States to give
access to ail persons on any ship, or railroad,
or steamboat, as the case may be, or at the table
or elsewhere.
Mr. DAVIS. And state-rooms?
Mr. CONNESS. I suppose in state-rooms too, 1
to establish the rule of " first come first served."
It is a bill of wider application than the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator now, and I too am
opposed to his loading this bill with his proposi-
tion. The bill offered this morning by the Sen-
ator's colleague, [Mr. Wilson,] the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, is decidedly
the widest in its scope on this subject, the most
humanitarian and general, that has ever yet been
proposed; and the honorable Senator now offer-
ing this amendment can make no improvement
upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. I havearulealittlediffcrent,
I sec, from that of my honorable friend from Cal-
ifornia. I am in favor of getting what I can as
soon as I can, and not postponing it to an indefi-
nite future. My honorable friend reminds me that
my colleague has introduced a bill ofa much larger
scope; can he give the country any assurance that
the bill of my colleague will become a law of the
land ?
Mr. CONNESS. X cannot.
