590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; then I presume
'my friend is not in earnest in his position. Now
I come to my other friend, the Senator from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Hale,] who objects to this
proposition on the ground, if I understood him,
that it is introducing a genera! provision into what
he chooses to call a private bill. How is it a pri-
taite bill? I do not understandJtso. it is a bill
chartering a railroad company in the District of
Columbia; and Congress does that in the exercise
of thbse special powers that are given to it by the
Constitution; and the provision becomes impor-
tant, as I havealready said, in two respect^: first,
far the sake of the Metropolitan Railroad Com-
pany itself, which has been broughtinto disfavor
in comparison with other railroads, because Con-
gress have put the condition requiring that there
shall be no exclusion of color in its charter; I
say, therefore, the proposition is favorable to that
road. And in the second place it is entirely ger-
mane to the question. In legislating on a railroad,
what is more germane than thatthe Senate should
• ingraft upon the charter any proposition, special
or general, which should concern the subject mat-
ter? I say, therefore, that the suggestions of
both my honorable friends fall to the ground;
they cannot prevail if Senators are in earnest on
this subject.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I say nothing in reference
to this-proposed amendment, but I wish to record
my name against all such legislation. I ask for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask for them too.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 20;as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Clark, Collamor,Far-
well, Foot, Harlan, Uams, Henderson, Howard, Howe,
Lane of Kansas, Morgan. Nye, I'omeroy, Ramsey, Stewart,
Sumwr, and VVilt-on—19.
NAYS —Messrs. Buekalew, Conner, Cowan, Davis*,
Dixon, Doolittle, Hale, Hendiicks, Jolmson, Lane of Indi-
ana. MorriH, Nesiiitthj Powell, Richardson,Saulsbnry,Ten
Eyok, TimnhuM, Van Winkle, WilU>y,and Wright—90.
ABSENT— Me^rx. C.irlile, Chandler, Foster, Grime*,
Harding, Hicks, MoDougnll, Riddle, Sherman, Spraaue,
Wade, and Wilkinson—lii.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. SUMNER. I now renew my amendment
in the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. WILSON. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of that measure in order to
finish this.
Mr. TRUMBULL.- I hope not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall object.
The VJCE PRESIDENT. Being objected to,
the morning hour having expired, the unfinished
business of yesterday is before the Senate.
Mr. WILSON, i suppose it is in order to
move to posipone that ana take up another bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is,
Mr. WILSON. Then I move to postpone the
ponding and all prior orders for the puiposeof
proceeding to the consideration of the bill which
the Senate had before it in the morning hour yes-
teiday—Senate bill No. 408, in addition to the
several acts for enrolling and calling out the na-
tional forces, and for other purposes. I wish to
state that that bill was up yesterday, and was
postponed until this morning. I supposed yester-
day that we should finish the matter we were then
debating; but aftorwaid I cam? to the conclusion
that there wa.s no disposition to finish it, and I
do not believe there is any to-day. This bill to
amend the enroUmentacts oughtto be acted on at
once.
Mr. COLLAMER. These votes will have to
be counted on Wednesday next.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator will
allow us to dispose of that matter and not inter-
pose his bill.
Mr. WILSON. I must say that I have been
crowded out for four days by this mere gabble
and talk on this subject. I withdraw my motion,
but unless the Senator from Illinois gets through
with this measure m two hours, I shall renew it,
and have a light over it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion is
withdrawn, and the unfinished business of yes-
terday is now before the Senate.
REPRESENTATION IN ELECTORAL COLLEGE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 126) declaring certain States not en-
titled to representation in the Electoral College.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The pending quos-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sena-
tor from Vermont, [Mr. Collamer,] and upon
that question the Senator from Vermont is enti-
tled to the floor.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Before the Senator
from Vermont proceeds, I desire to ask for the
yeas and nays upon his amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER.* Mr. President, I think
any man must be exceedingly dull who would
not have understood from the hints and remarks
made this morning in relation to this topic that
the Senate are very impatient for a vote. I do
not blame them for being impatient. But, rising
as I do to reply to the speech of the honorable
Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,] deliv-
ered yesterday, I will not-promise that I shall be
able to gratify them with even my usual brevity.
I will endeavor to be as biief as 1 can in justice
to the subject.
In the first place, Mr. President, there perhaps
is due from me to that honorable Senator some
little notice that I am not entirely insensible to
what he has on this and other occasions permit-
ted himself to indulge in in his remarks with re-
spect to my professional ability and discernment.
I have never made any reply to them, but at the
same time I wish it to be understood that I am
not entirely ungrateful or insensible to such re-
marks. I will merely say that the opportunities
I have hud to inform myself in relation to the
honorable Senator's high acquirements in Ins
profession, his legal acumen, and the perspicuity
of his logic have given me a very high apprecia-
tion thereof. If I were to say merely that I re-
ciprocate the sentiments he has expressed, and
entertain a sincere rcspcct for his professional
superiority as high as he entertains of mine, he
might consider it at least but a questionable com-
pliment; but 1 will add to it that I have as high
an estimation, and even higher, of him than he
has thought proper to express in relatufn to me.
I think that ought to be satisfactory.
But, sir, after all, I could not but observe that
the honorable Senator, when speaking m that
manner, very courteously and very kindly, al-
ways accompanied it with an argument of great
weight, coming from him, to show that the posi-
tions I took were wholly untenable. How much,
therefore, the respect that is paid to my opinions
is worth when accompanied by such &ort of argu-
ment, he and other gentlemen can answer for
themselves.
Mr. President, the amendment which I have
proposed has in it one very important feature, to
which the gentleman has addiessed himself; and
that is, that the States which have been declared
in a state of insurrection are incapable of exer-
cising their privileges or their dunes within this
Government as integral parts of this Union while
they continue in that situation, and that theirres-
toration shall be either by an act of Congress or
by the reception of their representatives by the
two Houses. That involves this pomt: whether
Congress have anything to do in the matter in
relation to the reorganization and reestablishment
of these States. The Senator seems to think not;
and he goes on to make some remarks which I
wilTnot attempt to repeat, but the substance of
them is that they are States in the Union—I agree
to that—and, being in the Union, if the hostilities
ccase theie is*an end of all action a&out it; they
are remitted to all their rights, and may exercise
ail their functions as integral parts of this Gov-
ernment without the consent of this Government
one way or the other. There I dissent.
The gentleman says that a war may exist with-
out any declaration of war. I agree to that.
He says that if Great Britain should wage a war
upon us, and were m the exercise of that war,
it would be a war though we had not declared
it, nor they either. I grant it. He then says
that if they should upon the whole suicease that
war, withdraw their military force, and Parlia-
ment should declare that they were no longer in
a state of hostility with the United States, that
that would be an end of that war. There is ex-
actly the point where we differ. That is exactly
the point where we separate. I know that one
party between two or more nations may make a
war, but I say that both parties are required to
make peace. If Great Britain were to actually
levy war upon this country, besiege our cities,
lay waste our coasts, capture our vessels, and
then, when we had undertaken to defend our*
selves with some success, they should withdraw
from it, and declare to the world that there is
peace between us, that would not be peace, nor
would-that war be ended. I insist that both
parties must agree to the peace, and that the sur-
cease of hostilities by one side does not end the
war. Every nation undoubtedly has the right in
a state of war, when negotiating for peace, to in-
sist upon indemnity for the past and security for
the future. If one party can make a war and
make a peace when they please, without the
consent of the other party, then neither of these
rights of insisting upon indemnity for the past
or security for the future can any longer exist.
I say that if Great Britain had made such a war
upon us, we would not be obliged to surcease
our hostilities in defense of ourselves and the
capture of their vessels because they ceased,
until we had made a treaty which gives us in-
demnity for their having made that unjustifiable
war upon us. There is the exact point where we
separate; and it is in the application of that same
point to this war and its analogies that we differ
again.
But the Senator says you cannot make war
upon a State; they are now States in the Union,
and if they surcease hostilities you cannot prose-
cute the war. I am not insisting that if these
people lay down their arms and return peace--
ably to their habitations, the President can carry
the war into their houses. That is not what I
am talking about. I am talking about when and
how the political status of these States is to be
restored, and with whose consent it is to be re-
stored. Is it true that the right to make war in
this country consists in the right of the States to
make war upon the General Government, but the
United States cannot make war upon them? Is
it their peculiar privilege and exclusive right to
make wa upon the General Government? Can-
not we do anything about it? Cannot we prose-
cute war against them? Is it their privilege to
make war on the United States as longasthey have
a mind to do so, and when they become satisfied
they are not getting along very well, they have
nothing to do but to stop and begin it again when
they please, renew it when they have a mind to
do so, and it is all an ex parte proceeding, and the
Government of the United States has nothing to
do with it? I cannot agree to any doctrine of that
kind.
But I desire to make a few remarks on this sub-
ject of making war upon a State. 1 have heard
a great deal about that first and last. I do not
know but I was to blame, when I first heard that
doctrine brought forward by Mr. Jefferson Davis
in the Senate, for not correcting him. He quoted
from the remarks of Mr. Sherman, Mr. Madison,
and several other members of the Convention
that formed the Constitution who stated that.
They did state it; and Mr. Davis used to quote
from them. I understood how that was then.
It is true*1? did not at that time explain it. I did
not suppose that other people would be misled
by it; nor did I suppose that my explanation
would ever reach the community, and perhaps
never rea^h the Senate. The remaiks I am now
making not only will never be read and under-
stood by the community, but will never be read
and understood by half the Senate. But still I
feel it my duty at this time, as that doctrine is
repeated and those quotations ate again alluded to,
to make some explanation on that point.
Mr. Piesident, you will observe, and any gen-
tleman who chooses to examine into it will find,
that Mr. Buchanan put into ins last message that
same doctrine,and alluded to the very quotations
made by Mr. Davis. If you will read that mes-
sage it will be perfectly appaient that that portion
of it which says you cannot make war upon the
States was interpolated into the message after it
was drawn up. I do not mean clandestinely; I
mean iritet polated by the President. It is ob-
vious from its connection that it is so. I know
that while that message must have been in a pe-
riod of preparation Mr. Davis returned from his
excursion to Maine, where he had spent that
