1865.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOPE
Mr. COLLAMER. I move to add to the bill
words " to the agent of the Government'," so as
to make the proviso read:
Provided, however, That such repeal shall not affect any
contract of sale provided for by the section of the act hereby
repealed, where actual delivery of the products has been
made to the agent of the Government.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the bill by
adding the following additional section:
•And be it further enacted, That If any person or persons
shall pass, utter, publish, or sell, or attempt to pass, utter,
publish, or sell any note, token, device, scrip, bond, or other
evidence of debt of the so-called confederate States, or any
one of them, issued since the 3st day of January, 1861, he
or they shall be deemed and adjudged guilty of a felony, and
shall on conviction thereof be punished by fine not exceed-
ing §5,000, and by imprisonment and confinement at hard
Jabor, not exceeding ten years, at the discretion of the court,
according to the aggravation of the offense.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move this amendment as an
additional section;
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the President be and Is
hereby authorized to declare free and unrestricted trade
between the loyal States and the States in rebellion or any
portion of the rebel States from time to time as lie may
deem expedient.
The amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be lead a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed. Its title was
amended by the addition of the words "and for
other purposes."
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a message from the President of the United
States, transmitting a report of the Secretary of
State, in compliance with the requirements of the
eighteenth section of the act entitled "An act to
regulate the diplomatic and consular systems of
the United States," approved August 18, 1856;
which was ordered to lie on the table and be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a report of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in obedience
to law, an abstract of certain contracts made by
the quartermaster's department; which was or-
dered to lie on the table and be printed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 179) for the
relief of loyal citizens of Loudoun county, Vir-
ginia, was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a bill (H. R. No. 798) to
prevent the enlistment of persons charged with
crime in the District of Columbia as substitutes,
or as volunteers in the Treasury [Army] or Navy,
and to prevent frauds in the District jail in the
city of Washington.
The message farther announced thatthe House
had disagreed to the amendments of the Senate
to the bill of the House (H. R. No. 795) amend-
atory of certain acts imposing duties upon foreign
importations, asked a conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Housa^ thereon, and had
appointed Mr. Thaddeus Stevens of Pennsyl-
vania, Mr. J. A. Griswold of New York, and
Mr. S. S. Cox of Ohio, managers at the same on
its part.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 171) further to amend
an act entitled "An act to facilitate the collection
of direct taxes in insurrectionary districts within
the United States, and for other purposes," ap-
proved June 7, 1862.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills, which thereupon received the signature of
the Vice President:
• A bill (S. No. 468) supplemental to an act to
amend the several acts respecting copyright, ap-
proved February 3,1831, and the acts in addition
thereto and amendment thereof;?lwid
A bill (H.R.No.739) toregul&tethefees of cus-
tpm-house officers on the northern, northeastern,
and northwestern frontiers of the United States.
EXECUTIVE SESSION,
On motion of Mr. WADE, at four o'clock, the
Senate proceeded to the consideration of execu-
tive business, and remained in executive session
till half past fouro'clock,whenarecess was taken
till seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate resumed its session at seven o'clock,
p. m.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 798) toprevent the enlist-
ment of persons charged with crime in the Dis-
trict of Columbia as substitutes or as volunteers
in the Treasury [Army] orNavy,andto prevent
frauds in the District jail in the city of Washing-
ton, was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on the District of Columbia.
THE TARIFF BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill of the House (H. R. No. 795)
amendatory of certain acts imposing duties upon
foreign importations, disagreed to by the House of
Representatives; and
On motion of Mr. CLARK, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon Its amendments
to the said bill disagreed to by the House of Representa-
tives, and agree to the conference asked by the House on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Senate
be appointed by the Vice l're&ident.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Messrs.
Clark, Farwell, and Hendricks.
DIRECT TAXES IN INSUBKBCTIONARY DISTRICTS.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 171) to further amend an act entitled
"An act for the collection of direct taxes in the
insurrectionary districts within the United States,
and for other purposes," approved June 7, 18G2.
Mr. HARRIS. The bill was passed by the
Senate at the last session, and the Houseof Rep-
resentatives has now passed it with amendments.
I desire to have the amendments concurred in; I
do not know whether it would be proper to do so
before they are read. I have examined the
amendments,and am instructed by the Committee
of the Judiciary to ask that they be concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendments
will be read.
The Secretary read the amendments, which
were, after the word "commissioners'' in line
three of page 5 to insert "after the moneys re-
ceived by them on the sale of such lands have
been paid into the Treasury;" and to add to the
bill the following sections:
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, Thatscction seven of
the act entitled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An act
for the collection of direct taxes in insurrectionary dis-
tricts within the United State*, and for other purposes,' "
be amended by striking therefrom the following words, that
is to say, '• or request the same to be struck otf to a pur-
chaser for a less sum than two thirds of the assessed value
of said lots or parcels of ground."
Sec.—. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in case applica-
tion is made to pay tax on a pait of any tract or tracts, lot
or lots of land embraced in one valuation, it shall he com-
petent for the commissioners, whether the valuation shall
have been made by them or the State authorities, to ap-
portion such valuation and tax in &uch manner as tliey
may deem ju&t and reasonable, and the tax so apportioned
and fixed shall be a lien upon the different parts or parcels,
the same as if each had been thus originally valued and.
Sec.—♦ Jlnd be it further enacted, That each tax com-
missioner is hereby authorized and empowered to admin-
ister oaths or affirmations in ail cases where the same may
be required under this act, and any per&on who shall will-
fully take a false oath or affirmation ui any such case shall,
upon conviction thereof, be liable to the punishment and
penalties provided by the laws of the United Slates tor the
crime of perjury, and shall moreover forfeit the sum of
($500.
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That purchasers at
any sale, persons redeeming or in whose behalf writs of
possession may be issued, shall pay to the board of tax
commissioners for their use the sum of two dollars for each
certificate of sale, certilicate of redemption, or writ, deliv-
ered, provided that the fees thus received, together with
the salary of the commissioners for any district, shall not
exceed the bum of $4,000 to each of said commissioners,
and that any excess that may he received over that amount
shall be applied in payment of clerks or other persons em-
ployed by said commissioners in pursuance of this act, so
far as may be necessary, and the balance, if any, paid as
the proceeds of the sales of lands sold by them are required
to be paid.
Sec.—. Jindbeit further enacted, That any board of tax
commissioners may employ the requisite number of clerks,
135|
surveyora8 and assistants, who shall receive such compen-
sation as the Secretary of the Treasury iaay prescribe; and
that any clerk appointed by said board.may be specially
empowered by the said Secretary to receive arrd collect
moneys due for direct taxes, and rents for lands leased, and
to pay them over to the said board: Provided, however, That
they fitst give security in such sum and with such conditions
as the said Secretary may direct, with sureties to be ap-
proved by him; and each tax commissioner shall be held to
have entered on the discharge of his duties when he shall
have given approved security, taken the required oath, re-
ceived his com mission, and reported at the olfiee of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury for duty, unless the said Secretary
shall in any particular case direct otherwise.
Sec. —. Jlnd be it further enacted, That where lands or
tenements have been, or shall hereafter be, sold under the
provisions of the several acts of Congress relating to the
sale of lands for direct taxes in insurrectionary districts* In
tracts which, at the time of sale, were held by two or more
freehold owners, in severalty, any one of these ownerw,
being otherwise entitled to redeem, shall be allowed to re-
deem for the piece or parcel of land held by him as a free-
hold owner, as aforesaid, on paying his proportionable part
of the tax, penalty, cos>ts, expenses, and interest—the said
proportionable part to be ascertained by the said board of
commissioners. And it shall be optional with the pur-
chaser either to retain the le&idue of the tiact purchased,
after a redemption of a part, oi to surrender his certificate
of purchase to the commissioners, and receive back from
them the amount of the purchase money paid, with inter-
est ; and in case lie shall elect to retain the piece or parcel
unredeemed, he shall surrender his certificate for the wholo
tract purchased, and the said board shall issue a new cer-
tificate for the piece or parcel of land retained.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the Senate concur
in the amendments.
The motion was agreed to.
F. W. LANDER.
On motion of Mr. WADE, the bill (H.R. No.
547) for the relief of Jean M. Lander, widow of
F. W. Lander, deceased, was considered as in
Committee of the "Whole. It provides for the
payment to Mrs. Lander of $4,750 for services
rendered and expenses incurred by F.W. Lander
in making a rjcontioissance for a railroad from
Puget sound to the Mississippi river in 1854.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered to
a third reading, read the third time, and passed.
KEPOKTS i'ROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred the following
report, memorial, and petition, asked to be dis-
charged from their further consideration; which
was agreed to:
A report of the Attorney General, communi-
cating information in relation to the property de-
vised to the people of the United States by Cap-
tain Uriah P. Levy, late of the United States
Navy;
A memorial of M. B. Duffield, United States
marshal of the Territory of Arizona, praying for
additional compensation; and
A petition of officers of the circuit and district
courts of the United States for the southern dis-
trict of New York, praying for an increase of
their compensation.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. 751) to provide for the settlement of pri-
vate land claims in the Territory of Arizona, and
for the survey thereof, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was agreed
to.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
107) to establish an additional judicial district in
the State of New York, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred the memorial of
William Trevitt of Ohio, praying for compen-
sation for consular services, asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (II. R. No.
786) making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
30th June, 18G6, reported it with amendments,
and notified the Senate that he would call up the
bill in a few minutes.
COURT OP CLAIMS.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 am instructed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to report back the bill
(S. No. 415) to amend an act entitled "An act to
restrict the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims,
and to provide for the paymentofeertain-demanda
