1358
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
for quartermasters'stores and subsistence sup-
plies furnished to the Army of the United States,"
approved July 4, 1864, with an amendment; and
as this is a matter which will excite no debate, I
ask that the bill be put on its passage.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. The amendment
of the Committee on the Judiciary was to strike
out all after the enacting clause, and insert the
following:
That the first section of the act entitled "An act to re-
strict the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, and to provide
for the payment of certain demands for quartermasters'
stores and subsistence supplies furnished to the Army of
the United States," approved July 4,1864, shall not be so
construed as m any way to affect the jurisdiction of the
court m cases pending therein at the time ot the passage
of said act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to theSenate asamended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read the third time, and passed.
circulation of national banks.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Finance,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R- No. 703)
to amend an act entitled "An act to provide a
national currency secured by a pledge of United
States bonds, and to provide for the circulation
and redemption thereof," have instructed me to
report it back without amendment and ask for
its immediate consideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill was considered
as in Committee of the Whole. It proposes to
amend the twenty-first section of the national
currency act so as to make it read as follows:
Sec. 21. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That upon the trans-
fer and delivery of bonds to the Treasurer as provided in
the foregoing section, the association making the same shall
be entitled to leceive tiom the Comptrolierof the Currency
calculating notes of different denominations, in blank, re-
gistered and countersigned as hereinafter piovided, equal
in amount to ninety per cent, of the current market value
of the United States boruU *o transferred and dehveied, but
not exceeding ninety per cent, of the amount of said bonds
at the par value theieof, if bearing intere&tat a rate not less
than five per cent, per annum; and the amount of such
circulating notes to be furnished to each association shall
be in proportion to its paid-up capital, as follows, and no
more: to each association whose capital shall not exceed
$500,001), ninety per cent, of such capital; to cach associ-
ation whote capital exceeds §500,000, but does not exceed
$1,000,000, eighty per cent, of such capital ; to cach as.so-
eiation whose capital exceeds $1,000,000, but docs not ex-
ceed $'3,000,000, seventy-five per cent, oi Mich capital; to
each a^oeiation wiio e capital exceeds $3.000.000, sixty
per cent, of &uch capital. And that $150,000,000 of the
entne amount of circulating notes authorized to be i^ued,
shall he apportioned to associations in the .States and Dis-
trict of Columbia and in the Territories accoidmg to tep-
reseutative population, and the remainder shall be appor-
tioned by the Secretary of the Treasury among associations
foimed m the several States, the District ofColumbia, and
the Teintoues, having due legard to existing banking cap-
ital, resources, and business of such States, District, and
Temtories.
The second section of the bill proposes to au-
thorize, under the direction of the Secretaty of
the Treasury, the employmentof one chief of the
division of currency, one chief of the division of
organization of banks, one chief of the division
of general correspondence and statistics, and one
chief of the division of redemption, with an an-
nual salary of §2,200 each, and to make the salary
of the Deputy Comptroller §3,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will explain to the Senate
this bill, which only came to us to-day and is
reported back at once, simply because 1 think
the first section is very important. The second
section classifies the employes of the Currency
Bureau and increases their salaiies. If the Senate
is at all discontented with the increase of salary,
I am perfectly willing to strike out the second
section. The Committee on Finance were willing
to do it. The first section is important in this
respect: it is restrictive of the currency bill; it
limns the circulation of the banks of large cap-
ital less than the amount now limited by law.
The second limitation requires the circulation to
be apponioned among the States, one half ac-
cording to population and the other half according
to banking resources. In this respect it is a copy
of the provision in the original banking law,
winch was left out when the banking law was
revised at the last session. 1 think the first sec-
tion of great importance, and 1 hope, therefore,
the Senate will act upon it promptly. The sec-
ond section I am indifferent about, if any Sen-
ator desires to have it stricken out I have no ob-
jection.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. COWAN. I move that the bill beamended
by striking out the second section.
Mr. HOWE- I hope that amendment will not
prevail. In the first place I do not believe that
the organization recommended there is prejudicial
to the public service; I believe, on the contrary,
it will prove highly beneficial; but the Senate
may differ upon that point; and there is another
reason why I would not vote to strike it out even
if I thought it was not exactly judicious to raise
these salaries at this time: it will necessitate
sending the bill back to the House of Represent-
atives. It is very important that we save the first
section, and I hope the Senate will pass the bill
as it comes to us from the House.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, and
was read the third time.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to say that I
vote against this bill simply because it is impos-
sible to know what it is. It is brought here at a
time of the session when we cannot know its fall
effect upon existing laws.
Mr. GrRFMES. I desire to say substantially
that the reason why I vote against the bill is that
assigned by the Senator from Indiana. If it was
necessary that the laws in regard to the national
banks should be changed, it seems to me there is
no apology for the Bureau of Currency not having
sent the bill to the Committee of Ways and Means
or the Committee on Finance earlier than the last
hours of the session. I may be rather mentally
obtuse, but I confess that I am yet unable to
comprehend how the first section of this bill,
which the Senator from Ohio deems to be of so
much consequence, changes the law as it stands,
from the casual reading that has been had. It
has only been read here once, and has not been
printed either in this body or in the other House,
I believe.
In the next place, I am unwilling to vote for
the second section, which lays the foundation for
increasing the salaries paid to all the clerks in
Washington, for I cannot conceive any reason
why we should pay laiger salaries to the clerks
in the Bureau of Currency than to those in the
Bureau of the Treasurer of the United States.
They certainly handleas much money in the one
case as in the other, and they are required to be
as skillful and competent accountants in the one
bureau as in the other, and I do not know why
there is not the same responsibility, and why
there ought not to be the same compensation in
the one case as in the other.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am disposed to agree
with the Senator from Iowa about the second sec-
tion; but there was no division called for on it.
There are but four clerks in the Currency Bureau
whose salaries will be raised by this section, and
the increase will be only $200 a year.
Mr.COLLAMER. That will be afoundation
for every other case.
Mr. SHERMAN. As I said in the opening,
I was perfectly willing to strike out the second
section, but no one thought it of sufficient im-
portance to call for a division. The iiist section
does make an important change in the law,
which ought to have been introduced at an earlier
day; but that is not our fault. The House of
Representatives did not send us the bill before,
and it was one of that class of bills which we could
not very well introduce here. I think it ought .
to he passed. It limits the circulation of the large !
banks. Under the present law a bank with a
large capital can get ninety per cent, of its capital
stock in circulating notes. By this bill it can
only get from seventy to eighty per cent.
Anotherand still more important reason is that
the banking system has gone on so rapidly that
in Massachusetts her full share, according to a
fair apportionment, has been reached, and so it
is probably in one or two other States. The
State of Ohio has a good deal of banking capital
under this law. It is important now, before the
limit is reached, that the capital should be fairly-
apportioned among the States. 1 think it neces-
sary, therefore, to pass the bill at this session
rather than at the next. In order to avoid all
controversy about the bill I move to reconsider
the vote" by which the Senate refused to strike
out the second section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will first be
necessary to reconsider the vote ordering the bill
to a third reading.
Mr. SHERMAN. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to reconsider
the vote by which the Senate refused to strike out
the second section of the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the question
recurred on the amendment proposing to strike
out the second section.
Mr. HOWE. I simply want to say that I do
not believe there is a bank in the United States
hiring that kind of service for the salaries we aro
paying, and I feel that the Government of the
United States can pay as much as banks.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time; and the question upon its
passage being taken by yeas and nays, resulted—
yeas 28, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew, Clark,
Collamer, Conner, Dixon, Doolntlc, Foot, Foster, Har-
lan, Harris. Ilendeison, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Kansas,
Morgan, Nesniith, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sherman,
Sprague, Sumner, Ten Eyck,Trumbull, Van Winkle,and
Willey—53.
NAYS—Messrs. Cowan, Davis, Grimes. Hale, Howard,
Powell, RiddU, Wade, and Wilson—9.
ABSENT—Messrs. Carhle, Chandler, Farwell, Hardin?,
Hendricks, T,anp ot Indiana, McDnugall, Morrill, Richard-
son, Saubbury, Stewait, Wilkinson, and Wright—13.
So the bill was passed.
officers' servants.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had agreed to the
amendments of the Senate to the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 170) declaring and defining the mean-
ing of the law in regard to offtcers'servants, with
an amendment, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate. On motion of Mr. Wilson-,
the action of the House of Representatives was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs and
the Militia.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 682) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses of
the Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty-
stipulations with various Indian tribes for the
year ending the 30th June, 1866, submitted the
following report:
The committee ofconfeience onthedisagreeing vote4?of
the two Houses on the bill (II. U. No. G82) making appropri-
ations for the current and contingent expanses of the In-
dian department, and for fulfilling treatv stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the yeai ending the 30th June, 1866,
having met, after full and free co.ifeience have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend, to their respective Houses
as follows:
1. That the House dgjagree to the first, second, third,
fourth, fifth, eighth, ninth, eleventh, twelfth, thirteenth,
fourteenth, fifteenth, and sixteenth amendments of theSen-
ate.
2. That the Senate recede from tlieir tenth amendment.
3. That the i!ou*e agree to the biuh amendment of the
Senate with the following amendments: strike out the
words " insurance and-'5 wheie tliey first occur in said
amendment, and add aitei the word " cents" wherever it
occurs, the woid-4 " or so much thereof as shall be neces-
sary."
To the seventh amendment of the Senate with the fol-
lowing amendment: stuke out the words "this amount
to supply a deficiency in,"
To the seventeenth amendment of the Senate with the
following amendments : nwrt m the eleventh line of «aid
amendment fitter the word '' XVIissts--1ppi,*' the words
" hands ot Chippewa.- at the end of the thirteenth para-
graph relating to the Chippewas, insert the word* u or so
much thereof as shall he necessaryin the first Imo of the
fifteenth paragraph Mnkeout the word« " eleven hundred
in the fourth line of the same paragraph, after the word
'■ at" insert the woid* " a rate not exceeding at the end
of the same paragraph insoit the woids" or so much there-
of as shall be necessary m the third hue of the sixteenth
paragraph after the word " at" in&ert the wordsa rate not
exceeding;" awl at the end of the same paragraph add tho
words " or so much thereof as Fhall bo necessary in the
third, fourth, and fifth lines of tho seventeenth paragraph
strike out the following words: (t being four hundred and
