THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
fixing,the status of those States again, their po-
litical condition in relation to this Government,
that is, making peace; I say that Congress has a
right, if so convinced in all candor, to say that in
order to preserve our plighted public faith con-
tained in that guarantee we will destroy and abol-
ish ihat institution; for'we cannot keep our guar-
antee without doing it.. Cannot Congress under
(be' generafprovisioaof the Constitution make all
jaws proper an,d necessary to carry into effect the
powers granted in the Constitution ? Clearly. If
that is so t|ien Congress may, in fixing the status
of these States,if they are-convinced of the prop-
osition I have just stated, make it one of the con-
ditions of their again exercising their franchise as
integral members of this Union, that they shall
be placed in a position which will enable the Union
fo continue and exist.
Such being my view, it remains for me to say
a few words about what the Senator said yester-
day in regard to the presentprobability of peace..
I know nothing about that. I have no admis-
sions to the White House, and 110 knowledge of
proceedings there; but I guess, after all, I have
about as.much as some members of the Cabinet,
[laughter,] and you know a Yankee is allowed to
"gifess." I have but little expectation of any
present cessation of hostilities, even. I have be-
fore remarked that I do not think the mere cessa-
tion of military operations is necessarily a peace,
nor do 1 think the political status of these States
is thereby reestablished. 1 think it requires two
parties to make a peace. 1 know not what the
President may do. I grant that the President
may, if he sees fit, pardon all treason. He has
that power. Whether he can really dispense with
the operations of what is called the confiscation
act", 1 do not know. I had but very little to do
with that act, but I believe it provides for making
confiscations by proceeding in rein, and trying a
man without notice to him. I do not understand
much about such proceedings, nor exactly knftw
how far they may go. But it seems to me that,
before the President can reestablish these States
in the Union, perfoiming the functions of loyul
States within this Government and integral parts
of it, somehow or other the action of Congress
will be needed. That is the very point we have
now in discussion, the very point I am after.
. I think it does need the action of Congress.
How will he get rid of that confiscation law by
any action of,his own? I surely do not know.
Then a law has been passed with his approval
declaring that persons who have been engaged in
this rebellion are ineligible to appointments to of-
fice in this Government. I do not know but that
Vierhapa he may get them in without having that
law repealed by Congress, but I cannot tell how.
So in whatever aspect you look at the case it is
evident that no reestablishmcnt of the former con-
dition of things can take place without the action
of Congress. There are many other acts of simi-
lar character which stand directly in the way of
doing what the Senator from Maryland thinks can
be done by the President. Put an end to the hos-
tilities, ajid there, he says,is the end; the States
are in, and we have nothing to do with it; and he
cannot support a resolution which declares that
we have to do with it! I say we have to do with
it; we are the other party in the war, and I think
we must participate in the ^establishment of
peaceful relations.
The power existing in Congress in the rees-
tablishment of peaceful relations to annex such
conditions as are necessary to our preservation
and life, another question arises, when and how
and in what manner you will exercise the power.
Will you ever exercise it at all? Will you ever
annex any such conditions? We are told by
the papers, which seem to be very hungry for
peace,and to be crying " Peace, peace, when there
is no peace,"that there is no need of saying any-
thing moie about the condition to which I have
adverted, because the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives have passed a constitutional amend-
ment, and that will accomplish the purpose. If
I were entirely convinced that we could not sus-
tain a republican government in these States and
keep them within this Union in any other way
than by having the institution of slavery abol-
ished, and I was inquired of whether 1 would in-
sist upon that as a prerequisite and condition pre-
cedent to their reestablishment, I would say tliis:
if I was perfectly convinced, fully satisfied in my
own mind, that the constitutional amendment re-
ferred to would be adopted by the constitutional
number of States, that would remove the occasion
for the exercise of any such power on the part of
Congress, but I do not know how that will be.
That is a matter which lies in the future. Neither
I nor any other man can tell when and how and
in what manner it will take place, or whether it
will ever take place at all. While things remain
suspended in this condition I reserve to myself
the right of exercising this power which I think
in the extreme Congress constitutionally pos-
sesses. In what manner I shall exercise it will
depend upon the occasion as it shall present it-
self. It will depend upon their desire to restore
their former condition, how far they have returned
to loyalty and allegiance, how far they have so
shaped their institutions as to furnish security for
the future that the peace would be kept. AH these
matters would have to be examined into in each
case as it presented itself.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out all after the word " that,"
where it first occurs, and inserting: ,
The States of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina,
Geoigia, Flomla, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana,Texas,
Arkansas, ami Tennessee, ai e not entitled to representation
in the Electoral College for ttie choice of President ami Vice
President for the term of office commencing 011 the 4th day
of March, 1865; and 110 electoral votes shall be received or
counted fioin said States concerning the choice of Piesi-
dent and Vice President (or the said term of office.
The simple effect of my amendment to the
amendment is to strike out the preamble and to
leave the resolution just as the Committee on the
Judicialy reported it. It seems to me that three
fourths of the debate that has taken place upon
tlio subject has originated out of the pieamble.
I think that there is a clear, indicated majority of
the Senate in favor of the resolution, and that the
Senate are ready to vote simply on the resolution.
I do not intend to prolong the debate. I merely
rise to announce what will be the effect of the
amendment. As I believe that the preamble has
given rise to the gieat body of the debate that
has already occuned,! propose to cutoff further
discussion on the preamble by moving to sti ike it
out, and bring tlio Senate to act directly and simply
upon the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clauk in
the chair.) The Chair will inquire of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky whether Ins amendment is a
substitute for the original resolution and preamble.
Mr. DAVIS. My amendment is an amend-
ment to the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senator from
Kentucky will not persist in his motion. We
had a distinct vote yesterday on striking out the
preamble. He and I desire to accomplish the
same object. I think the debate is pretty much
over, and if we can get to a vote we shall soon
settle this matter, and it seems to me we had
better adhere to the resolution as the Committee
on the Judiciary have reported it back. There
seems to be a disposition in the Senate to pass a
resolution of some character, and we shall soon-
est accomplish our object by just voting for the
proposition as it is. Perhaps it is not 111 the very
best form. As an original proposition I cared
nothing about the preamble, nor do I now, but
still I Think we shall the soonest get through by
not offering amendments. I believe the Senate
is about ready to vote; and the object to be ac-
complished seems to be acquiesced 111, and that
is, to prevent the counting of the votes of certain
States.
Mr. DAVIS. If the Senate will come toavote
without any further debate I will not press the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us try.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, sir, I withdraw it, in the
hope that we may come to a vote.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I hope the honorable
Senator from Kentucky will not withdraw it,
but will accept a modification by inserting after
" 1865" the words " for the reason that there has
been 110 valid election or appointment of electors
of President and Vice President in any of those
States."
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Del-
aware will allow me to suggest that that is the
very preamble now. Those very words that he
proposes to put in are in the amendment reported
by the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. SA.ULSBURY. If that is so, very well.
I was not aware of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will have
the preamble read as it was concurred in in Com-
mittee of the Whole, I think it will satisfy him.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not about to continue
the debate,, but only to refer to a sentence or two
in two of the books I have on my table. My
friend fiom Vermont seems to suppose that what
was said in the Convention that framed the Con-
stitution in relation to the use of force against
States had reference alone to the States as they
existed under the Articles of Confederation. He
will find that Mr. Madison—I read from his De-
bates—in that Convention, in speaking to what
was proposed as a clause to be inserted in the
Constitution, authoiizing an exertion of the force
of the whole against a delinquent State, spoke in
this way:
" He observed that the more he reflected on the use of
force the more he doubted the practicability, the justice,
and the efficacy of it when applied to people collectively,
and not individually. A union of the States containing
such an ingredient seemed to provide lor its own destitu-
tion. The u&e of lorce against a State would look more
like a declination ot war than aiunfliction ot punishment,
and would piobably be considered by the party attacked
as a dissolution of all picvious compacts to which it ought
to be bound."
Then he is speaking in reference to a proposed
power 111 the Constitution of the Union, as we
have it, to authorize the use of force against a
State as such.
Mr. COLLAMER. That was a proposition
to carry into effect the Confederation.
Mr. JOHNSON. No; it was in the Conven-
tion to adopt the Constitution, But I will not
fatigue the Senate by going further into that sub- •
ject. I stated yesterday that both the majority
and/lie minority of the judges of the Supieme
Court by whom the pnze cases were decided,
expressly negatived the idea of any authority to
curry on a war or declare a war against any State
of the Union. That will be seen first in the opin-
ion of the majority on page 668, 2 Black's Re-
ports, in which, speaking for the court, Mr. Jus-
tice Griur, who delivered the opinion, says:
" liy the Constitution Congress alone lias the power to
declate a national or loieigu war. It cannot declaie war
against a State, or any number <>l' Slates, by vntin-* ol any
clause 111 the Constitution. Tlio Constitution coiiiei* on
the I'le&ulent the whole executive power. He is bound to
take eaie that the laws be iaithfuIIv executed. He is Com-
iiMudei-in-Cliiefot the Ai my and Navy of the United Stated,
and of the milam of ihe seveial States when called into the
actual s>eiviee ot the United States. He has no power to
initiate or declare war against a foreign nation or a domes-
tic State. But by the acts ot Congress, of l-Vbiuary 28,1795,
and 3d of March, 18U7. he is authorized to call out the mi-
litia and use the imluaiy and naval forces of the United
States in ca&e of invasion by foreign nations and to sup-
press insurrection against the Government of a State or of
the United Stated."
And at page 693, Mr. Justice Nelson, who gave
the opinion of the minority, says:
11 Tlio acts of 1795 and 1807 did not, and could not, un-
der the Constitution, confci on the osid^iit tlio power of
dcclaungwai against a State of this Union, of ol decid-
ing thai \v<u existed.''
And Congress has not undertaken to do it by
the two acts referred to by the court or by the
act of July 13, 1861. Those nets all profess to
act exclusively under the clause of the Constitu-
tion which authorizes the employment of force
to suppress an insurrection.
The subject has been fully discussed in Con-
gress; on the questions in issue between my
friend from Vermont he has said ail that can be
said on his side, and I have endeeivored to say
what I could on the other. 1 shall not, therefore,
detain the Senate by any further discussion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. COLLAMER.]
The amendment was read, as follows:
Sttil:e out the preamble and resolution and inseitthe
follow Iflg .
Retired, S,c.} That the people of no State, the inhabit-
ants wheieot have been deelated in a state of ins-unec-
tion by virtue ot the tilth section of the act mutlod " An
act (Hither to provide tor the collection of duties on im-
poits, and lor oilier purpus-cV apptwved July 13, 18til,
shall be regarded as empoweied to elect electors ot Piesl-
dent and Vice President of the United States until said
condmou of uisuirection shall cea-e, and be so declared
by vniueot the law of the United States, or until they
shall be lepicseutcd m both Houses of Congiess ^noi shall
any vote ca«t by any Mich eleetois elected by the votes ot
the inhabitants of any such State, ortheLegislature thereof,
be received or counted.
