THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
TUB OFFICIAL I'ilOCEEDlINGS OF CON GUESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. 0.'
Thirty-Eighth Congkess, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1865.
New Series No. 38.'
The question being taken by the yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 27, as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Clark, Collamer,
Dixon, Faiwell, Foot, Hailan, Howard, Lane of Kansas,
Itamsay, Sumner, and Wilson—13.
NAYS—Messrs. liuckalow, Chandler, Conness, Cowan,
Davis, Doolitile, Foster, Hale, Hairis, Henderson, Hen-
dricks, Howe, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Morrill,
Nyr, Pomr-ioy, Powell, Saulsbuiy, Sheun.ui, Stewart, ']Vn
Eyck, Trumbull, Van Wmkle, Willcy, and Wright—27.
ABSENT—Messis. Carlilc, Giimes, Hardin?, Hick?,
McDougali, Nestuith,Richardson, Itiddle, Spraguo, Wade,
and Wilkinson—11.
So the amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on concurring in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HOWARD. I understand that is an amend-
ment by which a part of the preamble was stricken
out. 1 ask for the yeas and nays upon the amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the amendment will
be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to strike out from the preamble the words "and
have continued in a state of armed rebellion for
more than three years, and were in said state of
\irmed rebellion on the 8th day of November,
1864;" and in lieu of them to insert, " and were
m such state of rebellion on the 8th day of No-
vember, 1864, that no valid election for electors
of President and Vice President of the United
States according to the Constitution and laws
thereof was held therein on said day," so as to
make the preamble read as follows:
Whereas the inhabitants and local authorities of the
Stales of Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Geor-
gia, Floiida, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, Texas, Ar-
kansas, and Tennessee lebelled against the Government
of the United Stains, and were jn such state of rebellion
on the 8(h day of November, 1864, that no valid election
loi electois ol Piesident and Vice President of the United
State5?, accordmgto the Constitution and laws tlicicof, was
held therein on ^aid day.
Mr. POMEROY. I suppose it is in order to
perfect the preamble before the question is taken
on striking out?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in order
to amend the amendment. The question is not
on striking out the whole preamble.
Mr. POMEROY. I propose to offer an amend-
ment to which I think the chaiiman of the com-
mittee will not object; and that is, instead of say-
ing that these States continued up to the 8th day
of last November in such a state of armed rebel-
lion that a valid election could not be held, to say
simply that they were in sue!) a condition that a
valid election could not be held. Myamendment
is to strike out the words "state of rebellion"
and insert "condition." These States were not
all in rebellion then; but I will admit that they
were in such a condition that they could not vote.
Mr. HOWARD. I had supposed that the
amendment suggested by the Committee on the
Judiciary, on which we are now again to vote,
was simply to strike out a portion of the pream-
ble and not to substitute anything in its place. I
perceive that in that respect I was mistaken, and
that there is a substitution of other words which
satisfy me. I shall therefore vote for the amend-
ment of the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no rightto accept
the amendment of the Senator from Kansas, which
is only to insert the word "condition" in place
of the words " state of rebellion," so as to declare
tlmt these States were in such a condition that no
valid election could be held. I had no objection
to that individually, and as it seems to be more
satisfactory to some members of the Senate and
does not alter the meaning of the resolution or
preamble, i shall not object to it. The preamble,
if thus amended, will then read that certain States
rebelled against the Government and weie in such
& condition on the 8th of November last that no
valid election could be held. I am satisfied with
that as an individual.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not see the propriety
38
of this change. It says they rebelled at such a
time and were in a bad condition on the 8th of
November, "'flfrhat the condition was it does not
state. Was it a bad condition of health ?
Mr. HALE. I think the history of the Sen-
ate affords a precedent for the phraseology that
is to be used here, it was once stated in'a cer-
tain case on the floor of the Senate that certain
members did not belong to a healthy political or-
ganization. [Laughter.]
Mr. POMEROY. The object which I desire
to accomplish is a simple one. I do not like to
state in the preamble what is not true. That the
local authorities of these States did rebel against
the Government four years ago I have no doubt;
but that all of them continued that rebellion up
to the 8th day of November last is not true, and
there is no use in saying that it is. For instance,
in the State of Arkansas—and the same may be
true of Louisiana—the local authorities that re-
belled have not been inside of the State within a
year. Then how could they have been in rebel-
lion in that State on the 8th day of November
last? The progress of our armies has been such
that they were not there; and for us to say in this
preamble that they continued in a state of rebel-
lion up to that time is not true. I am willing to
say that the disorganized condition of these States,
and the fact that they had not been recognized by
the General Government, left them in such a con-
dition that it was not expedient to hold an elec-
tion. I am willing to say that, because I think
that it is true. The other statement is not true,
and that is the reason 1 do not wish to make it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Kansas
to the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. JOHNSON. With due deference to the
Senator from Kansas, I beg to say that it by no
means follows because the authorities of the State
of Atkansas were driven out of Arkansas, that
they are not jn a state of rebellion. You might
have driven all the inhabitants of Arkansas and
all the authorities out, and they still be waging
war against the United States. In fact I suppose,
as far as the authorities are concerned, that is
true—I mean the authorities existing under the
Governmentof Arkansas at the time the rebellion
commenced.
Mr. POMEROY. They abandoned the State.
The local authority is confined to the State.
Mr. JOHNSON. They abandoned the State
because they were driven out of it.
Mr. POMEROY. They were not driven out
as local authorities, but as individuals.
Mr. JOHNSON. They could not have been
driven out otherwise. Still in point of fact when
they werednven out, they were local authorities.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes.
Mr. JOHNSON. And in point of fact they
were on the 8th of November in a state of rebel-
lion; that is to say, they were waning against
the United States, either collectively or individu-
ally. It is notstnctly true to the letter that all
the inhabitants and all the local authorities of any
one of these States were in a state of rebellion on
the 8th of November. There were a great many
loyal citizens in each one of the States,and there
may have been among the local authorities some
loyal citizens who were diiven by force to take
part in the insuriection. But in point of law, as
we have already said in the act of July 13 th, 1861,
and as the President has said in his proclamation
issued in pursuance of that act, so far as our power
to put down insurrection by force of arms is con-
cerned, they were in a state of insurrection; and
then the question comes back whether a State
whose inhabitants are collectively for the most
part in a state of insurrection (that is to say, are
opposing the laws of the United States, and who
aio suppoited in that opposition by the local au-
thorities, such as they are,) can elect electors.
Mr. POMEROY. The local authorities to
which I referred were the rebel authorities. They
never had but one election in the State that I allu-
ded to since the rebellion, and their governor has
been killed and the whole thi.ng destroyed. It is
not true that these rebel local authoyities were in
a condition to make war even outside of the Stat©
on the 8th day of last November. The reallocai
authorities were loyal Union men; and for us to
say that the real local authorities of that State
were in rebellion on the 8th day of last Novem-
ber will be saying what is not true. In the first
place, the term of office of the old local authorities
had expired by limitation; and in the second place,
the chief men in that government were notaliva
to exert any influence if they were disposed to do
so. To say that they made war on the Govern-
ment on the 8th day of last Novomber, or were
in a condition to do so, is saying what cannot be
true; and that our local authorities made war on
the Government is equally untrue. 1 am willing
to say that these parties not having been recog-
nized or countenanced by the Government, were
in such a condition that they could not hold an
election, and with that amendment I propose to
sustain the resolution. I ask for the yeas and
nays on my amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DOOLLTTLE. I suggest to the Senator
from Kansas, and to Senators around me, to avoid
any trouble about the recitals in the preamble#
that we strike out the preamble and just put the
names of the States we intend to excluue from
the Electoral College into the enactment and let it
go at that.
Mr. TRUMBULL, Wehavehadadirectvote
on that, and now wc are having a controversy
about a matter which I am sure if the resolution
was printed and laid before Senators there would
be no controversy in regard to. The question
now pending is simply whether the word "con-
dition" shall be used in place of the words " state
of rebellion." The Senator from Vermont thinks
it very objectionable because he supposes it may
refer to the health of the States in some way.
The word " condition" is to be understood in the
connection in which it is used; and the previous
language of the preamble explains it. It seems
to me nobody can misunderstand it who does not
want to misunderstand it, with the resolution
before him. The preamble now recites that the
States of Arkansas, Tennessee, and others, re-
belled against the Government of the United States,
and were in such state of rebellion that no valid
election was held in November last. The Sen-
ator from Kansas objects to that because he thinks
all those States were not in a state of rebellion on
the 8th of November; but he admits that the con-
dition of things was such that no valid election
could be held, and he wants to change the words
"state of rebellion" to the word "condition."
Does that alter the effect of the resolution, or docs
it alter the effect of the preamble? If it would
satisfy the Senator from Kansas, 1 was quite will-
ing that it should be adopted. I can see no pos-
sible objection to adopting his amendment, and
then we shall be done with the controversy.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 26, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, llucknlew, Chanler,
Clark, Conness, Davt , T)ixon, Doohttlc, Farvvelf, Foot,
Hat Ian j Harris. Ilendei-nn, Hendricks, Lane of Kansas,
Moigan, Pomeroy, Powell, Ramsey, Sauisbury, Sherman,
Trumbull, V.ui Winkle, Willey, and Wilson—126.
NAYS—Messrs. Colhuner, Cowan, Fostoi, Grimes, Hale,
Howard, Johnson, Morrill, Nye, Stewart, Ten Eyck,Wade,
arid Wright—13.
ABSENT— Messis. Carltle, Harding, Hick",Howe,Lane
of Indiana, MeDougatl, Nesmith, Iheliaid&on, liiddle,
Sprague, Sumner, and Wilkinson—12.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to move to
strike out the preamble, and insert after the word
"States," in the resolution, the names of the
Stntes recited in lhe pieamble.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The firstques-
tion is on concurring m the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole as it has beeix
amended.
Mr. D00L1TTLE. It is true that yesterday
the Senator from Kansas made a motion to strike
out the names of those States from the preamble;
