1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
1850
thirty-five thousand six hundred pounds of pork and flour
in packages," and insert in lieu thereof the words " at a
rate not exceedingand at the end of the same paragraph
add the words " or so much thereof as shall benecessary."
To the section relating to the payment in coin with an
amendment so that it will read as follow?: ilJlnA be it fur-
ther enacted, That the Secretary of the Treasury is author-
ized to pay In coin such of the annuities as by the terms
ol any treaty of the United States with any Indian tribe are"
required to be paid in com."
To the section relating to the Stockbridge-Munsee tribe
of Indians with the following amendment: insertafterthc
words "subject to alt duties" the words " and liabilities to
taxation," and by adding to the title, " and for other pur-
poses."
J. R. DOOLITTLE,
JAMES HARLAN,
JOHN CONNESS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JOHN A. KASSON,
JOHN R. McBRiDE,
C. A. ELDR1DGE,
Managers on the part of the House,
The report was concurred in.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 744) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the public
debt,and forother purposes," approved June 30,
1864, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No 744) to amend an act
entitled " An act to provide internal revenue to support
the Government, to pay interest on the public debt, and for
other purposes," approved June 30,1864, having met, after
full and free conference have agreed to recommend, and
do recommend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to sixth,
seventh, thirteenth, fourteenth, fifteenth, seventeenth,
eighteenth, nineteenth, twenty-first, twenty-second, twen-
ty-fourth, twenty-fifth, twenty-sixth, twenty-seventh,
twenty-ninth, thirty-second, thirty-fourth, thirty-sixth,
thirty-seventh, thirty-ninth, lurty-first, forty-second, iorty-
tlurd, forty-loui th, forty-filth, forty-sixth, forty-seventh,
forty-eighth, forty-ninth, fifty-first,fiflty-second, fifty-third,
fifty-fifth, fifty-seventh, fifty-eighth, sixty-first, sixty-fourth,
sixty-fifth, sixty-filth and a half, sixty-sixth,sixty-seventh,
sixty-eighth, seventy-second, seventy-third, seventy-fourth,
seventy-fifth, &eventy-&ixth, seventy-seventh, seventy-
eighth, seventy-ninth, eightieth, eighty-first, eighty-second,
eighty-third, cighty-iifth, eighty-sixth, eighty-seventh,
eighty-eighth, eighty-muth, ninetieth, mnety-t>ccond, nine-
ty-tourth, and ninety-fifth.
That the Senate recede from their first, third, fourth, fifth,
eighth, eleventh, twellth, sixteenth, twentieth, twenty-
third, twenty-eighth, thirtieth, thirty-first, thirty-third, fif-
tieth, fifty-fourth, fifty-sixth, fifty-ninth, sixtieth, sixty-sec-
ond, sixty-third, sixty-ninth, seventy-first, ninety-first, and
ninety-third.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
second amendment of the Senate, and agree to the skme
with an amendment, as follows: in line nine ©f said
amendment, after the word one" insert " or more," and
strike out all alter the woid " district," in line ten, to the
end of said amendment.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
ninth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same,
with an amendment, as follows: insert, in lieu of the
words stricken out, the words "also by inserting after the
word 4 warehouse,' and before the words 'and no draw-
back,'the following words: 'and the same fees shall be
paid for exports as aiechaiged to exporters for like services
in the custom-house.' "
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
tenth amendment of the Senate and agree to the same with
an amendment, as follows: strike out of said amendment
the words " drawn in the .States represented in Congress,"
and ineeit in lieu theieof the woid " existing and after
the words "supplementary tickets" insertk< of such lot-
tery."
That the House recede from their disagreement to so
much of the thirty-fifth amendment of the Senate as pro-
poses to strike out woids, and agree thereto with an amend-
ment, as follows: inseit in lieu of the words slacken out
the words" on smoking tubacco of all kinds, and mutations
thereof, not otherwise herein provided for, thirty-five cents
per poundand the Seriate agree to the same.
That the House recede iioin their disagreement to so
much of the thirty-eighth amendment of the Senate a> pro-
poses to strike out words, and agree to the same with an
amendment, as follows: insert in lieu of the words stricken
out the words-, "on all cigars, cheroots, and cigarettes,
made wholly of tobacco or of any substitutes therefor, ten
dollars per thousand cigars;" by "inserting in the last paia-
graph relating to cigars, after the words "imprisonment not
exceeding thirty days" the words "and any person fur-
nished with such permit may apply to the assistant as-
sessor or inspector of the district to have any cigars oftheir
own manufacture counted; and on receiving a certificate
of the number, tor which such fee as may be prescribed by
the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall be paid by the
owner thereof, may sell and deliversuch cigars to any pur-
chaser, in the presence of said assistant assessor or in-
spector, in bulk or unpacked, without payment of the duty.
A copy of the ceitificate shall be retained by the assistant
assessor, or by the inspector, who shall return the same to
the assistant assessor of the district. The puichascr shall
pack such cigars in boxes, and have the same Inspected
and marked or stamped according to the provisions of this
act, and shall make a return of the same as inspected to
the assistant assessor of the district, and, unless removed
V
to a bonded warehouse, shall pay the duties on such cigars
within five days after purchasing them to the collector of
the district wherein they were manufactured, and before
the same have been removed from the store or building of
such purchaser, or from his possession ; and any such pur-
chaser who shall neglect for more than five days to pack
and have such cigars duly inspected, and pay the duties
thereon according to this act, or who shall purchase any
cigars from any person not holding such permit, the duties
thereon not having been paid, shall be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and he fined not exceeding $500, and be im-
prisoned not exceeding six months, at the discretion of the
court, and the cigars shall be forfeited and sold, one fourth
for the benefit of the informer, one fourth for the officer
who seized or had them condemned, and one half shall be
paid to the Government."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
fortieth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with an amendment, as follows: inseit, in lieu of the
words proposed to be stricken out, the word?, u that sec-
tion one hundred and three be tuither amended by adding
the following after the word 'vehicle,' where it occurs
the second time in the section : ' Provided, That this sec-
tion shall not apply to those teams, wagons, and vehicles
used in the transportation of silver ores fiom the mines
where the same are excavated to the place where they are
reduced oi worked.'"
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
sixty-first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with an amendment, as follows: after the word "one"
strike out the word " stamp," and iusert, in lieu thereof,
the words " one or more stamps."
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
seventieth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same, with the following amendment: strike out the word
"coal" in said amendment; and the Senate agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
eighty-fourth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows: strikeout, in addi-
tion to the word " act" the word "this" preceding said
word.
"JOHN SHERMAN,
EDGAR (JO WAN,
P. G. VAN WINKLE,
Manages on the part of the Senate.
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
GEORGE. H. PENDLETON,
S. HOOPER,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will explain the report
briefly. Iris not precisely as I desired, nor as I
think a majority of the Senate would desire, but
under the circumstances is perhaps as good as
could be expected. The amendment of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,] containing a
limitation upon the allowances for cleric hire,&c.,
is disagreed to by the House of Representatives.
The limitation of the tax on miners is agreed to.
The exception of Bibles and Testaments from the
general tax on books is agreed to. There is an
entire change made in the mode of taxing cigars.
The tax reported by the committee of conference
is ten dollars a thousand cigars, without regard to
the quality or price. It will be remembered that
the House proposed to tax tobacco in cigars sixty
cents a pound. The Senate proposed a scale of
taxes according to the value of the ctgars. The
committee of conference recommend that a uni-
form tax of ten dollars a thousand be applied to
all cigars except cigarettes, which are taxed at a
less rate. The amendment of the Senate taxing
gross receipts of corporations is agreed to. The
qualification of the tax on miners, proposed by
the Senator from Nevada, is agreed to. The tax
on savings banks is agreed to. The cotton section
is entirely stricken out, the committee of confer-
ence not being able to agree on anything m regard
to it.
Mr. HOWE. Leaving no tax on cotton?
Mr. SHERMAN. Leaving the old tax, two
cents a pound. The new section in regard to the
payments into the Treasury, and the reorganiza-
tion of the payments of the Internal Revenue Bu-
reau, is agreed to. The amendment of the Sen-
ate postponing until the 1st of July the tax of ten
per cent, on State bank circulation is agreed to.
The section offered by the Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Anthony,] giving a preference to
existing State banks in the organization of addi-
tional national banks, is agreed to. The petro-
leum tax of the Senate is agreed to; that is, one
one dollar on a barrel of forty-five gallons. The
tax on sales was disagreed to by the House and
abandoned by the Senate committee. The section
authorizing the appointment of revenue commis-
sioners is agreed to.
There is a multitude of amendments of a minor
character in regard to which 1 shall answer any
Senator who feels an interest in them. I have
named the principal subjects of controversy be-
tween the two Houses.
Mr. HOWE. I really believe that nearly the
whole virtue of this bill is in that amendment
agreed to by the Senate levying a tax on sales, and
for myself I would rather lose the bill than see that
tax surrendered, i am as convinced as I can be of
anything that I do not positively know that that
is the most beneficent and most equitable mode
of levying taxes that there is known or has been
suggested in oar internal revenue system. Ever
since 1861 I have been ambitious of seeing that
tax tried. The Senate hasat lastagreed to try it,
and I do not like to have the proposition surren-
dered without a further effort to secure the acqui-
escence of the House of Representatives in it. 1
am not without hope, indeed I have a pretty
strong hope, that another committeee of confer-
ence might secure such a result. I did not par-
ticipate in the debate which took place on that
proposition in the Senate; I listened to it; it did
not affect the judgment which 1 formed three
years ago in reference to this measure*of taxa-
tion, and I am extremely anxious to see it tried.
If, however, the Senate think it better to concur
in the report of the committee, I of course must
acquiesce in it, but I should like to know def-
finitely the judgment of the Senate on it; and
therefore E ask a division.
Mr. HARRIS. I agree entirely in the views
that have been expressed by the Senator from
Wisconsin. I am not willing to adopt this report
without a further effort to secure that provision
in the bill. I am aware that this tax on sales
will fall as heavily on my constituents as on any
part of the country, and perhaps more so; but
there is no provision for raising revenue that has
been suggested which commends itselfso strongly
to my judgment as this, and 1 desire that the
Senate shall make one more effort to secure the
passage of this section. 1 hope, therefore, the
Senate will not concur in the report.
Mr. SHERMAN. Senators before they dis-
pose of this important bill ought tb reflect on the
condition of affairs by which we are surrounded.
The tax on sales I voted for myself; 1 am in favor
of it now; I regret that it was abandoned by the"
Senate conferees; but it must be remembered on
the other hand that it was adopted here by only
one vote, by the casting vote of the Vice Presi-
dent, and on another vote was only adopted by
two majority; that it was rejected twice in the
House of Representatives; that it is a new prop-
osition, novel in its character; and to force it
through the House upon the report of the com-
mittee of conference would be an extraordinary
proceeding. A majority of the Senate confer-
ees were opposed to it and voted against it when
the question was up. As a matter of course, no
other result could be expected from that confer-
ence.
Ou the other hand if you now defeat the report
and send this question to another committee of
conference it throws open the whole controversy,
and it is not possible physically to enroll this bill
if we should have another conference. At the
next session the subject will be brought up. The
Senator from New York asks me if we had not
better lose the bill. I say not. There are very
many important changes in this bill, changes of
detail which will remove ambiguities and I think
will add somewhat to the revenue. I do not think
there is very much in the bill of vital importance,
but all the changes which have been made are
improvements; something has been secured, and
I trust therefore that the Senate will not at this
late hour defeat this bill. I shall vote for it my-
self with some reluctance because the three taxes
upon which I most relied have been stricken out:
first, the tax on sales; second, there is a total
change in the tax on cigars; and third, the tax
on petroleum is now very much reduced; but on
the whole I prefer to vote for it rather than take
the chance of getting a better bill at this late hour
of the session.
Mr. HOWE. The Senator reminds me of an-
other tax which has been surrendered, and that
is the tax on cigars. I do not hesitate to say that
if that was the only objection I had to the bill, I
would vote against it on that ground alone, and I
will. I do not give my assent to a proposition so
monstrously unjust and unequal as to levy a tax
of an even ten dollars a thousand on cigars, ir-
respective of their value—and they are sold for
all sums from one dollar to $200 a thousand; an
even tax of ten dollars on the poorest as on the
