I860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3.
bes$ qualities of cigars. I do not just now think
of anything more palpably unjust unless it be the
practice of the highwayman. I cannot vote for
a bill with that in it.
The Senator says it is late; there is work to be
done to enroll this bill. That is so. I think an-
other committee of conference might agree, and
might report in the course of two hours, and a
delay of two hours is not fata! to the passage of
the bill if there are Senators who think it im-
portant to pass the bill. For myself I think it
important to defeat the bill as it stands; but I do
not ask a second committee of conference for this
purpose.
The Senator has remarked upon a somewhat
singular fact. He says that a majority of the
conferees on the part of the Senate were opposed
to the tax on sales. If that is so, I think at least
the Senate owes it to its own judgment to try a
conference with a majority who are in favor of it
and see what they can do. It seems to me they
do not make a proper effort to save the results of
their own judgment until they have done that.
Mr. COWAN. I think, sir,oneofthe strangest
spectacles that could be presented anywhere is
that of Senators in the year of our Lord 1865
rising in the Senate and insisting upon a general
tax on sales, that which for centuries has been
deemed the most disastrous, ruinous, and mis-
chievous of all modes of taxation. Mr. Presi-
dent, I would just as soon vote that you should
place a tax-gatherer at every cross-roads in the
country, levying toll on every one who passed.
Certainly there is something to be learned from
the experience of the past. Apart from the reason
of the thing, a sufficient objection is the mischiev-
ous nature of thrusting the tax-gatherer into the
private transactions of every man and woman all
over the country, requiring an inquisition into
every sale, and what is worse, a tax upon every
sale; and the more sales, the more the country
prospers, the more active commerce is, themoie
you burden it. The man who purchases at first
hands gets the article with the tax which we now
levy, because we now levy a tax upon the first
sale of every commodity almost, and the con-
sumer, the further he is removed away from the
producer, the further he is from the center of pro-
duction, the more his burdens increase. In the
West, where the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin resides, it would not be possible that he
could get an article there without having paid
three or four taxes upon it, while those on the
sea-board would get but one or two.
As to the tax upon cigars, the very fact stated
by the honorable Senator from Wisconsin is that
fact which lies in the way of levying a tax upon
cigars in any other way than that adopted by the
committee of conference. What has been the
obstacle in the way of the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue according to the present law?
Simply the fact that cigars cost from two dollars
or §2 50 a thousand, up to $100 a thousand.
How are you to discriminate between commodi-
ties which exist with all shades of difference?
No other scheme has been devised, and no other
can be devised, except the one that is now em-
bodied in this report of the committee of confer-
ence, 1 think, which will realize anything like a
proper return from this tax on cigars. There is
the fact staring us in the face; we cannot make it
otherwise. There may be a great many things
which would be fit and proper subjects of taxa-
tion, if you could catch them at the right point
and apply your tax-collecting machinery to them,
but to do it upon cigars is utterly impossible.
Then, again, theie is quite amistaken notion as
to the amount of revenue that can be levied in
this country off tobacco. Tobacco here is not a
royal monopoly. It may be grown by every-
body and it maybe grown every where; and upon
the smallest area, say twenty feet square, an
amount of it can be grown sufficient to supply the
wants of any family in the country; but if you
force this enormous burden on it the consequence
will be that each man will become a producer for
himself, and you will get no revenue at all. You
had better be contented with the circumstances
as you find them, and levy that which you can
levy arid not lose the whole by grasping too much.
I have no doubt the committee came to a rational
conclusion on both these topics.
Mr. HOWE. I want to say two or three words
more to the Senate upon this question of a tax on
sales. The Senator from Pennsylvania has told
us again, what was told us repeatedly while the
question was under discussion the other day, that
the experience of the world had condemned this
mode of taxation for two hundred years. I do
not know how that is. American experience
has not condemned it, for American experience
never has tried it. I have been told thatin Spain,
Japan, Timbuctoo, and some other countries of
that kind, the experiment had been tried and had
not proved successful. I do not dispute the au-
thenticity of the statement. I have simply to say
that for myself I should not recommend ourstates-
men to go to Spain or Japan or Timbuctoo for a
model of taxation. I ask that it may be tried
here in America upon American trade and Amer-
ican business.
Again, it is objected to to-night, as it was
objected to repeatedly the other day, upon the
ground that it set your tax-gatherers to prying
into the private affairs of every family in the land;
and it is objected to in the face of the fact that
your law as it stands calls upon your tax-gatherer
to enter into the private affairs of every man so
far as to take the amount of his income, which
requires the mostperfect knowledge of anyman's
affairs that any account of his business could re-
quire. It requires you to count his forks if they
are made of silver, to go into his carriage-house,
to go into his factories, to ascertain what busi-
ness he is about to engage in to know how much
he ought to pay for his license. This is required
by a law as it stands, and yet they say it is odious
to put a tax-gatherer into your houses of mer-
chandise, your stores, to look at the books of
your tradesmen to see what their sales are. Sir,
is it any more offensive to a tradesman to report
the amount of his sales than it is to a manufac-
turer to report the amount of his products for a
month ? The suggestion does not become us.
It is said it will be a restriction upon trade, it will
embarrass the exchange of commodities. Look at
it. What is it? It is a proposition to levy half a
dollar on the sale of every §100 of merchandise.
If a man sells §100 worth of merchandise, he must
pay half a dollar tax for doing so; and that, it is
said, is goingto embarrass trade. Do you think
it so, that a man is going to be bothered to sell
$100 worth of goods by the fact that the law re-
quires him to pay fifty cents tax? Mr. President,
you cannot go into any two stores standing side
by side on any street in any city of the United
States and price glOO worth of goods where the
prices will come within fifty cents or twice fifty
cents ofeach other. 1 think I should be abundantly
justiBed in going further and saying that you can-
not ask any one tradesman occupying any one
store, two days in succession, to price a lot of
goods when he would give the same price within
a dollar, and yet it is said it is going to embarrass
trade to impose this tax !
Then it is objected to-night as it was objected
the other day that the further the goods go from
the centers of business the more onerous the tax
will become. That may be so. That peril falls
upon the constituency I represent as much as upon
any. But how do you raise your tax now ? You
require your manufacturer on the Atlantic, when
he makes the first sale of his goods, to advance
to the Government five per cent., or, as you now
propose, six per cent. He advances that to the
Government, and whatdoes he get in return ? He
gets a roving commission from the Government
authorizing him to levy that upon the community
through the jobber, through the retailer, through
the wholesale dealer; to levy that five per cent,
back upon the community with just as heavy
commissions for advancing it to the Government
as he can get; for the manufacturer, when he pays
that five per cent, to the Government, you know,
charges it right over to the jobber, the commis-
sion merchant, the broker to whom he sells the
goods, and he charges a commission for paying
it to the Government; and the commission mer-
chant charges what he pays and the profit he pays
to the manufacturer over to the wholesale dealer;
the wholesale dealer charges it over to the retail
dealer, and the retailer to the consumer; and when
your §100 worth of goods is passed from the
manufacturer to the consumer it has not paid a
half per cent, three or four times, as the Senator
from Pennsylvania says will be done under this
provision, but he has paid this six per cent, with
from twenty-five to fifty per cent, of'interest and
commissions added to it. That is what he has.
done then. I know the goods will be sold twe
or three times, and will pay a half per eent. two
or three times over; but is it not better for the
community to pay their taxes in that way than to
pay them as we have been paying them, hiring
the manufacturers to advance the money to the
Government, and getting authority from the Gov-
ernment in return to levy that upon us with just
such commissions as they are pleased to demand
for it? I prefer this milder way of collecting the
tax. I believe I know it is a milder way of col-
lecting the tax. I ask for the yeas and nays on
concurring in the report.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COLLAMER. There has been laboring
in my mind an objection to this tax upon sales
which the honorable Senator from Wisconsin
does not seem to have apprehended, but which
troubles me more than the objections I have heard
named. I was not at all satisfied that there ought
not to be some tax upon some sales, but it never
entered into my head that when you were going
to lay a tax on sales you were going down to the
low water ih which this is, taxing every person
who takes out a license. If you took the whole-
sale dealers, large, ex tensive sellers,where it would
be worth keeping the accounts, and stopped there,
then perhaps the experiment would be worth try-
ing. But it is a very vicious mode of taxation;
I but state a general principle when I say that it
is a very vicious mode of taxation which takes
more money out of the people than the Govern-
ment gets; which takes money from thepeople in
the form of tax that does not reach the Treasury,
unless the deduction be merely enough to pay the
tax-gatherer. Whoever pays the tax on an arti-
cle that he sells puts double the amount of the
lax he pays on the price of the article when he
sells it, and frequently a great deal more. No
man advances the money to pay the tax upon an
article that he buys to sell again, that does not
put the amount of the tax on the price of the ar-
ticle, and double it if he can. I think the com-
munity generally find that they have more than
double the amount of the tax to pay, with very
few exceptions. It is agreed upon all hands that
the articles of which the sales take place are gen-
erally sold two or three times, they will average
more than twice, before they reach the consumer,
probably, at least. Suppose the tax is a half per
cent, on ail article; that half per cent, is paid by
the man who buys thearticle to sell; he computes
that on the price and doubles it, making it one
per cent.; the next man who buys of him to sell
by retail again puts that on and doubles it; so
that at last when the consumer buys the article
he buys it with the tax put upon it and doubled
each time, and yet only the original half per cent,
reaches the Treasury. The people have to pay
twice or thrice the amount the Governmen t desires
to obtain out of them. I call that a vicious mode
of taxation.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 32, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew, Coilamer,
Conness, Cowan, Doolittle, Foot, Foster, Halo, Ilaiian,
Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas. McDoutuiH,
Morrill, Ne iuith, Nye, Pcmierny, Ramsey, Iticliardioii,
Riddle, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, Wade, Wilkinson, Wiiley, and Wri«ht—3-2.
NAYS—Messrs. Davis, Dunn, Gnnn-s, il.uri!,, Howard,
Howe, Morgan, Powell, and Wilson—9.
ABSENT—Messrs. Carlile, Uliandler, Clark, Farweii,
Harding, Henderson, Hendricks, Saulstmry, and Ten £yck
So the amendment was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIODSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had agreed to the amendments of the
Senate to the bill of the House (H. R. No. 774)
to establish certain post roads.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 51) to
establish a Bureau of Preedmen's Affairs.
The message furtherannounced that the House
of Representatives had passed the bill of the Sen-
ate (S, No. 443) to incorporate the Freedmen'a
Saving and Trust Company.
