594:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
but he did not move to substitute for the whole
resolution and preamble the resolution as it would
read with the names of the States in. Merely
striking out the names from the preamble, as the
Senator from Illinois remarked, left the resolu-
tion with no meaning, and therefore some Sena-
tors voted against it. But the present proposi-
tion of the Senator from Kansas is simply to in-
dicate what is desired, that these States shall not
be counted in the College, leaving out the pre-
amble; for there seems to be some difficulty about
the recitals in the preamble. This presents the
question in a different point of view from that in
which it was presented yesterday.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not see what is to
be gained by striking it out. It is proposed to
take the names of the States out of the preamble
and put them into the resolution. Will it beany
better then? It is just taking up time. I hope
the Senate -will adhere to the resolution as it is,
and vote down all amendments which are pro-
posed.
Mr. COLLAMER. Without this preamble I
do not understand that the resolution states the
condition of that country at all.
Mr, JOHNSON, it does not.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. J am satisfied that a
majority of the Senate, as well as of the other
branch of Congress, will vote in a few days, and
be compelled to vote, for the reception of Aikan-
sas, Louisiana, and Tennessee, and that there is
or will be a clear majority in this body in favor of
that proposition. It is not true, as stated in this
preamble, that the local authorities of the States
of Arkansas and Louisiana were not in a situa-
tion to cast their votes for President and Vice
President either by being in rebellion or by being
in " such condition," as my colleague says. They
were prepared to vote, and so far as Louisiana
is concerned, did vote, for President and Vice
President, 1 want to get rid of the preamble be-
cause I do not want to be compelled to take the
back track on my own action. By inserting the
names of the States in the resoluton, as I have
suggested, we reach the object desired by the
Senator from Illinois, and relieve ourselves from
the embarrassment that will be upon us in the
contingency I have stated.
The 1JRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment made as
in Committee of the Whole to the picamble as
that amendment has been amended.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 32, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Ruckalew, Clark,
CoHamer,{Jonness, Davis, J)ixon, Doolittle, Farwell, Fos-
ter, Grimes, Hale*, iliulan, Harris, Henderson, Hemineks,
Howard, Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Nosmith, Nye,
Pomuroy, Ramsey, Sherman,Stewart,Sumner,Trumbull,
Wad«', Wilson, and Wright—32.
NAVTS—Messrs. Cowan, Foot, Johnson,Ten Eyck,Van
Winkle, mul Willey—6.
ABSENT—Messrs. Carlilc, Chandler, Harding, Hicks,
Howe, Lane of Indiana, Mel)ou«rall, Powell, Kichaulson,
Riddle, S.iulsbury, Spiagui:, and Wilkinson—13.
So thcamendmentas amended was concurred in.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I now move to strike
out the preamble, and to strike out after the word
"States," in the tjjird line of the resolution, the
•words "mentioned in the preamble," and to in-
sert in lieu of them " Virginia, North Carolina,
South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Mis<
eissippi, Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas, and Ten-
nessee;" and on this amendment I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. As far as the mere object is
concerned, which is to exclude the votes of these
States, whether the resolution pass in its present
form or in the form now proposed makes no dif-
ference; but it seems to me singular&gislation to
resolve that the votes of certain States shall not
be counted, without assigning any reason why
they shall not be counted. How is the President
to know why they should not be counted? How
is the House of Representatives to know why
they should not be counted ? IIow is the public
to know why they are not counted? You have
just as much right to say that the vote of any
other State in the Union shall not be counted,
looking to the face of the resolution alone, if it
embraced any other State than those named, it
appeared to me individually, and I tlnnk it ap-
peared to the members of the committee, as evi-
dently as it appeared to the other House, that
when we are excludingcertain States from voting
we ought to state why we exclude them. For
that reason I shall vote against this amendment.
Mr. COWAN. The objection of the honor-
able Senator from Maryland, i think, is fatal to
this kind of legislation. This is not really a law,
at any rate; it is simply a decision. Being a de-
cision, it is insisted that the opinion of the judge
shall contain the reasons on which the law is
based. It strikes me this ought to be sufficient
to show us the fallacy of this mode of legislation.
That which we are now deciding ought to be
decided next Wednesday in the joint convention.
We have got now just to that point when it is
evident that this, instead of being a law, is simply
a decision legislative in its character.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. We have spent sev-
eral days here trying to satisfy ourselves that a
rule should be adopted for the control of the joint
convention thatisto meet nextWednesday. Now,
I should like to learn from the Senator from Mary-
land if it is usual to give a reason for a rule to
govern legislative action, in this or any other le-
gislative body. We desire to say that certain States
shall not be entitled to have their electoral votes
counted on next Wednesday, and we desire to
say so now, m order to prevent confusion and
disorder on that occasion. We have heard from
several distinguished Senators that the object is
to prevent the recurrence of a disorder that oc-
curred eight years ago in joint convention. Now,
sir, i want to save the loyal people of Arkansas
and Louisiana and Tennessee from having their
feelings further wounded. So far asoneofthose
States is concerned, we drove their Senators from
our doors last session. I am one of the men who
believe that a State organization is indispensable
to the protection of the Union men in those States.
I am one of those who believe that the bringing
back of any of the seceded States into the Union
does more to demoralize our opponents and to
close out this rebellion than any other act that we
can accomplish. It is worth more than all the
victories which can be gained in the field. 1 want
these States brought back; I want to encourage
the Union men in all the seceded States when they
evince that there is any Union feeling within then-
borders.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member is
mistaken in supposing that this is a mure rule.
A rule may be determined perhaps by the con-
vention, or certainly by the concurrent action of
the two bodies that constitute the convention.
What we propose to do now is to pass a law, to
which the President's assent is necessary before
it becomes operative, declaring what electoral
votes shall be counted legally. If we have the
authority to pass such a law—and I do not pro-
pose to discuss that question now; I think very
clearly we have the authority—when it is passed
by both bodies and approved by the President,
it is binding on the members of the convention
when they meet together. Jtis thetefore no rule;
nor is it a decision, as the honorable member from
Pennsylvania supposes. A decision of what? It
is a declaration which is itself a law that those
v©tes are not legitimate votes. Those who think
it has no operation will vote against it in any form;
but if it operates at all, it operates as a law.
Then the only question with me is whether it is
proper in Congress, having authority in certain
cases, as I think, to exclude votes of electors, to
declare that the votes of any particular State are
to be excluded without stating why they are ex-
cluded.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to ask
the Senator from Maryland if a concurrent reso-
lution, that does not require the signature of the
President, would not be just as potent on this
subject as a joint resolution ?
Mr. JOHNSON. A concurrent resolution re-
quires the approval of the President.
Mr. LANE,of Kansas. A resolution of each
branch separately composing the joint convention
would be as potent ns this law tor this purpose.
M r. DOOLITTLE. This preamble contains
a recital which meets the views ofsome gentlemen
and is opposed to the views of others, and there are
some gentlemen on this floor who have avowed
their determination to vote in favor of the proposi-
tion to exclude Louisiana upon thisotherground,
that Louisiana has no representation in Co'ngress,
and not having any representation in Congress
should not be represented in the Electoral College.
The learned Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman]
based his argument entirely on that ground. It
seems to me it would be better, without a recital
that these States continue in rebellion or that they
continue in any condition, to declare, simply, for
reasons satisfactory to each one voting for the
proposition, that the votes of these States shall
not be counted in the Electoral College; and then
the preamble would have no embarrassing effect
or any entanglement connected with it upon the
free action of any member of either Iiouse in
relation to any other question that may arise
whether the members from Louisiana or Arkan-
sas shall be admitted or not. It seems to me that
it is wise to strike out the preamble and leave the
proposition itself, and then each one who votes
for it can satisfy himself with his own reason.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I have persistently voted
" nay" on all the vaiious propositions submitted
to-day for the amendment of the preamble, al-
though someofthem, I believe,areimprovements
upon the preamble as originally reported. Being
opposed to the preamble and to the resolution it-
self, so far as it affects certain of the States men-,
tioned, it might perhaps,according to the ordinary
method of pai liamemary proceedings, have been
esteemed excusable or proper m me to have voted
" yea" on several of these propositions looking
toward an amelioration of the charge made in the
preamble as to the condition of all these States;
but as 1 am persistently opposed to the wholo
measure, so far as it applies to at least one of these
States, if not more, 1 think it more consistent
to vote "nay" in relation to all these amend-
ments.
Now, sir, if I were not prepared to say that
the State of Louisiana or Tennessee was in such
a state of rebellion on the 8th day of November
last as that there could be no legal election held
there, how could I be prepared to say that in con-
sequence of this rebellion, on the 8ih day of No-
vember last they were in such a condition that
they could not vote? I would much rather meet
the question fairly and squarely and say that they
were in a state of rebellion, than simply to evade
the question, and say that they were in some sort
of condition that 1 do not undertake to decide in
this high place. I would not snip a State of her
rights in this Union without having the boldness
to assign a cause.
That consideration regulates and controls my
action in my vote on the amendment now pro-
posed by the Senator from Kansas. I am not
prepared to vote barely and squarely that these
States shall not be counted in the Electoral Col-
lege, without assigning any reason under heaven
for my action. I think it is due to the people
there, if there be a corporal's guard of loyal men,
that we should assign here the reason why we
will not allow them to have an electoral vote cast,
after they have endeavored to do all that they
could do to reaum? their position in the Union.
I am opposed to the whole proposition fiom be-
ginning to end, and have voted, and I shall vote,
consistently I think, " nay" throughout.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I have not taken
much part in this discussion, and do not propose
to take much; but 1 intended to say two or three
words before the final vote should be taken on
the passage of this resolution, and I believe I may
as well say.those few words now as at any time.
It strikes me as a most peculiar feature of this
debate that we have spent four days, ! think, in dis-
cussing, not whether we shall pass the resolution
or not, but what reason we shall assign for passing
it. Ordinarily when you are agieed as to what law
you will enact, you are in the habit of putting
that in the bill, and looking there for the law and
looking into the Congressional Globe for the rea-
sons to be given for it. But to me this whole de-
bate seems very significant that the Senate were
conscious that they were about to do an extraor-
dinary thing, and therefore they felt it incumbent
on them to assign the reasons upon which they
acted with a great deal of care and accuracy, and
hence you have been debating for four days as to
the question what reason you shall assign for
enacting this law. I do not think you have oc-
cupied anymore time than was absolutely neces-
sary in order to assign a good reason for it.
Mr. President, here is the Constitution of the
United States, so it is denominated, declaring
that " each State shall appoint, in nuch manner
as the Legislature thereof may direct, a number
of electors equal to the whole number of Senators
