THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
United States for the district of Arkansas, and
for other purposes, and moved that the House
procced to the consideration of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that a term of the circuit court of the United
States shall be holden at Little Rock, in tjtie east-
ern district of Arkansas, on the second Monday
in October in each year.
The second section provides that the judge of
the district court of the United States for the dis-
trict of Arkansas may, whenever in his opinion
the public interest requires it, hold a term of
said court at Helena, at such time as said judge
shall appoint by a notice to be published for four
consecutive weeks in' some weekly newspaper
printed at Little Rock, and also in a newspaper
published at Helena, if one be published there.
The third section provides that the clerk of the
district court of the United States for the eastern
district of Arkansas may appoint a deputy, who
may exorcise the same official poweis as his prin-
cipal*, and where the clerk of said district court
sluxll be clerk also of the circuit court for said
district, his deputy may act as deputy clerk for
both courts. The deputy clerk shall take the
oath of office prescribed for his principal, which,
together with his appointment, shall be entered
at large on the records of the court, and the sure-
ties on his official bond shall be liable for the acts
of such deputy. The clerk or judge may revoke
the appointment of any deputy at pleasure.
The fourth section provides that in lieu of the
salary now paid to the judge of the district court
of the United States for the district of Arkansas,
there shall be allowed and paid quarterly to said
judge, out of the Treasury of the United States,
the sum of $3,500 per year.
The amendment proposed by the Committee
on the Judiciary, which was to strike out the
fourth section, was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope that the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] will consent to strike
out the provision with regard to the holding of
a circuit court at Little Rock. The gentleman
must see the inconsistency in which he is involv-
ing us.
Mr. WILSON. I do notsee nny inconsistency.
This bill proposes to do for Arkansas what lias
been done for several other States heretofore de-
clared to be in rebellion. At the last session a
similar provision was made in reference to Ten-
nessee; and at this session legislation has been
had in relation to the circuit courtfor the district
of Virginia. Various acts have been passed at the
Thirty-Seventh as well as at the Thirty-Eighth
Congress in reference to these States. The judges
are there ami have been holding courts. They
are holding them in Tennessee,and perhaps they
are holding them in Arkansas. This is for the
convenience of the courts, and for the convenience
of suitors. I demand the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I hud hoped that we would
have some logic in our action.
Mr. WILSON. The logic is that of consist-
ency. I insist on the demand for the previous
question.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 30,
noes 11; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers, and appointed
Messrs. Wilson and English.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes forty-five, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WILSON demanded the previousquestion
on the passage of the bill. '
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved that
the motion to icconsider be laid on the table
The latter motion was agreed to.
INCREASE Or SALARY.
Mr. DUMONT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to increase the salary of the judge
of the United States district court for the district of
Indiana; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
ENROLLMENT 03? VESSELS, ETC.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill relating to the enroll-
ment and license of certain vessels; which was
ead a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
FEES OF CUSTOM-HOUSE OFFICERS.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, by unani-
mous consent, also introduced a bill to regulate
the fees of custom-house officers on the northern,
northeastern, and northwestern frontiers of the
United States; which was read a firstand second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce. -
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the bill and accompanying letters be ordered to
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
TREATMENT OF SICK AND WOUNDED SOLDIERS.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Michigan, by unanimous
consent, introduced the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas an article appeared in the New York city pa-
pers of the 3d instant alleging that "on Thursday of last
week a transport filled wuh sick and wounded soldiers
dischaiged them at the whaifnearFoit Schuyler,that they
were taken out of their berths on board, cairied out upon
the wharf and laid there in rows without bed oi coverings,
exposed to all the bleakness of the January winds, fiom
four o'clock m the evening till midnight; that ton of them
died dunng this time, and that of those who were removed
twenty-five died on account of the prostiatiori by exposure
before morning:" Therefote,
lie it resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the facts of this charge and
report to this Ilou&e as soon as possible.
ARMAMENT ON THE LAKES.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker, I
ask the unanimous consent of the House to move
concurrence in the amendment of the Senate to
House joint resolution No. 91, passed at the last
session, giving notice for the termination of the
convention of 1817 relative to the armament upon
the lakes. The Senate have modified the House
resolution so as to make it conform to the exist-
ing facts, and adopting the notice given by the
President; and the Committee on Foreign Affairs
recommend that the House concur in the amend-
ment of the Senate.^
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the amendment was con-
curred in; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PEACE.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce the following resolution:
Whoioas it is alleged that informal negotiations are now
pending between the United States and ihe t-o-ealledVon-
fedeiaio States with a view to a restoration oi peace:
Thetefore,
He it resolved, That if is the deliberate and emphatic
opinion of this llou«o that no enduring peace can or should
he made which shall ever recognize the traitoious leaders
of this rebellion as citizens of the United States, entitled
to equal rights, pnvileges, and inwnmui'-s wuh the loval
people theieof under the Constitution of tiie United States.
Mr. LE BLOND. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that the nego-
tiations are no longer pending, that the parties
have sepatfeted, as nothing admissible was al-
lowed. Such is my information this morning.
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
Mr. BENNET. I ask.unanimous consent to
spread the following paper upon the Journal of
the House:
House of Reprfshn'tatives,
Washington, Fcbtuary 1, 1865.
Representing Territories whuh inu->t soon become
States,as Delegates depuved of the inestimable puvilege
of voting m this House, feeling a deep interest in the piop-
option to amend the Fedeial Constitution foiover piolub-
mng t-laveiy within the jni^diction of the United States,
demanded .dike b> the exigencies of the times, the voice
of me loyal people, and by our eiioits in the field to sup-
piess. aiebelhon inaugurated and sustained for the purpose
of jmpetuatin« blaveiv, we cannot do less than btate that
the measure meow oin unqualified approbation.
II. P. KKNNET, Colorado,
J. F. KINNEY, Utah.
S. G. DAILY, Nehratkct.
CHARLES D. POSTON, Arizona.
J. B. S. TODD, Dakota.
VV. [J. WALLACE, Idaho,
FRANCISCO PEitliA, New Mexico.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
SUPREMACY OF TUB CONSTITUTION.
Mr. WI LSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to reestablish the supremacy of the
Constitution in the insurrectionary States; which
was read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
SALE OF INDIAN LANDS IN MINNESOTA.
On motion of Mr. WINDOM, and by unani-
mous consent, the joint resolution (S. 11.No. 92) to
postpone and prevent the sale for less than their
appraised value of certain Indian lands in Min-
nesota was taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. BROOKS moved that the vote by which
the resolution was referred be reconsidered, and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DUTY ON IMPORTED PAPER.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution of the Legislature of Ohio,
instructing their Senators and requesting their
Representatives in Congress to use their influence
for the removal or diminution of the duty on im-
ported paper; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
BANKRUPT LAW.
Mr. SCHENCK, also, by unanimous consent,
presented a joint resolution of the Legislature ot
the State of Ohio, instructing their Senators and
requesting their Representatives in Congress to
oppose the passage of any bankrupt law; which
was laid on the table, and ordered to be printed.
NAYAL APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
upon the special order.
The SPEAKER. ^Pending that motion the
question arises on the motion made yesterday
that all debate be terminated m one hour after the
committee resumes the consideration of the bill.
Mr. PIKE. It was understood yesterday that
this was to be a free debate.
Mr. STEVENS. But I did notunderstand that
it was to be an eternal debate. If the gentleman
w.ishes the time enlarged half an hour longer I
will not object.
Mr. PIKE. I suppose the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Fernando Wood] wants an hour
himself.
Mr. STEVENS. He only wants half an hour.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD. I shall probably
occupy only fifteen or twenty minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 modify my amendment,
and make the time one hour and a half.
Mr. HOLM AN. This will terminate only the
general debate?
The SPEAKER. That is all.
Mr. PIKE. I ask the gentleman to make the
time two hours.
Mr. STEVENS. I will do so; though I am
anxious to get at the appropilation bills.
The motion, as modified, was agreed to.
The motion to go into committee was then
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole, (Mr. Washburne, of
Illinois, in the chair,) and resumed the consider-
ation of the special oider, being a bill (II. R. No.
67G) making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending June 30, 18G6.
The pending question was upon the amendment
submitted by Mr. Davis, of Maryland, being to
add the following to the bili:
Provided, That no money appropi iatrd for the naval ser-
vice shall be expended otherwi>e than in accordance with
the following provision,so far a« it h applicable; that is to
>av, th.it the President, by and with the<idviee ami consent
oi "the Senate, shall appoint a Hoard of Admiralty, which
shall consist of the vice admiral and one lear admnal, one
commodoie, one captain, one commander, and one lieuten-
ant commander, ov<.r winch the Secietary of the Navy or
the officer highest in lank present shall pieside; and when
the subject under consideiation bhall appertain to the duties
of any bureau in the Navy Dep.u tinent, the chief of such
bureau shall be a member of the boaid, and entitled to sit
and vote on the consideration of the subject.
Sec. . Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the board rhall
deliberate in common and advise the Secretary on any
matters submitted by him relating to naval organization,
naval legislation, the construction, equipment, and arma-
ment of ve&sels? navy-yurdsj and other naval establish-
