5,98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
bill under consideration, instead of constructing
vessels of this class we shall have copied the
models that have been furnished by our transat-
lantic friends across the ocean; this, too, in face
of public acknowledgments, after the memora-
ble conflict at Hampton Roads, by the chief con-
structor of the British navy and by ntembeis of
tlie British Parliament, that the navy of England
was a failure, and that the fact had been demon-
strated in America that the power of a navy con-
sisted not in the number of guns, but in their
size.
Before the conflict of iron-clads alluded to, the
highest authority of England pronounced with a
tone of entire confidence that it was impossible to
construct a ship-of-war impregnable to modern
ordnance. Well, sir, we have had no Boards of
Admiralty to discuss and decide as to the plans
of ships-of-war, but have appealed to the unlim-
ited and unfettered genius of our country. I re-
quire no stronger proof of the correctness of our
policy, and of the objections to the plans proposed
by the bill under consideration, than the fact that
we have stepped out of the beaten channel, broken
loose from the trammels which have tied down
the inventive genius of other lands, and by one
bold step placed this nation farm advance of every
other in a position either for olfense or defense in
naval warfare that secures us against all interfer-
ence from foreign Powers.
Mr. Chairman, I have occupied more time than
I intended, and now yield to the gentleman who
desires to occupy the residue of the time assigned
to this debate.
Mr. BLAINE. How much time is left for de-
bate, Mr. Chairman?
The CHAIRMAN. Three minutes and a half.
Mr. BLAINE. I had' desired and intended,
Mr. Chairman, to speak ten or fifteen minutes on
this amendment, but the members of the Naval
Committee have consumed the time to such a de-
gree that I am deprived of the privilege. Of the
five hours and a half allowed for dobale, that com-
mittee lias occupied more than four; and since
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis] con-
cluded his remarks, four gentlemen have been
heard in succession on the same side of the ques-
tion, a mode of proceeding quite unprecedented
in this House, ns I am well assured.
The discussion, sir, has been somewhat at
cross-purposes as between the gentleman who
opened the discussion and t he four gentlemen who
have in succession replied to him. A specific
proposition to establish a Board of Admiralty was
introduced by the gentleman from Maryland as
the effective remedy for evils in the administra-
tion of the Navy Department, which evils he pro-
ceeded to expose in a caustic, scathing, truthful,
and deserved criticism, spending his hour thus,
and devoting little time to the practical merits and
fitness of his proposed remedy. The gentlemen
of the Naval Committee, finding it easier to op-
pose a I'oard of Admiralty with objections bor-
rowed from English experience than to answer
the charges of short-coming and blundering in
the Navy Department, so forcibly put by the gen tic-
man from Maryland,have dexterously expended
much of their time in exposing the inefficiency of
the pioposed remedy, and have thus skillfully
avoided an answer to the great essential points
made by the gentleman who moved the amend-
ment. For myself, sir, I confess that I care very
little for the particular measure pending. I sup-
port it because it proposes a change, and a change
must be a reform. To adopt it is to declare that
Congress is not satisfied with the mode 111 which
the Navy Department has been administered; and
to reject it is in effect to assert that the [louse of
Representatives, so far as it has cognizance and
control of the matter, will advise the President
that this Department shall be conducted in the j
future as it has been in the past, and that the officers i
of the Department may again spend ^10,000,001)
in the construction of twenty iron-eiad vessels
that will not stay on top of the water !
Mr. PIKE. The assertion is wholly incorrect.
Mr. BLAINK. It may be denied, but it has
been proved. Itisindeed a matter of public, gen-
eral, and undisputed notoriety that twenty of these
iron vessels, built under the supervision of the
Navy Department, will not float, at least those
that have been tried will not, and the model is the
same for the whole number.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask unanimous !;
consent that the gentleman from Maine may be
permitted to proceed.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that proposition, as the debate in Committee
of the Whole was closed by order of the House,
and it is not competent for the committee to ex-
tend it.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the first line; that will en-
title me to the floor a few minutes longer.
Mr. SPALDING. I call for the reading of the
amendment.
The amendment, which was read, was to strike
out the following words:
That the President, by and with the advice and*?onseut
of the Senate.
Mr. BLAINE. I have stated a fact in regard
to those twenty iron-clads which cannot be con-
troverted, and 
Mr. PIKE. I say the gentleman is entirely mis-
taken in reference to the building of those twenty
monitors.
Mr. BLAINE. They are not sea-going-.
Mr. PIKE. They were never intended to be
sea-going.
Mr. BLAINE. I say they will not float. What
is meant by floating? Is not the phrase simple
enough and plain enough?
Mr. STEVENS. I will say that an engineer
told me the other day that not one of them would
float until $120,000 more had been expended upon
each of them.
Mr. PIKE. The first of them, launched in
Boston harbor, floated three inches out of water
on a level, though she was intended to float twelve
inches. Others floated high enough, and when
altered make useful vessels.
Mr. BLAINE. Then the first lost nine inches.
Mr. PIKE. She did.
Mr. BLAINE. That is, she lost seventy-five
per cent, of that portion of her which was de-
signed to be above water. And tins, I presume,
is the best of the whole twenty! Well, sir, that
is conceding the whole case. Only three inches
above water! Why, the chances are that she
could not be towed a mile m smooth water with-
out sinking to the bottom !
One or two other facts I must notice hurriedly,
as I shall be compelled to yield the floor in a mo-
merit.- Much lias been said by the members of
the Naval Committee about the speed of the ves-
sels built for what is termed the new Navy. One
official fact is a better answer to these allegations
than anything I can say. It is this: that out of
ninety British steamers caught within a given
period in attempting to run the blockade, only
twelve were caught by vessels built by the pres-
ent administration of the Navy Department, while
seventy-eight were caught either by purchased
vessels or vessels inherited from the old Navy.
I submit, sir, that this fact bears with crushing
force on the practical question of the speed and
rfHciencyof vessels of the newNavy. It if? a fact
derived from official sources, and its significance
can neither be denied nor evaded.
I was struck with a remark made by a member
of the Naval Committee who quoted from one of
those remarkable reports of Admiral Porter, writ-
ten from Fort Fisher, in which the admiral, in-
dulging in some very high blowing about the
merits of a certain monitor, states, in conclusion,
that she could cross the ocean, storm nil the for-
tresses of England and France, and after laying
theircities under contribution and playing havoc
generally on a very large^cale, could recross the
ocean in peifect safety, providedshe could get coal!
Avery important proviso truly—if she could only
get coal, m some mysterious w-ay entirely un-
known to the authorities that ordered her con-
struction !
Mr. PIKE. The criticism upon Admiral Por-
ter is unfair. He meant she could carry coal
enough to cross the ocean but not enough to re-
turn. Hardly any vessel can do thai.
Mr. BLAINE. Ch ! I presume after laying
London under contribution, some of the obliging
coal-heavers at Grcenwicji would supply her as a
matter of international courtesy.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of order.
Is it not out of order for these loyal Republicans
to quarirl anion? themselves? [Laughter.1
i he CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that as a question of order.
Mr. STEVliNS. Th eir enemies are so nearly
crushed that tliey can afford to do that.
Mr. BLAINE. A word more, sir, and I am
through. My candid and conscientious belief is
that this House should in some form, emphatic
and unmistakable, and at the same time parlia-
mentary and courteous, say to the country and
to the President that we are not satisfied with the
administration of the Navy Deportment. If to-
day we follow the lead of the Naval Committee,
we vote an approval of what has been done in
this blundering construction of vessels that will
not float, and so far as the expression of our opin-
ion can have influence and weight we ask the con-
tinuance of the same administration of affairs for
the next four years. For myself I am not willing
to give any such vote. I believe there should be
a change. I cast no reflections, no aspersions, on
any man ; but I deal simply with facts known and
read of all men, facts which have gone upon the
record and which cannot be denied or concealed.
I am not competent to say where the precise re-
sponsibility of the costly blunders may rest, but
I feel a profound assurance that the passage of this
measure will enable us to find out. I shall vote,
therefore, with great pleasure, for the amendment
moved by the gentleman from Maryland.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Davis, of Maryland, tellers wete ordered;
and Mr. Holman, and Mr. Rice of Massachu-
setts, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 43, noes 55.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
_ Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agieed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, having had under considera-
tion the special order, the bill (H. R. No. 676)
making appropriations for the naval service for
the year ending 30ih June, J8G6, had instructed
him to report the same to the House with sundry
amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the bill by
inserting after line one hundred and forty-nine,
among the appropriations for the Boston navy-
yard, the following:
For the purchase of land adjoining the Boston navy-yard,
$135,0U0. " ' '
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I make thp
point of order that this amendment contains an
appropriation, and must have its first considera-
tion m the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. It was considered in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and was ruled out. [Laughter.] I now offer the
same thing m the Ilonse.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that the
amendment is in older. The 120th rule declares
that—
"No appropriation glial! be reported in such general op-
pmpuiitton bills, or bo m ord-jr sV-; an .-unondment tlioiuo,
for any expenditure not p«evinufiy nuthoiized by law, un-
less m continual ion of apptopuation^ for t>uch public works
and objects as are already in progress, and lor the contin-
peneit's for carrying on the several departments of the
Government."
It is the opinion of the Chair that the navy-
yards of the United States are public works; that,
when it is desired to extend them, they are public
works in a state of progress; that is to say, that
Congress has not determined that they are finally
completed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is not
the ground of the point of order. The point of
order is that, under the rule, the amendment must
have its first consideration in the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair rules that the
amendment is in order to be presented in the
House, but that it mast be considered in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
in accordance with the rules, before it can be in-
corporated in the appropriation bill. Rule 112
is positive that—
•''All proceedings touching appropriations of money shall
bo discussed in a Committee of the Whole Hou&o."
It is the opinion of the Chair, and it will be the
opinion of the House unless the decision is ap-
pealed from, that this is in order as an amend-
ment to the bill, but that it cannot be voted upon
