1 Q'1
5 C
OO0.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
699
in the Iiouse, but must first be discussed and con-
sidered in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, if any member makes objection to
its consideration in the House now.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make the objection.
Mr. STEVENS. I offer the following as an
additional amendment:
For tlie purchabe of ground adjoining the Brooklyn naVy-
yard, §'102,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make the same point of
order upon that amendment.
The SPEAKER. The amendment must first
be considered in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. Then, for the purpose of con-
sidering; these two amendments, 1 move to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBU.RNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
point of order. My point of order is, that the
bill is out of the committee, that the committee
has been discharged from its consideration, that
it has been reported to the Iiouse with tho recom-
mendation that it do pass, and that it is not in
order to go back into ihe committee for the pur-
pose of considering amendments.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. It is in the power of the House
to recommit a bill as often as it pleases to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. But the gen-
tleman's motion is not a motion to recommit the
bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understood it.
Mr. STEVENS. I meant that. I move now
that the bill, with the pending amendments, bo
lecommitted to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Spalding
and Coffroth were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 58, noes 35.
So the bill was recommitted to the Committee
of ihe Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that all general
debate in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union on the bill and amendments be closed
in five minutes.
Mr. WASH BURNE, of Illinois. That is not in
order. The bill has not yet been considered in the
Committee of t he Whole on the htate of the Union.
The SPEAKER.. It has been considered in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and general debate has been terminated upon it.
The Chair therefore thinks that the five-minutes
debate only will apply in the committee, although
it is a new question, which has never been raised
before. ,
Mr. HOLMAN. Does that apply to both
amendments?
The SPEAKER. It docs, and to any amend-
ments thai may be offered to the bill in Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union. The
bill generally having been debated, the closing of
debate is a question as to which a majority of the
House must decide.
Mr. WILSON. Does the closing up of debate
apply to the amendments?
The SPEAKER. The five-minutes rule will
apply to the amendments, and to any amendment
that may be offered. .
Mr. WILSON. I will suggest to the Chair
that if that is to be the rule, all that the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means have to do, in order to
fchut off debate on appropriation bills, is to re-
port one appropriation only in a bill, and, after
tluit has been considered ill Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union and the bill re-
ported back to the House, have it recommitted^
with amendments embracing the whole body ot
appropi i-itions.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no doubt about it;
but 1 withdraw the motion to close debate.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, repoiii-d as truly enrolled joint resolution
(II II No. 91) to terminate the treaty of 1817,
regulating the naval force on the lakes; when the
Speaker signed the same.
NAVAL APPKOPllIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr STEVENS, I move that the rules be sus-
pendecCauu that the lloube resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the naval appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of theUnion,
(Mr. Schenck in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 67G) making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending June 30, 1866, and of the amendments
offered thereto, as follows:
Insert the following:
For puicliasc of land adjoining the Boston navy-yard,
$133,600.
Illicit the following:
For purchase of ground adjoining the Brooklyn navy-
yard, $102,000.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise the
question of order that this bill, being recommitted,
must be considered de novo. I call for the read-
ing of the bill in extenso.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the position of tho bill to be this: after having
been considered in Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, it was reported back to the
House, and in tho House two amendments were
proposed,and the whole bill recommitted with the
amendments. That being the case, tho Chair de-
cides that the bill must be read, and that the whole
question is open as if the bill were now referred
to tho committee for the first time.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not rise to appeal from
the decision of the Chair; but what has been al-
ready decided in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union cannot he reconsidered in com-
mittee.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair may be mis-
taken as to the point of fact; but the Chair under-
stands from tho Clftk that the bill was recom-
mitted with ihe amendments. If the bill has been
recommitted, the Chair is still of opinion that the
bill must be read.
Mr. STEVENS. For the purpose of consid-
ering amendments, of course.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. For the pur-
pose of considering the whole bill.
The bill and amendments were read.
Mr. HOLMAN. Do I understand that these
amendments arc now pending, without tiie bill
bein" read by sections for.amendment?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that,
the bill having been considered in Committee of
the Whole on' the state of the Union and reported
to the Iiouse, and having been recommitted, to-
gether with amendments offered in the House,
those amendments must be acted upon, and then
the bill taken up clause by clause and considered.
Mr. 110LMAN. I hope this amendment as
to the Boston navv-yard will not be adopted. At
the last session nf Congress the House passed a
proposition of the same kind. The Senate struck
it out of the bill, and tho House afterward by a
vote of 56 to 38 concurred in the action of the
Senate. It did so on facts which were then ex-
posed to the House as to the entire absence ofany
necessity for the purchase, and on account of the
extraordinary and profligate price proposed to
be paid for the land. For ihe purpose of getting
all the facts before the committee that were be-
fore the House at last session, I ask for the read-
ing of the affidavit of the original seller of the
property to the present owners. The present
owners are Messrs. Oakman &, Eldredge. I hey
purchased it of Gustavus V. Hall not more than
a year ago for $55,000, to which is to be added
§6,000 for improvements, making the cost of the
property to the piesent holders $01,000. They
propose to lenlize a profit on the sale to the Gov-
ernment of §74,000.
The Cleik lead, as follows:
I Gutttviis V. Hall, of Chailestown, in tho county of
Middlesex, and Commniuvcaltli of Mins-nHiuiutt-. <m inv
oatli sav, tiiat late in Fein nary, A. D. 1864, 1 was preset
,it .in interview between Mr. Oakman, of Chnrle^town .and
Mj. Ilmiiwi, who sold him a wharf iu said Charl^town,
called Bnntnali's whaii, wherein said Oaknun laid Mi.
ilutin^tr ih.it he paid a huge price for the whuit. :indth.it
ho would soli it hack at any rniK* within a vcai , it the Gov-
eminent did not lake it, as lie expected, loi .>'K>,000 o-s ilu
he gave lor it. ' OUoi A\ Uo \ . HALL.
 y ^ / -sihau
he gav
Boston, Jlpi il 27,18G4.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, Suffolk, s~-:
Personally appeal ed Gu-stavu* \ • Halt, above named, and
madcoaili that the lbicgoing ahuLi vu, b\ is mi£uuo*
Beloie inc. JOfi>. U- A.
Justice of tnc Peace for all Counties.
Mr. HOLMAN. Then I ask the Clerk to read
the following; affidavit of the person who soldthia
property for $55,000, to which improvements
worth $6,000 have been added, making $74,000
profit proposed to be paid for this property:
I, Jacob Uittinger, of Belmont, in the county of Middle-
sex, and Commonwealth of Massachusetts, on my oath,
&ay: that 1 sold the wharf known as BrintnalJ's wharf, at
said Charlestown, the third wharf situated westerly of the
original line of the navy-yard; that X sold said wharf in the
month of December, A. D. 1863, to Oakmun & Eldredge;
that I executed tho deed thereof to thern in the month of
Februaiy, A. D. 1864; that [ received therefor the sum of
$55,000. Oakman & Eldredge had been lessees of said
wharf under a Jease which had expired about six months
before  aid sale in December, anij. perhaps earlier; andthcy
were occupying at the time of the sale in December under
an agreement lor an occupancy of one year after the ex-
piration of said firfct lease. Tbeiroccupancy, i think, was
to terminate* by the terms of our agreement, about May 1,
A. D. 1864. Oakman & Eldredge offered to sell me ail the
impiovemcnts they bad put upon the premises and deliver
tliem to me, including scales and jaihoad and all else, for
$6,000but I did not buy them for the reason that I thought
the propeity not worth so much. On the day the deed* were
passed, Mi. Oakman told me lie would give me $10,000 to
take the property back if his proposed sale to the United
States failed, or was not consummated for any reason.
Before this sale, t had owned this wharf twelve or fifteen
years; had done business upon it; and for some eighteen
yeai-f had done business on wharf property in that imme-
diate neighborhood. I sold this because 1 thought I got a good
price foi it, and I had no other reason for selling it. Before
the sale I had "frequent conversations with Oakman & El-
diedge about selling it to them, and their,objection to buy-
ing it was that the price asked and finally paid was too
great, and that the what f was not worth it. They also said
it was of less value than Caswell's wharf adjoining, which
thev had bought of Messis. Lawrence &, Sawyer.
y ° ^JACOB HiTTINGER.
Boston, rfpril 27, 1864.
Commonwealth of Massachusetts, Suffolk, ss:
Peisonally appeared, Jacob IJittintr«vr, above named, and
made oath that the foregoing aihdavjtbyhimsism'distrue.
Bcfoic me, JOHN Q. A. GUI1' FIN,
Justice of the Vcace for all Granites.
Mr. HOLMAN. It will be perceived, from
these affidavits, that this property actually cost
these parties $61,000, and the profit proposed to
be given them is the sum of $74,000. Now, for
the purpose of showing more completely and en-
tirely the want of any necessity for making this
purchase, I ask that the Clerk shall read the fol-
lowing extract from a leading Republican paper
published in Charlestown:
c( The affidavits of a large number of the most experi-
enced and competent men were furnished that the portion,
of the wharves pioposed to he sold for $130,000 would be
dear at $80,000; that tho portion retained from ihe two
whatves by Oakman &. Eldiedge was worth as much or
moreihan that thev ptoposed to sell; so that they iivoud
keen ar least one halfof the value they bought tor $104.0UU,
nnd sell the othei half tor $LX>,000 ! Tins evidence came
fiom owneis ol whaif pioporty in the same neighborhood,
honi merchants, Imm what lingers liom wharf-buildcis,
fiom gentlemen who own and sell real e-iate, in (act l«0!Tt
ihe best citizens of the town bavins knowledge of practical
alT.uis. But this was notall. The pi oofs i-uiunionod by the
ma\or established that many thousand foolol unsurpassed
wharf propeity could be con-*tt acted on the premises al-
ready owned and inclosed by the Government, a< chraplyat
tost, if not moi e cheaply,tlnni iliat involvi d in llie proposed
s.itc could bi: repaired lor and made fit for Ooverilllientuso
anil occupancy. This testimony came from mauy sources,
and anion" oilier deponents concerning it weie certain ofu-
cer« in the navy-vatd. of high character for integrity and
Hood judgment and skill in their departments of the public
bervice. The affidavits embracing the e facts, and atao set-
tin'1' foith the manner in which the sale to the United states
of wharf ptopoity would affect the eity of Charlestown, in
withdrawn!" irotn commerce and from taxation property
so greatlv needed for both purges, were by the mayor
laid befoie the Senate, that had yet to pa*s upon the ap-
mopiiation of $13.),000, which had gone through the House,
wherein it had been advocated by Ma<-aclm>etts mem-
bers, and opposed only by Mr. Washbuuwe, of Illinois."
Mr. HOLMAN. I iiavc butasingleaddiiional
fact to whicluo call the attention of the committee,
and that is this: thai these same parties, Oaltman
& Eldredge, in 1862, since the svar began, have,
I believe, sold property to the Government, for the
nuiposc of increasing the capacity of this navy-
ya.-d, to the extent of $123,000. That is to say,
within I lie last three years we have appropriated
$123,000 for the purpose of enlarging the navy-
yaid at Charlestown. It is now proposed to en-
large it by paying to the same parties the sura of
gl35,000. And it will not escape the attention ofthe
committee that the purchase of thisland was made
for theexpress purpose ofsellingit to the Govern-
ment. It is sold to these parties and purchased
by them for theexpress purpose of selling it to the
Government; and those parties now propose to
sell back to tho parties from whom they purchased
! it this property at a loss of $10,000, unless they are
enabled to drive this bargain with the Govern-
ment. These arc the influences which are at woiH
