1366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
bloated corporations of the State; and we all had
it in our heads that the wealth of the corporations,
in some way or other, was made off our constit-
uents, and therefore, to some extent, we were
justified in making war upon them, for they were
men that made their gains off the people. But
this is not the case with the corporation that the
Senator now styles a wealthy corporation. No
money to fill the coffers of that Institution came
from the good people of Iowa.
Mr. GRIMES. Not until we pay them ingolcb
$62,000 in place of §31,000, while we pay to Iowa
soldiers, as the Senator from New Hampshire
well said, only six dollars and a half in gold.
Then it will come off my constituents.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As I was going on to
say, all the rich funds of that Institution came
not from the people of Iowa or of Indiana. It was
a munificent grant from a foreigner, Mr. Smith-
Bon, for the purpose of establishing in this coun-
try an institution for the acquisition and diffusion
of useful knowledge among men. That §500,000
was received, not m paper, but in gold, coming
from a kind friend of this country across the
■water. If therefore, the Institution is rich, it is
well for us; if it were poor, it would be a disgrace
to us to-day.
Mr. GRIMES. I think the Senatoris mistaken
in the language used in the will; and I think that
in that respect the managers of it have been true
to the direction of the testator. It was not " use-
ful knowledge among men," but "knowledge
among men." [Laughter.]
Mr. HENDRICKS. Well, sir, whether all
knowledge is useful or not 1 will not undertake
to discuss now. The purpose of the bequest was
to establish in this country an institution for
the diffusion of knowledge, or useful knowledge,
among men. I think the language used was" use-
ful knowledge." Whether the knowledge that
is diffused among men from that Institution be
useful or not I do not care now to discuss. If 1
were to judge from the number of applications
1 have for the reports of that Institution, I should
say it is useful knowledge.
Then, sir, if the Institution is rich, it has cost
his constituents and mine nothing; but if it were
jioor to-day, and we refused to make up the en-
tire fund,it would cost his constituents and mine
something—it would cost their honor.
Now, sir, upon the leading question I do not
agree with the Senator from New Hampshire.
^This Institution does not belong to us; it is notthe
property of the United States. The United States,
in respect to that Institution and the funds that
endowed it, is but the trustee. We are not the
beneficiaries, in his language. The people of the
world are the beneficiaries; all who can be in-
structed by the diffusion of useful knowledge are
the beneficiaries.
The Senator from New Hampshire spoke also
of a loss because of a purchase of bontfs of the
State of Arkansas. If we purchased bonds that
were not a sure investment, in law, or rather in
equity, we are bound to make it good. If the
United States, as a trustee, makes a bad invest-
ment, she must make that investment good. If
the Senator held funds for me, or if, as a guard-
ian, he held funds for some of his minor constit-
uents, and he made a bad investment, would he
not be compelled to make it up? If he made a
bad investment he would be compelled to make
it good, unless he used due care and acted under
the direction of the court, I admit, if entire dili-
gence is used, perhaps, he would not be respon-
sible in a court of equity. But I understand the
facts to be that the Institution has lost nothing
from the Arkansas bonds. That has been made
up; they have been paid; and there has been no
loss resulting from that investment.
Mr. HALE. The Senator is mistaken.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was so told the other
day. I am not fully informed, except as the com-
mittee were informed by Professor Henry, who
lias this business in charge. That is the way I
understand iu The interest has been paid.
Mr. HALL. The bonds have not been paid.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Whether the bonds have
been paid or not is not important. We got gold,
and were to use it, as a trustee, to establish an
institution that would be an ornament to the
country as well as useful to the world. Now,
sir, what is the obligation of the United States in
respect to that, a gold investment, endowing an
institution, notfor thebenefitofthe United States,
but for the benefit of mankind generally ? I un-
derstand the decision of the Treasury Department
has been that all trust funds are to be paid in g\.Id,
and that all the debts against the Government
prior to the commencement of the war are to be
paid in gold.
Both the Senators have asked why we pay gold
to this Institution when we pay greenbacks to the
soldiers. Why do the Senators agree, by their
numerous votes here, to pay gold to the men who
buy the bonds of the United States? Why do
they make their investment worth twelve per
cent., when other men use their money for their
own benefit but to the extent of six per cent. ?
Why do they pay gold to the creditors that they
create now, not by §500,000 at a time, but by
$600,000,000 at a time, in gold? Let them
answer that. It is a question between them and
the soldiers. They pay the creditors of the Gov-
ernment in gold and the soldiers in greenbacks.
Both Senators unquestionably were governed by
proper considerations. I think it is a plain obliga-
tion on the part of the Government to pay this
interest in gold. It is according to the practice
of the Government; and I should think it a shame
to the Government to do otherwise.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am a little surprised at
the course of the Senator from Iowa and the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire. The Senator from
New Hampshire says this is not a trust at all;
this property was given to the United States. It
was given to the United States by James Smith-
son; but it was given for a particular purpose;
and it is as much a trust as when any testator be-
queaths property to a particular person for a par-
ticular purpose. The Congress of the United
States in 1846 passed an act by which they recog-
nized this as a trust; and I would like to inquire
of the Senator from New Hampshireif he means
to repudiate the action of this Government, if he
means to repudiate the solemn obligation which
this Government has taken upon itself? It is a
direct act of repudiation on the part of the Gov-
ernment to deny that this is a trust,and that it is
held as a trust for particular purposes. The act
of 1846, which I have before me, declares:
" That Jame=> Smithson, Esq., of London, in the king-
dom of Great Britain, having by his iast will and testa-
ment given Hip vvhnle nf his property to the Umtud States
of America to found at Washington, under tiie name of the
Smithsonian Institution, an establishment for the increase
atui diffusion of knowledge among men, and tin; United
States having, by an act of (Jongreas, received said prop-
erty and accepted said trust: Therefore, for the full execu-
tion of said trust according to the will of the liberal and
enlightened donor, Be it cnacted," See.
Here is a solemn act of Congress acknowledg-
ing the receipt of this property as a trust fund.
It was given for the purpose of founding "at
Washington, under the name of the Smithsonian
Institution, an establishment for the increase and
diffusion of knowledge among men;" and the Sen-
ator from Iowa says "not useful knowledge."
Why, sir, I thought that the term "knowledge"
implied that it was a useful thing. I supposed
that knowledge was valuable; that it was what
we all sought to acquire. This property was ac-
cepted in trust for this identical purpose; and t-j
repudiate it now, and say it is no trust, it is the
money of the Government, and you have a right
to squander it and use it, is as direct a breach of
faith as it would be on the part of this Congress
to pass a law that it would pay no debt whatever
that it had created. It would be the worst species
of repudiation, worse than borrowing money and
refusing to pay it under ordinary circumstances.
The Government has accepted it; it has commit-
ted itself to it; and this Institution had as perfect
a right to call for the payment of the interest as
it fell due, in coin, as had any other creditor of
the Government.
The Senator from Iowa wants to know why a
distinction is to be made between the debt due the
Smithsonian Institution and a debt due any other
person. No distinction is to be made. It is the
very thing we do not want to do. The Govern-
ment of the United States, in 1861, when this re-
bellion broke out, owed some ninety million dol-
lars; and does not the Senator from Iowa know that
we paid the interest to every one of the holders
of that indebtedness in gold t j
Mr. GRIMES. I know we did not doit to the I
Indians. i
Mr. TRUMBULL. You have done it to the j
Indians in many instances; but because you have l!
wronged the Indian, who cannot assert his rights;
because you have violated your treaties with him,
and by act of Congress are changing treaties
every day, and driving him from the lands that
you set apart to him and said you would never
disturb him in the possession of; because you
impose upon the Indian, do you propose now to
violate all your contracts? Youare bound to pay
the Indian in gold, if you have agreed so to pay
him. Sir, this argument by which you talk about
not paying the poor soldierin coin smacks a little
of a speech upon the stump. The Senator from
Iowa votes here to pay the foreign bondholder in
coin.
In my opinion this amendment does not go far
enough. The reason, probably, for the introduc-
tion of the amendment at this time is in conse-
quence of a calamity, the destruction of a partof
the Smithsonian building within a few days by
fire, involving a very large expenditure to repair
the building; but instead of calling upon Con-
gress for an appropriation for that purpose, it was
thought on the part of the managers of the In-
stitution they would be enabled to get along if
they received the interest due the Institution in
coin. Tliey were entitled to receive it, and they
would have received it in coin had they insisted
upon it heretofore. The only reason that it has
not been insisted upon, as I understand, is that
in this great emergency of the country, as the
Institution was able to get along, the matter wast
not pressed upon the Secretary of the Treasury,
who never denied the obligation of the Govern-
ment to pay in coin as much upon this debt as
any other debt which the Government owed. I
am informed by the Senator from Maine [Mr.
Farwell] that they received the currency of the
country without making a special demand for ihe
coin under the particular condition of things in
the country at the time. The Institution will be
able, as 1 understand, to repair the building, pro-
vided they receive what they are entitled to re-
ceive; and hence this proposition to pay the in-
terest in coin. I shall move an amendment to the
proposition to make up the difference between
the currency which the Institution has received,
and the coin to which they were entitled, in order
that they may have the means to repair the build-
ing. I think the Government is bound to pay it
by every obligation, and particularly by the ob-
ligation, which it took upon itself when itaccepted
this fund.
But the Senator from Iowa brings in here the
fact that this fund was invested in Arkansas
bonds. Was that the fault ofSmithson who made
the bequest? Whose fault was it if an improvi-
dent use was made of the funds of the Institution ?
But that question is not now to be settled. The
Government of the United States has assumed
the control of this money, has incorporated thia
Institution, has agreed to pay the interest forever
at six per cent, upon the money that was placed
in its Treasury; and, unless it means to repudiate
this obligation, it is bound to pay it, and it is
bound to pay it in the same currency that it pays
to other creditors similarly situated. That is all
that the Institution asks. They probably would
not have pressed at this time for the payment in
coin but for the misfortune of the lire which has
recently occurred. I move to amend the section
which is pending by adding to it the following:
And in case the interest heretofore paid to said Institu-
tion has been paid in a different currency, or of Jess value,
than that paid by ihe Government on other permanent
debts or trust funds, that the Secretary be directed to make
up the difference to said Smithsonian lasutuuoiu
Mr. COLLA.MER. Mr. President, I do not
wish to confine my remarks to the amendment
now under consideration, i can see no good
reason for the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois. So far as this Institution have received
their interest in any money that was satisfactory
to them when they received it, I consider it paid.
In relation to what has not been paid them, it
undoubtedly should be paid them, as I think, in
coin, as is the case with all the trust funds in the
hands of the Government.
But, sir, I rose more particularly to make one
remark. I feel a good deal gratified at the speeches
that have been made on this subject this evening;
and from this consideration: Congress, by the
votes of many of the gentlemen who have spoken
on this subject to-night, passed a law nearly four
years ago to enable individuals to pay off their
