600
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 4,
to force this upon the Government of the United
States. I do insist that there is no evidence be-
fore this House, and never has been, that there
was any necessity for this purchase, or that the
capacity of the navy-yard at Charlestown was
insufficient; but at the same time it is really true
that the attempt to sell this property is influenced,
not by a desire to promote any public interest, or
f6r any purpose of enlarging the navy-yard, but
to promote the private interest of these parties,
"who h$ve already realized a handsome profit from
the Government by the sale made in 1862. I trust
the House will not malce this appropriation.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
add only a word to what has been already said
by the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman]
in regard to this subject. This whole question
was up during the last session of Congress, when
the proposition was introduced here. After it
had passed, the patriotic and loyal citizens of
the town of Charlestown, property-holders, men
of the highest respectability, embracing all the
city authorities, brought the subject to the atten-
tion of Congress, a committee came down here to
protest against the purchase of this land, upon
the ground thatit was utterly unnecessary for the
purposes of the navy-yard, and upon the further
ground that the price was extravagant and out-
vageous; a piece of land which the party had
bought for $61,000, and for one half of which the
Government had agreed to pay $135,000. "When
the bill went to the Senate with this provision in
it the Senate struck it out, and it came back to
the House, I was not present during the debate,
but it was fully debated here, and the House con-
curred with the Senate in striking out this pro-
vision by a vote of nearly two to one. I do not
know what new facts have been brought forward
which should justify us now in reviewing the ac-
tion which we took at the last session of Con-
gress upon a full and thorough investigation and
undefstanding of the whole matter.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not intend to consume
the time of the committee by any further discus-
sion. I remember the discussion of last year, one
party alleging that these affidavits were all from
interested men, and the other that they were from
disinterested men. Under those circumstances I
had very little to say upon the subject, and cared
very little about it. The mayor of Charlestown
contended that that town would be very much
injured if this purchase was made by the Gov-
ernment, while the Government said they must
have it. I understand that he went before the
people upon that question at the late election,and
he was left out. This is not exactly record evi-
dence, but I understand such to be the fact. How-
ever, the committee, after a full examination of
this question, after having the chief of the bureau
before it, have reported that it is absolutely ne-
cessary that the Government should make these
appropriations for both these navy-yards. But
all I mean to say upon this subject is to ask that
the Cleik will read a communication from the
bureau, so as to show that the Committee of
Ways and Means acted upon proper grounds in
this matter.
The Clerk read a communication from Joseph
Smith, of the Bureau of Yards and Docks, of the
Navy Department, recommending that the pur-
chase be made.
Mr. STEVENS. In order that we may not
consume Lhe remainder of the day in discussion,
I move that the committee lise, for the purpose
of closing general debate.
Mr. WILSON. Before the gentleman makes
that motion will he permit me to make a state-
ment?
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw the motion,and
yield to the gentleman.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Chairman, the value of
this property has been stated at various sums by
parties interested and those who are not inter-
ested ; and I think it is very difficult for this com-
mittee to make up a judgment as to what the
propertyis really worth. Several of the citizens
of Charlestown are certainly of opinion, as is I
shown by affidavits and statements forwarded by j
them to committees of this House and to mem- '
ber^s, that the price asked is exorbitant. {
Now, sir, in order to avoid difficulties of this I
kind in relation to all eases, I wish to state that j
1 hold in my hands a bill, which I am authorized I
to report to the House whenever I can get an op-
portunity so to do, extending the provisions of
the act of April 19,1864, in relation to the con-
demnation of private property upon Rock Island
to all cases wherein the Government may desire
the appropriation of ptivate property for public
use. That bill will provide simply " that the pro-
visions of an act entitled 4 An act in addition to an
act for the establishment of ceitain arsenals, ap-
proved April 19> 1864,' be and the same arc hereby
extended to and shall be construed to apply to
all cases wherein the Government of the United
States may deem it necessary to appropriate pri-
vate property, being real estate, to the use of the
Government, and in relation to which the Gov-
ernment and the owner or owners of such prop-
erty may not be able to agree upon the price to
be paid for the same; provided that the board of
commissioners provided for in the third section
shall be appointed by the circuit court of the cir-
cuit in which the proceedings are to be had."
Now, sir, this will provide a means whereby*
the Government may ascertain by a jury, in a
court of competent jurisdiction, the just and fair
value of such property as it may deem necessary
to appropriate to the public use. I hope, there-
fore, inasmuch as there is this difference of opin-
ion in relation to the value of the property in this
case, that this amendment may not be adopted,
but that we shall abide by what may be the result
of the action of Congress in relation to this sys-
tem for the condemnation of private property for
public use.
Mr. STEVENS. If I were sure that such a
bill would pass in this House and the Senate, 1
would not urge the amendment. In order to pro-
vide for the possibility of such an act being passed,
I propose to modify my amendment by adding to
it the following:
Provided) That if an act shall be pa^prd at this session of
Ooncros piovidmg lor the condemnation of private prop-
erty lot public u-oO, the appropriations herein contained, pro-
viding for additions to the navy-yards at Doston and Biook-
lyn, bhall be inoperative and void.
I now move that the committee rise, for the
purpose of closing debate.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I ask the gentle-
man not to move that debate close immediately
after the IIousg again resolves itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole, but that twenty minutes or
half an hour be allowed for debate. The measure
which I proposed has been grossly misrepre-
sented by every gentleman who has spoken upon
it, and my desire is to put it intelligibly before
the House, not to repeat my previous argument
or to restate facts which I have already presented,
and which have not been answered.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Sciiexck reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, having had under consideration's aspe-
cial order, the bill (Ii. 11. No. 676) making ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year
ending 30th June, I860, had come to no resolu-
tion theieon.
The SPEAKER. When the House was act-
ing upon this bili a few moments ago, there was
a point raised as to the right to close debate, which
the Chair stated was doubtful. The Cleik will
read from page 62 of Barclay's Digest.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"The piopositlon to close debate maybe made at any
tune, tnkmy piecedence even of a motion to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole ; but to b« in oider at all, the «nhjpct
upon which u is pioposed to clo-e debate must have lx'en
previously taken up and considered by the committee.
The SPEAKER. As this subject has pre-
viously been considered by the committee, the
Chair is still of the opinion formerly expressed
with reference to the right to close debate.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that when the House
again resolves itself into Committee of the Whole
upon this bill, all debate on the pending amend-
merit be closed in five minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the House again
resolve itself into the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and resume the consider-
ation of the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Schenck in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, the naval appro-
priation bill.
The amendment of Mr. Stevens, with the mod-
ification proposed to be added by him, was read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I make the
point of order that the gentleman cannot modify
his amendment so as to include an appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman cannot
modify his amendment, but must move it as an
amendment to an amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well, then.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania offered this amendment
in the House. 1 made the point of order that it
contained an appropriation which must be first
considered in the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and the Speaker sustained that
point of order.
Mr. STEVENS. The Speaker ruled that my
amendment was in order, but that as it contained
an appropriation it should have its first consider-
ation m the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union. Then 1 moved to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has now taken
testimony on both sides, and as he understands
the fact, when this amendment was offered in the
House the Speaker decided that it was in order
as germane to the bill, but that it should be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the stato
of the Union. The bill and pending amendments
were then referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union. The question is now
on the amendment as offered in the House and
referred to the committee, and it cannot be mod-
ified except by an amendment to the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move it as an amend-
ment to the amendment.
The amendment and the amendment to the
amendment were a?ain read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, if this amendment is to pass, I want it to
pass so that we may have a chance to see whether
we cannot save something. I do think when the
House has fully and deliberately considered a
question of this kind and decided against it, that
it ought not to stultify itself by now passing it.
The gentleman spoke of the gentlemen from
Charlestown who came down here. The mem-
bers here who know those gentlemen say that
they are of the highest charactcr. Mr. Griffin is
a distinguished lawyer, and was the competitor
of one of the present members of Congress from
that State. He came down here and I had a con-
versation with him. He said that he was influ-
enced solely by a desire to serve the public in-
terest, and that he could not remain silent and
see the Government swindled as it was proposed
to swindle it by this appropriation. He told me
some other things in regard to it which are not
proper for me to state here.
The amendment to the amendment was adopted.
The amendments amended was then rejected.
The next amendment was read, as follows:
For the purchase of ground adjoining the Biooklyn navy-
yardu$102,000.
Mr. STEVENS. As the other amendment
has been rejected, I will withdraw this one.
Mr. ODELL. I object to that.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment cannot
be withdrawn unless by unanimous consent.
The amendment was rejected.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will take this
occasion to say that, by the authorities, when a
bill is thus recommitted with amendments pend-
ing which have not been confirmed by the action
subsequently of the House, all that has been
done in the committee falls to the ground. The
bill, therefore, will be taken up as originally re-
ported from the Committee of Ways and Means
and referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose there will be no
objection to considering the amendments of the
Committee of the Whole on the state oftho Union
heretofore adopted as applying to this bill.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the bill was open
to further amendment.
