1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
601
Mr. STEVENS. I move to insert the follow-
ing, which was ruled out of the bill when it was
in committee before:
For pay of cleiks in the ordnance department at tlie sev-
eral navy yauls, in lieu of the present per diem pay, viz :
For salary of one cleik ai Portsmouth, New Hamp&hne,
navy-jard, §1,200.
For salary of one cleik .$1,200, and one at$1,000 per an-
num, at iSoston navy-yard, $2,200.
Fort-alary ofoneclerk at)$1.200pernnnum,an<lone clerk
at $1,000 per annum, at the New York navy-yard, $2,900.
For salary of one clerk at the Philadelphia navy-yaid,
$1,200.
For salary of one clerk at $1,400, one clerk at $1,000, one
diaughtsman at $1,600, one analytical chemist at $2,500
per annum, one assistant pyrotechnist at $1,400, and one
keeper of magazine at $48U per annum, at the Washington
navy-yard, $15,180.
Mr. HOLMAN. When the bill was in com-
mittee before, the point of order was made that
those paragraphs contained independent legisla-
tion and were not for carrying out the existing
law, and that point of order was sustained. It
is now proposed to insert the very matter that
was then ruled out. I make the point of order,
first, that it is not competent for the gentleman to
move to insert those words already stricken out;
and secondly, if it is competent to do so, it is in-
dependent legislation and not in order to an ap-
propriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I offered the amendment as
one necessary to carry on one of the Departments
of the Government.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understands
the gentleman ftom Indiana to make the point of
order that that portion of the bill having been
ruled out when the House was in Committee of
the Whole before, that no other ruling can now
be had upon that pait of the bill. The Chair
overrules the point of order. Whatever occurred
in the Committee of the Whole before has now
no validity, but falls to the ground. The Chair
will have read from Barclay's Manual the ground
upon which lie bases his decision.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" After a hill has been committed and reported, it ought
not, in an ordinary couiso, to be recommitted ; but in cast's
of importance, and for special reasons, it is sometimes re-
committed ; and usually to the same committee. If a report
be recommitted before agreed to in ihe Hou->e, what has
passed in committee is at no validity; the vvholn question
i-> again before the committee, and a new resolution must
be again moved as it nothing had passed."
Mr. HOLMAN. The other point I now make
is that the amendment now submitted contains
independent legislation, and that it is not for the
purpose of carrying out any existing law. And
upon that point I desire to have aprecodentread.
Il was decided in a Committee of the Whole upon
this very point raised.
Mr. STEVENS. This comes in under the
ruling of the Speaker.
The CHAIRMAN. TheChairis informed that
when the House was in Committee of the Whole
before, the ruling of the Chair was that that por-
tion of the biil was not in order, as it was not for
the purpose of carrying out any present objector
law. As all that was done in the committee be-
fore has fallen to the ground, and there is no pre-
cedent, and this presents itself as a new question,
the Chair will rule that this being a provision for
carrying on one of the Departments of the Gov-
ernment is in order. Theiefore he overrules the
point of order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the Chair
has ruled the amendmentofFered by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania to be in order, I desire to call
the attention of the committee to what the amend-
ment is. I did not expect, my strictconstruction
ruling, in order to save money to the Treasury,
would be the law of this House; but I made it a
law to myself. This amendment provides for in-
creasing the salaries of the clerks at certain navy-
yai ds. That brings up this whole question of the
increase of salaries; and the committee has got to
decide now whether it is willing, in the present
state of the country, to enter upon this work of
increasing salaries.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair does not un-
derstand i hat any amendment has been offered by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania. The clausc
which the gentleman from Illinois is now com-
menting on, being altc&dy in the bill, a motion to
inser^it is not requisite. It would be in order for
the gentleman from Illinois to move to strike it
out or to amend it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As I under-
stand the matter, the occupant of the Chair, when
the House was last in committee, decided that
whatthegentleman from Pennsylvania now offers
as an amendment was not in order; and it was
ruled out of the bill. No appeal was taken from
that decision, and hence the decision stood, and
that clause is no part of the bill. Hence, as it is
no part of the bill, and the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania desires that it shall be, he now moves to
amend the bill by inserting it.
The CHAIRMAN. When the House was in
committee before, it was ruled that all that latter
portion of the bill was not in order, on the ground
that it was not for carrying out any of the opera-
tions of the Government, or anything provided
for by law. Buteverythuig that was done in tiiat
previous Committee of the Whole having fallen
to the ground, the bill is now considered the same
as if it never before had been in Committee of the
Whole. It does not need, therefore, any motion
to restore that provision to the bill. But a mo-
tion can be made to amend it, or to strike it out.
The Chair decides that the clause under consid-
eration is already a part of the bill, and is before
the committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As the Chair
rules that the matter proposed to be inserted by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania is already a
part of the bill, I move to strike it out.
It changes the existing law by increasing the
salaries of the clerks at the various navy-yards,
how much I do not know. There is nothing in
the present bill to show what their salaries are
now. In terms, the clause provides for paying
to the clerks in the ordnance department at the
several navy-yards, in lieu of the present per diem
compensation, the several sums mentioned in the
clause, as follows: to one clerk at Portsmouth,
New Hampshire, $1,200: to one clerk at Boston,
$1,200, and to another $1,000; to one clerk $1,200
and to another clerk $1,000, at New York; to one
clerk at Philadelphia, $1,200; and at the Wash-
ington navy-yard to one clerk, $1,400; to another,
§1,000; to one diaughtsman, $1,600; to one an-
alytical chemist, $2,500; to one assistant pyro-
technist, $1,400; and to one keeper of magazine,
$4b0. I would be glad to know what the present
per diem allowance of these various clerks is.
Mr. HOLMAN. It was stated on a former day
when this measuie was before the House that the
per diem was $3 50. It was so stated by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] or by
some other gentleman upon this floor.
Mr. S TEVENS. Only some of them.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would be
glad to know how many of them received a per
diem,and what salaries the other clerks received.
I think we are acting very much in the dark in
this matter.
I think, sir, that if we are going into this busi-
ness of raising salaries we should not go into it
by piecemeal, but should go over the whole sub-
ject fully and fairly. I am opposed, first and last,
'to any increase of the salary of any person em-
ployed under the Government; but if we are going
into it, let us go into it fairly and justly, and do
justice to all parties systematically.
Mr. PRUYN. I wish to call attention to an er-
ror in the footing up of these appropriations. The
amount is footed up fifteen thousand and odd dol-
lars. It should be $8,380.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 did not foot it up myself.
It was done by the cleik. I ask that it be cor-
tected.
The correction was made.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to suggest that while
we are increasing these salaries—and I think we
must do it in order to enable these men to live—
there should be some stipulation that the increase
shall continue only during the suspension of spe-
cie payment, because at the end of the war and
the resumption of specie payment we shall other-
wise have enormous salanes imposed upon the
country.
1 observe that in the appropriation for the pub-
lication of the American Nautical Almanac there
is an increase of salaiy provided for. I think
that there should be some limit to the increase,
and that it should continue only dming the sus-
pension of spfecie payment. With that proviso,
I am (jntic v, illing to vote for this increase.
Mr. S TEVENS. The Department have asked
for this, not as an increase of salary, but as a
change from a per diem to a permanent salary in
most cases, ami have fixed it at the lowest rate
of salary, $1,200. The number of clerks is in-
creased in some instances. There is one added
at Philadelphia. And then they appoint one clerk
at $1,400, which is not intended as a general rule, -
the general rule being $1,200; but this being a
clerk of class second as clerks are classified in tho
Departments, they say that this is necessary to
command the talent required to carry out these
departments, and the Committee of Ways and
Means thoughtit only reasonable,and so report-
ed it.
Mr. BROOKS. In the case of the American
Nautical Almanac we have increased the salary,
and 1 have no idea that a scientific man, at the
present rates of currency, could be obtained to do
the work without that increase, but after the re-
sumption of specie payment the increase of sal-
aries ought not to continue. •
Mr. STEVENS. It will be very easy to ad-
just the matter when that time arrives.
Mr. BROOKS. In order to test the sense of
the House, I will move to add the following pro-
viso to the clause proposed to be stricken out:
PioviJcd, That tho increase of salaries contained in this
act shall continue only during the suspension of specie pay-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggestto
the gentleman from New York that that time may
be pretty far distant, and that he had better fix
upon some time, say the 1st of July, 1867.
Mr. BROOKS. I would not stake my sagacity
on that as the period of time for the resumption
of specie payment.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. Then Imove
to amend the amendment of the gentleman from
New York by striking out ** during the suspen-
sion of specie payment" and inserting in lieu
thereof " after the 1st day of July, 1867.M
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would remind
the gentleman from Illinois that there are two
amendments aheady pending, and that an amend-
ment in the third degree is not in order.
Mr. STEVENS. I deftire to have what is said
by the Department on this subject read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"The above salaiied cleiks are required for the proper
performance of the duties of the ordnance department of
the different yards. The oidnance stores and accounts
vvej e tormeily kept in charge of the storekeeper, but are
now e timely con tided to the ordnance officer. This change
of .system nod tho vast increase m the labors of the ord-
nance department make it absolutely necessary that per-
sons of ability and respoiiMbiliiy should be permanently
attached to tnc ordnance oliiec lor the peiformanccof the
clerical and other duties connected theiewuli.
"The ••.alatie* are lixed at the very lowest amount at
which it is thought possible to seeuie competent peibons.
The Hilary swked tor the diaughtsman is about the same as
the pav now received bv him.
" The service- <>i a>killiul analytical chemist are greatly
needed in the oidnance depaumentofthe Navy. For want
of such st perj-ou the department has frequently to lesort to
outride pathos, and olien sutlers tor want of chemical an-
alysis and infonn.uion, which, if furnished, would be of
gieat seivjee tn the Government. Instead, theieloie, of a
pviotechmst, who lias been heretoioie employed, the
bineau ask lot a skillful analytical chemist and an assist-
ant pyioteehntsf. The keeper of magazines lias hereto-
fore been estimated lor by the Hureauof Yards and Docks.
  II. A. WISE, Chief of Bureau."
The question was taken on Mr. Brooks's amend-
ment, and it was disagreed to.
The question being on Mr. Washburnf/s
amendment, the Chan man oidered tellers, and
appointed Messrs. Wasiibuune, of Illinois, and
Garfield.
The committee divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 57, noes 40.
So the amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I offer the follow-
ing amendment, to come in at the end of the bill:
Provided, Thsunomoney appiopnated for the naval ser-
vice shall be expended otherwise than m accordance with
the i olio wing piovision, so Jar as it is applicable; th.it ia
to say, that the Pre>idetit, by find with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, shall appoint a Hoard of Adminiify,
which shall eon.->i«-t ut' the vice admiral and one lear ad-
miral, one commodore, one captain, one commander, and
one lieutenant commander, own which the Secretary of
the Navy oi the otiieei highe.-t In lank pie entshali pre-
side; and when tho subject under eon-ndeiadon shall ap-
pertain to the duties ot any buieau in the Navy Depart-
ment, the elnet ot such buteau shall be a member ot the
bo,ml, and entitled to sd and vote on tlie consideration of
the subject.
>Sr.r. —. he it fwilier enacted, That the board shall de-
libeiate in common'ami advtse tbe Secretary on any matters
submitted bj him relating to naval organization, naval legis-
lation, the construction, equipment, and armament of ves-
