1865;
THE CONGRESSIONAL'GLOBE.
1367
old notes in depreciated paper at half price, and
we called it a tender. These gentlemen voted for
that measure, by which people were enabled to
cheat their creditors, and by wlwch the Govern-
ment never got anything, and never will. But
what particularly gratifies me is this: that while
they were willing to make a law, and it is a
standing law now, to enable individuals to cheat
their creditors by paying them off in money at
half price, they are ashamed to do it on their own
account, and will not do any such thing; and I
hope they never will. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I think there is
a higher obligation to keep this bequest at its ori-
ginal amount than any legal obligation. Smith-
son was a natural son of the Duke of Northumber-
land. He made a declaration in connection with
this bequest that he would render his name more
famous than thatof the illustrious house to which
he was allied. He executed a will, in which he
bestowed the whole of his estate upon the United
States, in trust, to establish, as the honorable Sen-
ator from Illinois has just read, an institution to
be located in the city of Washington for the in-
crease and diffusion of knowledge among men.
That was the highest testimony that that indi-
vidual could have rendered to the Government of
the United States, or to the United States them-
selves. Although allied to an illustrious house,
he gave till that he had of worldly property to
our country and toour Government,for the pur-
pose of founding an institution for the increase
and diffusion of knowledge. From the circum-
stances under which this bequest was made, and
the manner in which its execution was assumed
by our Government, in my judgment, it creates
a higher than a legal obligation that the amount
and value of this noble bequest shall not deterio-
rate or be reduced in amount in the hands of those
that he charged with the execution of the trust.
The honorable Senator from Illinois says,cor-
rectly no doubt, that the reason why this applica-
tion i3 now made at this time is because of the
misfortune that befell the Smithsonian Institution
a few weeks since. That was in some degree the
fauit of the United States Government. It had
property deposited for custody and exhibition in
the Interior Department, which was directed by
the officers of the Government to be transferred
to the Smithsonian Institution for the same cus-
tody and for similar exhibition. This property
was not properly attached to, or appended to, the
Smithsonian Institution. The managers of that
Institution received the custody and the posses-
sion of this property reluctantly, and only be-
cause its custody had been imposed upon them
by the officials of the United States Government.
The proper arrangement of that property in one
of its halls rendered necessary the making of some
repairs in the hall that caused the making of a
fire in that hall, which resulted in the conflagra-
tion of the building.
It seems to me, Mr. President, in view of the
nature of the bequest, of the nobleness of the
motives of the testator who bequeathed it, of the
high scientific purposes for which it was given to
the United States; in view of the great trust and
confidence that was reposed by the testator in the
Government, and in the United States, and in our
country; and in view of the fact that this fire that
resulted in the burning of the Smithsonian build-
ing arose from the imposition of a duty that did
not appertain to that Institution at all, the United
States Government ought to hold itself bound by
every obligation to keep the bequest at its original
value; and that is all that is proposed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Illinois to the amendment of
the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The amendment of the committee was adopted;
there being, on a division—ayes twenty-one, noes
not counted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Finance are
all disposed of.
Mr. HALE. I find we have gotanother Smith-
sonian Institution on a smaller scale in this bill
that I want to get rid of. I move to strike out
the following clause:
For publishing the annual report of the National Acad-
emy of Sciences, made to Congress, under the act approved
March 3, 1863, $6,000.
If there is no objection to striking it out, I have
nothing to say.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I offer the following
amendment as an additional section:
<Jln& be it further enacted, That the petitions and memo-
rials of Woodiuff & Beach, William li. Webb, Paul S.
Forbes, James B. Ends, Z. & F. Seeor, William Peri in Sc
Edwin F. Secor, Harrison Lorins, Alcxand(;rSnuih,NiIes,
Works & Co., [Iarlan & Ilollingswortli, Miles Greenwood
& Robert J. Ma-inn, George W. Cluintard. George C. lias-
ton, G. B. Allen & Co., T. G. Gaviord, U. T. Poe &. Co.,
Donoliue, Ryan & .Secor, and the contractors for the seven
iron vessels and their machinery, known as " donble-end-
ers," and the contractors for the seventeen vcs.Nels known
as " double-endors," and the contractors fertile following
engines and machinery, to wit: five one hundred-inch en-
gines, twenty-eight engines for wooden doulde-endeis 
Mr. SHERMAN. I have heard enough of
that amendment read to raise a point of order upon
it. It is a private bill, for the payment of private
individuals—a private claim.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought it possible
that the point of order would be presented which
has just been raised by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, but I think the objection is
not well taken. This amendment relates to a
class of public contractors, and this relief is ne-
cessary, in the judgment of the Committee on
Naval Affairs, not only to save the contractors
themselves from bankruptcy in some instances,
but also to secure the completion of this very im-
portant work. These are the men who under-
took to a very large extent to provide a navy,
and some of them aie able to complete their con-
tracts; others are not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I raise the point of order
that a question of this kind is not debatable. I
would not raise the point except at this stage of
the session.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not propose to dis-
cuss the merits of it at all, but simply to say that
this affects^the public interest, m the judgment
of the committee, as well as the parties them-
selves.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chairwill
submit the question to the Senate whether this
amendment shall be received as in order under
the 30th rule of the Senate, the latter portion of
which is as follows:
" And no amendment shall be received whose object is
to provide for a private claim, unless it be to carry out the
provisions of an existing law or treaty stipulation."
The question is, Shall this amendment be re-
ceived as in order under this rule ?
The question being put, the amendment was
not received.
Mr. STEWART. I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to a section on page 14 of the bill.
I have it not before me, but I ask the Secretary
to read that section:
The Secretary read, as follows:
To enable the Commissioner of the Genera! Land Ofiiec
to continue the investigations which he has instituted in
relation to the mineral icsources of the United States-, and
the minerals, their extent and locality, in the public
domain, who shall repmt hU doing& a* by law required in
relation to other business of ti)o General Land Office,
$15,UOO.
Mr. STEWART. I move to strike out that
clause, and to insert in lieu thereof the following:
For a geological and mineralogical survey of the lands
known as mineral lands, $50,000, to be expended under
the direction of tiic Secretary of the Interior in making
geological and inineraiogical surveys, and such other ex-
plorations as may be necessary to set apart and designate
what lands in tile mineral districts are not mmeial lands,
for the purpose of exposing the same to preemption and
sale. And the President.by and with the advieeand con-
sent of the Senate, shall appoint three commissioners,
who shall eacli be a mining engineer with a knowledge of
geology and mineralogy; and the Secretatyof the Interior
shall organize the commission and make rules and regu-
lations lor the government of the same; which commission
shall report from time to tune; and within ninety days after
the publication of any such repot t, if no objection be made
thereto, tlie Secretary shall appiove the same, and the
lands therein designated as not mineral lands shall there-
upon be open to preemption and sale, as other public lands :
Provided. The homestead law shall only apply to such of
said lands as aie chiefly valuable foragiicultural puiposes.
And $50,000 is also appropriated lor the pus pose ot a sili-
vey of the lands designated as not mineral lands under the
foregoing provision; and the surveys and explorations
made under the foregoing piovisiona shall commence at
such point as the Secretary may direct.
I wish simply to say a word in explanation.
Thesection in the bill appears to referto previous
appropriations and previousinvestigations on this
subject. I know of no law by which these in-
vestigations are directed; and I must say, with-
out desiring to reflect upon the Commissioner of
the General Land Office- 
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to a point of order.
I ask the honorable-Senator if this amendment
appropriating money comes from any committee.
Mr. STEWART. It does not.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I insist upon the point
of order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the point of or- ,
der is not well taken. The Senator from Nevada i
showed me that amendment, and I thought it
was in order. He increases the appropriation,
and more specifically directs its use.
Mr. SHERMAN. He moves to strike out the
whole of one item, and to insert a new item of
appropriation entirely different in its character^
1 think it is a new item.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair re-
gards it as a modification of the amendment re-
ported by the committee, and, as such, in order.
Mr. STEWART. The Secretary of the In-
terior has published in his report, and the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office has also
published in his annual report, certain informa-
tion with regard to the mines which has been
anything butaccurate, and anything but such in-
formation aslegislation should be predicated upon.
The information that has been collected is entirely
erroneous, so far as the experience of every one
who has been in the mining region is concerned.
There is an appropriation in the bill of $15,000
for the purpose of obtaining information in regard
to the mineral resources of the country; and I
understand that sum is appropriated annually
without being directed to any serviceable purpose.
If nothing can be substituted in place of it, I
would much rather that that appropriation should
be stricken out, and I shall insist on the motion
to strike out at all events; for until this subject
can be taken hold of in a manner to accomplish
some good purpose, in such a manner that we
can lay before Congress facts upon which legis-
lation can be based, I am opposed to the ex-
penditure of money upon it. I have lived for tho
last fifteen years in the mining regions. Foreign
countries have sent commissions of scientific men
there who have gone to the mines, made their
examinations, and reported to their Governments.
Those reports have been printed, some in the
French and some in the German language, anil
been translated into English. But I have seen
no report on the part of any one connected with,
the United States which was made from actual
observation and survey. 1 am opposed to laying
any information before Congress except such as
shall be accurate. Such as we have had not only
misleads Congress, but it misleads the people.
You make false estimates and faise calculations
on the subject.
This amendment proposes to start at some point
with a survey which shall separate the regions
that are not mineral from those that are mineraf,
so that the lands not mineral may be exposed to
sale. If the amendment should be adopted you
will get some revenue, and you wilt get some ac-
curate information; but whether, the amendment
is adopted or not, I shall most certainly insist that
there shall be no attempt to publish information
on an appropriation of $15,000, without any pro-
vision as to how that money shall be expended,
or where the information is to be obtained. To
obtain information with regard to the mines re-
quires a careful examination. Itrequiresgeolog-
ical and mineralogical surveys and explorations
by men of experience who understand the sub-
ject. Itisa science that is capable ofagreatdeal
of accurate description. Itcan be reduced to such
information that Congress can act upon it with
certainty. But itis throwingmoney away to pay
#15,000 per annum for collecting idle rumors and
publishing them; and I am opposed to that. I
think this amendment will be a step in the right
direction. By it we shall get some information;
we shall expose some land for sale, get some
money into tiie Treasury, do a little good, and do
no harm.
Mr. CLARK. This is a curious proposition
at this time of the session. At twenty minutes
after eleven o'clock, on the last night of the ses-
sion, on the very last appropriation bill that could
be found, the Senator proposes to expend $100,000
for a survey between the mineral and agricultural
lands, beginning nowhere, and ending, perhaps,
in the same place. Where does he propose to
