604
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
referred to the Coramitteeon Printing; but I think
we ought to iyiow what it is going to cost before
we vote for it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. In order that that in-
formation may be had, 1 will move that the res-
olution be referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. ANTHONY. That is not necessary. If
the Senate will let the resolution lie over until to-
morrow, I can obtain the information.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Very well.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to make a single
remark. I suggest to gentlemen, as the expense
of printing this report of the Census Bureau will
be very heavy at the present price of material,
labor, &c., whether it would not be advisable to
take some portion of the numbers already printed
which have not been distributed, and give them
to that Department, instead of making a new
edition of two thousand copies. I desire to have
the information suggested by the Senator from
Rhode island, but i think when the information
is obtained we shall hesitate about incurring this
■very great additional expense.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Let the resolution lie
over until to-morrow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will lie over.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
429) to establish additional offices for the assay
of gold and silver, and for other purposes; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
430) to amend "An act to enable the people of
Nevada to form a constitution and State govern-
ment, and for the admission of such Statemto the
Union on an equal footing with the original
States;" which was read twice by its title, re-
fered to the Committee on Territories, and ordered
to be printed.
REPRESENTATION AMONG Till! STATES.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolution
(S. U. No. 108) to provide for submitting to the
several States an amendment of the Constitution
of the United States; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to have the res-
olution read at length for the information of the
Senate.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States of Jimenca in Congress assembled, (two
thirds of both Houses concurring,) That the following arti-
cle be proposed to the Legislating of the several States as
an amendment to the Constitution of the United Slates,
winch, when ratified by three lourthsof Mich Legislatures,
shall become a part of the Constitution, to wit:
Representatives '•hall he nppoitmncd anions the several
fit.ites whit h may be included within tin- Union accord-
ing to ihe number of male citizen* of aye li«n nig in eacii
State the qualification* requisite for eiectois of the most
numerous hi.inch of the State Legislature. The actual
enumeration of such citizcns shall be made by the census
of the United States.
1 ask the reference of the joint resolution to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and I content my-
self with retrial king that that amend men (, or some-
thing like it, seems to become necessary now sinoe
the adoption of the other constitutional amend-
ment by which slavery is prohibited throughout
life United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That reference
will be made.
CONFERENCES WITH REBELS.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following" resolu-
tion, and ask for its immediate consideration:
Resolved, That the President of tiie United States he re-
quested, H in hH opinion not incompatible with the public
interest, to furnish to the Semite .my information in his
possession concerning recent conversations or communica-
tions with ceitain rebels said to have been under executive
sanction, including communications with the rebel Jelier-
son Davis, and any corie^pondence relative thereto.
Mr. SAULSBURY. 1 object. I want to have
that information, but I wish to offer an amend-
ment to the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection being
made, the resolution will lie over, under the rules.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPiierson, its Cieikj announced that
the Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
joint resolution (H. R. No. 97) to terminate the
treaty of 1811 regulating the naval force on the
lakes; which thereupon received the signature of
the Vice President.
METROPOLITAN RAILROAD.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There being no
further morning business, the unfinished business
of the morning hour of Saturday is now before
the Senate-
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 411) to amend an act entitled "An
act to incorporate the Metropolitan Railroad Com-
pany in the District of Columbia," the pending
question being on the amendment proposed by
Mr. Sumner to add the following as a new sec-
tion:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That the provision prohibiting
any exclusion from any car on accountof color, already ap-
plicable to the Metropolitan railroad, is hereby extended to
every other railroad in the District of Columbia.
Mr. SAULSBURY. On that I ask for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. DIXON. 1 wish to say in regard to this
amendment, that I opposed it on Saturday on the
ground that it se,emed to conflict with tiie rights
of another company not now before the Senate;
but since that time I have seen the managers and
controllers of that company, and find that they are
unwilling to contend on this subject with what
they considered to be the public opinion. They
therefore make no objection to it; and I shall
make none.
Mr. SUMNER. Then I do not wish the yeas
and nays.
Tiie VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary will
call the roll.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am requested to state that
my colleague [Mr. Wilkinson] is confincd to his
room by indisposition.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 10; as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Anthony, Rrown, Chandler, Collamer,
Conness, Dixon, Doohttle, Farw-dl, Foot, Fo-let, Gumes,
Ilnnis, Ilowaid, Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Lane ot Kan-
sas, Morgan, Morrill, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Stewart,
Sumner, Wade, VVilley, and Wilson—-if).
NAYS—-Me^r>. Cownn, Davis, Henderson, flendrick«,
Ncsmith, Powell, Richardson, >3uui&buiy, Van Winkle, and
Wright—10.
ABSENT — Messrs. Jluekalcw, Carlile, Clark, Hale,
Hardin<r, Harlan, Hicks, Howe, McDougall, Riddle, Sher-
man, Sprnguc, Ten ftyok, Tiumbull, and Wilkinson—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
AMENDMENT TO ENROLLMENT ACTS.
On motion of Mr. "WILSON, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, resumed the consider-
ation of tiie bill (S. No. 408) in addition to the
several acts for enrolling and calling out the na-
tional forces, and for other purposes.
Mr. WILSON. It will be remembered that the
amendment reported by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, in the nature of a substitute for the
original bill, was read when the bill was up before.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the amendment reported by the
committee.
Mr. WILSON. I hope it will be adopted at
once.
Mr.GRIMES. If that amendmentbe adopted,
will it then be susceptible of amendment?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not in the text.
Additional sections may be added, but if the text
of the amendment is amended it must be before
its adoption.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask for the reading of the
amendment.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to strike out all after the enacting clause of the
bill and insert the following:
That from and after the passage, of this act, any person
enrolled ami liable to be dratted, may be accepted as a sub-
stitute tor a drafted person, and such dialted person shall
be exempt fiom service tor such time as the substitute shall
be held to service under the terms ot his enlistment.
Si:c. 2. Jind be it further enacted, That no person owing
military .-service -shall be exempted fioin liability to perioi m
the same on account of furnishing a substitute for the
Navy, unless the viibstitute is presented in person to the
boatd ot enrollment by which the principal is etnolled, and
is aceepicd by said board ot eiuoliment.
SEC. U. Jlnd be it further enactcd, That any rcciuiting
a^ent, Mihstitute broker, or other person,, who shall enlist,
or cause to be enlisted, as a volunteer or substitute, any
insane person or person in a condition of intoxication, or
a desprter from the military ornaval service, knowing hnn
to be such, or who shall defraud or deprive any volunteer
or substitute of any portion of the State, local, or United
States bounty to which be maybe entitled, shall, upon
conviction by any court-martial or militaiy commission, be
fined not exceeding $1,000, or imprisoned not exceeding
two years, or both, at the discretion ot such court-marual
or military commission.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That any officer who
shall muster into the military or naval service of the United
States any desei ter from said service, or insane person, or
person in a condition of intoxication, knowing him to be
such, shall, upon conviction by any court-martial or mili-
tary commission, be dishonorably dismissed the service of
the United States.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all State and
local bounties hcreafterto be puid to any volunteer or sub-
stitute upon entry into the military or nav.il service of the
United States shall be paid m installment*, as follows : one
thud at the time of the muster into seivice of such volun-
teer or substitute ; one third at the expiration ot halt the
term of service ; and one thud at the expiration of the term
of such scivice, unless sooner discharged by reason of
wounds lecetved in battle. And in case of his death while
m service, the residue of bis bounty unpaid shall be paid
to hts widow, if he shall have letta widow ; it not, to his
children, or, if there be none, to ius motliei, if she be a
widow.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the remainder of
the term of s>ei vice of any person who shall hereafter enter
the military or naval seiviee as a volunteer or drafted man,
and shall desert theietrom, oi he discharged by leason of
physical disability, existing prior to <?ueh entry into service,
shall be added to the amount of service due from the dis-
trict to which such volunteer or drafted man &hall have been
credited, and the same shah be liiled up from suchdiotuct
by enlistment or diaft.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it fml her enacted, That, in addition to
the other lawful penalties of the crime of desertion fiom
the military or naval service, all person-? who have de-
serted the militaiy or naval service of the United States,
who shall not return to said service or reprntthemselvesto
a piovost marshal within sixty days alter the passage of
tins act, shall be deemed and taken to have voluntanlyre-
linquished and forfeited their lights of citizenship, and their
rights to become citizens ; and such desei ters shall be for-
ever incapable of holding any office of tru~-t or profit under
the United States, oi of exeicising any ot the lights of cit-
izens thereof, and all persons who shall heiealter deceit
the military or navul seivice shall be liable to the penalties
of this section.
Sec. 8. Jlml be it further enacted, That the President
is hereby authoiized and requued forthwith, on the pas-
sage of ibis act, to issue his proclamation setting forth the
piovisions of the preceding section.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to strike out the
fifth section of the amendment, lam notable to
see either the policy or the right of the proposi-
tion contained in that section. I do not see what
the Government of the United States has to do
with bounties that are paid by State, county, or
other local authorities. That is a mutter alto-
gether between the local authonties and the vol-
unteer. What right have we to prohibit a State
or a county or a city from paying the entire
bounty down ? I do not care to discuss the mat-
ter, I merely make the motion to strike out the
section.
Mr. WILSON. Before this provision was
inserted in our amendment, the members of the
Military Committee consulted some of the most
eminent lawyers in the Senate, and they agieed
that we had the power to do it. So much for
that objection. Now, in regard to the provision
itself, there is certainly no way to onfotce it un-
less the Government should conclude not to mus-
ter into service any person thus enlisted. I do
not object to striking out this section, and I was
inclined to do so in reporting the bill from com-
mittee; but it is very evident that the local boun-
ties are the means rather of filling quotas than of
filling up the Army. The enormous bounties that
have been offered by individuals and local author-
ities have been carried to an extent that lather
induces men to desert than to go into the Army
and serve. I shall not, however, oppose the strik-
ing out of this section.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. I offer byway of amendment
this additional section:
Jlnd be it further enacted, That every soldier who shall
have enlisted in any regiment or batteiy pieviousiy organ-
ized, undei a distinct promise or assurance given by the ic-
cruitingor mustering officer, or by the Governor or adju-
tant general of the State where midi soldier enlisted, that
such enlistment should only be for the unexpired t«'im of
sei\ice of such regiment or battery, shall be entitled to his
discharge at the expiiatton of such term, anjthing in the
mustenng-in roll ot such soldiei to the contrary notwith-
standing; and if such recnnentor batteiy shall have been
mustered out of the ^civice, Mich soldier shall be entitled
to he disehaiged forthwith. And it shall be the duty of the
Sccret.ii y of VV.tr. subject to the approval of the President
of the United State*, to immediately piovide ail proper rules
for carrying this provision into effect.
I suppose it is hardly necessary to explain the
design of this amendment, for 1 imagine every
