1805.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
605
Senator lias been besieged by applicants who have
been mustered into the service, through some mis-
apprehension ofthe recruiting or mustering-in offi-
cer, for a longer term than the soldier enlisting
really supposed he was engaging to serve the
country, it makes no difference, as to the jus-
tice and necessity of such legislation as is asked
for by the amendment, whether the recruiting offi-
ccr or the officer mustering the soldier in acted
under an honest misapprehension of his duty, or
whether he acted fraudulently; it is a fraud upon
the soldier entering the service. Many regiments
have thus been filled up, and it was desirable that
they should be thus filled forthe purpose of serv-
ing out the term for which the regiment was ori-
ginally enlisted. The recruiting officer held out
the inducement to men, that if they would enter
the service for the remainder ofthe term fur which
the regiment was enlisted, they, too, should be
discharged at that time; and it is operating very
unjustly and very harshly on men who have thus
been entrapped into a longer term of service than
they supposed they were undertaking to renderat
the time they enlisted. It seems to me this amend-
ment proposes no more than absolute justice. I
have almost daily petitions and applications from
various portious of the Army, from men who have
been thus entrapped into the service,complaining
ofthe injustice and hardship of their position, and
1 trust it will be the pleasure of the Senate to give
them a relief so manifestly right and expedient.
Mr. BROWN. I trust the amendment which
has been offered by the Senator from West Vir-
ginia will not be adopted, for 1 think it will have
the effect of breaking up the Army altogether.
It will do more to demoralize and destroy it than
perhaps any other amendment that could be placed
on the bill. I have received numerousapplications
from persons who say that they were enlisted for
a shorter term, or that false representations were
held outto them by persons connected with enlist-
ment; but certainly we cannot afford to set the
precedent here of permitting all the statements
of all the agents, all those who have assisted in
enlisting men into the service, to override the laws
of Congress and the regulations of the military
service." There would be no use ill establishing
laws, no use in providing regulations, no use in
instructing officers, if the laws, regulations, and
instructions are to be overthrown and destroyed
at the will and option of any officer who sees fit
to violate them by making a promise beyond those
that he was authorized to make by the Articles of
War and by the regulations of the service.
I say that if this amendment were adopted the
result of it would be that it would put it in the
power of any officer and any man colluding to
operate to discharge that man,and it would also
in nine cases out often go to effect the release oi
men who do not deserve to be released.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think there is a joint
resolution of the Legislature of Indiana on this
subject upon the Secretary's table, before lum.
If so, I should like to have it read. Ifl recollect
it aright, it expresses the desire of the Legisla-
tare that a proposition such as is submitted by the
Senatorfrom West Virgfmiashould be adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary in-
forms the Chair that no such document is on his
table. . ,
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe such a memo-
rial or resolution from the Legislature was pre-
sented to the body through the Presiding Officer.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If so, it is on the
files of the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I know that the Legis-
lature has adopted such a memorial, and myjudg-
ment is with the proposition; because it is cer-
tainly very hard to make men serve a term ot
three years when they were induced by the re-
cruitms; officer to suppose that they were entering
the servicc for the unexpired term of the regiment.
It has occurred in many eases. The Secretary
of War has authorized the discharge of one com-
pany where the company entering the service
under like circumstances were mustered in ac-
cording to the understanding. Certainly the claim
of those who were mustered in contrary to their
understanding, to their bargain with the Govern-
ment, is as strong as the claim in the other case.
I wished merely to call the attention of the Sen-
ate to the fact that the State of Indiana, which has
furnished her full quota of troops at all times dur-
ijg the war, has expressed a desire that a propo-
sition such as is submitted by the Senator from
West Virginia should be adopted.
Mr. WILLEY. 1 do not see the force of the
objection made to this amendment by the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Brown.] The amendment
itself provides that these discharges from service
shall be made under such regulations and rules as
the War Department shall prescribe, and it will
be perfectly competent and within the power of
the Wav Department to make rules and regula-
tions that will obviate all danger of improper dis-
charges and of fraud upon the service by pro-
curing the discharge of men on false pretenses.
Certainly it is not the desire of the amendmentto
lead to any such effect as that; but the object is
the contrary; it is to do justice to men that through
the regularly-appointed agents of the Government
have been deceived into a service which they in
point of fact never engaged to render; and now I
say it is but justice on the part of the Government
to relieve the men that have thus been entrapped
into the service of the country either through ig-
norance or through the fraudulent agency of the
officer. I do not think it will demoralize the ser-
vice to do justice to men who are in the service;
nor do I apprehend that the operation of this
amendment will go to the extent supposed by the
Senator from Missouri. That quite a number of
men have thus been enlisted and mustered into
the service of the United States 1 admit, and it is
on their behalf that I speak; but that it will de-
moralize the Army, that it will tend to break up
the service, I have no apprehensions at all. I
think the tendency of it will be rather to strengthen
that arm of our service, and the confidence of the
country and of the men already enlisted in the
service, and of those we expect to enlist in the
service, if they see a readiness on the part ofthe
Government to do justice to men who have ful-
filled theiractual engagements in the service of the
United States and to the country. .
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour I
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the special order of the day
Mr. WILSON. I hope that will be passed
over until we act on this bill. Itisof greatimport-
ance to pass the bill if we are going to have a
draft. ... , ,
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to that
course. .
Mr. WILSON. I think we can pass this bill
in a short time. .
Mr. POWELL. If my bill, which was made
the special order for to-day, does not lose its
place, 1 have no objection to the suggestion ot
the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the special order be
passed over informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no ob-
jection, the special orders will be passed over in-
formally,subject to be called up at any moment.
The bill ofthe Senate (No. 408) is still before the
Senate as in Committee of the Whole, the ques-
tion being on the amendment of the Senator from
West Virginia to the amendment reported by the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WILSON. I am opposed to this amend-
ment,and I believe it will have a most disastrous
effect if adopted. In the first place, no man had a
rio-ht to make any such promise as is here spoken
of Ifany man made such a promise he matte one
which he had no right to make, and made it for
deceptive purposes. In the next place, the pa-
pers show that the men were mustered in for
three years, and they signed the muster rolls on
which that was expressed,thus agreeing to gom
for three years. iNo man in the^ountry was au-
thorized to take them for any less time; but it has
become a universal complaint of men who enlisted
and went into old regiments that their time should
expire with that of the regiment. 1 here is no
authority for it. If you put such a provision in
the bill you will have a clamor all over the country
to release all the men whose regiments have gone
home. These men received their bounty for three
years, and they are in the service. Here and there
possibly a roan was deceived; but not one was
deceived where you will bni a hundred who will
claim that this promise was made to them.
1 think the adoption of tins amendment wil
haveavery disastrous effect. We had bettcrstand
on the law as it is, and hold the men responsible
to what they agreed, what they took bounty for,
what the papers they signed stated. I dare say
that some recruiting agents deceived men in this
matter, as they have in many others, and the bill
before us is intended to bear heavily on the sub-
stitute brokers and others who are enlisting mea
all over the country, and cheating them beyond
measure* Many a man has been enlisted unger
the promiseof #1,000 or $1,200 orfl,500 bounty
who has received scarcely a farthing, while the
substitute broker ha3 pocketed the money. Isaw
a man the other day, a man of character, of stand-
ing, of family, a business man, who, while pass-
ing to New York, was drugged, and did not get
over it for ten days, and when hedid,found him-
self put in the service ofthe United States, with the
promise of $1,300, of which he got *ยง100. We
have any quantity of these things going on in the
country. I am opposed to the amendment, and
in fuvor of this bill, for the reason that it is in-
tended to correct some of these abuses.
Mr. GRIMES. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs is mistaken as to a state-
mentof fact. It is true that enlistments have been
made, as has been stated by the Senator from
West Virginia, with the approbation and under
the direction of the War Department for the pur-
pose  . ,
Mr. WILSON. They had no right to do it.
Mr. GRIMES. I say that it is true that under
the direction ofthe War Department enlistments
were made for the purpose of filling up the unex-
pired term of regiments that had been in the ser-
vice for six or twelve months at the time when
these recruits were obtained. The Senator says
that the War Department had no right todoany
such thing. Are we going to repudiate the action
of <)ur agents in a matter of this kind? Are we
going to say that these men, notwithstanding the
representations that were made to tliem by the
War Department, shall be compelled to fulfill a
contract which they did not make ? Is it not bet-
ter, more manly, more generous, and more noble
for us to impose draft after draft, and let these
men be discharged according to the stipulations
that our agents made with them at the time they
enlisted ?
Why, sir, I happen to know that in the State
of which I am a citizen authority was given to
the Governor of the State, a d the adjutant gen-
eral, to make this representation in order to fill
up some three-year regiments, one year of whose
time had already expired, and the men who were
thus recruited have been discharged by the au-
thority of the War Department, between certain
dates; but the persons who were enlisted by the
same agents in Iowa, one, two, and three days be-
fore the first date named in the order of the War
Department, and two, three, and four days after
the last day in it,are still retained in the service,
the representation made to these recruits having
been made by the same authority, by the same
officers, and in the same manner. _ There is not
anything that is more manifestly unjust, I t seems
to me that there is not anything more calculated
to demoralize the service than to keep these me.i
in the service after the time for which they en-
listed and agreed to serve, under the direction and
.according to the agreement entered into between
them and our own agencies.
Mr. BROWN. If I understand the operation
ofthe amendment of the Senator from West Vir-
ginia, it will be simply this: that the enlistment
of every soldier ill the Army shall be opened up
to be explained by him as to any contract, un-
derstanding, or agreement made between him and
a recruiting agent or officer. I say if that door
is opened, it lays your service open to be demor-
alized utterly. If,as the Senator from Iowa says,
you are to assume that the person has been en-
listed with the agreement that his term should
expire when the term of the regiment expires; it
that is to be carried out, and you are to discharge
him* why shall you not carry it furthei, and sjy
that if a soldier has been enlisted under a promise
that he shall be made an officer, under a promise
that he shall go into a specific branch of the ser-
vice, under a promise that he shall be in the ar-
tillery, or cavalry, or any other different branch
from that in which he is; why shall not he also
be discharged because of the failure to carry out
that promise? Is not the promise as specific in
the one case as in the other? May not the in-
ducement be as great to him to enlist m the one
case as in the other ? And if you are going to
open up the question of enlistments to be determ-
