1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1371
ber except from the article the latter part of the
provision, provided the country be in a state of
war, as the first part of the provision. What is
the latter part:
" Nor shall any person be subject for the same offense to
be twice put in jeopardy of life or limb."
Does not that apply to the military service, the
naval service, to cases arising in the militia when
in the service of the United States? If it does,
it goes to show that it was ihe purpose of the
article to cover everything by that conservative
provision which can arise, to cover the ease of a
capital or an infamous crime, unless the party
charged, at the time when the offense is said to
have been committed, is in the land or naval ser-
vice, or in the miiitia of the United States when
in the actual service of the United States. The
honorable member tellsus—and from the earnest-
ness with which he speaks, and his character,
nobody can doubt his sincerity—that the great
apostle of American liberty, Jefferson, construed
that constitutional provision as he would have the
Senate to construc it. He is wholly mistaken.
He comes to that conclusion by supposing that
the clause of the Articles of War to which he has
adverted was intended to provide that all cases
arising: in time of war are to be tried by a court-
martial. It is a misapprehension of the meaning
of the articles; and if the honorable member will
permit me to say so,it is a libel upon the memory
of Jefferson. If any man ever lived who would
have protested against subjecting the citizen to
military rule, unless from necessity, it was him.
What is the act of Congress confirming the ar-
ticle ? As the Senator will see, it is an act relating
to the armies of the United States alone,and con-
taining almost every variety of regulation sup-
posed to be necessary for the organization and
preservation and discipline of the Army. It pro-
vides, by the fifty-fifth article:
" Whosoever belonging to the armies of the United States
employed in foreign parts shall force a safeguard shall suffer
death."
" Whosoever shall relieve the enemy with money," &c.
And the honorable member seems to suppose
that the words " belonging to the armies" have
nothing to do with the meaning of the immediate
succeeding article. It is not so. The article is
to be read, although a separate article, as you
would read it if it constituted one and the same
article. The fact that the one article completes a
sentence and the next article begins and is a sen-
tence of itself amounts to nothing. When you
look to the law as a law regulating the armies of
the United States, and you see that it provides
that " whosoever belonging to the armies of the
United States, &c., shall force a safeguard shall
suffer death," and " whosoever shall relieve the
enemy with money," &c., by every rule of con-
struction, if there was nothing else to drive you
to the necessity of applying that rule of construc-
tion, you are obliged to carry on the words " be-
longing to the armies of the United States" into
the meaning of the second article; and the honor-
able member will permit me to say that until this
war commenced 
Mr. LANE, oflndiana. Will the Senator per-
mit me to ask him a question ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. How will you try a
spy in a loyal State where the courts are open?
He does not belong to the Army, and never did.
Mr. JOHNSON. No; but that is an excep-
tion.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Under this provision
in the Articles of War?
Mr. JOHNSON. No; an exception under this
section, and is to be tried by the laws of war.
Mr. LANE, oflndiana. So, 1 contend, is every
conspirator in the United States.
Mr. JOHNSON. Whoisaconspirator? Why,
Mr. President, then treason, in peace or in war,
is to be tried by these courts-martial.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
suspend his remitrks to enable the Chair to re-
ceive a message from the House of Representa-
tives.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House of Representatives had receded from
its disagreement to the first amendment of the
Senate to the bill of the House (H. R. No. 683)
malting appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending 30th June, 1866, and
had agreed to the said first amendment, with an
amendment, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate; and it had agreed to the report of
the committee of conference on all the other dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on the said bill.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills; and they were
thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (S. No. 2) granting a pension to Ellen
M. Whipple, widow of the late Major General
Amiel W. Whipple, of the United States Army;
A bill (S. No. 44) granting a pension to the
widow ofthe late Major General Hiram G. Berry;
A bill (S. No. 91) to quiet titles in favor of
parties in actual possession of lands situated in
the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 122) for the relief of Mary A.
Baker, widow of Brigadier General Edward D.
Baker;
A bill (S. No. 171) further to amend an act
entitled "An act for the collection of direct taxes
in the insurrectionary districts within the United
States, and for other purposes," approved June
7, 1862;
A bill (S. No. 390) relating to the postal laws;
A bill (S. No. 411) to amend an act entitled
"An act to incorporate the Metropolitan Railroad
Company in the District of Columbia;"
A bill (S. No. 443) to incorporate the Freed-
men's Savings and Trust Company;
the Relief of Freedmen and Refugees; and
A bill (H. R. No. 703) to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide a national currency secured
by a pledge of United States bonds, and to pro-
vide for the circulation and redemption thereof."
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr.TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Mary-
land will allow me, 1 wish to make a motion in
regard to a bill that has just come from the House.
The Army bill has been returned from the House
of Representatives, and I will ask that the action
of the House be read, and then 1 desire to submit
a motion.
The Secretary read, as follows:
In the House or Representatives, March 3, 1865.
Resolved, That the House recedcfrom their disagreement
to the first amendment of the Senate to the bill of the
House (H. R. No. 683) making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending 30th Jane, 18GG, and
agree to the same amended as follows: in«ert in lieu of the
words pioposed to be stricken out by the Senate:
Provided, That no money appiopriated by this act shall
be used for the purpose of paying the llhnoisCenira! rail-
road for the transportation of property or troops of the Uni-
ted States.
Resolved, That the House agree to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the remaining disagreements of
the two Houses on said bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It will be observed that
the House has agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference in all respects except as to
one amendment, and that they liave amended and
presented in a different shape, applying it dis-
tinctly to the Illinois Central Railroad Company.
I do notknow whether it is necessary for us to act
upon the report of the committee of conference,
but I suppose it is, before any further action is
taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
This is a case of a committee agreeing in part
upon the disagreeing votes of the two Houses,
and so far as they agree it is nccessary for each
House to concur in that report to the extent that
they do agree.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Then I submit the report
of the committee of conference and ask the Senate
to agree to the portions to which the House have
agreed, and that will narrow down the disagree-
ment to one point.
Mr. COWAN. I submit whether it is com-
petent for this body to agree to a part of a con-
ference reportand reject a part. The report itself
is an entirety, and must be wholly agreed to or
wholly rejected.   .
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair un-
derstands that the committee of conference agiee
on some portions of the disagreeing votes and dis-
agree on others. That it is competent for it com-
mittee of conference to do; the precedents are very
numerous.
Mr. COWAN. Unquestionably; but if they
do not agree upon all the subjects in dispute then
there is no report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is then open
foreither House to recede from those upon which
they do not agree, or to appoint another commit-
tee of conference. The report will be read,
"fhe Secretary read it, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the amendments to the bill (II. R.
No. 683) making appropriations lor the support of the Army
for the year ending June 30,1866, having met, atter full and
free conference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede fiom their fourth amendment.
That the House of Representatives lecede from their
disagreement to the second and thiid amendments of the
Senate.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to the
amendment ot the House to the sixth amendment of Uio
Senate, and agree to the same.
As to the first amendment of the Senate, striking out the
proviso at the end of the bill, the committee are unable to
agree.
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
N. A. FARWELL,
L. W. POWELL,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JAMES P. WILSON,
WILLIAM S. 1IOLMAN,
THOMAS T. DAViS,
Managers on the part oj the House.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move that the Sen-
ate disagree to the amendment of the House to
the first amendment of the Senate, and ask a fur-
ther conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon; and that the conferees on
A bill (H. R. No. 51) to establish a Bureau for. ,<*he part of the Senate be appointed by the Vice
_ .rti i  ,1 t> _ r.. ^,1   prosm/lnnf
President.
The motion was agreed to; and
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Har-
ris, Mr. Howe, and Mr. Wxlley.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. CLARK, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the bill (H. R. No. 795) amendatory of cer-
tain acts imposing duties upon foreign importa-
tions, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the di«agieeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (II. It. No. 79o) amendatory of
certain acts imposing duties upon toreign impoi unions, hav-
ing met, after full and fiee conference have agreed to rec-
ommend, and do recommend, to their respective Houses
as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to the
amendments of the Senate numbered one, two, six, seven,
eight, nine, ten, eleven, and fourteen, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their third, fifth and a half,
twelfth, and thirteenth amendments.
That the House rucede from their disagreement to tho
fourth amendment ofthe Senate,and agree to the s>ame with
an amendment, as follows: insert in lieu of tho woida
stricken out the words "on iron bars for railroads or in-
clined planes, ten cents per one hundred pounds."
That the IIoiw leecdo Irom their disagreement to the fifth
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same with the
following amendment: strike.out " two and a half cents"
and insert, in lieu thereof, "one cent."
DANIEL CLARK,
THOMAS A. HENDRICKS,
N. A. FARWELL,
Managers on the jiart of the Senate.
THADDEUS STEVENS,
SAMUEL S. COX,
JOHN A. GRISWOLD,
Managers on the pait of the House,
Mr. POMEROY. I thought, after the vote we
had this morning, that the committee on the part
of the Senate would certainly insist on carrying
out the wishes and vote ot the Senate. After
voting as we did, two to one almost, not to increase
the tax on iron, (and that is about the only tiling
there is in the bill, and, in my opinion, the only-
reason why a tariff bill was got up at all,) I did
not think the Senate committee would recede and
agree to the amendment of the House. But un-
less some other Senator desires to make opposi-
tion to it, 1 shall not. I discharged my duty Ibis
morning, and I shall not persist against it now
and thus defeat the bill. My opinion is that this
increase of duty Oil iron is bad for internal im-
provements, bad for the revenue, and bad for
everything. I do not believe there is a good feat-
ure m it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to say that on
the report of the committcc of conference 1 shall
not present my views about the propriety of any
tax on railroad iron. I regiet to see it done. I
would rather see the bill lost than that and some
other provisions of the bill adopted.
Mr. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays
on concurring in tho report, and they were
