1372
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
J
ordered; and being taken, resulted—yeas22,nays
13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Chandler, Clark,
Gonness, Cowan, Dixon. Farwell, Foot, Foster, Hale, How-
ard, IJowe, Lane,of Indiana, Morrill, Sherman, Stewart,
Sumnr-r, Ten Eyek Trumbull, Wade, and Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Davis, Grimes, Harlan, Hendricks,
Johnson, Lane of Kansas, Nye, Porneroy, Powell, Riddle,
Wilkinson, and Willey—12.
/tBSENT—Messrs.. Brown, CarJile, CoJlamer,Doolittle,
Harduur, Harris, Henderson, McDougall, Morgan, Nes-
tnith, Ramsey, Richardson, Saulsbuiy, Sprague,Van Win-
kle, and Wright—16.
So the report was concurred in.
SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to the bill of the House (H. R. No. 600)
for the better organization of the subsistence de-
partment, disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives; and
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amendment to
the said bill, disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
and ngr<;e lo the conference asked by the House on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses theieon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Senate be
appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Mor-
gan, Mr. Sprague, and Mr. Powell.
IIQUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bili and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally read
twice by their titles, and referred as indicated be-
low:
A bill (H. R. No. 807) to authorize the coinage
of three-cent pieces, and for other purposes—to
the Committee on Finance.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 135) to facilitate
communication with certain Territories—to the
Committee on Territories.
A joint resolution (H.R.No. 135) to facilitate
communication with theTerritones of New Mex-
ico, Arizona, and Colorado—to the Committee
on Territories.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the Sen-
ate a report of the Secretary of "War, communi-
cating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of this date, information in relation to the
amount of money paid by the War Department
from the 1st of March, 1861, to the lstof March,
1865, to the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com-
pany for the transportation of troops and muni-
tions of war between Baltimore and Washington,
or for any other purpose; which was ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
786) making appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending jhe
30th of June, 1866, the pending question being on
the motion of Mr. Lane, of Indiana, to strike out
the eighteenth section of the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am nearly through. I
was about to say, when interrupted, that until
this war commenced I never had heard a differ-
ent construction given to the Articles of War
adopted by Congiess in 1806, and certainly never
heard it intimated that it was possible, by any
interpretation of the fifth constitutional amend-
ment, to authoiize a man to be tried for a capital
or other infamous offense except on an indict-
ment and presentment, unless he was in the mili-
tary or naval service of the United States or in
the militia. But the practical construction that
these military men have put upon that clause is
that they have the power to try everybody who
is charged with any offense that in their opinion
remotely affects the military service, or remotely
—no matter how remotely—hasa tendency to aid
the rebellion. I know the military prisons in
Baltimore have been filled with citizens who have
been charged with no offense that, except by mil-
itary sense, couid be construed in any way as
assisting the rebellion; and that is the case all
over the country; and it is attended with enor-
mous expense. There have been at times from
one to two hundred men in Baltimore, citizens of
Maryland or citizens who happened to be found
there, imprisoned; notnotified of what the offense
for which they were imprisoned was until they
were brought out before a military commission or
military court-martial to be tried; and that was not
done until they had been in prison for months and
months; and when they are brought out, how
are they tried? They are tried by a violation of
the most ordinary and best-established rules of
evidence. All the safeguards and rules of evi-
dence, adopted after the experience of centuries
and thrown around the citizen who is charged
with an offense, have been disregarded. What
is the operation upon the Government in a finan-
cial point of view? The honorable memberfrom
Ohio showed me a letter the other day stating
that there was a trial going on in Cincinnati at
that time that had cost or would cost the Gov-
ernment from one to two hundred thousand
dollars. A trial down in Boston, the trial to
which I believe the honorable member from New
Hampshire [Mr. Hale] referred the other day,
cost the Government I do not know how much
more.
But not only have these military gentlemen
violated, as I think, and I speak it with all proper
respect for the opinion of my friend from Indiana,
their duty in the particulars to which 1 have ad-
verted, but the provisions of your own legislation
on the subject have been disregarded by the Ex-
ecutive. Congresswas aware—the waitings from
every State brought the fact to your knowledge—
that these outrages upon the liberty of the citizen
were being perpetrated; that men were kept in
prison, not for days, for weeks, or for months,
but for years, without being advised of what the
charge against them was, and you therefore, as
far back as the 3d of March, 1863, said:
" That the Secretary of State and the Secretary of War
be, and they are heieby, directed, as soon as may be prac-
ticable, to lurnish to the judges of the circuit and district
courts of the United States, and of the District of Colum-
bia, a list ot the names of all persons, citizens of States m
which the administration or' the laws has continued unim-
paired in the said Federal courts, who are now, or may
hereafter be, held as pri>oners of the United States, by
order or authority ot the President ot the United States, or
either of said Secretaries, in any fort, arsenal, or other
place, as State or political prisoners, or otherwise than as
prisoners of war."
The list is to be sent to the courts,and if there
was no presentment or indictment within a limited
time the parties are to be discharged. That law
has been utterly disregarded. An investigation
made by a committee of the other House some
weeks ago exhibited a state of things existing
here, within the sound of our voices, shocking to
every sense of freedom which ought to be enter-
tained by the American citizen. More than a
year ago the President of the United States con-
stituted a commission to visit these several places
and discharge persons against whom there was
no ground of arrest in their opinion, and they
found, aa one of them told me, here in the Old
Capitol prison, right before us, a man who had
been their for five or six months, and when the
person who had placed him there was called be-
fore the commission to state upon what grounds
he was placed there, he said that he had made a
mistake; he was not the man he intended to ar-
rest; it was somebody else.
Mr. President, it is too late in the session to
argue this question; but it is not, and I am sure
it will not.be considered as a party question by
the Senate of the United States. It is a question
that rises high above party. It is a question that
involves the liberty of the American citizen. To
say now that every citizen of the United States
is to be dragged before a military tribunal is to
say that our fathers foughtduring the Revolution
in vain. We are now, as long as this state of
things lasts, in no better condition than the sub-
jects of the Turkish empire; not in as good a
condition as the subjects of the Emperor of France,
if any one can, at the instance of any detective of
the Government, be cast into prison, and when-
ever he may think proper, or the military may
think proper, brought out and tried by a military
commission who do not know what the rules of
evidence are, or who, if they do know, in general
utterly disregard them. I have done, sir^
Mr. STEWART. I do not desire to make a
speech on this subject; but I think this section is
of such a remarkable character that it ought not
to pass without a protest or comment. The sec-
tion implies, in the first place, that there is an
evil which Congress is called upon lo redress; a
wrong that demands this action on our part; that
the Administration is committing such outrages
that it is necessary for Congress to interpose and
prevent its carrying out the policy which it ha«
been carrying out for years. We are called upon
here to pass a vote of condemnation upon the Ad-
ministration of the country for the last four years.
On the last night of the session we are called upon
to admit as true what was charged upon us in the
canvass, and what we met upon every slump
throughout the United States, that the Govern-
ment of the United States has become a despot-
ism; that they are guilty of arbitrary arrests and
unjust punishments. We combated that charga
throughout the presidential canvass; and we,
some of whom were elected on that very issue,
are now called upon, I repeat,at the close of the
session to admit that our enemies were right and
we were wrong. It is no new thing. It is the
issue that was made in the last canvass before the
people, and upon which the verdict of the people
was rendered—a verdict grander in its character
and more sublime in conception than any the
world has ever seen; of a free people, after four
years of trial and of war, going forward to tha
ballot-box, and by the ballot-box declaring that
that condition of things should bp continued. Tha
reason why that verdict was cast was because the
American people loved the Constitution arid the
laws. They loved that Constitution that gives
them the right of trial by jury. They loved that
Constitution which enables the Government to
maintain its own existence. Tliey believed that
the Constitution, when fairly construed, does en-
able this Government to defend itself against its
enemies.
Now, look at the cunning, I may say the very
artful, construction here intended to be given. It
is said that this section is a fair construction of the
Constitution. I have only examined this ques-
tion since it has been brought up here, and I did not
know that such a question could be brought be-
fore us until this evening. It is said that this
section is a just exposition of the Constitution;
that the Constitution only allows those actually
mustered or commissioned into the military ser-
vice, or those charged with being spies, to be tried
and punished by military commissions. I should
like to ask, where do you find in the Constitution
a provision whereby those who are charged with
being rebel spies can be punished by a military
commission? If the construction which the gen-
tleman from Maryland seeks to place on this in-
strument means that none except those in tha
military or naval service shall be tried and pun-
ished by a military commission, where do you
find the authority to punish spies? " Oh," it is
said, " but they are rebel enemies; we have got
to give the Constitution some construction; it
does not mean exactly what it says; it has not
provided for every contingency of war; it does
not contain the full Articles of War; we must
give it a reasonable construction; it must include
rebel spies; it would be unreasonable to say other-
wise."' Very well; if it would be unreasonable
to say that it does not include rebel spies among
those who may be tried and punished by a mili-
tary commission, is it not equally unreasonable
to say that it does not include a secret enemy that
has not declared himself a rebel, but who is plot-
ting the ruin of his country?
Mr. President, but for the suspension of the
writ of habeas corpus, but for the strong arm of tha
war power, but for the enforcement of that power
in this country, there would be no country to-
day. We should not he here to-night but for the
exercise of the war powers. Before we deliber-
ately come forward and, in face of the verdict of
the people, censure an Administration that has
held the helm of the ship of State through this
terrific storm,- this great trial of republican insti-
tutions, which in the end promises so much for
the cause of human liberty, and declare that tha
exercise of this military power for the preserva-
tion of the nation, for the preservation of the
great Republic, has been wrong, violent, oppres-
sive, and wicked, let us pause. I am not pre-
pared to take such a step.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. I rise to ask the Senate
either to pass this bill without further debate, or
to lay it on the table. It will be scarcely possible
now to engross it with the various amendments
that have been put upon it, and unless we can
have a vote on the various propositions ofamend-
ment vet to be offered without debate, we might
as well save time by considering the bill as lost
and taking a recess.
