1374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
who are now detained for trial by courts-martial
will be released and liberated. It is impossible that
8ueh should not be the result. It is not necessary
that the statute should in terms declare that they
should be released; it is sufficient if the statute be
such that they cannot be tried in that form; if they
cannot be thus tried, they must, from the very
terms of the statute, be released and liberated.*
Had it not been for the salutary use of this re-
straining power on the part of the Executive as
Commander-in-Chief of the Army, it is, I think,
no news to say to the Senator from Illinois that
the very city in which he resides would have
been reduced to a mass of ctndersand ashes dur-
ing the sitting of the Chicago convention, for it
is perfectly well known, as well established as
any fact can be, that on that occasion there were
thousands of conspirators who came over from
Canada, where they had been hatching their plots
against the United States, and for the very pur-
pose of firing that town, liberating the prisoners
confined at Camp Douglas, and doing other acts
of mischief and destruction. Had it not been for
the same protective, the same tutelary power
which theSenatornowdenounces so bitterly, and
of which he has heretofore spoken in this body
in terms of approbation and praise on more than
one occasion, the very dwelling of that Senator
would have been laid in ashes by the hands of
just such wretches as these military courts and
commissions are intended to punish. Now, sir,
away with this mawkish, affected sensibility in
regard to courts-martial. If there be any fault
connected with them, and connected with the
Administration on accountof them, it is thatthey
have not been used with sufficient vigor and vigi-
lance. That is my opinion. The rigors belong-
ing to martial law are in a moment of war and
public danger the only restraining power suffi-
cient to compel obedience to law and order. I
will not trespass on the time of the Senate longer.
I am glad the motion has been made to strike out
that section so anomalous in a statute making
appropriations.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall not certainly speak
long. The honorable Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Trumbull] dilates at length, and treats us to his
fears of and his contempts for provost marshals.
Well, sir, I never heard itfrom that source before
done so well; I have often heard it in the Senate
since I have had a seat here, and I have heard it
all over the country; but I never knew until now
that the shadow of a provost marshal frightened
the honorable Senator from Illinois. Did a pro-
vost marshal ever arrest the Senator? Has he
been detained by a provost marshal? Has the
honorable Senator from Michigan been arrested
on his way fiom Washington to home or back
by a provost marshal? Have you or I, sir? It
maybe that now and then provost marshals miss
their gameand strike an innocentman; butuhas
been morp frequent that they have missed the base
conspirators who have filled the country in or-
ganized gangs blurting professions to the Union
anU respect for the Constitution, and yet engaged
in tearing both down. It is against such that
provost marshals have been organized. It is
against such that provost marshals should have
performed their duties more effectually than they
iiave done.
We are told by the honorable Senator from Il-
linois that nothing has so injured the cause of the
Union,nothing has so injured the Administration
of the country since the war began,as the system
of " arbitrary arrests." No, Mr. President, noth-
ing has injured the Administration and the cause
of the Union, since the war bpgan, more than
timorousness and fear, for there has not been a
time when the administrative power in any of its
branches has come up to the high tone of the mass
of Uni people. It is in the integrity, in the un-
selfish patriotism, in the innate, inborn, instinct-
ive zeal of the masses of the poor citizens of this
land that we have found protection and security.
.The faults of the Administration have been in
coming short of meeting this high-toned, this de-
termined patriotism existing in the body of the
peo pie.
It is true, Mr. President, that the actions of
provost marshals and the acts of the Administra-
tion have been declaimed against; but by whom?
Either for the base purpose of building up and
organizing party in the country pending war, or
for the meaner purpose and mtent of subvert-
ing the Government of the country. No hon-
est man fears any and every effort during war
that goes to strengthen the national arm. Only
wretches, only cowards, stand in dread. Sir, the
last election by the American people, one of the
great consummations of which we are to witness
perhaps in this Hall to-morrow, is testimony
better than that of the honorable Senator from
Illinois that the Administration, the War Depart-
ment, the provost marshals, have not transcended
the proper bounds since this war began.
Sir, I have little respect for these croakings
and these pretentious exhibitions of regard for
constitutional law. Give me a country, give me
a society, give me a noble people, and 1 will give
you, or they will give you, a Constitution; but
destroy the integrity of a people, render them
base, let them become detestable and properly
subject to the scorn of honest men, and you have
neither a people nor a Constitution; you are not
an example longer to mankind; you become the
scorn, the by-word,of the world. The work of
the great American fathers was never intended to
degenerate into this, but it was intended to cul-
minate grandly and gloriously down to the end of
time.
Sir, I frequently hear leerings against the en-
thusiasm of men who feel. It is the acts of the
men who feel that have preserved us, and through
whose devotion and truthfulness we stand here
to-night.
But, Mr. President, I did notintend to consume
the time of theSenate, and i know that I transcend
in doing so. I will simply say that rather than
allow this section to pass, rather than that the
Congress of which I am a member should know-
ingly adopt this section, and plant the condemna-
tion of its expression upon the best acts of our
people for four years past,- I would see this ap-
propriation bill and all the others that you have
passed sunk into perdition. You cannot taint the
bill before you with this miserable and disgrace-
ful attack upon the patriotism of the land, and get
my vote for it. It is a poor compliment at this
time for us law-makers to pay to the men who
have been our agents, the men who have been the
mediums through winch we have acted in all this
great contest, that we now turn about and defin-
itively say to them, " You have violated liberty,
you have outraged law, you have pulled down
the great edifice of civil liberty, and we reproach
you thus for it." Such an act, Mr. President,
can have no vote of mine.
Mr. GRIMES. I desired to say a few words
on this subject, and had intended to do so; but 1
am admonished by the lateness of the hour, or
rather the early hour [half past one o'clock a m.]
at which we are holding our session, and also by
the fact that the subject has been ably argued on
all sides, that it would be a work of supereroga-
tion for me to address the Senate at this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have got to remain
together.
Mr. GRIMES. X do not understand that we
have to remain.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Army appropriation
bill is behind.
Mr. GRIMES. There are several other meas-
ures besides this that ought to be passed. It is
necessary that this bill should be passed at some
time, in order to have a committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses and
have it enrolled. If we wish to have an extra
session, if we desire to come back here in the
course of ten or fifteen days, we had better con-
tinue this debate. If we do not, I think we had
better take the vote. I have a great anxiety to
speak, but for that reason 1 shall decline to do so.
Mr. HLN 0RICKS. I cannot think of abusing
the patience of the Senate by attempting an ar-
gument at this hour of the night; yet I deem it
proper, because of some things that have been
said by my colleague, to claim the attention of
the Senate for a brief period.
From the argument which has been indulged
in one would think this was the first time this
subject had been spoken of in the Senate. I beg
leave to call the attention of Senators to the very
proposition that is now before us which has been
denounced with c|uite as much passion as judg-
ment. This section provides that hereafter no
person shall be tried by court-martial or military
commission in any State or Territory where the
courts of the United States are open, except per-
sons actually mustered or in commission in the
service of the United States, or enemies charged
with being spies, and a modification acceptable
to myself is proposed by the Senator from Illi-
nois. Just two years ago to-day the Senate of
the United States agreed to quite this much, and
prescribed a penalty for the violation of the very
principles defined in this section. When the Sen-
ate of the United States, two years ago, agreed that
the President might suspend the writ of habeas
corpus, it was not unconditionally and without
restrictions, but it was with such provisions as
would yet secure the liberty of the citizen; and
although the statute has been referred to, 1 feel
justified, because of the importance of the ques-
tion, in referring to it again. After authorizing
the President to suspend the writ of kabeas corpus,
that law goes on to provide:
"That the Secretary of State and the Secretary of War
be, and they are hereby, directed, as soon a  may be prac-
ticable, to furnish to the judges of tlio chcuit ami district
courts of the United States and tho District ot Columbia a
listof the names of all persons, citizens ot States in which
tho administration of the laws ha^ continued unimpaired
in the said Fedora! courts, who are now, or may hereafter
be, held as prisoners of the United States, by order or au-
thority of tiie President of the United States, or either of
said Secretaries, in any fort, arsenal, or other place, as
State or political prisoners, or otherwise than as prisoners
of war; the said list to contain the names of all those who
reside inthe respective jurisdictions of said judges, or who
may bo deemed by the said Secretaries, or either ol them,
to have violated any law of the United States in any of
said jurisdictions, and also the date of each arrest; the
Secretaij of State to furnish a list of such persons as are
imprisoned by the order or authority of the President, acting
through the State Department, and the Secretary of War a
iist of such as are imprisoned by the ordoi or authomy of
the President, acting thiough the Department of War. And
in all cases where a grand jury, having attended any of said
courts having jurisdiction in the premises after the passage
of tins act, and after the furnishing of said list, as afore-
said, has terminated its session without finding an indict-
ment, or presentment, or other proceeding agaimt am «uch
person, it shall be the duty of the judge ot said court'forth-
with to make an order that any such prisoner desiring a
discharge fiom said imprisonment be brought before htrnto
be discharged; and every officerof the United Status-having
custody of such prisoner is hereby directed immediately to
obey and execute baid judge's order; and in case he shall
delay or refu%e so to do, lie shall be subject to indictment
for a misdemeanor, and be punished by a fine of not Ie>«
than $500 andimpnsonment in the common jail for a period
not less than six months, in the discretion of ihecouif:
Provided, however, That no person shall be discharged by
virtue of the provisions of this act until after he or stye shall
have taken an oath of allegiance to the Government of tho
United States, and to auppoit the Constitution thereof; and
that lie or she will not hereafter in any way encourage or
give aid and comfort to the present rebellion or the support-
ed theieof."
It is farther provided in this law, but I will not
detain the Senate by reading it, that if the Secre-
tary of State or War shall neglect to make return
of the persons held as described, to the proper
court, the parlies imprisoned shall upon their own
motion be brought before the judge, and upon a
hearing shall be dischaiged. What has been the
condition and state of the law since the enactment
of this statute up to the present time, and what is
the law of the case now? That a man may be
arrested at the pleasure of any military officerand
put upon trial before any court-martial or mili-
tary commission ? By no means. The President
may order an arrest; thus far the writ of habeas
corpus is suspended; but there is a substitute
furnished for the writ of habeas corpus by this
very law that many of you,Senators, enacted, I
had no part in the enactment of this law, nor I
suppose had the Senator from California, who is
so very earnest in his appeals here to-night; but
many of you, Senators, helped to enact this law.
You would not say that the ancient guard and
protection of the liberty of the citizen, the writ
of habeas corpus, should be unconditionally sus-
pended. You allowed it to he suspended for a lime
until the courts should meet, and then on the meet-
ing of the court you required the party to be
brought before the judge, and if no indictment
were found against him lie should be discharged
upon the order of the court. No trial was con-
templated; simply a holding, a holding until the
court should come around and the giand jury
should be in session, and if that grand jury found
no bill the order was (as it would have been upon
the trial of a writ of habeas corpus) that the party
should be discharged.
Does any Senator regret that action ? My col-
league helped toenact this law; he, two years ago
to-night, by his deliberate vote said, "No man
shall be arrested and tried before a military court
unless he is, according to the spirit of our Con-
