THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
10. h
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. HIVES, "WASHINGTON, D-, 0.
Thirtt-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 7, 1865.
New Series....JNfp, 39.,
AMENDMENT OF ENROLLMENT ACTS.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, re-
sumed the consideration of the bill (S. No. 408)
in addition to the several acts for enrolling and
calling out the national forces, and for other pur-
poses, the pending question being on the amend-
ments of Mr. Buckalew, to amend the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Military-
Affairs, by adding the following as an-additional
section:
Sec.—. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the third section
of the act entitled "An act further to regulate and piovide
for the enrolling and calling out of the national forces, and
for other pui poses," appioved July 4,1804, be, and the buine
is hereby, repealed.
I\ir. DAVIS. Mr. President, I had remarked
"that f was one of those who believed that the
white soldier was more efficient in battle and in
all the service of a soldier, except probably man-
ual labor, than the negro. The objection now
made is not to the enlistment of negro soldiers,
but to the substitution of negro soldiers for white
soldiers. I believe that the intelligent free white
men of Massachusetts, of any northern State, and
of any State in the Union, are a superior order of
soldiery to the negroes of Alabama and of Geor-
gia. The sense in which I desire this repeal to
take place is this: that the effect of the provision
proposed to be repealed is to exclude the intelli-
gent, superior soldiery of the northern States, and
of all the States, from the Army to some extent,
and to make an inefficient negro soldiery their
substitutes. I object to that. If the Government
or the Senate desire negro soldiers to be recruited
and to be brought into the Army, be it so; but let
them be bioughtin on accountofthe United Suites,
and not of any particular State. Let them come
in as soldiers of the Republic at large, and not of
Massachusetts or any particular State.
Now, sir, if this measure is not repealed, what
is the condition of the States relatively ? There
are some States too poor in their revenues and in
their resources to oner large and attractive boun-
ties. Here is the State of Massachusetts, that has
so much aggregated wealth that the bounties in
that State in various forms in the aggregate, as I
understood at the lust session, amounted to fiom
ten to fifteen hundred dollars per man. Here then
is the State of Indiana, or the State of Kentucky,
that has not the means to offer such large and allur-
ing bounties for white or negro soldiers. Massa-
chusetts has these means. She goes down into
the South, and with her large bounties is enabled
to recruit negro soldiers to an extent sufficient to
exonerate her whole white population from mili-
tary service, or, at any rate, to exonerate to a.
considerable extent her white population from
military service. The effcct is that money can
buy an inferior soldiery, und the law now pro-
posed to be repealed allows that inferior soldiery
to be substituted for the superior soldiery; in
other words, the negro substitute exempts the
white man upon whom the draft would otherwise
devolve. Suppose the quota of Massachusetts is
twenty thousand under the new draft, and she is
enabled to substitute ten thousand southern ne-
gioes for that number of her white population.
Would the United States make anything by the
exchange? Would it or not be a bad bargain?
Would it or not be the substitution of an inferior
for a superior soldiery?
The argument that that measure brings the ne-
gro soldier into the field is not a good argument;
it is not tiue in point of fact. The negro can be
brought into the field without the benefit of the sec-
tion which is now proposed to be repealed. In the
county of Bourbon, in which I reside, over eight
hundred negro soldiers have been recruitcd into
the service, and they have not been recruited into
the service by the operation of the law which the
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania now pro-
poses to repeal. I venture the opinion that if
there were one hundred thousand intelligent white
men, such as can be drafted or procured by vol-
unteering in the northern States, in one army,
and one hundred and fifty thousand southern ne-
groes in an opposing army, and they were led by
39
officers of equal skill and ability in war, the one
hundred thousand white soldiers would be an
overmatch for the one hundred and fifty thousand
negro soldiers. Therefore, sir, I am m favor of
the repeal of this provision which was intended
to operate for the benefit of Massachusetts and
the other northern States that have ample funds
out of which to give large bounties. It operates
in their favor by allowing them to enlist, to buy-
yes, sir, to enter into the slave traffic, to enter into
the purchase of negroes, and to buy negro sol-
diers for their surplus money, and to substitute
those negro inferior soldiers and exonerate their
white men from service in the field.
Upon that ground I am in favor of this repeal.
My objection is not that under it negroes are put
into the army. I have made the objection to ne-
gro soldiers heretoforeoften,butithasbeen over-
ruled a hundred times, and I acquiesce in the de-
cision of the Senate and of the nation that negroes
are to go into the army. That is not my objection
to this measure; but my objection is that every
negro thus brought into the army excludes a
white man, who would make a superior soldier,
from it. They are a more expensive soldier than
the white soldier. All the army reports prove
that. They are more destructive upon arms, upon
clothing; more wasteful in all the munitions and
supplies of war than a white soldiery are; and
an aggregate of one hundred thousand negro
soldiers would be much more expensive to main-
tain than one hundred thousand white soldiers.
I want the superior soldier, the more economical
and less expensive soldier to be brought into the
field, and that he shall not be excluded by the
inferior negro soldier being bought by the money
of Massachusetts or of any other State.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I certainly
would not have introduced thiscontroverted point
of the last session now, hut since it is before us
I feel bound to vote according to my convictions
on the subject. It will be well remembered by
the Senate that on severaldecisive votes a decided
majority of the Senate were opposed to sending
State agents into the southern States to enlist ne-
gro soldiers. It was the almost unanimous desire
of the Senate to enlist all the negro troops possi-
ble, but it was the opinion of a large majority
that those soldieis when enlisted should not be
credited to a particular State, but ought to be en-
tered into the service as United States volunteeis.
The objection to sending agents to the southern
States was that it created an unhealthy competi-
tion and strife and contention which would prob-
ably interfere with the public service or the proper
employment of negroes in the southern States.
That was my conviction then; it is my conviction
now. 1 have conversed with many officers on the
subject since, and they have uniformly informed
me that wherever these agents came they created
embarrassment, struggle, strife, and contention.
In one case a general officer told me thata few ne-
groes who had been employed in the quartermas-
ter's service, where their services were as valua-
ble as they could be in any capacity, were actu-
ally taken away from Memphis, Tennessee, by
the offer of large bounties, transported in Gov-
ernment vessels, taken to a remote State, there
enlisted into the service of the United States, cred-
ited to that State, and carried back to the same
place where their services were less valuable in
their new capacity than they were befoic all this
money had been expended upon them.
At the same time we have no right tocomplain
of Massachusetts or any other State in this re-
gard. This is not a question affecting a particu-
lar State. If the Governor of Massachusetts is
more active in availing himself of the privilege
conferred by the law than others, wc have no right
to complain of it. If Governor Andiewis always
first at the feast, we have no right to complain,
because the law of the last session, which was
passed against the decisive vote of the Senate, and
passed by the agency of a committee of confer-
ence, gave to the Governor of Massachusetts and
the State of Massachusetts the legal right to en-
list these negroes, and if they are more active than
other States we have no right to complain. The
fault is in the system.
Reference has beenmad'e to a letter by General
Sherman, which was published. I know from
him, 9s wejl as from his public communications,
that these attempts to enlist negro soldiers in the
arm y of the Mississippi created embarrassments,
until finally he had to compel them to leave his
lines. There was a competition between the
agents of the different States offering these in-
creased bounties, sometimes more, sometimes
less, creating a strife right in his own army, so
that it was necessary for him in order to preserve
military discipline in his camp to exclude these
State agents altogether. It was not done out of
any disrespect of Congress-, but simply to pre-
serve military order.
The reason given by the honorable Senatorfrom
Massachusetts for this law at the last session does
not now apply. He said then that it was desirable
to get these negroes in the service of the United
States, (and that I conceded;) and he said that the
military authorities of the United States would not
enlist them; that some ofour military officers were
opposed to the enlistment of negroes, and would
not promote their enlistment; and it was said
that in the army oftheMississippi no efforts were
made to enlist negro soldiers. That is not now
the case. Every general officer, from the high-
est to the lowest, so far as 1 know, is in favor of
enlisting negroes in our Army. There never was
any objection to it in my mind; and from the be-
ginning of this war I believed it was the policy
of the Government to employ negro laborers and
negro soldiers. There is not now an officer in
the service but what is willing and anxious to
promote the employment of negro soldiers. I
have here an order issued recently, dated t( Head-
quarters Military Division of the Mississippi, in
the field, Savannah, Georgia, January 10, 1865,"
in which it is made the express duty of all the
military officers in that army to encourage the
enlistment of negro soldiers, from which I will
read an extract. In speaking of the condition of
the negroes, it is declared:
" By the lawn of war and orders of the President of the
United States the negro is free, and must be dealt with as
such. Ilti euunot be subjected to conscription or forced
military mjivicc, save by the wntten oider* of the highest
military authority of the Department, under such regula-
tions u> tin* Pie-.idcntor Oongiess may prescribe. Domestic
blacksmiths, caip<Miters, and other mechanics,
'will he tiee to select their own work and residence; hut
the young and able-bodied negroes must be encouraged to
enlist a<« s-oldiers ht the service of the United States, to con-
tribute their share toward maintaining their own freedom
and securing their rights as citizens of the United States.
Negroes  o enlisted wtJI be organized into companies, bat-
talions, and regiments, under the orders of the United States
military authorities, and will he paid, fed, and clothed, ac-
cording to law. The bounties paid on enlistment may, with
the consent of the reciuii, go to assist his family and set-
tlement in procuring agricultural implement's, seed, tools,
boots, clothing, and other uiucles necessary lor their live-
lihood.''
Now, Mr. President, when it is not only the
law, but when it is the practice of ail our general
officers in the field, to enlist these soldiers in tho
service of the United States, why should we send
the agents of the States down there to compete
with our own enlisting servants? It seems to
me the mostridiculous proceeding that can possi-
bly be had. When these negroes enter our ser-
vice in Georgia,they do not costtheGovernment
anything; we pay them no bounties; they are will-
ing to enter the service to fight for their liberty.
But when you allow the agent of the State of
Ohio, or any other agent, to go and enlist those
negioes, the United States pay to each one of
them a bounty; they are transported in Govern-
ment vessels, perhaps not according to law, but
they are necessarily transported from the scene
of operations back to the State where they are
enrolled and enlisted, and credited to the State,
and finally sentback. Ail this enormous expense
is had without any occasion and without any ne-
cessity, and probably they are sent back to per-
form the same duty after a three or four months'*
voyage northward and back again. It seems to
me a very ridiculous and absurd farce.
