THE OiN'GliKSSHtNAl GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. HIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2p Session.
SATURDAY, MARCH 4, 1865.
New Series No, 8?.
I do not think either that it makes much differ-
ence if we allow that the superior officers con-
cerned in these proceedings are honest and pa-
triotic, because the defects are in the tribunals
themselves and in the mode and manner in which
they try to administer justice. They lack that
element of fairness which constitutes the distin-
guishing characteristic of our race, and which
forever impels them to seek for a system which
on this score will leave to the criminal himself
nothing of which he can complain. Even his
mouth ought to be closed in the presence of the
strict impartiality and tender consideration given
to his case; and when this is achieved, as it is in
the courts of law, the art of governing has attained
the utmost perfection of which it is capable.
I have listened with pain to the remarks of
some Senators, who seem to be of opinion that
so far from there being any just cause of com-
plaint on account of these courts-martial, they
are salutary in their operation and indispensable
in the present crisis of our affairs. The honor-
able Senator from California was exceedingly
passionate and full of invective on this subject.
Now I understand that two or three years ago he
was a Democrat, and I have no doubt honest in
his belief.
Mr. CONNESS. Allow me to say to the Sen-
ator that I am now a Democrat.
Mr. COWAN. I suppose so, but I wish to
put in a practical point of view the working of
this mode of administering criminal justice. If,
then, a Democrat in California, impregnated with
his peculiar notions, should get into a discussion
with a member of the party in power, and assail
the Administration, as he had always been in the
•habit of doing, as matter of right, this of course
would annoy his adveisary, and if the dispute ran
high, might lead him to seek the aid of the law
to strengthen his argument; but he, being wiser
than his anger, would refuse its assistance. What
.shall then be done? Is the Government power-
less to protect itself against seditious and treason-
able words,, and must we wait, as the law waits,
for the overt act before the blatant Democratcan
be punished ? Here then is a contingency in
which it is thought necessary to invoke the aid
of the military, and the hot and impetuous pro-
vost marshal, who feels the weightof the nation's
late on his shoulders, listens to the complaint,
arrests the offender, flings him into confinement,
or carries him a%vay to some distant point, there
to await such further disposition of him as may be
determined upon. In the mean time all the facts
of the case are exaggerated and distorted, the dan-
ger to the country from these seditious babblers is
magnified, and all the worse passions are aroused
into a desire for summary punishment.
Now, I should like to hear the Senator from
California, if put in this position, speaking either
for himself or another, and protesting against this
outrageous violation of -the rights of the citizen.
Mr. CONNESS. Allow me to say thatsince the
beginning of this war there have been a great many
Democrats arrested in my State, but they were
very much like such Democrats as my friend from
Pennsylvania. They were not my kind of Dem-
ocrats. That kind is not arrested there; but my
friend's class of Democrats is arrested very often
and taken care of.
Mr. COWAN. I am ofopinion the Senator from
California will hardly ever be subjected to the
fate of which I have spoken, for if I do not very
much mistake his character he will always be
found first to bow the suppliant knee at the foot-
stool of power. He will always keep himself
under the gabardine of him who reigns.
Still 1 say that if he were counsel in such acase
as I have described you could not imagine the
vehemence with which he would assert the con-
stitutional rights of the citizen. Would he not
insist that if he had committed a crime against the
law that fact must be ascertained in the mode
pointed out in the law? That to pretend to as-
certain it in any other way was an insult to the
majesty of the nation, and in itself the highest of
all offenses?
87
Sir, I have put the case of one who had in fact
committed no offense at all against the law; but
it makes no difference even if he had committed
the highest of ail crimes, the wrong is just the
same on the part of those who unlawfully usurp
the power to try and punish him. What possible
right has anybody to wrest from the custody of
the law a criminal and inflict punishment upon
him? In well-ordered States the populace is not
allowed even to insult a murderer taken with the
blood of murder upon him, nor on his trial, nor
afterhisconviction,and noteven at the footof the
gallows.
On the other hand, it is in the sacred observ-
ance of the law, the decentand reverential respect
it exacts from all, and the sober, solemn majesty ot
its demeanor, which makes the people yield it all
these; but they never accord them to a usurper.
For instance, a man has been tried and convicted
lately by a court-martial for fraud in his dealings
with one of the Departments of the Government.
He was a resident of Boston, and his crime, if he
were guilty of it, was one which at this time is
particularly odious, and which, if punished le-
gally, would have given universal satisfaction.
As it is, however, dissatisfaction exists, murmurs
are heard everywhere; we have heard them even
in this Chamber. Why? Because people lack
confidence in these courts, and they have no faith
that the proceedings were fair.
Now, take a case from the same State which
occurred some years ago. One of the professors
of one her colleges, a man of good character and
high standing, was arrested for murder, taken
into the proper court, and tried according to the
forms and ceremonies of the law. The chief jus-
tice presided, the jurors were challenged, the wit-
nesses weie examined and cross-examined, the
counsel were heard, and all was done patiently
and painfully that Massachusetts couid do to
shield him if innocent. The theory of his guilt,
however, was overpowering, and excluded every
other hypothesis. He was condemned and exe-
cuted as solemnly as if the whole had been a re-
ligious sacrifice, and the people bowed in acqui-
escence and without regret.
Mr. CONNESS. Will my friend allow me to
ask for the name of the party to whom he has
reference in Massachusetts?
Mr. COWAN. Does not the Senator know?
If he does not, I will state the name.
Mr. CONNESS. Is it Smith, who was tried
for frauds connected with the Navy Department?
Mr. COWAN. No,sir; I am referring to the
case of Dr. Webster.
Mr. CONNESS. I understood that reference;
but I was inquiring as to the other one.
Mr. COWAN. Smith has been imprisoned,
I believe 
Mr. GRIMES. I trust the Senator from Cal-
ifornia will not interrupt the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, who is charged as one of the members
of the Finance Committee with securing the pas-
sage of all these appropriation bills, and is now
making a speech in the Senate for the purpose of
accomplishing that object. [Laughter.]
Mr. COWAN. For the purpose, Mr. Presi-
dent, of carrying that bill entire as it came from
the Committee on Finance, and for the purpose
of sustaining here and everywhere the great prin-
ciples which are involved in that section of the bill
which it is now proposed to strike out. I would
not have put it in this bill if I had had my own
way about it, but it is there, and being there I will
vote for it. I will vote for it there, anywhere,
at all times, and under all circumstances, simply
because I believe it is wholesome, wise, benefi-
cent, and conservative of the best interests of the
country.
Mr. CONNESS. Will my friend allow me
now to ask him whether the party he meant was
a Mr. Smith, of Boston, who was convictsd bya
court-martial ?
Mr. COWAN. I have said so.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe he was convicted
before th> last election in Massachusetts; washe
not?
Mr. COWAN. I do not know, indeed.
Mr. CONNESS. And I think the majority in
that State after his conviction was some seventy
thousand.
Mr. COWAN. I think that gentlemen who
attempt to draw the inference that because the
people supported the Administration at the last
election, they therefore supported all these trials
by courts-martial all over the country, and all the
doings of provost marshals'and of military offi-
cers, in derogation of the courts of justice, make
a very great mistake. The American people in
sustaining the Administration at the last election
were moved bya much higher and a much nobler
impulse than that. It does not follow because
a man condemns and reflects upon his friends
when they do what he thinks to be wrong, that ha
therefore abandons them.
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to ask one ques-
tion. Was not the question of military arrests
one of the issues placed in the platform on which
Mr. McClellan ran at the last election ?
Mr. COWAN. Yes, and I know,too, the an-
swer. That allegation in the mouth of a friend of
General McClellan was met immediately by say-
ing, " You did it first; your candidate was the first
man to make these arrests; he arrested the Mary-
land Legislature," and thus the wind was taken
out of the sails of the McClellan men the moment
complaint was made on that subject. That was
not the issue, and it was not an issue which had
any influence in the contest. The contest, as I
said, rested on entirely different considerations,
and I beg gentlemen will not lay that flattering
unction to their souls that because the people in-
dorsed the Administration generally, they did it
particularly and in detail,because that is nottrue.
Our people are sensible people, and when they
deal with a matter of this kind they deal with it
as a whole, and not partially. They decided that
upon the whole it was better to continue the pres-
ent Administration for another term,but they do
riot mean to say that they approved of every tiling
that was done by it. No friend of the Adminis-
tration that I have ever heard speak on this floor
has said that he approved of everything it did,
and I think nobody but a sycophant and a slavo
wouldsay so,whetherit methisapprobationornot.
Mr. CLARIC. I want to appeal now to the
Senate to come to a vote. It is perhaps the last
possible moment we can spare if we mean to pass
this bill, and I appeal to Senators to make an ef-
fort to pass it by coming directly to a vote, rather
than risk an extra session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall not detain the Sen-
ate long, but 1 have struggled for some time to
get the floor to reply to a remark of 
Mr. MORGAN. Will the Senator allow me
to make a report from acommittee of conference?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. GRIMES. I object to a suspension of
this bill for anything until we get through with
it. I do not attribute any such design to the Sen-
ator from New York, but I have noticed that sev-
eral Senators, after they have got rid of the busi-
ness immediately in their hands in this way liavo
turned in and treated to speeches for an hour or
an hour and a half.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the Senator from
New York 13 entitled tothefloor to make hi''report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. ("Vter
in the chair.) The Senator from New^'ci1; has
been recognized by the Chair.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask for the reading of the
rule by which business can be suspended.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was upon the floor.
The Senator from New York asked me to give
way to him. I did so, and that entitled him to
the floor. Now, I think the Senator from Iowa
is out of order in seeking to prevent the Senator
from New York making his report.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
receive the report of the Senator from New York.
SUBSISTENCE DEPARTMENT.
Mr. MORGAN, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the 'wo Houses
