1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Bit
allow them to be provided for. But, sir, I do not
Want to take time on this subject.
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly, casos might
occur where it would be a hardship to inflict even
the least of these penalties on an offender, but
the honorable Senator knows perfectly well that
in cases of such hardship it is very easy to apply
for executive clemency, and it never would be
withheld in a case which had merits. There are
hardships in every criminal law. If the objection
which is raised against this amendment is a good
one, why would it not apply in the case of mur-
der? Still, in cases of murder, I am sure there
are very few States in the Union that do not fix
a specific and minimum punishment for the crime;
and we all know that it frequently happens, such
is the fallibility of human nature, such is the in-
firmity of juries and courts, that a person may
be convicted of that heinous crime who is abso-
lutely innocent of it. There have been numer-
ous cases of men who have been taken to the
scaffold and executed, as innocent as you and I of
a charge of murder.
But in this case it seems to me we ought to
hold up to the view of the offender the certainty
of punishment, the absolute certainty that if he
is convicted of any one of these offenses created
by the statute he will at least receive some punish-
ment. Otherwise you but hold out to him, as it
seems to me, the temptation to use the ill-gotten
gains which he has in his pocket, and which he
has been filching from the honest soldier, for the
pui pose of influencing the vei y court itself which
H is to try him, for the very purpose of bribing the
tribunal before whom he may be brought. It
strikes me that we ought to let him understand
that he is to undergo some punishment absolutely
unless he can make out such a case to the Exec-
utive as will entitle him to executive clemency.
Mr. BUCKALEW. The question is, I be-
lieve,on imposing a minimum punishment in this
ca^e wherever there may be a conviction. In the
caseof a great many bills that have been before
the Senate at this session, a minimum punishment
has been stricken out, upon the policy of allow-
ing punishments to be exactly proportioned to
the character of the offense as may be shown on
the trial. Believing that to be a good policy as a
general rule in our legislation, I shall vote against
the amendment of the Senator from Michigan.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Brown, t'handlei, Clark, CoJlamer,
Comics55, Dixon, Faiwell, Grime*, Ilarlan, Harris, How-
ard, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansa-, Moigan,
MoinlJ, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sheiman, Stewart, Suni-
nei,aiul VVihon—33.
NAYS—Messrs Anthony, fHickalc-w, CaililP, Cowan,
Davis, Fo*t<jr, Hale, Henderson, Ilendtick*, Johnson,
Powell, y.ml&buiv, Trumbull, and VVri«ht—J4.
A BriISN'T—Mrj-j-rs. Doohtde, Foot, Ilarding, Ilicks, Mc-
Dougal!, Ne^imth, Richardson, Riddle, Sprague,Ten liyek,
Van Winkle, W.ide, Wilkinson, and Willey—14.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HALE. In that same section, in the sec-
ond line, I move to strike out the words " or other
person." The section now subjects "any re-
cruiting agent, substitute broker, or other per-
son," who may present an intoxicated or insane
man as a substitute with the penalties of military
trial by court-martial. I have suggested this
amendment to the chairman of the Committee
on Military Affairs, who does not see any objec-
tion to it. It leaves the military law operating
on recruiting agents and substitute brokers, and
subjects them to a trial by court-martial, and to
the penalty presented. Now, as I hear from my
friend from Michigan, in an undertone, that he is
opposed to the amendment, 1 want to state my
reasons for moving it.
One of the most difficult questions that have
ever presented themselves to the judiciary of this
country m all the States to settle is, what is in-
sanity? There are so many kinds of insanity,
moial insanity and insanity of various sorts, that
it lias been found to be one of the most embar-
lasMiig questions that have been presented to the
judiciary in this country in all the States. This
question, that taxes the learning of the wisest men
in the States, is to be subjected by this section of
the bill to the action and decision of a court-mar-
tiaf, and the whole people of the United States
who offer substitutes are to be subjected to trial
upon the question of the insanity of those substi-
tutes before a court-martial composed of seven
members, where four may convict, the judge ad-
vocate or prosecuting officer of the Government
constituting part of the court and being with them
during their deliberations.
Then there is another question equally diffi-
cult to settle, when is a man intoxicated ? and that
is to be subjected to inquiry by a court-martial,
and if an individual offers a substitute thata ma-
jority of four out of the seven members of a court-
martial find was intoxicated, and he knew it, he
is to go to the penitentiary for two years, for you
must remember that the punishments by imprison-
ment following the sentences of courts-martial are
executed by imprisonment in penitentiaries, and
it is just the same as if the law said they should
be subjected to imprisonment notexceeding two
years at hard labor in any penitentiary. These
are the most delicate questions, and the mostdif-
ficult to be decided that could possibly be pre-
sented to any judicial tribunal.
And in addition to these very difficult questions,
what is insanity and what is intoxication, there
is anotherquestion which nobodyshortof Infinite
Wisdom can pronounce certainly upon, and that
is, that tlie individual knew that the substitute he
offered was insane or was intoxicated. Itseems
to me that if you put this penalty upon the sub-
stitute broker, upon the recruiting agent, upon
those who go into that business, you go quite far
enough, without subjecting everybody thatoffers
a substitute to such a penalty before such a tribu-
nal. I remember not many years ago attending
a trial where the question was whether a man was
intoxicated or not. One set of witnesses on one
side testified that he was an intemperate man and
had been so for years, that they had known him,
and that he had so reduced and impaired his in-
tellect by intoxication that he was not capable to
do business. That was the testimony of the wit-
nesses on one side. Then there came up another
set of witnesses on the other side who testified
that they had known him equally as well as these
other witnesses for a long period of time, some
twenty years, and that they had never once seen
him intoxicated in all their lives. What was
the difficulty? They had different ideas of what
intoxication was. Some persons judge a man to
be intoxicated the moment he takes a single glass
of alcoholic drink, and others hold that he is not
intoxicated as long as he can walk a track, or very
nearly a track.
I do not want to trifle about these things; but I
think that this extending of the authoiity of mili-
tary tribunals over citizens not necessaiily con-
nected with the public service, has been carried
quite as far as the public service requires. But
in this case a citizen desirous of doing his duty
brings a substitute in good faith and offers him
and he is accepted; afterward it is alleged that the
substitute was intoxicated. There is no meas-
ure or standard by which that can be tried; it
exists only in the judgment of men. Some men
would hold thathe waspeifectlysober, whileother
men equally intelligent and equally honest might
think he was very much intoxicated. That ques-
tion is to be submitted to a court-martial, and if a
majority, four out of seven, find that the substi-
tute was intoxicated, the man who put him in is
to be subjected to two years' imprisonment in the
penitentiary or a fine of $1,000. It is an enor-
mous penalty that may be inflicted upon a decis-
ion of one of the nicest questions that could pos-
sibly be presented to the consideration of any
tribunal, and one that, as 1 said before, has en-
gaged the attention and taxed the faculties of the
wisest and best men that have ever tried cases. I
think such questions legitimately belong to the
civil tribunals, and that it is not safe and prudent
to transfer them in the ca&o of citizens, men who
come honestly to perfoim tlieir duty, to the judg-
ment of a court-martial.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope, sir, the words will
not be stricken out, but will be permitted to stand.
I see no danger such ns that which seems to be
apprehended by the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire. Let us read the clause again, and
then we shall understand it:
That any recruiting ngent, substitute broker, or other
peison, who &hai! eniM,oz eau->e to be enlisted a* a volun- i
teor or substitute, any insane person,ot person in a eondi- ;
tion of intoxication, or a de^eiter from the military or na- |
val service, knowing him to be such. j
The whole question depends upon the knowl- :■
edge of the offender. Jf he enlists a drunken per- ii
son or an insane person or a deserter, knowing
him to be drunk or a deserter or insane at* the
time of committing the act, then he is punishable;
and if he does not know him to be such-at'the
time he enlists him or causes him to be enlis'ted,
he is not punishable. It seems to me that there
is no danger, under this language, of an innocent
person being punished for doing any one of these
three criminal acts. The question will be, in
each case, did the party know the person en-
listed to be a deserter, or know him to be drunk,
or know him to be insane at the time he enlisted
him? I submit that that language, " knowing
him to be such," cannot be misapprehended or
misconstrued by anybody. We ail know what
is meant by it, especially thoseof us who belong
to the profession of the law.
Mr. HALE. The honorable Senator has not
practiced before courts-martial.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator from
New Hampshire remarks that I have not prac-
ticed in the military courts. That is very true ,
but I think I know enough of military law to
know that the rules of evidence are precisely the
same in a military court as in a civil court. I
hope, therefore, as no harm can come of this lan-
guage, that the clause will be retained and not
stricken our.
Mr. COWAN. It is precisely because of the
clause of the section relied on by the Senator from
Michigan that I think these words should be
stricken out. To find the scienter is one of the
most difficult questions that ever come before a
court, and one that a flaxseed court or an arbitra-
tion or a military commission would be just as
likely to go wrong on, and perhaps more likely
than another.
Mr. President, there is a broader ground on
which this section is objectionable. The section
relates to a "recruiting agent, substitute broker,
or other person." 1 suppose the "recruiting
agent" is not technically an officer in our service.
He is a person employed by the State, perhaps, to
recruit, but he is not an officer in the United States
service; because I find that the fourth section pro-
vides for the punishment of an officer who mus-
ters into service these persons improperly, so that
this recruiting agent is simply a private individ-
ual. Substitute brokers are private individuals,
and "any other person" is unquestionably so.
Now, I should like the honorable Senator from
Michigan to reconcile the provisions of this sec-
tion with the provisions of the Constitution I am
about to read. If these persons are guilty of any-
thing they are guilty of a crime; if the section is
to operate at all, it will be to operate to deprive
them of their liberty. The Constitution provides
that—
No person shall he held to answer for a capital or other-
wise infamous crime, unless on a presentment or indict-
ment of a grand jury, except in cases arising in the land
or nnval forces, or in the iniiitia, when in actual service in
time of war or public danger; nor shall any person be sub-
ject for the same offense to be twice put in jeopardy of life
oi limb ; nor shall be compelled in any criminal case to be
a witness against himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty,
or property, without due process of law."
" In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy
the right to a speedy and public tiial, by an impartial juiy
ot the State and district wherein the crime shall have been
committed, which di^tuct shall have been previously as-
certained by law, and to bo mfouned of the natuie and
cau>e of the accusation ; to be conl'ionted with the wit-
nesses, against him; to have compulsory process for ob-
taining witnesses in his favor, and to have the assistance
of counsel for his dofense."
Now, Mr. President, this section of the bill ia
to operate or may operate on any one of us. If
we are liable to be drafted, and offer a substi-
tute, as almost all men, all citizens, some time nr
other flaring this war, whoareliable to be drafted,
may be obliged to do, and questions should arise
as to whether that substitute was insane, whether
he was intoxicated, or whether he was a deserter
from the military or naval service, and we knew
it at the time we offered him, that constitutes crtoae.
If it was absolutely certain that we were guilty, I
would not object to the punishment, and I would
not care much who inflicted it. It is the difficulty
of ascertaining the guilt which renders the pre-
cautions necessary, and which has always ren-
dered all these precautions necessary.
If the honorable Senator from Michigan were
charged with an offense of this kind, let us see
what safeguards the law has thrown around him
for the purpose of securing to him afftir trial. Ir\
the first place he could not be put upon his trial
