1378
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
on the bill (H. R. No. 600) for the better organ-
ization of the subsistence department, submitted
the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
tlie nvo Houses upon House bill No. 600, and the several
amendments thereto, having met, utter full and Tree confer
ence do agree and recommend to their respective Houses
asioilows:
The managers on the part of the Senate agree that the
Senate shall recede from its firstamendment, and the man-
agers on the part of the House agree to modify the proviso
to winch that amendment was proposed, as follows: in
line eighteen, section one, page 2, after the word "se-
lected" inseit the woids u for each grade."
Jn line twenty, Fame section and page, strike out the
woid <k only"" and insert the words " and from the regular
subsistence department, in proportion to the number of each
of said classes respectively in service at the date of the pas-
sage of this act;" so that the proviso will read as follows:
And provided fuithcr, That the officers authorized to be
assigned by this act shall be selected, for each grade, from
the commissaries of subsistence who hold commissions or
rank in the volunteer service, and in the regular subsist-
ence department, in proportion to the number of each of
said classes respectively in service at the date of the pas-
sage of this act.
And the managers on the part of the Senate, in behalf of
the Senate, agree to such modification.
The managers on the part of the House agree, on behalf
of the Hou&e, to the second amendment of the Senate.
e. d. morgan,
l. \v. powell,
WILLIAM SPRAGUE,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
ItOBERT 0. SCflENOK,
a. McAllister,
Managers on the part oj the House.
The report was concurred in.
THE MILITARY SERVICE.
Mr, TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr, W1LSON. Will the Senator allow me to
make a report from a committee of conference?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. WILSON, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the joint resolution (H. R. No. 170) declaring
and defining the meaning of the law in regard to
officers' servants, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses upon House joint resolution No. 170,
and the several amendments thereto, having met, atter full
and free conference do agree and recommend to their re-
spective Houses a?, follows:
1. That the Senate recede from the ninth section of its
amendment.
2. Tnat the House recede from its disagreement to the
tenth section of the Senate amendment.
3. That the Senate recede from the eleventh section of
its amendment.
4. That the Senate recede from the twelfth and thirteenth
sections of its amendment.
5. That the House recede fiom the ninth section of its
amendment.
6. That the House recede from it* tenth amendment.
7. That the Senate recede from its disagreement to the
eleventh amendment of the House.
8. Viiat the committee agree upon the following sub-
stitute for the twelfth section of the House amendment:
" JLnd be it further enacted, That the bounty of $100 pro-
vided by present laws to be paid to the hens of volunteers
killed in battle fchall be extended to the widow, if living, or,
if she be dead, to the children, of any volunteer who sliail
have been or may he lulled in the beivice, whether he shall
have enli.-.ted lor two years or a less period of time,"
9. That the committee agree upon the ioliovving substi-
tute for the thirteenth section of the House amendment:
fi*diul be it futtlicr resolved, That in case any officer ol tiie
military or naval service who may be hereafter dit-missed
by authority of the President shall make an application in
writing for a trial, setting forth under oath that he has been
wrongrully and unjustly dismissed. the President shall, as
soon as the necesMtie-. of the public set vice may permit,
convene a court-martial to try such officer on the chaiges
on which he was dismissed. And if such coui t-martial
bhall not award dismissal, or death, as the punishment of |
such officer the older of dismissal shall be void ; and ifthe ;
court-martial aforesaid shall not be convened for the trial i
of such officer within six months trom the presentation of j
hU application for trial, the sentence of dismissal shall be !
void." j
10. That the Senate recede from it* disagreement to the J
fom k enihj nltecnth, and si^loe.itii bcc:iu .s oi ihj iiua-jt* n
amendment. il
il That the Hou«e recede from the sevfateenth, eigh- ^
teenth. and nineteenth sections of it- amendment.
U. That the Senate recede from it- di^igieement to the
twentieth,twenty-fir-t. twenty-second, twenty-third, twen-
ty-fourth, twentv-fluhj twenty-si uh, twenty-seventh,
twentj-eighti), twenty-ninth, thirtieth,and tUiri>-fiist sec- |l
tion«> of the Uou-e amendment.
13. That the House recede from the thirty-second sec-
tion of its amendment.
H. That the committee agree to the following title to
the joint resolution : " An act to amend the several acts
heretofore passed to provide for the enrolling and caliini?
out tiie national forces, and for other purpose","
HENRY WILSON,
J. M. HOWARD,
C.R. BUCKALEYV,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
J.4. GARFIELD,
M. F. ObELf,;-
G. W. SeOFtELB,
-V # Manager* on the part of the House.
Mr. GRIMES. I call for the reading of that
amendment in regard to the power of the Presi-
dent to dismiss an officer.
The Secretary read the ninth item of the report.
Mr. WILSON. I will say in regard to that
matter that the House of Representatives adopted
an amendment to the joint resolution that officers
must be tried hereafter before they can be dis-
missed. By law an officer may be dismissed on
charges, and he goes before a board and rights
himself if he can. We have modified the amend-
ment and agreed that the power to dismiss an
officer shall not be taken away; that he may be
dismissed, but that if he makes application for a
trial after his dismissal by the President, he may
have a court-martial; the court must be called
within six months, and then he is to have a fair
trial.
Mr. GRIMES. And he must be restored or
must be killed.
Mr. WILSON. No.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, the result must be his
restoration to service or a sentence of death.
There is no intermediate grade. I ask for the
reading again.
The Secretary read the item again.
Mr. HENDRICKS. What bill is this?
Mr. WILSON. A military bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Is it a draft bill?
Mr. WILSON. A portion of that bill has been
put on this.
Mr. GRIMES. Everything has been put on it.
Mr. WILSON. It is a capital bill.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The report of the
committee of conference is perfectly clear to me,
and it means just this: if a court-martial does not
acquit him orshoot him, the President may lein-
state him, and after he is shot the reinstatement
will amount to very much. [Laughter.]
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know what
else is in this bill. I should like to hear the other
sections of it read.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The whole re-
port has been i cad.
Mr. GRTM £3. 1 am aware of that, but I
should like to have the sections read that are re-
ferred to in the report. This is a matter of no
small moment to the people of this country.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Military Affairs
what this bill is, what it proposes to do?
Mr. WILSON. The bill is not here, but I will
tell the Senator what it is. The first section of
the bill is m regard to officers5 servants.
Mr. H ENDR1CKS. 1 have no mterestin that.
Mr. WILSON. The next is a section that
non-commtssioned officers and privates in the vol-
unteer service shall receive the same amount of
clothing as those in the regular Ai my.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is all right.
Mr. WILSON. Another is that every non-
commissioned officer and private and other per-
son discharged from the Army because of wounds
received on picket line shall be entitled to the same
allowance as if wounded in any oiherway. The
Department has luled that if an officer is shot on
picket line he cannot have a pension. We pro-
pose to correct that. Another section gives to
the four regiments raised by General Hunter, un-
deraspecial written promise, full pay,and allows
them then back pay.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The South Carolina daik-
ies! [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON. The eighth section is that the
President is authorized to enlist six regiments of
epgmoei s for the Army. The ot her sections are
mainly some provisions of the enrollment act.
The first section of that portion of the hill pro-
vides that every locality shall be credited with
the men who belong to it, thus cutting up the
whole system of getting men from one place arid
crediting them to another.
Mr. GRIMES. Read it.
Mr. WILSON,
That hereafter all persons mustered into the military or
naval service of the United States a- substitutes, or other-
wise, shall be credited to the ward, township, precinct, or
other enrollment sub-district where such per«on  belong
by actual residence.
Another section is in regard to computing
quotas, and provides that the hundred-day men,
the six-months men, and all those men who have
been brought out for short periods, shail be cred-
ited to their respective States, measuring by the
three-year standard, so that a hundred-day man
is equal to about three months' service of a three-
yeai man. The State of Ohio furnished laat sum-
mer about thirty legimenLs of hundied-day men,
and this section will allow her to be credited with
them according to the proportion that their terms
bore to the terms of the same number of three-
year men.
Then we add four or five sections of a bill which
the Senate passed some weeks ago, providing that
any recruiting agent, substitute broker, or other
person, who for pay or profit shall enlist or cause
to be enlisted as a volunteer or substitute any in-
sane person, or convict, or person under indict-
ment for felony, or   drunkaid, shall be punished.
Mr. GRIMES. By death or dismissal?
Mr. WILSON. He is to be tried by a judi-
cial tribunal, and not by a court-martial. On
that point the motion of my fiiend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. CowAif] prevailed. Another provision
is that any officer who shall muster into the mil-
itary or naval service a drunken person or a de-
serter or a convict, shall be dismissed the service.
Another section is that in addition to the penal-
ties of desertion, persons who shall desert, and
those who have deserted, and shall not return
within sixty days, when the President makes a
proclamation offering to forgive them,shall be dis-
franchised. Another section repeals the law that
allows Massachusetts—I suppose my friend from
Iowa would say—to enlist colored persons in the
rebel States.
Mr, JOHNSON. Is that retained ?
Mr. WILSON. One section of this bill repeals
that law; and if we adopt this report, Massachu-
setts cannot any longer send agents to tiie rebel
Slates to enlist colored men. 1 suppose that will
gratify my friend from Iowa.
Mr. SUMNER. Is that repeal absolute?
Mr. AVILSON. Yes; we had to make it ab-
solute. Anotherprovision allowsany persons in
a sub-distiict which is called upon to furnish so
many men to club together and furnish the men,
and be themselves discharged from the service.
It is rather an insurance company, by which men
can protect themselves from the draft.
Mr. GRIMES. Let us hear that?
Mr. WILSON. The provision is that—
Any person or persons enrolled in any sub-district may,
atter notice of a diait, and before the same shall have taken
place, cau-e to be mustered into the mm vice of the United
States such number of recruits nor subject to dra't as they
may deem expedient; which reeiuits shall stand to ihe
credit of the persons thu-causing them to be mustered in,
and shall be taken as substitutes lor such p«-r~ons, or so
many of them as m ly be drafted, to the extent of the number
of such recruits, and m the order designated by the persons
at tiie time such recruits are thus mustered in.
I think it is an excellent provision, which will
probably tend to bring a good many men into the
Army.
Then there is another section authorizing the
Secretary of War to detail one or more persons
to receive the oaths of the officers who go through
the various departments. Another section is that
acting assistant surgeons and contract sutgeons
and commissioners of the boards of enrollment,
while tu the military service, shall not be liable to
draft.
Then there is a provision that officers of the
Army shall be put upon the same footing as the
Qfiicers of volunteers in regard to brevvtrank. If
this passes, Army officers cannot reci ive compen-
sation for brevet rank.
Mr. GRIMES. Is there anything in the bill
to prevent the frauds that have been perpetrated
so extensively in some sections of the countiy
growing out of the paper naval ciedits?
Mr. WILSON. No; I had to strike out the
section we put in to meet that case, m,d 1 gave U
up with reluctance. It was a point nuule by the
Hoube committee. The point was that it threw
the naval credits' into the huge cities, and would
operate against the country.
Mr. GRIMES. That is the trouble now.
Mr. WILSON. 11 is said ther m many cases
persons enlisted in the Navy in New Yoik city
ought to be credited to the western towns, and
you cannot take them <?ut there without great
expense.
Mr. GRIMES. In other words, because the
large towns steal naval credits, the small towns
ought to lw  permuted to do so also !
Mr. WILSON. The argument they made was
that it would operate against the country, ami
