612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
\mtjl a grand jury of his own immediate neigh-
bors decided that there was sufficient cause to
put him on his trial. There is no power in this
(government anywhere, there ought not to beany
power, to put him upon his trial unless through
the intervention of a grand jury. After the grand
jury consents that he shall be tried, and after they
find the form and manner in which the offense
Bhall be stated, (and it must be stated so perfectly
as to protect him from any subsequent p osecu-
tion, if he should be either convicted oracquitted,
a thing which a prosecution before a court-martial
Would not do,) then he has the right to be tried
by a petit jury; and a petit jury selected how?
Selected by the War Department? Selected by
his commanding officer? Not at all; that jury is
to be selected according to the forms of the com-
mon law; and when it is selected he has a right
during the impanneling of it to challenge for
41 fear, favor, and affection;" he has a right to
have put upon that jury nobody but true, good,
and impartial men; and then he has the right to
be confronted with the witnesses; and all that in
the district where he lives.
Now, Mr. President, suppose a man in one of
the western counties of Pennsylvania is charged
with this offense, and he is parried away to Har-
risburg to be tried before a military commission,
I ask what chance has he to a fair trial, even
waiving the protection which the Constitution
provides for him, and which he is entitled to in-
voke, certainly in theUnited States Senate if he is
entitled to it anywhere; what chance has he? He
has no voice in the selection of this tribunal; it is
appointed by people who may desire his convic-
tion, who may have determined upon it before-
hand, and may have determined upon it for many
reasons. Are they men learned in the law?
Certainly there is no lawyer in the Senate who
would trust the trial of a criminal cause before
any judge, unless he was a man learned in the
•law. Is there not such a thing as being imbued
with the spirit of the law, feeling not only in
the bruin, but in the heart of the man, all those
great principles which have been infused for long
ages iruo English law, and which themselves are
the guarantees of English liberty? Surely no
man imbued with the spirit of that law would
ever for one moment intrust the tual of a citizen
charged with crime to any other than a judge
learned in the law; and surely, I say, Mr. Presi-
dent, and I speak it in the spirit of Unit law, no
man so imbued would ever trust the finding of a
fact in such cases to any other than a jury of the
vicinage. If it were certain that all people who
are arrested on charges of this kind were guilty,
there would be no necessity for these safeguards;
but that is just what the law never presumes.
The law always presumes innocence until guilt
is shown, and the presumption of guilt must be
such as to exclude every other hypothesis than
that of guilt. Mow would you make a military
commission understand that? You cannot. No-
body can. >
Very well; now this man is dragged away from
the district in which the o(Tense is committed, lie
is taken away two hundred miles from home, and
he is put on his trial before this extra-judicial tri-
bunal, this tribunal which can have no legal ex-
istence under our Constitution, as it can have none
in any civilized country that I know of to-day,
either on this continent or in Europe. Tie is put
upon his trial; how is he to get process to com-
pel the attendance of witnesses ? He is dependent
on the mercy of the tribunal for that, because
there is no law which compels them to grant it,
unless this bill may provide for it here. But how
is he to get his witnesses? How is he to know
what witnesses are to be there against him? If
he does know, he may be too poor to summon
and to bring his witnesses a distance of one hun-
dred and fifty or two hundred miles and detain
them there waiting till his trial comes on,orunnl
it pleases this military commission to award him
his trial.
Mr. President, T am sorry to say that this is
no fancy sketch. This is a thing which is occur-
ring to-day all over this country, to the wonder
andastonishmentofthe civilized world, and with-
out the slightest necessity whatever. We en-
acted here a few years ago a law by which we
made resisting the draft an offense, and we gave
to the re^ul&rly constituted courts of the country
jurisdiction over all offenders against that act.
Yet what has been done almost within the very
shadow of the court-house, and almost within a
stone's throw of the judge having jurisdiction ?
Aod that judge is the creature of the Administra-
tion; the marshal is its creature, and that mar-
shal has a right to select jurors.
Gentlemen may say that some of the jurors
may not be loyal. The marshal has a right to
go among his own friends arid select those who
/ire truly and sincerely loyal. I say that within
a stone's throw of all this machinery men have
been taken up charged with theseoffenses, which'
are merely offenses at common law, and they
have been carried away hundreds of miles from
home, and they have been tried before military
commissions. What has been the consequence?
In one case, very well known to my colleague,
partially known to myself, upon the testimony
of a suborned witness, upon the testimony of a
man who was himself a deserter, and who had
himself got up all the i*esistance there was to the
draft, the conviction was procured of a man who
had actually gone to the meeting called to resist
the draft to get that meeting to desist, to disperse
quietly, and go to their homes,because there was
no difficulty or danger. Upon the oath of that
man, a deserter, a military commission two or
three hundred miles away fiom the# home of
the parties, away from where the proper testi-
mony could be gotten, innocent men were con-
victed; and it was only at last when the people
of the neighborhood became aroused to the neces-
sity of leaving their district and leaving the place
where they had been in the habit of having jus-
tice administered to them, and going, some of
them at their own expense, all the way to the
State capital, that they were able to satisfy the
military commission that this man was utteily
unworthy of credit and that his statements were
wholly false. What then? Some forty or more
men had been arrested; they had been carried to
Port MifUm; they had been shut up in a case-
mate; one of them had died; another had lost his
health, 1 believe irrevocably; another had become
insane; and one or two on trial had been con-
victed, Then the rest were doled out and dis-
missed; two, three, four, half a dozen at a time,
so as to get clear of them without any public dem-
onstration.
Mr. Piesident, I think wo have had entirely too
much of that already. Wheie is the necessity
foi withdrawing the trial of offenses from the
courts of the United States, I would ask? I ad-
mit that there is a strong argument against sub-
mitting these cases to the State courts often, be-
cause tt may be that juries would be unwilling to
convict; but that reason fails entirely when you
allege it against the United States courts, because,
in those courts, if there is a loyal jury within the
whole district, the marshal may summon it, and
may have it there foi the trial of offenses.
1)U t again, the instinct of self-preservation ought
to impel us lo reject any such provision as this.
Are we to give up all our liberties here ? What for?
I might be willing to suspend for a while the op-
eration of the laws which secuie mine, if it were
necessary. If any man can satisfy me that it
would in any way help to put down rebellion,
help to strengthen our arms, help to make the
countty stronger, I might agree to it; but, Mr.
President, it has the very contrary effect; good
people know it; good people lament it, and 1 am
sorry to say people are beginning to be aston-
ished that we sit here, and not only permit this,
but provide for it.
Take a substitute broker, and that is the very
woist type of the class—I think there is not a man
in the world who has less sympathy with a sub-
stitute broker than I have; take a substitute broker,
if you please, the vilest of mankind, still lie is a
citizen, and he is entitled to a fair trial; he has
a right, to use a very popular phrase now, to stand
upon an equality befoie the lasv. The law pre-
sumes him innocent until his guilt is established.
Take, I say a substitute broker who commits one
of the offenses enumerated in this section; what
objection can there be to trying him in the United
States district court? If you have no confidence
in a jury of the vicinity, where is your Govern-
mentgone? Where does it exist? In whom will
you confide? if you cannot govern this people
through itself and by an appeal to its own teason
and its own good sense, what despotism are you
going to build up that can govern it? Do you
think you can overturn this great fabric that has
been built up here at such an expense of blood
and treasure for hundreds of years—that you can
overturn it all, and ait its safeguards,and substi-
tute in the room and stead of it a packed military
tribunal, in the choice of which you can have no
voice? Mr. President, it is just like laying the
ax to the very root of the tree; it is like digging
away the very corner-stone on which the temple
stands. Is it not enough that it is suspended
within the military lines? Is it not enough that
these great privileges are for the time suspended
within the actual lines of the Army? The peo-
ple of the loyal States, the people who have been
bepraised in this Hall for their loyalty and their
virtue and their liberality in the great sacrifices
that they have made, have made them for what?
To be tried by military tribunals, to be ridden
down by despotic governments and irresponsible
dictators? If the people are fighting for nothing
better than that, there is an end of it. But, sir,
the people are not making this tremendous strug-
gle for that. They are making, as Burke would
say, this great struggle that twelve men may be
got in the jury box whenever a man's life, liberty,
or pioperty is in jeopardy; and yet here is a pro-
vision to take away the jury box from the peo-
ple, because "any other person" is a phrase
broad enough to cover all persons, and this pen-
alty would necessarily, if the tribunal had any
chaiacter, render the convict infamous for life.
1 do not know but that now it might increase the
sympathies of the people for him, and perhaps
render him famous; but if the tribunal had any .
character to give force and effect to its decrees *
and findings, it would render him infamous.
I am opposed to this provision. We have
courts for the trial of our people constituted ac-
cording to the Constitution and laws, known to
the people, willingly obeyed by the people, to
which the people are accustomed; but I would
never, never institute a tribunal outside of them
for the trial of any offense of which they could
have cognizance and take jurisdiction.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, the honora-
ble Senator from Pennsylvania takes the ground
that the clause of the bill which is now under dis-
cussion is violative of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and he tells us, in that tone of earnest-
ness which is peculiar to him, that courts-martial
and military commissions are tribunals unknown
to the Constitution. Upon this assumption is based
the denunciatory part of his speech in which he
has indulged in so much vitupeiation against the
mode in which military justice has been admin-
istered during this war.
Is it true that this clause violates the Constitu-
tion? Is it true that all the convictions we have
had before courts-martial and military commis-
sions have been coram non judice, void for want
of legal authority? Is it tiue that the Executive
Admimstnuion, m carrying out their policy in
the prosecution of tins war, and in the punish-
ment of offenses committed in the military ser-
vice, have been and still are mere usurpers and
tyrants, as they have been characterized by the
Senator from Pennsylvania? Upon what prin-
ciple of construction is it, let me ask the Senator
from Pennsylvania, that he makes the broad as-
sertion that courts-martial and military commis-
sions are unknown to the Constitution, and that
all their proceedings are so many wanton tyran-
nies and violations of the fundamental law? He
tells us that the prohibition is to be found in ar-
ticle five and article six of the amendments, and
he reads from each of these to bolster up his as-
sertion. We need but read a very small portion
of the fifth article to see plainly that what the
honorable Senator has said upon this subject is
the merest assumption, the meiest begging of the
buestion. Article five declares:
" No prrson shall he held to answer for a rapitalorotfi-
crvviso intamous emue uulos on n piesenimem or indict-
ment ot a giand jury, except in cases at is ins; in the land or
naval forccs, or in the militia, ivhenin actual set vice in time
of war or public danger." *
The Senator foi gets the exception which ia
plainly embodied in this clause of the amend-
ments. He overlooks the exception, I think very
ingeniously, and instead ofi ending the clause with
that exception in, he reads it without; and, of
course, according to his style of reading the in-
strument, he makes this clause declare that "no
person shall be held to answer for a capital or
