1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
616
procure a substitute for his own pay or his own
profit? Would it include that class of individ-
uals? e
Mr. CONNESS. I apprehend not.
Mr. HOWARD. I'think it would not. I
think, therefore, that the very sorrowful case pre-
sented by my honorable friend from New Hamp-
shire is not covered by this amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. I apprehend the argument
of my friend from Michigan is entirely facetious
in its character; not real.
Mr. COWAN. Mr.President,I listened with
a great deal of interest to the argument of the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, and I
agree with him as to the enormity of the offense
to be corrected. I am satisfied that he does not
hold it in more detestation than I do. But that
is altogether beside the argument. The argument
is not as to the enormity of the offense; the argu-
ment is notas to the special penalty to be inflicted
on its commission; but the argument is as to the
proper mode of determining the offense and the
proper court having jurisdiction of it.
Now I wish to say a word to the honorable
Senator from Michigan; and I wish to say it not
only to him but to some others who are in the
habit of doing it. There are certain gentlemen on
this floor whose retort and argument, whenever
they are opposed in anything, is that the other side
is opposing the Administration,or that the other
side has not the interest of the country at heart, and
a hundred things of that kind. Mr. President, it
is true, that to answer such an argument is to
give it a consideration to which it is not entitled.
There is no way of treating it, perhaps, so well as
that of giving it thatsilentcontempt vfhich it mer-
its. Do Senators think when they make this
argument that they frighten anybody? Do they
think that they conT'inceanybody? And what is
most extraordinary is, that it so happens that it
is very frequently made by those who themselves
are almost continually throwing obstacles in the
way of the Administration and quarreling with it
day after day, and assailing it in its very vital
measures and principles. I think the honorable
Senator from Michigan is not entirely free from
that charge. My record is here. 1 have never
thrown a single obstacle in the way of the Ad-
ministration. I have never drawn a single reso-
lution of inquiry in regard to it except one. 1
have never assailed any of its political projects.
I have resisted these attempts to innovate upon
the common law of the country, i have resisted
these attempts to overturn the Constitution of the
country by the enactment of statutes which it does
not warrant; but in doing so, I am not opposing
the Administration, because I do not understand
the Administration to seek this power. I have
never seen any recommendation from the Presi-
dent, or from any of his Cabinetofficers, desiring
that such extraordinary power should be put in
iheir hands as this bill would confer upon them.
But if there is anything which can astonish a
xnan more than another, it is to hear a lawyer
upon this floor assert that these cases are within
the exceptions to article five of the amendments to
the Constitution; or, in other words, the Senator
from Michigan argues here with ail the gravity
imaginable, and it would be a capital joke if it
was not in earnest, that these cases of the re-
cruiting agent, the substitute broker, and any
other person who offers a substitute for enlist-
ment, are cases in the land and naval service of
the country, and therefore they are not entitled
to the protection which is afforded to all other
people by that clause of the Constitu'ion. 1 could
not conceive it possible that there was a man in
the country who did not know what was meant
by " cases m the land or naval service of the court-
try." We have what we call Articles of War
for the governance of those cases. To whom
do they apply ?
" That from and after the passage of this act"— A
That is, the act of April 10, 1806.
"the following shall be the rule-s and articles by which
the Army of tiie United States shall be governed"—
Those rules and articles of war cover all cases
which arise within the land or naval service; but
no civilian can be taken from his home and sub-
jected to the jurisdiction of tribunals created un-
der the Articles of War. The soldier cannot be
subjected to them until he first agrees to submit
to them by entering into the service of the United
States; and it is required, in order to subject him
to them that he must make a special agreement
before he can be punished under them. I ask in
all earnestness, does any man in his sober senses
believe that a recruiting agent is in the land or
naval service of the United States? Does he re-
ceive pay from the United States? Does he bear
its commission? What connection has he with
it any more than any other man has who under-
takes to solicit recruits for the Army? 1 should
be ashamed, after the description of substitute
brokers which 1 heard from the Senator from
Massachusetts, to suppose that there was a being
in the land, or naval, or even the civil service of
the United States of America, so terribly desti-
tute of everything which constitutes true man-
hood asa substitute broker. Certainly there can
be no such individual as that in the service of this
Government in any of its departments; and if
there is, 1 think the officer who has charge ofhim
should put him out immediately.
The ground I take is, and 1 assert it broadly,
that no man not in the land or naval service of the
United Slates can be tried by any military com-
mission legally; and 1 assert further, that any
military commission that undertakes to try a cit-
izen not in the land or naval service is responsi-
ble; and lfthey cause his death, whether by their
sentence, or by their imprisonment, or anything
of that kind, they are guilty of murder, and if the
laws of tne country are properly administered,
and administered in the spiritofthe men who made
them, the men who ordered the court-martial and
the men who sat upon it would be convicted; and
why? For the best reasons in the world; for the
protection of human liberty and its safeguard un-
der the Constitution under which we live.
I hope Senatois will pause before they adopt
this section. I am perfectly willing that any pen-
alty they may see fit to inflictupon the substitute
broker shall be inflicted, lam willing to make
it death, if you please. If a broker will take an
insane man out of a hospital and attempt to put
him into the Army as a soldier, I am willing, if
you please, to make the offense death. If he will
drug a minor, or a weak man, and induce him to
enter into the Army by that means, make that
death, if you please, but what 1 do object to,
and what I shall always resist, is, that that of-
fense shall be tried anywhere exeeptin the proper
constitutional courts.
Senators say you cannot convict in the proper
constitutional courts. Sir, do they reflect when
they say that, what a slur they cast upon the
country? Do they reflect that if that be true we
have never been so disgraced before ? If it be that
in the courts of the United States a man charged
with a high offense can never in any case be con-
victed where his guilt, is clearly proved, then, Mr.
President, as 1 lemaiked m the former part of
this debate, this Government is destroyed; then
the very end, object, and aim for which it was cre-
ated has been foregone, has passed away; because
all the machinery of the Government, from the
top to the bottom of it, was that there should be
a fair trial in the courts instituted by the laws of
the country. If it has come to ihat, that in these
courts men guilty of crimes of this magnitude
cannot be convicted, I would like to know where
is the security for any one of us. Certainly that
security is not to be found in miiltaiy commis-
sions; men unlearned in the laws, men who are
selected without any of those precautions which
surround the selection of juries, and which are
thrown around the choice of judges everywhere.
There is no liberty to be found there. I will re-
maik, in addition to what was said by the Senator
from New Hampshire, and I trust that with us
and with our race it will always be true, that when-
ever an assault is made upon the trial by jury it
may be treated as it was in England. There
when the quarrel commenced the head of the king
was thrown down by the people us the gage that
they accepted it.
Mr. President, I shall not attempt to deal in
any argument upon this subject. It is like at-
tempting to make it plainer than it is to every
ordinary comprehension that two and two make
four. Here is the very case which was to be pro-
vided for, and here is the plain letter of the para-
mount law, the will of the American people; and
who dare gainsay ii? Not the will of a party, but
the will of the whole people; the Constitution it-
self; not the will of the majority, because the
will of no majority can convene it, orsetit aside.
But if it is punishment that is asked, I am'Will-
ing that this section be amended iirthis wise. J
think it is a little awkward in the first two or
three lines. The word " enlist," in the second
line, should be made" offer;" ahd the word ** en*
listed," in the third line, should be stricken out,
and 14 offered for enlistment" inserted^ because I
suppose it is not intended to say that these bodies
can enlist men. A recruiting agent carinotenhst
a man, as 1 understand it, nor can a substitute
enlist him. He can offer him to an officer who
may enlist him and muster him into the Service.
Then, after having made these alterations, I will
at the proper time move to amend by striking out
the words 41 court-martial or military commis-
sion," and inserting " court of the United States
havingcompetent jurisdiction." Then the offend-
er, instead of being tried before a military commis-
sion will be brought before a court of the United
States; and as these courts have now very little to
do, I should think you could have all your^ffend-
ers tried there, and have a much better Security
and the people be much better satisfied a hundred
times over than to drag them away before military
commissions, in whom it is not the spirit of our
people to believe.
1 do not know that I understand exactly now
what the amendment is that is pending. Is it the
amendment of the Senator from New Hampshire,
or is it the substitute of the Senator from Cali-
fornia ?
Mr. CLARK. The substitute of the Senator
from California.
■ Mr. COWAN. "Very well. I do notknowthat
that will alterthecase in the least, because J'have
heard men engaged in filling up the ranks of the
Army say that those who procured substitutes for
pay were the very men whofilled up the ranks and
procured the men, and it was the policy of the law
to pay so much to men who would bring substi-
tutes, in order to get the men. 1 suppose it is
possible that a man might be honest in this busi-
ness. I know a great many honest men in my
country who have given their time and labor and *
all that kind of thing for the purpose of obtaining
substitutes and filling up their quotas.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will permit
me, such a man would not be amenable unless ho
knowingly presented such a person as is described
in tins section.
Mr. COWAN. The trouble is always here in
considering this question: you presume the indi-
vidual guilty. If that was tiie presumption, your
law would be free from all these objections; but
the mischief that I allege is that the man, before
he is known to be guilty, is subjected to this im-
proper mode of trial. We must proceed in fabri-
cating laws for the trial of offenses upon the pre-
sumption that all men are innocent until they have
been shown to be guilty, and shown to be guilty
upon a hypothesis which excludes every other
hypothesis. That is the law; and that is the only
security that the people have in the administration
of criminal justice. There is another great prin-
ciple which I may state here, and which is not
generally consideied,and that is, that by ourlaw
it is not the intent of that law that all guilty peo-
ple should be punished; but it is its intent thatall
innocent people should be protected. I agree that
no healthy, judicial machinery will punish all
guilty people; but I do con lend that under the com-
mon law no innocent man can possibly be con-
victed; and that is the object of the law.
Mr. HOWARD. I did not accuse the hon-
orable Senator from Pennsylvania with opposing
the Administration. I am notso weak as to make
that matter of fault-finding or accusation. But
what I said, or intended to say, was this: that 1
was a little surprised ihatagentleman of so much
legal distinction as himself should willingly lend
himself to the business of censuring the admin-
istiation of criminal justice by the military au-
thorities of the United States dunnsr this present
dreadful war. It seemed to me, and it seems so
still, that the exercise of a little charity on the
part of himself and other Senators would not be
unbecoming, at least during the existence of the
war. When the war is over we can settle these
old scores in a friendly way, and talk them over
as lawyers do in their consultations or in their
closets.
The honorable Senator expresses his amaze-
ment at the construction which I gave to the first
part of article five of the amendments to the Con-
