THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
y 6,
stitution; but in doing this the honorable Senator
foiled to use constitutional language himself.
There is no such phrase in the instrument as
" military service" or "naval service" as con-
nected with courts-martial or military commis-
sions. The language is this:
" No person shall be held to answer for a capital or oth-
erwise infamous crime, &c., except in cases arising in the
land or naval forces"——
Mr. COWAN. " In the service."
Mr. HOWARD, No, sir.
Mr. COWAN. Read.on.
Mr. HOWARD.
" Except in cases arising in the land or naval forces, or in
the militia, when in actual service in time of war or public
danger."
That, sir, is the language of the Constitution;
and the question is, what, in the contemplation
of this clause of the Constitution, is a case aris-
ing in the naval forces or in the land forces of
the-United States? What is the "case?" The
learned^Senator, with all his earnestness and all
his learning, has failed to indicate to us what is
to be understood by the word "case" in this
clause of the Constitution. I shall not enter upon
the consideration of that question. If! had time,
however, I could show him very conclusively
what such a case is understood to be by the Su-
preme Court of the United States, and that it em-
braces all such cases as those which I described
in my previous remarks.
Mr. COWAN. If the honorable Senator will
allow me I will give him 
Mr. HOWARD. On a former occasion when
I wished to make an interruption of the gentle-
man himself in a debate in this body, he refused
me the privilege. I will notimitate his example.
Proceed, sir.
Mr, COWAN. I do not know that I ever re-
fused that privilege to anybody. I think the gen-
tleman is mistaken. The first thing that 1 see
here in the Articles of War is " mutiny." That
is an offense in the land or naval service. The
^second is tf stukmg a superior officer." The third
is " making: false musters, signing false" 
Mr. HOWARD. 1 understand all that. The
honorable Senator from Pennsylvania (he will
pardon me) seems to assume that all the offenses
mentioned in the Articles of War, from which he
is reading,constituted the cases and the whole of
the cases embraced in this article of the Consti-
tution. In that respect he and 1 differ toto ccdo.
I think the clause includes or may include agreat
variety of other cases besides those embraced in
the articles of war.
Again, sir, in the midst of all the eulogies which
have been pronounced by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania and the Senator from New Hampshire
upon the great privilege of trial by jury, and that
wonderful certainty which always ansesfrom the
finding of fact by a jury of twelve men, I lu>g them
not to forget that, after that celebrated gage of
battle was thrown before the British people—the
head of Chailes—and after the restoration of the
House of Siuart, there occurred what is known
as'Hbe bioody assize,"in which scores and scores
of men were tried, convicted, sentenced, and
executed for high treason, in England, who were
as innocent of the offense as the gentleman or
1. Who found them guilty? Was it a mili-
tary commission ? Wasit a court-martial? No,
sir; in every case it was an English jury that con-
victed them, and an English judge that sentenced
them. Was not that an especial glory of the trial
by jury that it was used in "the bloody assize,"
and" it was presided over by that charming speci-
men of professional and judicial purity—Jef-
freys?
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
Mr. POWELL. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion for a moment.
Mr. GRIMES. What do you want to do?
Mr. POWELL. I want to move to continue
a special order for to-morrow.
Mr. GRIMES. If there is no objection to that
being done, I will withdraw my motion for that
purpose.
Mr. POWELL. I do not want my special
order to lose its place.
Mr. ANTHONY. This bill wiil displace it,
as it is the unfinished business.
Mr. GRIMES. I insist on my motion.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The motion was agreed to, and after some time
spent in the consideration of executive business,
the doors were reopened, and
The Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES,
Monday, February 6, 1865.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. H. Channing.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular order
of business, to call "committees for reports to go
upon the Calendar and be referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole, not to be brought back by a
motion to reconsider; when none were made.
The SPEAKER announced the next business
in order to be the call of States and Territories for
bills and resolutions, beginning the call m inverted
order, with the Territory of Montana.
OVERLAND MAIL.
Mr. WILDER presented concurrent resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Kansas, asking for pro-
tection of the overland mail to California against
hostile Indians; which were ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
HAILROAD IN KANSAS.
Mr. WILDER presented concurrent resolu-
tions of the Legislature of Kansas, asking for a
grant of land to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Wyandott to Fort Scott, in the State
of Kansas; which were ordered to be printed,and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
TELEGRAPH LINE IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. DONNELLY introduced a bill to authorize
the construction of a telegraph line over the pub-
lic domain from St. Cloud to Pembina, Minnesota,
and there to connect with the telegraph line of the
Hudson Bay Company to the Pacific ocean at or
near Victoria; which was read a first and second
tune, and jefened to the Committee on Public
Lands.
EXEMPTION FROM MILITARY DUTY.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, introduced
the following preamble and resolution;
Whereas the genius and policy of our Government is op-
posed to making distinctions between religious denomina-
tions, hut guaranties equal protection to till ami exclusive
privileges to none; and whereas it is alleged that certain
pi cachets of the gospel, belonging to some of the churches
whose religious tenets, do not bung ihein within the scope
of the act of February, l?6-t, for enrolling, and calling out
the national torces," have, since the pasMige of &aul act,
been exempted hum military duty alter being drafted, with-
out complying with section seventeen of said law : There-
fore,
Be it rcsol e<1> That the Secretary of Wai be, and he U
hereby, duected to inloun this Houm' whether any privi-
leges have been granted to the picuehers of any denomin-
ation ol piolesting Christiana which have been denied to
otheis, and U so, what denomination (lio.se pe^on* belonged
to, and aKo then names and place <>t residence, wnh the
reasons toi making such disjunction.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD moved to lay the
preamble and resolution on the table.
The motion to lay on the table was notagreed to.
Mr. PRICE demanded the previous question
upon the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE demanded the previous question
upon the adoption of the preamble.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the preamble was adopted.
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution and preamble was adopt-
ed; and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table; which latter motion was
agreed to.
AMERICAN UNION COMMISSION.
Mr. GRINNELL. I offer the following reso-
lution, on the adoption of which I demand the pre-
vious question.
Resolved, That the use of this Hall be, and the same is
hereby, given to the American Union Commission, the
object ol winch is to pt ovule aid lor white retugees, lor a
meeting on Sunday evening, the 1:2th instant.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. WASHJBIJRNE, of Illinois. I move that
this resolution be laid 011 the table.
The motion was not agreed to, there being, on
a division—^ayes 20, noes 74.
Mr. COX* This resolution, as I understand,
is for the benefit of white refugees. I congratu-
late the oilier side of the House 
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order. The
previous question has been seconded.
The main question was ordered.
On agreeing to the resolution, there were, on a
division—ayes 67, noes 13; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered tell-
ers; and Messrs. Giunnell and Wadsworth
were appointed.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 77, noes 16.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LAND DISTRICT IN MONTANA.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, introduced a bill to
constitute the Territory of Montana a surveyor
general's district; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
DISTRIBUTION OF PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I offer the
following resolution, on the adoption of which I
demand the previous question;
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing, who, by join
resolution, weie instructed to divide the books now on do-
posit m the interior Depaitment, repojt at once why tiiey
have not complied with said resolution and made the dis-
tubution in accordance with the provisions of said resolu-
tion.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, we can make that report now, if neces-
sary. The reason that the resolution has not been
complied with is that it has not yet been passed
by the Senate.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. In view of the
gentleman's explanation, I withdraw the resolu-
tion. i now offer the following, on which I de-
mand the previous question:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pi inline he Instructed
toieporta plan for the distribution <>i* tlio books which
have accumulated lor years past in the folding-rooms of
the House among the members of the present Ilou&e of
Representatives as speedily as possible.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordeied; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
AMENDMENT OF HOMESTEAD LAW.
Mr. BEAM AN offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be in-
stiueted to inquiic into the expediency of so anjendmg the
hotin"-i<-.td law that lands occupied under its ptovisiOJld
may be taxed tor town, comity, and other puiposes.
COMPENSATION TO LOYAL SLAVE-OWNERS.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, introduced the
following joint resolution; which was read a first
and second time:
Whereas the Senate and IIou^c of Representatives of the
Congie&s of the United States having passed, on the JJlst
day ol Januaiy, 3865, a.joint resolution to submit to the
LegNatuics of the several States an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, which joint lesolution
is as follow*:
" Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United Slates of Jimcnca in (Jongi ess assembled, That
the following m ticle be pioposcd to the Legislatures of the
seveial States as an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States, winch, when latified hy three fouiths of
said Legislatures, .-hall be valid, to all in frits'and puipo&es,
as a jKirt of the said Constitution, namely :
"Art. XUI, Sec. 1. Neithei slaveiy nor involuntruy
servitude, except as a ptiiu-hnfnt tor cunie whereof the
putty sh.ili have been duly convicted, shall exu-t within the
IJiiifd States, or any place subject to their juusdietion.
'k Scc.'i. Cong) ess shall have power to euioice this article
by appropriate legislation."
,And whereas by the ratification of this amendment by
three loutth.s of the several States all persons heietofoie
held as slaves underthe laws of certain States of the Union
will be made free, and in consequence theteof a laige num-
ber ot citizens, (among them many widows and oipharn.)
their forrnei owners, who are, have ahvay- been, or may
be willing 10 again become faithful to the Government ot"
the United State*, arid who have not been in (lie civil or
military sei vice of the so-called confederate States, will bo
subjected to heavy peeuniaiy los&es; and wheteas this being
amea.-uie n^ce-^aiv to v* furm a more peiieet Union, es-
tablish justice55 to ail men, " in-atie domestic t  a liquidity,'*
" promote the geneiaJ weii'aic, and secure the blessings of
hbetn to ourselves5'ami ftuin'e generations, in the attain-
ment of winch great objccts the people of ali the States
