1382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Mr. CLARK. I have known him with con-
siderable intimacy for a number of years, and I
never in my life heard him say there was any
such claim,and I think it is entirely true, as was
said by the Senator from Massachusetts, thnt he
has been encouraged by his friends to make it.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from New
Hampshire says he knows him. well, and he
never has heard him speak of this claim. Is not
that to his credit?
Mr. CLARK. I think it is, and it should not
be urged now.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all; 3 take the Sena-
tor at his word; it shows this gentleman's mod-
esty, his unobtrusive nature. But then on this
matter I have no choice. The petition was pre-
sented to the Senate; it was not even presented
by ine. It was referred to the committee with
which I am connected. I then sent it to the De-
partment of State and aRkedaieport upon it from
the Department according to the records there,
and I have given you the result. According to
what appears there, we are his debtors; and the
committee directed me to recommend the appro-
priation.
Mr. WILSON. I rose for the purpose of
calling up my report; but Senators around me
desire to take a vote on this matter, and therefore
1 shall give way to allow them to do it; but I
wish simply to say before I &H down that I think
this gentleman who has spent the winter in
Washington has learned the habit of those who
are here, and although he thought he had not
much of a claim until he camc here, lie now has
a large one. The other day, within a week past,
one of our arsessors carne here with a claim of
sixty-eight dollars, of money he had paid out
of his own pocket, and he said he thought the
Government ought to pay it; but becoming ac-
quainted with certain gentlemen about the inter-
nal revenue department, lie lias within a day or
two presented a claim for ^1}500; and 1 suppose
this is nnother similar case.
Mr. CLAIIIC. 1 can hardly suffer the remark
oi*the Senator from Massachusetts, who I know
does not wish to injure anybody, to pass without
a little notice. He said that he feared this gen-
tleman, who is tiie claimant here, had fallen into
the habits of Washington by being about here
this winter. I desire to say that this gentleman
is one of the most patriotic men I have ever met.
A son of his sister, who is in France, and is a lit-
erary lady of some taste and has been of service
to us in this contest, immediately after the break-
ing out of the rebellion came home from Prance
and enlisted in the Army, and this gemieman has
been staying in Washington for months and
months, watching thnt young man, to be near
him if he should be injured; and he was injured,
very grievously injured, and he was near him to
assist him,and took him home to Massachusetts.
After he was well enough to return, lie returned
again to the service, and his uncle stays near him
to be of service to him m ease of further injury.
Nothing can be said against the character of that
man, i am sure; and 1 will not suffer any dispar-
agement to be made against him, if I can prevent
it, though I do not think upon the evidence here
we ought to pay the claim, or that he is very
strenuous in pursuing it.
Air. DOOI.1TTLE. I had great, doubts as to
whether it wa3 proper to allow this claim fo go
on this bill, and I voted against its being received,
because I thought it was a private claim; but in-
asmuch as the Senate have decided that it comes
within the rule and may be put upon the bill, as
I believe it is a just claim I shall vote for it. This
gentleman performed the service, and according
to the usage of the Government is entitled to the
pay.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 wish to inquire of the
Senator from Massachusetts whether there is any
recommendation from the Department on the sub-
ject?
Mr. SUMNER. I have already read two let-
ters irom the Department of State recommending
Mr. HENDRICKS. Weal] understand a sub-
let of tins magnitude. I hope we shall be allowed
to take a vote on it.
Mr. WILSON. I think we can get recom-
IV ^ T «,;u t
Mr. WILSON.
Ivo, I will not; I object
to
this thing altogether. I know that there oan be
no justice in a claim of this character. Here isn
man who served either as a foreign minister, or
as a secietary, or in some capacity, eight years
as;o, to the amount of $6,000, and nothing is done,
about it until this time, and at this time he comes
here with a claim of this character. I do not be-
lieve in the justice of it. As regards the recom-
mendations that have been made in favor of it,
every day's experience teaches us that too many
of the officers connected with the Government at
this time have very loose ideas about spending
money. I think it is time for us here to arrest
this kind of expenditures, or we shall be over-
whelmed, as we ought to be overwhelmed, with
the judgment of the country.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know that anybody
is disputing the facts in this case. The Senator
from Massachusetts, I suppose, will not deny
that this gentleman was presented as a charge
d'affaires of the United States to the Government
of Belgium, and that he remained there in that
character, in point of fact, during the fourteen
mouths for which we are about to pay him.
Mr. WILSON. Allow me to ask the Senator
a question. Is it customary for these kind of
officers to fill these places to the amount of §6,000
and let it run along from year to year without
asking for it? It is a very strange mode of pro-
ceeding.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have not come to that. I
only want to know if the honorable member de-
nies the fact, as stated by the chairman of the
Committeeon Foreign Relations, thatMr. Clarke
was presented in the capacity of charge by our
minister at that time, was received in that capacity
by the Government of Belgium,and remained m
tiiat capacity during the whole of the period
named; that he rentetl the house that the lega-
tion was in at the time; and that he paid the rent
from that time up to the period when he ceased
to repiesent the United States as charge; that he
corresponded with the Government of the United
States in that capacity; that he was written to
by the United States in that capacity. If that is
so, whether he made the claim or not, is it con-
sistent with the honor of the Government that
they should have availed themselves, or should
now avail themselves, of servicesof that descrip-
tion, and try to avoid paying what the law sup-
poses such service to be woith,upon the ground
that the claim was not before piesented? The
delay in the claim can only affect it as evidence
that the service was not rendered, or thattheser-
vice was rendered voluntarily. iN'ow, is it con-
sistent with the dignity of the United States that
they should come in forma pauperis and try to
get clear of this on the ground that this gentle-
man volunteered to serve she-United States in the
capacity of its minister? He is as much enlitled
to it as the gentleman by whom he was presented
aiid who received the pay up to the time; and it
seems to me, with due deference to those who '•
differ with me, that it is due to the credit of the i
Government that this claim should be allowed; I
and these claims have been allowed lime after '
time.
The delay in presenting the claim may be ow-
ing to a variety of circumstances. It may have ,
been owing to the character of the man himself; I
it may have been owing to his ability to do with- I
out it; it may have been owing to the fact that he '
did not know he was entitled to be paid. He may
have presented the claim, and I suppose did, to
the Department, and they told him that as the law
stood at the time there was no authority in the
Department to pay him. But when the Depart-
ment come forward and tell you the service was
rendered and the service should be paid for, J sub-
mit to the Senate if it is right to avail itselfof
the mere lapse of time to get clear of an honest
debt.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Maryland
says that it may be so and so; it may be that he
asked for it and certain answers were given. Is
there any evidence that he did ask for it at the end
of his service? Is there any evidence produced
here to-night that the Administration then tn
power regarded that they owed him any tiling?
It there is, let us have it.
Mr. McDOUGALL. What does that prove ?
I own a square in the city of New York, won by
my grandfather in the Resolution; but I have not
got a foot of it, and never have had, and 1 have !
never asked for it. What does that amount to?
What does that prove ?
Mr. WILSON. I think it proves that you
have not grot the square. [Laughter.]
Mr McDOUGALL. jNc, i have not pot the
square; but I have a right to it. It has been in
abeyance a Innjf time.
Mr. SUMN15R. Mr. Clarke, in his memorial,
which was referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations, which I now have, sets foith the cir-
cumstances under which he became charge de
affaires. Fie then goes on, as follows:
" That in consequence of the .T-xiiranee of Mr. Seibel#
thnt the appointment of your memorialist as eh ir<7>> d'af-
faires would be sanctioned by ihe th«*  Seoreurv oi Suite,
Mr. Marry. nn n*->uiai,c<- winch v\ <e-eontirm<-<! hj (l puva:e
inter t<> $<>trr m<"t)f>riuh'i wnttrri In Mr. S.-i} -!•. on hi- ar-
rival in Wa-hmgion, ami after an intcrv-ew wnh the Sec-
retary ol State, vum m'-tnoiiiU-1 became re-ponMt.lr for the
rent ot the fmnt-he<t Hoiim* which iucl been otcnpiedby
the tnUH-UT <iN the legation UMdeiiCt-; thnt y<>m m<'ino-
riatisst continued to occupy -aid hnu-e and to"pi-rf-'im the
dunes with whu-h he had been charged, tmn?arunj  aU
nece^aty hij-!i]e>s with ihe Belgian Government, ami cor-
responding fioni t.me to tune w uh the Department oi State."
1 have also a copy of a letter from the minister
at Brussels, addressed to General Cass while he
was Secretary of Slate, from which 1 will rend an
extract; and I should like to have the attention
of those Senators who have been disposed to cavil
ot the claim of Mr. Clarke, and especially those
who have been disposed to sneer at it. This is
addressed to General Cass:
{l Upon granting me Jeave of iib«pnc from my po=t of
Brussels,as minister rcMdentof the United State?", in 1836,
your piedecesf-or instructed me to be careful to leave ihe
propeitv of theJejMUon m >aie hands. There bung no
jj con:-ul ot the United Slater at Brnv*eN, and o n country-
men requiring daily official attention, tt seemed to me in-
dispensable tiiat the legation should be kept open for their
benefit, it for no other purpose. Foiiunatrlv, at the time I
had attached to it, and acting a> -ecr 'tar> , a gentleman
whose education, intelligence, ami high character fully
commended him to me as a most suitable per-on to take
charge of the seals ot the legation for, as I then =nppo-ed,
but a brief period. This wa- Mr. Jaine* G. Clarke, whom
I now commend to jour favorable comideration. He i^a
gentleman ot the highest attainments, speaking with the
ease, fluency, and accuracy ot a native, French, G< rman,
and Italian, and m tact mo>t of the continental Jaij£uage.s.
I have the be>t evidence before me that he difcharged'liis
duties during the time the legation was in his care, a period
of two years*, with signal success?, both as regards the inter-
course with the Belgian Government and our own country.
Upon my arrival at Wa^nngton. m October, 1856,1 ac-
quainted Mr. Marcy with the manner in which I iiad dia-
posed of the legation, and lie gave it his sanction, and said
j! that Mr. Clarke sfooufd be recognized in the capacity I had
j; lelt him, that is, charge d'affaires ad interim. Wh'-iher
i this ha- b'ven done oi not I do not know, but Mich are the
facts, and i so inhumed Air. (Jiarkeat trie time.''
Then the question has been asked whether he
claimed compensation, or why he did not claim
it. This letter is dated January 17, J859, and it
goes on as follows:
vCHe now claims compensation of the Government for
his services during the period he had charge of the lega-
tion and its property; and upon every principle of justice
ami equity I think him entitled to it; and as I have been
instrumental in his employment for public service. I feel
aninterc>t thatthe Department should bring his claim to
the favorable notice ot Congress, and recommend the ne-
ccssaiy compensation."
Mr. HARLAN". I desire to inquire of the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations
why this man was appointed during this long
period of time?
Mr. SUMMER. Because the minister resident
was absent on leave, expecting to return, and he
was, in a certain sense, merely a locum tenens.
What is a charge d'affaires ad interim ? A charge
d'affaires ad interim is simply a person who, for
an intermediate period, and not as a permanent
officer, holds a particular place.
Mr. GRl IVIES. \Vill the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations toil us whether the
minister there also drew his salary during this
period of time r
Mr. SUMJNT &R. Of that I know nothing; but
the Senator perhaps knows the usages of the De-
partment m that respect. I suppose Mr. Koerner
of Illinois, who is at home, draws a salary as en-
voy extraordinary ami minister plenipotentiary
at Madrid, at this moment, while we a re ul so pay-
ing Mr. Perry, the secretary of legation, the pay
of charge d'affaires ad interim.
Mr. GRL\][iS. Mr. K.ot:mer has resigned.
Mr. SUMNER. I am not aware that he has
resigned. However, I do not wish to be carried
off into a general discussion of the salaries of our
foreign ministers. Suffice it to say this service
was rendered in good faith. It was recognized
