1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
have a common interest and for their establishment should
make mutual sacufices:
Be it therefore resolved by the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives oj the United States of Jimericain Congress as-
sembled, That all persons faithful to the Constitution and
obedient to the laws of the United States, resident1? of any
State that shall ratify the amendment to the Constitution
of the United States proposed to the Legislatures of the
several States by the Congress of the United States on the
31st tiny of January, 1W65, who have not been in tile civil
or military service of the so called confederate States, and
who have been deprived of the services of these slaves,
heretofore recognized by law as property by said amend-
ment, or by any act or ordinance of emancipation of any
State of the United States, shall receive therefor a just and
reasonable compensation ; said compensation to be pro-
vided for by the United States Government without uniea-
sonable delay.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, demanded the
previous question.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the resolution be
laid on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the pre-
vious question be not seconded will not the reso-
lution go over if discussion arise ?
The SPEAKER. Bills and joint resolutions
offered on resolution day go over, like a simple
resolution, if discussion arise.
Mr. WILSON. Then I withdraw my motion
to lay on the table for the present.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 propose
to debate the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Then the resolution goes
over under tkjt rules.
ALLOWANCES TO MAIL CONTRACTORS.
Mr. DUMONT submitted the following reso-
lution, on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads be instructed to inqune whether the Posimas
tei Geneial has the power under the law now m force to
make additional allowances of compensation to contract-
ors for carrying mails where the compensation agieed upon
is clearly inadequate ; if not, whether he has any pmvei
to release them from such contact; and if ho has neither
of haul powers, that ^aid committee inquire into the expe-
diency of clothing him by law with such powers, to be ex-
ercised in cases of gieat hanUhip when justice and equity
demand it; and that it report by bill or otherwise.
The House divided; and there were—ayes 18,
noes 22; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers,and appointed
Messrs. Dumont and Lazear.
The House again divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 52, noes 40.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The question now being upon the adoption of
the resolution, the House divided, and there were
—ayes 46, noes 47.
So the resolution was disagreed to.
CONSTITUTIONAL POWERS.
Mr. EDGERTON submitted the following res-
olution, and demanded the previous question on
its adoption:
Whereas the Daily Morning Chronicle, of this city, the
reputed political organ of ihe Piesident, in lecentechtonals
upon the subject of negotiations for pcace, has referred to
the President of the United States as having gone " In his
soveieign capacity" to tieat with the commissioners from
Richmond, and has lurthci described the Piesidcntas " the
soveicign head of the gieatest Government on earth and
whereas the supreme court of the District of Columbia
lias, by a late solemn adjudication, affmncd principles as
the law of the land which leeognized arbitrary dictatorial
powers in the President, not only as to milttaiy but as to
civil offenders, which are subveisive of civil liberty and of
the public welfare: Therefore,
Resohed,(^s the judgmentofthis House,) That the Pres-
ident of the United States is in no constitutional sense the
soveieign thereof, hut that all his governmental powers arc
derived fiom the Constitution and constitutional laws of
the United States, and are limited by them ; and this House
sincerely deprecate all political teachings and judicial de-
cisions having a tendency to exalt the Piesident above the
Constitution and laws, or to clothe him with attributes un-
known to them, or to deiogate tiom the poweisofCongie* ;
and they afiirm that the punciple that the people are sov-
ereign, and that ail depaitments. ot the Government are
their agents or seivants, and «hould be kept in stuet sub-
ordination to the Constitution and laws, is essential to the
pcimanence of icpubhcan government and to civil liberty.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, moved
that the resolution be laid on the table.
Mr. EDGERTON demanded the yeas and
navs. .
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, withdrew
his motion to lay on the table.
The question being upon seconding the previ-
ous question, the House divided, and there were
—ayes 83, noes 66.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I desire
to debate the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The resolution, then, goes
over under the rules.
LAND-GRANT RAILROADS.
Mr. HOLMAN introduced a joint resolution
in relation to certain railroads, and demanded the
previous question.
The resolution was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution, which was read, provides
that whereas large portions of the public lands
have heretofore been granted to several of the
States for the construction of railroads, on condi-
tion that the lands so granted should be subject to
the disposal of the Legislatures of said States for
the purpose aforesaid and no other, and that such
railroads should be and remain public highways
for the use of the Government of the United States,
free from toll or other charge for the transpor-
tation of any troops or property of the United
States, which lands have been applied and are
now being applied to the purpose aforesaid; and
whereas payments have heretofore been made for
transportation of troops and property of the Uni-
ted States to companies whose roads have been
constructed in whole or in part by the public
lands so granted as aforesaid: therefore no pay-
ment shall hereafter be made to any railroad com-
pany which shall have obtained the benefit of any
grant of the public lands on the condition that
the railroad of such company should be and re-
main a public highway for the use of the Govern-
ment of the United States, free from toll or other
charge upon the transportation of any property
or troops of the United States, for the transporta-
tion of any such property or troops. And it shall
be the duty of the Secretary of War to cause to
be refunded, by properptoceedings, to the Treas-
ury of the United States any money which has
heretofore been paid by any Department of the
Government for such transportation; provided,
however, that nothing herein shall be so construed
as to prevent the Secretary of War from taking
possession of any such road and its appurtenances,
and apply the same to the use of the United States
whenever in his judgment the interests of the
Government may require it; and provided further,
that nothing herein shall be so construed as to
impair the provisions of the joint resolution re-
lating to certain railroads in the State of Mis-
souri, approved March 6, 1862.
Mr. GANSON. Does this embrace the canal
grants passed recently?
Mr. HOLMAN. The jointresolution explains
itself.
The question being upon seconding the previous
question, the House divided, and there were—
ayes 62, noes 30.'
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered.
The joint resolution was read a first and second
time, ordered to be engrossed and read a third
time, and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the joint resolution. •
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN demanded the yeas and nays
on the passage of the joint resolution, and tellers
on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were refused, and the yeas and nays
were refused.
The joint resolution was then passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the tabie.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN W. CAMPBELL.
Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky, introduced a
bill for the benefit of John W. Campbell, late
! lieutenant and quartermaster of the seventh Ken-
! tucky cavalry; which was read a first and second
i time, and referred to tiie Committee of Claims.
I RIGHTS OP NEGROES,
j Mr. GARFIELD introduced the following res-
| olution, on which he demanded the previous ques-
tion :
Rcsolrcd, That the Committee for the District of Colum-
bia be in-line ted to inquire whether there is any icgulation
in tins Di.-.mct which forbids coloied person* to leave the
city of Washington without a pass j and ff so, that they as- \
certain and report -to this House at as early a day as prac-,
ticabh* by what authority such a regulation is ..made and,
enforced, and what legislation is necessary to secure equal*
justice to all loyal persons, without regard to color, at the
national capital.
The previous question was seconded,'and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD moved that the vote by yrhich
the resolution was passed be reconsidered; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAJOR GENERAL W. S. ROSJBCRANS.
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced the following resolution; which was read,
considered,and agreed to:
Reso/rerf, That the committee on the conduct of the war
be directed to make a lull investigation, and report upon
the military campaigns of Major General W. S.Rosecrans,
from the beginning of his services in Western Virginia to
the conclusion of his recent campaign in Missouri.
Mr. GARFIELD moved that the vote by which
the resolution was adopted be reconsidered; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NEGOTIATIONS FOR PEACE.
Mr. COX introduced the following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of the United States, in en-
deavoring to ascertain the disposition of the Insurgents in
arms against the authority of the Federal Government, with
a view to negotiations for peace and the restoration of the
Union, is entitled to the gratitude of a suffering and dis-
tracted country} and that with a similar view he be re-
spectfully requested to omit no reasonable exertions here-
alter which may lead to the desired object, to wit, peace
and union.
•R«oircrf, That, if not incompatible with the aboveobjcct
and the public Interests, lie be requested to communicate to
tins llouse all information leading to and connected with
the recent negotiations.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. Does not
the second resolution call for executive informa-
tion ?
The SPEAKER. The second resolution does;
and consequently it cannot be considered to-day
if objected to.
Mr. COX. Then I withdraw the second res-
olution, and demand the previous question upon
the first resolution.
Mr. SCH ENCK. Can the first resolution be
separated from the second ?
The SPEAKER. They can be separated.
Mr. ROSS. I move to lay the resolution on
the table.
Mr. COX. Upon that I demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. WASHBURNE,oflllinois. Then mycol-
league from Illinois [Mr. Ross] is opposed to the
resolution, is he ? „
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. Are there
any facts before the House to show that the alle-
gations contained in the resolution are true?
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taj<en; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 30, nays 107, not voting 45;
as follows:
YEAS—Messis. Allison, Augustus C. Baldwin, Beaman,
Brandt-gee, Freeman Clarke, Henry Winter Davis, Dawes,
Driggs, Edgerton, Iligby, John H. Ilubbaid, Jenckes. Wil-
liam Johnson, Julian, FiancH W. Ivellosg, Knox, Loan,
1,0112, Longvear, Marvin, MeClurg, Muruil, Itoijers, Sloan,
Santher-:, Stevens,Thomas, Ups>on, Wadsworth,and Win-
(jom—30.
NAYS—Messt*. James C. Allen, "William J. Alien, Al-
ley, Ames, Ancona, Arnold, A>liley, John. D. Baldwin,
Baxter, Blan, Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Bioomall, James H.
Brown, William G. Brown, Chanler, Ambrose W. Clark,
Clay, Cobb, CofFiotb. Cox, Cuivohn Thomas T. Davis,
Dawson, Demi tig, Duwont, Eckley, [>ldi idge, Eliot, Fams-
worth, Finek, Frank, Ganson, Garfield, Gooeh, Grinne!!,
Hale, Hall, Harding, liamwrtoii, Benjamin G. Horns,
Chailes M. ILtrrw, Iliruck, IJolman, Hooper, Asuhel W.
Hubbard, Ilulburci, Iluteinus, Jn^ei-oll, Philip Johnson,
Kelley,Orlando KellogL', Law, Lazeai. Le Blond, Mclliidc,
Mcfndoe, .VI cKmnev, Middle ton, oaniuel F. Miller, Daniel
Moiris, Morrison, An oss Myers, Noble, Notion, Odell,
Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Orth, Patter-on, Pendleton,
Perham, Perry, Pike, Pumeroy, Price, Piuyn, William H.
Randal). Alexander II. iliee, John H. Rice, Eihvaid II. Rol-
lins, James S. Rollins, Hom-, tfchenek, Scofield, Scott,
Shannon, .Spalding, John 15. Steele, Utiles, Strouse, Sweat,
Town-end, Tiacy, Van Vnlkenhuigh, Waid, IDIilm 13.
Wa'thburne, Wilham B. Washburn, Williams, WiUiei,
WiNon, Wmlielil, Fernando Wood, Woodbridge, Worth-
inston, :md Yeannn—107.
NOT VOTING—Mes&rs. Anderson, Bailv, Blaine, Bh«s,
jj BiooksColo, Creswell, Deni^on. Di.\on, Donnelly, Eden,
English, Gnder, Griswold, Hotchla^, KalbfleUcli, Kab-
! ton; Kcuiau, King, Knapp, LiUiejohn, Maliory, Maicy,
