618
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
McAllister, McDowell, William H. Miller, Moorhead,
James R. Morris, Leonard Myers, Nelson, Radford, Sam-
uel J Randan, Robinson, Smith, Starr, William G. Steele,
Stuart, Thayer, Voorhees, Webster, Whaley, Wheeler,
Chilton A. White, Joseph VV. White, and Benjamin Wood
—45.
So the House refused to lay the resolution on
the table. «►
- Daring the roll-call,
Mr. WADSWORTH stated that Mr. Mal-
lory was not well enough to occupy his seat to-
day. -
Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky, stated that his
colleague, Mr. Smith, was detained at home by
sickness.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, stated that Mr.
Creswell was detained from the House by sick-
ness.
Mr. WILLIAMS stated that Mr. Moohhead
was absent in consequence of severe illness.
The result was then announced as above re-
corded.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour having
expired, the resolution goes over until .Monday
next, with the demand for the previous question
pending, on which no quorum voted.
The next business in order is the consideration
of the motion made o"n Monday last by thegentle-
maii from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to suspend the
rules to enable him to introduce a resolution in
regard to a picture in the Capitol, and upon which
motion no quorum voted, and the House there-
upon adjourned.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, fiom the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled joint resolution (H. R.
No. 126) declaring certain States not entitled to
representation in the Electoral College; when the
Speaker signed the same.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. MORRILL, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Ways'and Means, reported a
bill to amend an act entitled "An act to provide
internal revenue to support the Government, to
pay the interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes," approved June 30, 1864; which was
read a fiist and second time.
. Mr. MORRILL, I ask that the bill be printed
and referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and made the special or-
der from and after to-morrow evening until dis-
posed of.
The SPEAKER. The House has not yet
ordered any evening session.
Mr. MORRILL. I move, then, to suspend the
rules.
The SPEAKER. There is one motion to sus-
pend the rules already pending.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I ask unanimous con-
sent that wn have evening sessions.
Mr. SCHENCK. J think the proposition is
to make this bill the special order from evening
to evening and not from day to day. 1 must ob-
ject to any more special orders for the day ses-
sions. I have a bill amending the enrollment act
which should have come up on Thursday last,
and the draft is coming on and we cannot get the
bill up.
Mr. MORRILL. I believe the House will con-
sider this as perhaps as important busincssas we
have on hand, and it is very important to get it
through the House in Older that the Senate may
act upon it. I move, therefore, that the bill be
made a special order from and after seven o'clock
to-morrow evening, until disposed of.
Mr. BROOKS. Let me suggest to the gentle-
man from Vermont that this tax bill is reported
on the 6th of February, and the country has at
least aright to see it for three or four days th lough
the telegraph. The interests that are to be taxed
have a right to see it for three or four days before
we act upon it.
Mr. MORRILL. In reply to the gentleman
from New York I will say this, that a large por-
tion of the bill, the fore part of it, is merely formal,
but it will take some time to go through with
that, and the important parts of the bill will not
be reached for several days.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I think the
suggestion of the gentleman from New Yoik
[Mr. Brooks] is a very justone. Certainly there
are provisions in the bill in which our constitu-
ents are interested. As the gentleman from Ver-
mont says, the fore part of the bill is merely
formal;it will take no time to consider it—perhaps
only an hour or two. We want to know what
the provisions of this bill are. My friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] suggests that we
twant to know about the paper duty; and I cer-
tainly want to know how it is with " whisky on
hand." [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Vermont that he is of opinion
upon reflection that the House, having granted
unanimous consent to allow this bill to be reported,
any motion in regard to the bill, even if* it in-
volves a suspension of the rules, is strictly in
order, and therefore a motion that this bill shall
be considered as a special order from and after
to-morrow evening at seven o'clock would be in
order; but a motion for a daily recess would not
be in order.
Mr. MORRILL. I prefer to have it made a
special order from and after to-morrow evening
at seven o'clock; but if other gentlemen think fit
to propose an amendment to that motion I will
yield for the purpose.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not understand that
any attention has been paid by the Chair to the
objection which I have made. I objected from
the first to the bill being introduced and made a
special order forto-morrow evening and from day
to day. I said that if the gentleman from Ver-
mont would make the bill a special order from
evening to evening I would have no objection;
but it does seem to me that some portion of the
time of the House should be allowed to other
committees and to other business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state to the
gentleman from Ohio that if he objected to the in-
troduction of this bill he did so from his seat, hav-
ing yielded the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I objected to its introduc-
tion for the purpose of being made a special order
to-morrow evening, and from day to day; but I
said I would not object to its being made a special
order from evening to evening. Of*course my
objection goes to its introduction. It was all one
proposition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds that the
objection comes too late. The Chair put the ques-
tion to the House whether there was any objec-
tion to the introduction of the bill, and no objec-
tion was made, although the Chair paused longer
than usual.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Chair will permit me
to say that that was the very time I made my ob-
jection, and in my place, standing.
The SPEAKER. The bill having been intro-
duced,it is now for the House to direct what shall
be done with it. The gentleman from Ohio ob-
jects to us being made a special* order from day
to day.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Chair will bear in mind
that I had the floor in regard to a matter that was
before the House, and proposed to call it up. I
yielded to the gentleman from Vermont, suppos-
ing that he only wanted to have his bill intro-
duced and ordered to be printed. But he went on
and proposed to have it made a special order from
day to day. I objected to that.
The SPEAKER. That objection is in time;
but the bill is before the House for its action.
Mr. SCHENCK. I want it understood now
that I object to its being made a spccial order
from day to day.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is in time to
make that objection.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am perfectly willing, if
there be evening sessions, that the bill shall take
its chan'ce from evening to evening.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
this- not being an appropriation bill, it will re-
quire a two-thud vote to make it a special order;
but it is in the power of two thirds to make it a
special order in spite of objection.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, ordered to be punted, and
made a special order from and after seven o'clock
on Wednesday evening next, and until disposed of.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers, and appointed
Messrs. Morrill and Schenck.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 0*5, noes 31.
So, two thirds having voted in favor thereof,
! the motion was agreed to. j
Mr. MORRILL. I am also directed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to ask that some
amendments to the bill, notagreed to by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, shall be printed with
the bill.
It was so ordered.
HARBOR ON LAKE SUPERIOR.
Mr. DRIGGS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill granting land to the State of Michi-
gan to aid in building a harbor and ship-canal at
Portage Lake, Kewenaw Point, Lake Superior;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
CONTINGENT EXPENSES OF WAR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a letter
from the Secretaiy of War, transmitting a state-
ment of expenditures for contingencies of the De-
partment; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
PRINTING BUREAU OF TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
communication from the Treasury Department in
answer to a resolution of the House requiring in-
foimation in reference to the Printing Bureau of
the Treasury Department; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House a
letter from the Commissioner of Patents, transmit-
ting the annual report of that office for the year
1864; which-was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed.
PICTURE FOR THE CAPITOL.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Schenck] moved on Monday last to sus-
pend the rules to enabje him to offer a joint res-
olution authorizing a contract with William H.
Powell for a picture for the Capitol. The ques-
tion is on the motion to suspend the rules.
The joint resolution directs the Joint Commit-
tee on the Library to enter into a contract with
William II. Powell, of the State of Ohio, to paint
a picture for the United States, to be placed at the
head of one of thegiand staircases of iheCapnol,
illustrative of some naval victory—the particular
subject to be agreed upon between the committee
and the artist, provided that the expense shall not
exceed $25,000, and that $2,000 shall be paid to
Powell in advance, to enable*htm to prepare for
the work, the remainder of the installments to be
paid at intervals not less than one year, the last
installment to be retained until the picture is com-
pleted and put up.
Mr. PRUYN. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Ohio whether he has changed the form of the
resolution as modified the other day, and whether
it is now imperative.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir. I intended to in-
form the gentleman that I had made that change.
I suppose that the House is able to decide whether
it will or will not agree to order a picture of this
kind.
Mr. PRUYN. I had thought it better that the
Joint Committee on the Library should be al-
lowed to judge and determine the propriety of
ordering; this picture.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from Ohio whether the object of this joint
resolution is to purchase a painting which has
already been executed.
Mr. SCFIENCK. Itianot. The resolution
provides that the subject (which must he a naval
subject) shall be agreed upon between the Joint
Committee on the Library and the artist; and that
when the subject shall have been agreed upon,
the artist shall receive an advance of"$2,000, and
a similar amount yearly, the last installment not to
be paid until the picture has been completed and
put in its place, and the installments not to be
paid at intervals of less than one year. It will
take some six or seven yeais at least to finish
the picture.,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Do I un-
derstand that these payments are to be made
directly on the order of the Joint Committee on
the Library ?
The SPEAKER. That is the effect of the reso-
lution.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I sup-
pose that if the artist should insist upon it, the
