1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Finance, and which have been examined. I think
Senators had better take the responsibility of
doing that. They may have to abandon some
amendments in which they are interested; but had
we not better disagree to ail the amendments that
have been made since midnight?
Mr. GRIMES. The whole of them?
Mr. SHERMAN. The whole of the amend-
ments except those which have been reported by
the committee, and which have already been acted
upon.
Mr. JOHNSON. We cannot do that.
Mr. GRIMES. Some of the amendments that
have been adopted are just as necessary as the
amendments proposed by the Committee on Fi-
nance. I agree with the chairman of the com-
mittee that others of them are totally unnecessary;
but I am unwilling to vote in a lump against or
for all of them. 1 think it a preposterous propo-
sition.
Mr. SHERMAN. I saw an incident which
occurred in the House of Representatives the first
session I was a member which I hope never to
see reenacted., A bill like this was sent to the
House of Representatives in the closing hours of
the session, and the House, without reading the
amendments, adopted them in gross in one of
these night sessions; and there is danger of that
very course being pursued here.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is not our fault. If we
agree to the proposition of the honorable member,
it is leaving all legislation to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. GRTMES. It would be leaving the whole
matter to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest to the chairman
of the Committee on Finance that he will have
entire charge of this bill in the committee of con-
f*6r6i)C6 •
Mr. SHERMAN. There may be no com-
mittee of conference.
Mr. CONNESS. There is certain to be, and
that immediately.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, will the Senate concur in the amendments made
in committee? The Chair will take the question
on them altogether unless some Senator asks for
a separate vote.
Mr. CLARK. I desire a separate vote on the
amendmentoffered by the Senatorfrom Kentucky
[Mr. Powell] in regard to the publishing of cer-
tain books for members of Congress.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask for a separate vote
on the amendment striking out an appropriation
of #1,000 for the Seekonk river.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for a separate vote on
the question that has been debated here in regard
to trials by courts-martial.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for a separate vote
on the amendmentappropriating a sum of money
to the State of Pennsylvania for the payment of
troops.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask for a separate vote
on the amendmentappropriating $100,000 for the
Naval Academy at Annapolis.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have a
separate vote on the amendment moved by the
Senator from New Hampshire to strike out an
appropriation of $6,000 for the publication of the
transactions of the National Academy of Sciences.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask for a separate vote
on the case of Mr. Clarke.
Mr. COWAN. I hope the gentlemen who
have charge of amendments here understand this
mode of attacking them in detail, and that they
will not allow themselves to be flanked in that
manner. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments named will be excepted; and the question
is, will the Senate concur in the remainder of the
amendments ?
The residue of the amendments were con-
curred in.
The first excepted amendment was the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Powell, to add the follow-
ing as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of the Sen-
ate and Clerk of the House of Reptesentatives be, and they
are hereby, directed to procure flora the surviving pub-
lisher of the Annals and Debates of Congress prior to the
year 1837 one copy of the same for each Senator, Repre-
sentative, and Delegate, in the present Congress who has
not hei etofore been supplied therewith, and that said copies
be paid for out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated, at a price per volume not- exceeding
that heretofore paid by Congress for the same.
Mr. CLARK. On that question I desire the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I trust this amendment
will be concurred in. I think it one of the most
valuable provisions in the bill—valuable to every
member of the Senate.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 12, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cowan, Foster,
Hendrickb, Johnson, Laneof Kansas^ McDougaii, Powell,
Sprague, Sumner, and Van Winkle—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Btown, Chandler,Clark, Oonness, Doo-
little, Harwell. Grimes, Harlan, Henderson, Howard,Mor-
gan, Morrill, Nye, Sherman, Stewart, Trumbull, Wade,
Willey, and Wilson—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. CarlUe, Collamer, Davis, Dixon,
Foot, Hale, Harding, Harris, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Nes-
mith, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Richardson, Riddle, Saulsbury,
Ten Byck, Wilkinson, and Wright—19.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The nextexcepted amendment was the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Cowan, to add the following
as a new section:
To reimburse the institutions and individuals who ad-
vanced the money to pay the Pennsylvania soldiers who
were called out by proclamation of the President of the
United States and the Governor of Pennsylvania to repel the
invasion ofMaiyland and Pennsylvania by the rebel forces
under General Lee, m ihe summer of 1863, and who were
in actual service of the United States, the sum of $700,000,
out of any money not otherwise appropriated, is hereby
appropriated, to be paid to the Governor of Pennsylvania
in trust for the above-mentioned purpose.
Mr. SHERMAN. Upon that question I de-
sire the yeas and nays, because if that amend-
ment is concurred in 1 shall have to prepare a
similar amendment to the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalevv, Cowan, Doolmle,
Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, Johnson, Lane of Kansas,
Morgan, Morrill,Nesmtth, Powell, Ramsey, SUtimej,Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, and Willey—18.
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Conness,
Farwe!!, Fostei, Grimes, Hailan, Howard, Nye, Sheunan,
Sprague, Stewart, Wade, Wilkinson,and Wilson—16.
ABSENT —Messrs. Carhle, Collamer, Davis, Dixon,
Foot, Hale, Harding, Howe, Lane of Indiana, McDougaii,
Pomeroy, Richardson, Riddle, Saubbuiy, Ten Eyek, and
Wright—16.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The nextexccpted amendment was the amend-
mentoffered by Mr. Grimes, to add the following:
For preparing, refitting, and repairing the Naval Academy
buildings at Annapolis, Maryland, $100,000, or so much
thereof as may be necessary.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 only asked to have that
amendment excepted in order to have the chair-
man of the committee explain it. A few weeks
ago he said it would only cost $10,000 to remove
the Academy from Newport to Annapolis, and
now heasks for$100,000; and I believe, according
to his own estimates, it is to cost$30,000to build
a hospital there to take the place of the hospital
that is now in the Naval Academy building. I
venture to state that this is only the beginning of
an expenditure of $300,000 to erect the necessary
buildings there for the Academy.
Mr. GRIMES. I said it would cost not ex-
ceeding $10,000 to remove the Academy from
Newport to Annapolis. I do not think it will cost
that much; but that will be the cost of transport-
ing the library and all the appurtenances that are
attached to the Academy.
Mr. ANTHONY. But the Senator told us at
the last session that the library never had been
removed, but was still at Annapolis; so that that
may be taken from the expense of transportation
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no; I never said so. i
said the libiary was first put in one of the case-
ments in Fort Adams, and there it was found; it
was rotting and decaying; and then it was put
somewhere in the city of Newport, and they were
unable to secure a room so that it could be opened
for the accommodation of the young gentlemen.
Let me say in this connection that the buildings
and grounds at Annapolis have cost the United
States Government between eight and nine hun-
dred thousand dollars. They have been now in
the possession of the Army about four years, and
the military department have used them as hos-
pitals, and'knocked out the partition walls so as
to give, as they supposed, ventilation. As a gen-
eral thing the officers' houses have been kept up, I
understand, in very good condition; but the bar-
racks and the dormitories, and so on, are in a very
bad condition. This amendment has been pro-
posed at the instance of the Navy Department, and
only intended to appropriate such ah amount1
as may be found necessary.
Mr. ANTHONY. If this amendment is only
to repair the partition walls of the Naval Academy
building, I will suggest to the Senator to have it
specified that it is an appropriation of $100,000
for repairing the partition walls of the Naval
Academy buildings.
Mr. GRIMES. I said for repairing the parti-
tion walls, and various other things. They built
a railroad right through the public grounds and
made an excavation. That has got to be filled
up. If the Senator has been there he will remem-
ber that there was a most beautiful esplanade,
one of the prettiest I ever saw; and the War De-
partment have laid a railroad track right down
through it. That has got to be repaired; and
there are a great many other things that are ne-
cessary to be done.
Mr. FARWELL. I propose to amend the
amendment by adding the following proviso:
Provided, That no more appointments ot'eadets shalt be
made, and thatafier the present classes graduate tlie Acad-
emy shall be suspended lor twenty years.
I propose in a word to explain this amendment.
We have now over one hundred vessels employed
in the Navy, and have had a large number em-
ployed for several years, and shall have for sev-
eral years to come. I intended to offer a similar
amendment to this in regard to West Point when
the Military Academy appropriation bill was be-
fore us. I am aware that West Point and the
Naval Academy have educated and furnished most
accomplished and gallant officers, who have done
great service to the country. I have always taken
a great deal of interest in both those Schools, and
1 wish here to acknowledge the debt of gratitude
which the country owes to the men who have
graduated at them. But we have now, I believe,
both in the Army and in the Navy a class of offi-
cers who have been educated in actual war, bet-
ter than any theory of war; as many as will be
needed in the country for many years to come.
1 believe the country owes it to them, if their ser-
vices shall be wanted hereafter in the defense of
the flag of the country, either upon land or upon
water, thai those men who have periled their
lives in actual war should have the places in
preference to young men selected generally with-
out much*regard to their fitness, and sent there
and educated theoretically at the public expense.
It is a known fact that from the vicious system
in which these young gentlemen have been ap-
pointed much more than half of them have been
dismissed from the Academy at the end of the
first six months. I offer this amendment because
1 believe the interests of the country require it.
I believe that justice to the young men both in
the Navy and Army requires it. But then I have
another object in view. I am very sure, as the ap-
pointments of all the young gentlemen in this
School are made by the members of the House
of Representatives, that if we attach this amend-
ment to the bill we may be sure the bill will not
pass without a committee of conference. The
chairman of the committee thought there would
be some trouble about that. 1 am very confident
this amendment will secure such a committee.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
The amendment was concurred in.
Mr. ANTHONY. I excepted an amendment,
which the Secretary is looking for, striking out a
little appropriation of $1,000 to place some buoys
in the Seekonk river. When it was under con-
sideration m committee I stated that it was esti-
mated for by the Department. 1 was mistaken
in its being estimated for this year. It was esti-
mated for two or three years ago, and the appro-
priation lapsed. It was an appropriation of $500.
It was not quite enough. One thousand dollars
now is not any more than $500 was then. I see
that the chairman is going to allow this little
appropriation to pass. 1 think it is due to me
after staying here all night, listening to so many
speeches, some of them very long, and some of
them not remarkably interesting. 1 hope all those
who have made speeches will agree to this prop-
osition as compensation, and those whohave been
, bored by them will vote with me from sympathy,
[laughter,] and if I have both classes I shall ob-
tain a unanimous vote.
Mr. GRIMES. If I could add anything to
what the Senator from Rhode Island has so well
said, I would unite my influence with his to.induce
