1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
whole sum would have to be paid anyhow, be-
cause a contract would have to be made.
The SPEAKER.. The Chair cannot answeras
to that.
Mr. SCHENCK. The resolution is similar in
its form to resolutions heretofore adopted for the
purchase of national paintings.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will again report
the resolution, that the inquiries of members may
be answered by its language. *
The Clerk again read the joint resolution.
Mr. PI KE. I would like* to see the purpose of
this resolution carried out; but I desire to inquire
of the gentleman from Ohio whether he would
not consent to an amendment to subtract this
amount of $25,000 from the appropriation of
§40,000, which I understand has heretofore been
made for a picture to be placed in the eye of the
dome of the Capitol. It seems to me that such a
painting would be a species of high art that it
would be very uncomfortable to look at. With
such a proviso as I have suggested, 1 should be
very ghui to see this naval painting executed by
this excellent artist.
Mr. SCHENCK. I should have no objection
to a modification of that kind.
On the motion to suspend the rules, there were,
on a division—ayes 59, noes 40.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered', and Messrs. Schenck
and Pruyn were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 69, noes 36.
Less than two thirds voting in the affirmative,
the motion to suspend the rules was not agreed to.
MAINTENANCE OF THE UNION.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD I ask unanimous
consent to offer a resolution, and if it be objected
to I shall move to suspend the rules. The reso-
lution is as follows:
Resolved, That it is the duty of the President to maintain,
in every constitutional and "legal inannei, the integrity of
the Ameucan Union as formad by the fathers of the Re-
public, and in no event, and under no circumstances,, to
pioffer or accept negotiations which shall admit by the
lemotosi implication the existence of any other fedeinl or
confederate government within the teiritory of the United
Slates.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
Mr. FERNANDO WOOD moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TItADE WITH REBELLIOUS STATES.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I rise to make a privileged report from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and I will state in one word
the purport of the report.
The Committee on Commerce, who were
charged with an investigation concerning trade
with the rebellious States, have ascertained that
the Committee on Commcrcc of the Senate are
engaged in a similar examination; and for the
purpose of saving expense, and having both com-
mittees pursue the same investigation, the Com-
mittee on Commerce of the Ilou&e have directed
me to ask the adoption of the following concur-
rent resolution:
Raoh-ed, (the Senate concuning,) That the Committee
On Commeiee on the part of the Senate be joined to the
Committee on Commerce on the p?nt of the JIouso in the
invo&Uy.Uions m \\lneh said Committee on Commerce on
the p.ut of the Hou^e are now engaged, under resolutions
ot the Ilotit-e oi J.um.uy 20, 1803, and Januaiy 25,1S6.3, in
repaid to trade with tin* States m lebeihon. to constitute a
joint committee fhrthe putpoj,e of completing said mve-ti-
g.ition, and that the said joint committee have the same
poweis- as the Committee on Commeiee of the House now
hah on the subject ot .said investigation.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to re-
consider the. vote by which the lesolutton was
agreed to; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on tSie table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. IIickuy, its Chief Clerk, notifying the House
that that body had passed a concurrent resolution
providing joint rules for the government of the
two Houses in counting the votes for President
and Vice Presidentuf the United States,m which
he was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me to submit a resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. I will when the naval appro-
priation bill has been passed.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Schenck in the chair,) and resumed the
consideration of the bill (H.R.No. 676) making
appropriations for the naval servicc for the year
ending June 3^), 1866, the pending question being
upon the amendment submitted by Mr. Davis, of
Maryland, being to add the following to the bill:
Piovided, That no money appropriated for the naval ser-
vice shall be expended otherwise than in accordance with
the following provision, so fai as is applicable; that is to
say, that the Piesulent, hy and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, shall appoint a Board of Admnalty, which
shall consist of Hie vice admiral and one rear adimial, one
commodore, one captain, one commander, and one lieuten-
ant commander, over which the tieeretaiy of the Navy oi
theoffieei highest in ran kpiesent shall preside; and when
the subject under consideration shall appertain io the duties
of any bureau in the Navy Depaitmeut, the chief of such
bureau shall be a member of the board, and entitled to sit
ami vote on the consideration of the subject.
Sec.—. Andbcit further enacted, Th.u the boat d shall
deliberate m common, and advise the Secietary on any
matters submitted by him relating to naval organization,
naval legislation, the conjunction, equipment, and arma-
ment oi vessels, navy-yards, ami other naval establish-
ments, and the dnectiou, employment, and disposition of
the naval forces in time of wai. All such opinions shall
be recorded.
Sec.—. Jlnd be it farther enacted. That no vessel-of-
war shall be built or materially altered, nor any guns ol new
constiuetion ordered or adopted, nor any engine I'or any
vessel of-war adopted or oidered, nor any permanent strnc-
tuie (or naval servicc executed, until the plans, estimates,
ptopo^als, and contiacts fo« the same shall have been sub-
mitted to the boaid, and its opinion and advice thereon
communicated in wuting to the Secretary; noi shall any
patented invention be bought or adopted for the naval ser-
vice without fust the opinion of the board thereon having
been takenand ail experiments decided to test inventions
and naval plans and struetuies shall he conducted under
the inspection of the boaid, or inembeis thereof named by
the Seeietary, and submitted to the board for its opinion
iheieon.
tfEO.—.Jtndhc it further enacted, That all invitations
for plans oi proposals for any of the works above mentioned
shall bo prepared by the boaid, subject to the approval of
the Seeretaiy; and all bids or olfeis or proposals lor the
same shall be opened in the presence ot the boaid, and the
award made by it, subject to the appioval of the Secrotaty.
Sc<\ — Jit id beit J uither enacted, That the fcJecretaiy
may add to the board, tioin time to time, other ofiiceis of
the' Navy eligible to the position of chief ot bureau, not
exceeding three, at any time, for consultation on any of the
above subjects. The boaid may take the opinion of emi-
nent practical engineer, mechanic*, machinists, and aichi-
tects in their lespective blanches ol ait or industry, when
in their opinion the public seiviec will be promoted by it,
and pay them such reasonable compensation as the Secre-
taiy may appiove.
The CHAIRMAN stated that the gentleman
from Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. BLOW. I ask the gentleman to yield to
me.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I yield to the
gentleman from Missouri.
Mr. BLOW. Mr. Chairman, the subject un-
der discussion has been invested with extraordi-
nary interest by the eloquence of the honorable
gentleman from Maryland, whose acknowledged
ability eminently fits him for the Herculean task
which he has undertaken. I have listened to his
statements and reflections with intense and pain-
ful interest, and with a regret far exceeding any
that I have ever experienced upon this floor. I
do not doubt the purity of the gentleman 's inten-
tion ; no one regards him moie warmly or esteems
him more highly than myself. But I do most
emphatically condemn the taste and judgment
which induced him to attack the Navy of our
country, and to suggest a lemedy for fancied lm-
perfecuonsand failures m the midst of its greatest
^^chievemonts, and at a time when every consider-
ation of justice, patriotism, and policy should have
prompted the statesmen of the two Houses to pre-
sent the power and progress of this strong arm
of our Government, and not to indulge in mgu-
ments and ci iticisins calculated to degrade it and
our Administration in the eyes of the world.
I hope I m/iy be permitted, therefore, in my own
way to present another view of the Navy of the
United States;, not going into useless details.nor.
classifying our vessels as he has done .to shotf
how few are as perfect and as well suited to the
age as they would have been with years to' model
and build them, but rapidly reviewing theirmain.
features and services, begging you to recollect
that they sprung into existence with a rapidity,
which has never been equaled in the history of
the world, and indulging only in such statements
and assertions as will be supported by,the evi-
dence of the brightest and purest men in thisland.
I say in my own way, Mr. Chairman, for no re-
port of the speech has been printed, and 1 have
sought access only to those points referring espe-
cially to the monitors and the conflict with the
Tennessee in Mobile bay, and my aim will be
rather to place the Navy as it really is before the
country than to follow the gentleman in all his
disparagements of it.
The honorable gentleman who is leading this
attack upon the United States Navy says—1 quote
his own language—
" TheMonitoraccidentally came into Hampton Roads as
the Alem'macwas trying to destroy, as it had already de-
stroyed,some of our vessels. A collision took place. Neither
party was destroyed; neithervessel wassunk; neither party
was whipped, as the boy said, and the country ran wild
over two guns in a cheese-box on a raft, not having done
anything."
Such is the slur attempted to be cast upon a
Department which so promptly and timely com-
pleted a vessel which preserved the character of
the nation, the safety of its capital, and untold
millions ofits property. Let us go back for a mo-
ment and examine into the circumstances which
rendered this combat the most famous of the war.
The Merrimac, on the 8th of March, 3862, was
the mostformidable iron vessel in the world; she
had on that day destroyed two of our frigates,
utterly unable to cope with her; before her lay
millions of property, which she proposed to de$
stroy the next day, and then the Chesapeake
could be cleared out, or, if her commander chose,
every vessel in the Potomac between Portress
Monroe and Alexandria could be destroyed. Ay,
more! our navy-yard here, with all its value to
ourGovernmentat thatcritical period,would have
fallen a victim to her irresistible power. If not this
destruction, then her course in the Chesapeake
would have cut off thegentleman's own Monu-
mental city from the world. No communication
could have existed between it and the capital
except by railroad, and the army of Beauregard
would have turned its course toward Washington
instead of evacuating its long-held position when
the news came to him that the brightestday in the
history of the confederacy was succeeded by one
that blasted all her hopes of naval supremacy and
protection.
The little cheese-box, so insignificant as hardly
to be seen by the side of her immense mailed an-
tagonist, carried within her contracted walls the
honor and genius of a great nation, and her two
guns, an experiment yet untried by the great
naval Powers of England and Prance, resounded
through the worldand said, what? Notthat Amer-
ica was without a navy, without skill, genius,
and the spirit of progress; but that the navies
of those two nations belonged to the past, and
wore not able to dictate to the people who were
struggling for freedom what course they should
pursue toward rebels enlisted in the unholy
cause of slavery. The gentleman has alluded to
Admiral Parragut. I have asked this greatest of
naval heroes the value of the-contest between the
Monitor and Merrimac, and whether if all the
monitors since built on the same plan had been
sunk into the ocean, costing, as my friend says,
$13,000,000, the experience of that combat was
not worth them all. He replied, with the com-
prehensiveness and patriotism that distinguish
him, that such a resultcould not be estimated by
dollars; in fact the moral weight of it was above
all calculation. So much for the honorable gen-
tleman ^ cheese-box. Such must have been the
opinion of Secretary Chase also, for when the
hour came that a great responsibility was to be
taken, he did not hesitate to counsel the honorable
Secretary of the Navy to persevere in creating
such protection as this Monitor had proved to be.
Nor will i, Mr. Chairman, withhold from
Captain Kucsson the gratitude we owe him; his
genius has accomplished too much in this sin-
gle instance for me to allude disparagingly to
speculators and contractors. The gentleman is
