620
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6,
unsparing; he condemns the Dictator on a rumor;
damns the Puritan before she is launched, and
disgraces theDunderberg in the face of all that is
claimed for her by her experienced builder, who
has Some character as a gentleman of honor, and
a reputation as a constructor acquired by build-
ing some of the finest vessels that ever floated
under any flag. My hope and belief is that the
gentleman himself will one day own that he spoke
rashly of this great vessel.
I will make no comments upon the statesman-
ship which so unjustly deals with a Department
and its contractors, against which no single dis-
creditable act can be brought, in the case, at least,
of these vessels, remarking at the same moment,
Mr. Chairman, that for four years all my time
and all my thoughts have been devoted to pro-
tecting my Government against every man, high
or low, that would take advantage of this trying
time in its existence to build up afortune forhim-
self. I am no favorite with contractors or spec-
ulators. Congress, it is true, voted Captain Erics-
son an immense sum. I had faith in the commit-
tee which recommended it. May I remind the
gentleman that on that occasion he should have
stood by his Government with his powerful influ-
ence?
I do not stand here, Mr. Chairman, to defend
the monitor system of construction, or any other
system of naval architecture. Their merits and
defects have been the subject of essays from
experts and officers of high standing in our
Navy. Some of these I have carefully examined,
and the exalted reputation of many of the writers
must give "great force, if it does not add convic-
tion, to their arguments. But few of us are com-
petent to decide this interesting question from our
own knowledge of the principles underlying it,
or from any experience which we ourselves have
had with the vessels. We must necessarily take
tfie testimony of those who have Buch knowledge,
and who possess such experience. Fortunately
we have this testimony, and we have it of such
high character that it should carry conviction to
the minds of all unprejudiced men. I beg the
indulgence of the House while I introduce some
of this testimony. For no other cause lias the
Navy Department been so much and so severely
criticised as for the construction of the monitors,
•and believing myself that the administration of
that Department has been eminently successful,
I propose to show that in the construction of the
monitors it acted with sound judgment, and was
guided by the best lights it could obtain.
The gentleman from Maryland has severely
animadverted upon the building of so many mon-
itors immediately after the contest of the Monitor
and Merrimac, without that careful investigation
which way necessary to secure the Department
and the country against the evils to result, and
which the gentleman endeavoted to show have
resulted, front constructing vessels of 110 value
to us.
The plan for building the first monitor was
submitted to a hoard of admiralty before it was
adopted by the Department, and this board was
composed of Admirals Smith, Davis, and Pauld-
ing. "We may form some idea of the favorable
opinion of the plan entertained by the board and
of the prompt action of the Department by the
following quotation from a letter wiitten by her
constructor (Ericsson) to the New York Herald
upon the subject:
"A more prompt and spirited action is probably not on
record iti a similar case than that of the Navy Depaitment
as regards the Monitor. The committee oi naval command-
ers, appointed by the Secretaiy t>  deeido on the plans of
gunboats laid before the Dfipaitment, occupied mo le.s> than
two hours in ox-plaining my new system. In about two
hours moie the committee had come to a decision. After
their favorable repot t had boon to the Seeretary, f was called
into his otliec, where ] wasdetained le*"<than live minute^.
In order not to lose any tune, the Secretary ordered me 10
*go ahead at once.5 Consequently, while the ehuks ofthe
Department were engaged in drawing up the formal eon-
tract, the iron which now hums flie keel plate ot the Mon-
itor was drawn through the rolling null."
On the 10th of March Captain G. J. Van Brunt,
commanding the frigate Minnesota, gave the fol-
lowing testimony to the merits of tins "cheese-
box," as the honorable gentleman has sneeringlv
called her:
'• At mx a. m. the enemy again appealed, coming down
from Cianey Island, and f beat to quaitei-s. but ihoy 1 an
|M-t my ship and wore heading (or Foitu\>s Monioe. and
the retreat wa- beaten to allow m_\ men to get something
to eat. The Merrimac ran down near to the Hip-Rap*, and
then turned into the channel through which I had come.
Again all hands wete called to quarters and when she
approached withm a mile of us I opened upon iier with my
stern guns, and made sigual to the Monitor to attack the
enemy. She immediately iuu down in my wake, light
within range of the Mcnunac, completely coveimg my
ship as far as was possible with her diminutive dimen-
sions, and, much to my astonishment* laid herself light
alongside of the Mernniac, and the contrast was that of a
pigmy to a giant. Gun after gun was fned by the M0111-
toi, which was returned with whole broadsides from the
rebels, with no more effW't, apparently, than &o many peb-
ble-stones thrown by a child. Alter awhile they com-
menced maneuvering, and we could see the little battery
point her bow for the lebels, with the intention, as I
thought, of sending a shot through her bow port-hole, then
she would shoot by her, and rake her through the stern.
In the mean time the rebels were pouring m broadside after
broadside, but almost all her shot flew over the little sub-
merged propeller, and when they struck the bomb-proof
tower, the shot glanced off without producing any effect,
clearly establishing the fact that wooden vessels cannot
contend with iron-clad ones j for never before was any-
thing like it dreamed of by the greatest enthusiast in mari-
time warfare.
" The JMenlmnCj finding that she could make nothing of
the Monitor, turned her attention once inoietoine. In the
morning she had pat an eleven-inch *hot under my coun-
ter, near the water line ; and now, on her second approach,
I opened upon her with all my broadsulcgunsand ten-inch
pivot—a broad-ido which would have blown out of wafer
any timber-built ship m the world. She returned my lire
with her rifled bowgun, with a shell which passed through
the chief engineer's suite-room, tluough the engineers'
mess-room, amidships, and burst in the boatswain's room,
tearing four rooms nil into one in its passage, and explod-
ing two charges of powder, which set the ship on fire, but
it was promptly extinguished by a patty headed by my first
lieutenant, ilerseeond shell wentthrough the boiler ofthe
tug-boat Dragon, exploding it, and causing some conster-
nation on hoard my ship for the moment, until the matter
vva<! explained. Thistnue I had concontiated upon heran
incessant fiie from mv gun-deck, spai-deck, and loieeastle
pivot gun-*, and was infoimod by my marine ofl'ieet, who
was stationed on the poop, that at least fifty solid shot
struck her on her slanting side without piodneing any
appaient effect. By the time she had lnud hoi thud shell
the little Monitor had comedown upon hei, placing herself
between us, and compelled her to change her position, in
doing whichshe grounded ; and again I pouied into her all
the gnns which could bu brought to bear upon her. Assoon
a->she got off she stood down the bay, the little battery
chasing her with all speed, when suddenly the Merrimac
turned aiound and ran lull speed into her antagonist. For
a moment I wa< anxious; but instantly f saw a shot plunge
into the iron rool'ol theMoiumae, which surely musthave
damaged her."
Under the same dale Captain II. Y. Purviance,
of the frigate St. Lawrence, states the folio wing:
''The Monitor, whose perfonnaneo moie than equaled
the highest expectations, eonmbmed mo-t powejiulty to
the wuhdiawal ofthe Mctrimac, and her eaiher ainval
would have prevented the uniurtuiiate loss of our two de-
fenseless frigates."
In a letter dated the 9th of March, 1962, Chief
Engineer Stimers says, addressing Captain Erics-
son:
" After a stormy passage, which proved us to be the finest
sea boat 1 was ever in, we fought the Merrimac for more
than three houis this forenoon, and sent her back to Nor-
folk in a sinking condition."
Lieutenant S. D. Greene, of the United States
Navy, and executive officer of the Monitor, states,
under date of March ^7, to the Depaitinent:
" I icceived to-day youi communication of the 2r>th in-
stant. i do not consider this steamer a sea-going vessel.
Dunne her passage fiom New Yoik her roll was ^ cry easy
and slow, and not at all deep. She pitched very little and
with no strain whatever. She 1>, (movant and not vety
lively. The inconveniences we experienced can be easily
remedied. For smooth-watoi opoiations,sueh as -he was
engaged in on the 9th mutant, 1 think hei a mo->t doshubJo
ve.-sel. The opinion of experienced seamen on board is
the same as my own."
The Department had therefore the action of a
board of admiralty recommending a trial of the
monitor plan. It had the evidence of the remark-
able invulnerability ofthe completed vessel in tins
contest. It had the testimony of all these naval
ofliceis, and the oral representations of many
more in praise of the vessel, and it knew the dis-
aster that would have resulted to us if the Merri-
mac had not been defeated. It knew that the
Merrimac was not destroyed, and had no means
of knowing whether she had been seriously dam-
aged. It knew that other iron-plated vessels were
being constructed by the rebels, and it knew the
responsibility which rested upon it of providing
for the increasing efforts of the rebels in the same
direction. It had no other armoted vessel afloat
upon tide-water with which to compare the mer-
its of the Monitor. Those on the Mississippi had
been eminently successful under the skillful and
gallant Footc, but they were not capable of being
moved from harbor to harbor on the sea-coast.
The iron-dads of Europe had not given satisfac-
tion to the Powers which constructed.them. Our
own Ironsides had nut yet been completed, and
was notformany months afterwards. The wants
of the Government were immediate, were press-
ing, and were of the most extraordinary charac-
ter. With all this testimony in favor of the Mon-
itor, and the absence of any better plan being
submitted and successfully tested,the Department
was not only justified in building as many mon-
itors as Congress would pay for, but it would
have been culpable in the highest degree «not to
have put them in the course of immediate con-
struction. The wisdom of the decision of the
Department to build these monitors was not only
sustained by the state of facts at the time they
were placed under construction, but the testimony
which is borne by the highest officers of the Gov-
ernment in their favor since they have been com-
pleted and tried makes the action of the Depart-
ment in this whole matter as invulnerable as are
the vessels themselves. I propose as briefly as •
possible to present a small part of this testimony,
but sufficient, I trust, to prove the truth of this
asseition.
Rear Admiral Dahlgren, in his report on iron-
clads, says:
" During the progress of the engineers toward Wagner
the iion-dads played an important pait, using their guns
whenevei an oppoitunity t>ffeied,as shown in the instances
quoted on page 583. It may be readily conceived that, all
things being equal, it wa^ just as easy lor the rebels to have
woiked toward oui position us it was lorour troops to work
towaid theus. But there was a seiious difference 111 the
fact that the cannon of the iron-chuta, and also of thegun-
boats, completely enfiladed the entne width of the narrow
island, and absolutely interdicted any operation of the kind
on the pait of the rebels. In addition, whenever theirlno
was bearing severely on 0111 own woikinon,a request liom
the geneial always drew the fire oi the vessels; and I do
not know that it tailed to be effective in any instance.
"As a consequence the rebel-* were lestricied to Wag-
nei. and weie powerless to hinder the progress of the
trenches that were at last carried into the very ditch of the
work, and decided its evacuation without assault."
**********
"The duties ofthe iron-clads were not performed under
idle batteries. The guns ot VVagner never failed to open
on them, and fiied until their crews were driven, by those
of our iron-clads, to take shelter in the bomb-pioofs. One
of the'-e cannon, a ten-inch, left deep dents on every tur-
ret that will not easily be effaced." * * * *
" Duung the opei.iuons ngatiist Morris Island the nine
uon-cliuls fired eight thousand projectiles, and lcceivod
eight bundled and eighty two hits. Including the setvice
at rUnntei In Apul and the Ugeehoe, the total number was
eleven hundred and ninety lom." * * * *
"The battonug icceived was withont precedent. The
Montauk bad been stuick twohundied and fouiteen times;
the Weehawken 0410 hundred and emhiy-scven tunes, and
almost entncly by teri-ineh shot. Whatvesselo have ever
been subjected to such a test?" * * "• *
" The speed of the monitors is not great, (seven knots,)
but it is quite respectable with a clean bottom, and is fully
equal to that 01 the Itonsides. Their steeiage is peculiar,
bui when undeistood and lightly managed not difficult of
control. They pivot with eeleniy, and in less space than
almost any other class of vessel." * * * *
"The monitors could operate in most of the channels;
could direct their fiie around the whole circle, and were
almost equally well defended on all sides.
"The delects in both elates of vessels are susceptible
of beinuicinedied pamaliy 01 entiiely. The defense ofthe
11 onsidos i ould be made complete, and that of the monitors
equally so." ********
"•The Ironsides is a fine, poweifuiship. Iier armor has
stood heavy battel uig veiy well, and Isei broadside of seven
eleven-inch guns and one eight-inch riile has always told
with signal effect when opened on the enemy. Diauglit of
water about fifteen and a half to sixteen foot. Speed six
to seven knots, and ciew about four hundred and forty
men."
As no other officer in the service has had so
much experience with the monitors, arid none ore
more competent to judge of their met its than this
able officer, his testimony is entitled to the high-
est respect.
Admiral Porter's testimony of the seaworthi-
ness and efficiency of the monitors at Fort Fisher
is of such lecent date and possesses such deep
interest that it is doubtless fresh in the minds of
the members of the House and need not be le-
peated.
In his letter to the Department, dated February
16, 18G4, he says of the first momtoi:
mnember pronouncing, that vessel ' a perfect suc-
cess,' * and capable of defeating an v thing that then floated.'
I was looked upon at that time a* something of an enthu-
siast, as my opinions were widely at variance with those of
some scientific gentlemen. The ie;>uits have ju-ftiled mo
in forming a high estimate of the monitor punciple."
In this connection the opinion of the able chief
of the Engineer corps of the Army.is not without
great interest. General Barnard .s'ays:
'v I fonn^d a high opinion of atmored and tuireted ves-
sels bm!f after Mr. ie-son'* designs, partieu!a>ly as bar-
hot do;en-e \es.-eK; in fact coming to the conclusion that
ht-s plan-* fums-di the best soluiioti of the pjnbleui of con-
structing ves-eis for tin- purpose. I also behoved that m
the Dictator and Puritan we should have ve&seJa capable of
