1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
>38*
to pay a clerk for helping to revise the laws of
the District.
JYlr. MORRILL. That is what it is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is understood, and the
Senate wiil vote fur it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we have already
provided for this commission.
Mr. MORRILL. There is no provision forit.
Mr. SHERMAN. We are now paying com-
missioners to revise the laws of the District.
Mr. MORRILL. This is a proposition to pay
them.
Mr. GRIMES. Is there no other appropria-
tion?
Mr. MORRILL. This is the only one.
Mr. WADE. I hope this amendment will be
-agreed to. The Government is really pledged to
this thing already, and it is a small matter, but
it will be very valuable to us.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to obtain the sense
of the Senate on the following amendment which
I offered in committee:
For fog signals at Point Judith, Rhode Island, Execution
Rocks, and Hart Island, New York, $10,000.
This is an estimate of the Department. Ithas
been before the committee, and before theTreas-
ury Department, and they want it. If it was pos-
sible I would contribute theamountmyself, know-
ing it to be so serviceable to the country.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We adopted this once, I
think.
Mr. JOHNSON. No, it was rejected.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It was rejected because it
was not explained. Itis oneof the mostimport-
ant adjuncts of the light-house system that there
is; and it is upon one of the mostdangerous por-
tions of the coast, where there is the most busi-
ness done, where there is the most commerce,
where the Government receives the most revenue.
Why, sir, in my deliberate judgment, seven
eighths of the appropriations upon this bill are
not to be compared in value or in importance to
the country with this one.
Mr. GRIMES. Are there any similar kind of
signals along the coast?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes, sir; and this is for re-
pairing some, and establishing others absolutely
necessary, and believed to be so by the Light-
House Board.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 now renew myamend-
ment for a harbor of refuge on Lake Michigan:
That the sum of $88,541 be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
approbated, to he expended under the direction of the
Secretary of War, for the construction.of a passage into a
haibor of refuge at Fiankfort on Lake Michigan, in the
State of Michigan.
I will not occupy the time of the Senate; but I
deem this proposition of vital importance to the
commerce of the lakes. That region is called
the grave-yard of the lakes. The losses of prop-
erty during the last summer were several hundred
thousand dollars, and the loss of life was very
great, and has been so for years. There are two
hundred miles of coast without a single harbor.
Here is a lake with a narrow strip of sandbank
to be cut through, which will accommodate
some four or five hundred vessels of the largest
size. The Department estimates the cost of
making a perfect harbor of refuge there at $84,000,
and upon the estimate of the Department the
Committee on Commerce has recommended the
establishment of this harbor. I hope the Senate
will adopt the recommendation of the committee.
I believe it isof more consequence than any other
appropriation on the bill. The commerce passing
that point amounts to more than five hundred
millionsperannum. The loss ofhfeand property
annually is incalculable. Michigan has but little
interest in this matter—not half the interest of
Illinois, or Pennsylvania, or Ohio, or any other
State—but it isa question of nationalimportance,
and I hope the Senate will adopt the appropriation.
The amendment was rejected; there being, on
a division—ayes seven, noes not eounted.
The amendments were ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third time. It was read
the third time.
Mr. POWELL. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 26, nays 5; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckaiew, Chandler, Clark,
Conness, Cowan, Doolittle, Farwell, Foster, Harlan, Har-
ris, Hendricks, Howard, Howe. Johnson, Lane of Indiana,
Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Nesmith, Ramsey, Sher-
man, Spragne, Stewart, Sumner, and Van Winkle—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Grimes, Powell, Trumbull, and
Wade—5.
ABSENT — Messrs. Carlile, Collamer, Davis, Dixon,
Foot, Hale, Harding, Henderson, McDongali, Nye, Pome-
roy,Richardson, Kiddle, Saul&bury, Ten JSyck, Wilkinson,
Wiiley, Wilson, and Wright—19.
So the bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherso.v, its Clerk, announced that
the House had disagreed to theamendmentof the
Senate to the joint resolution of the House (H.
R. No. 141) reducing the duty on printing paper,
unsized, used for books and newspapers exclu-
sively, asked a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Mr. E. B. Washburne of Illinois, Mr.
J. F. Wilson of Iowa, and Mr. H. L. Dawes
of Massachusetts, managers at the same on its
part.
The message further announced that the House
of Representatives had disagreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill of the House (H.
R. No. 667) to provide for two assistant local in-
spectors of steamboats in the city of New York,
and two local inspectors at Galena, Illinois, and
to reestablish the board of local inspectors at
Wheeling, and also to amend the act approved
June 8, 1864, entitled "An act to create an addi-
tional inspector of steamboats and two local in-
spectors of steamboats for collection districts of
Memphis and Oregon, and for other purposes,"
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
E. B. Washburne of Illinois, Mr. T. D. Eliot
of Massachusetts, and Mr. F. C. Le Blond of
Ohio, managers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the House
had agreed to the resolution of the Senate against
any recognition on the part of the United States
of the rebel debt or loan under any circumstances.
The message further announced that the House
had receded from its disagreement to the first
amendment of the Senate to the bill (H. It. No.
683) making appropriations for the support of
the Army for the year ending 30th June, 1866,
and agreed to the same.
The message further announced that the House
had passed a bill (H, R. No. 812) allowing the
further time of five years to those holding lands
by entries in the Virginia military districtof Ohio,
which were made prior to the 1st of January, 1852,
to have the same surveyed and patented, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message furtherannounced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions; which were thereupon
signed by the Vicc President:
A bill (S. No. 274) for the reliefof John Hast-
ings, collector of the port of Pittsburg;
A bill (S. No. 380) supplemental to the act ap-
proved July 1, 1862, "for the disposal of coal
lands and of town property on the public domain ;n
A bill (S. No. 472) to provide for the construc-
tion of certain wagon roads in the Territories of
Idaho, Montana, Dakota, and Nebraska;
^ A bill (H. R. No. 710) to extend the time for
the completion of certain railroads to which land
grants have been made in the States of Michigan
and Wisconsin;
A bill (H. R. No. 805) to repeal the eighth sec-
tion of an act entitled u An act in addition to the
several acts concerning commercial intercourse
between loyal and insurrectionary States, and to
provide for the collcction of captured and aban-
doned property, and the prevention of frauds in
States declared m insurrection," approved July
2, 1864, and for other purposes;
A joint lesolution (S. R. No. 89) directing in-
quiry into the condition of the Indian tribes and
their treatment by the civil and military author-
ities; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 121) to purchase
mail pouches or boxes of Marshall Smith's pat-
ent for the postal service, and for other purposes.
DUTY ON PRINTING PAPER.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 141)
reducing the duty on printing paper, un
for books and newspapers exclusively, disagreed
to by the House of Representatives; and
On motion by Mr. SHERMAN,4t was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon Its amendments
to the said resolution disagreed to by the House of Repre-
sentatives, and agree to the conference asked by the House
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part ot the Senate
he appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Messrs.
Howe, Anthony, and Lane of Kansas.
STEAMBOAT INSPECTORS.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 667) to provide for
two assistant local inspectors of steamboats in
the city of New York, and for two local inspect-
ors at Galena, Illinois, and to reestablish the
board of local inspectors at Wheeling; ami also
to amend the act approved June 8,1864, entitled
"An act to create an additional inspector of
steamboats for collection districts of Memphis
and Oregon, and for other purposes," disagreed
to by the House of Representatives; and
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, it was
Resolved, That the Senate ins-ist upon its amendments
to the said bill disagreed to by tho House of Representa-
tives, and ngiee to the conference a*>ked by the House on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Oideted, Tltat tho confetee*? on the. part of the Senate
be appointed by the Vice President.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Messrs.
Grimes, Chandler, and Morrii.l.
LAW or EVIDENCE.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask the unanimous
consent of the Senate to take up House bill No.
657. It is that little bill which was nearly fin-
ished a night or two ago in reference to the right
totestify inone'sown case; providing thata party
shall not be allowed to testify against dead men.
1 believe everybody is in favor of it.
Mr. BROWN. Let us dispose of the bills that
require to be enrolled first.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This will not take two
minutes. Everybody I believe agrees to it.
Mr. SUMNER. I doubt whether we should
proceed with that bill. I doubt the expediency
of the change proposed by it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then, sir, I move to
postpone ail prior orders and take up the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand that a motion to
go into executive session is now in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 make that motion. There
are a great many appointments on the table that
ought to be attended to, and attended to between
now and ten o'clock.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have tried for two or
three weeks to get this bill considered. I have
"110 interest in it, but I have been asked to get it
through. I should like to get it through; but I
am not going to beg much about it.
Mr. CLARK. 1 hope the Senate will not go
at present into executive session. There are sev-
eral little bills that ought to be passed that I have
charge of, so that they may be engrossed if they
are passed. We can attend to executive business
after they are attended to. I think we should
attend to those bills first.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are some very im-
portant nominations that should be disposed of.
Mr. GRIMES. Some of those appointments
are to be contested, to my knowledge, and they
are of vast importance.
Mr. CLARK. It may be so, but perhaps not
more important than these bills.
Mr. SHERMAN. Those that 1 refer to are
not contested. They are the appointments of
collectors and assessors.
Mr. CLARK. There will be time enough to
attend to them between ten and eleven o'clock.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate proceed to the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. SUMNER. I will make one remark with
regard to the necessity of our speeding matters
now. This Hall must be cleansed and purified
before the proceedings can go on att\\telve o'clock.
There must be an interval of some two or three
hours for the attendants of the building to take
care of that.
Mr. WADE. It will want it more afterward
than now. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. That is another question. I
