1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
encounteiing the heaviest seas, if not of keeping the sea a
long time, and making transatlantic voyages, and that,
fnun their armament and slight explaine to an enemy's
shot, i hey would contend successfully with anything
afloat."
To this testimony I might go on and add the
testimony of Commodore Rodgersand other offi-
cers in the Navy; but enough lias certainly been
adduced to show that the Department has acted
with good judgment in ordering the monitors,
and to satisfy any unprejudiced mind that our
iron-clads are not only not a failure, but consti-
tute the hope, the piide, and the bulwark of the
Republic. That they have faults I have no doubt,
but they are better than anything our enemies
have, and before they get anything to equal them
the ingenuity of our constructors will have per-
fected the novel ideas of Captain Ericsson and
others, and we will still be ahead of all competitors.
The Department has been assailed for not con-
structing more vessels of the Ironsides type in-
stead of so many monitors. It is denounced for
constructing monitors before their merits were
fully established by other contests and trials be-
sides that with the Merrimac. But the assailants
of the Department forget that no contracts for
ocean vessels have been made since the trial of
the Ironsides, for the very good reason that Con-
gress refused the necessary appropriation for the
purpose. The plan of Mr. Webb for the Dun-
derberg and that of Mr. Whitney for the Keokuk
were the only plans for ocean vessels approved by
the board of officers appointed to examine and re-
port upon them while the Ironsides was building.
The eminent success of the Monadnock not
only bears evidence to the ability of the officials
of the Department, but to the wisdom of ordering
the construction of four of this class, all designed
in the Department and constructed in our own
navy-yards. They are double-turreted vessels,
buiitof wood, and heavily plated.
The gentleman told us on last Thursday that
our irou-clud navy was a failure. Constiuctions
that have grown up like magic under the inspiring
touch of Ameiican energy and American talent,
and which constituted the pride of our people and
the bulwark of the nation against foreign arro-
gance; this best bower of the ship ,of State, upon
which our faith was resting to hold us in safety
from the hidden rocks and breakers of hostile
shores, is declared to be a failure. These terrible
engines of naval war that bear upon their mailed
coats countless marks of shot and shell, that have
been so carefully studied by the ablest engineers
of enlightened Europe for the last three years,
which have furnished models to be copied by Den-
mark and Sweden and Russia, after the most ma-
ture and careful investigations, are declined to be
failures. We are gravely told that this iron-ciad
navy has accomplished nothing; that they have
never silenced forts of any kind. Sha^ of the
immortal Foote! are the glories of Fort Henry so
soon forgotten? Ilave the dead on the decks of
the DeKalb, the Cincinnati, and their consorts at
Donelson, no place in the national memory ? Are
the flies which lighted the island scenery of No.
10 from a hundred iion throats, as the Caronde-
let and Pittsburg passed them, no longer remem-
bered? Is the desperate conflict with the rebel
rams at Fort Pillow and at Memphis not written m
American history? Was nothing done by the
gallant Porter and the Essex, when the Arkansas
•was destroyed? Have the trophies of Arkansas
Post'no glorious reminiscences? Has the history
of Vieksbuig and Grand Gulf been lost in obliv-
ion ? Why did the old salamander, he of the iron
heart, with the laurels of New Orleans fresh upon
his brow, and the praises of a great nation for his
gallant deeds still echoing over the land; why, I
say, did our country's pride, the noble Farragut,
deem it unsafe to attack Mobile until lie had
four of these iron-clads which are pronounced so
Worthless by the gentleman from Maryland r Did
the four hundred and fifty-pounder that crashed
thi ough the side of the Tennessee effect nothing ?
Nor the one hundred and eighty-pounder blows
of the Mississippi river iron-clads, when dis-
abling her steering gear and closing her ports,
effect nothing, when the lighter shots of the
wooden vessels were falling harmless upon her?
Will the gentleman from Maryland insist that the
wooden vessels captured the almost impregnable
Tennessee, when the published survey of the
captured vessel made by Captains Jenkins and
Alden, Commander Le Roy, and Chief Engineer
Wilkinson? shows exactly how the damage was
inflicted that placed her at the mercy of the fleet ?
He sees no virtue in an iron-clad carrying hundreds
of tons of armor to enable her to cope with our
enemies unless she steers with all the facility of a
pleasure yacht; and because one of the four iron-
clads which entered Mobile bay on the 5th of
August had her turrets disabled in that fierce con-
test, he condemns the whole as worthless.
For the information of the honorable gentleman,
and to correct any false impression as to the value
of the four double-turreted vessels now holding
the harbor of Mobile, I will ask the Clerk to read
a poruon of a private letter from a brave and skill-
ful officer in the fleet at Mobile to the gentleman
who designed and constructed those vesselson the
Mississippi river. This officer holds the very im-
portant position of fleet engineer of the western
Gulf blockading squadron, and knowing him well,
I can bear my humble testimony to his purity of
character as well as the value of his testimony.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Wkst Gui.f Squadron,
Engineer's Department, December 15,18g4.
* My Dear Sir: * * * * I know you have
been kept posted on our monitors by your many tru'wU* at-
tached to them m our squadron. You have no doubt been
informed that with a little effoit wo got the oilier two,
namely, the Milwaukee and Kickapoo. F got the admiral
to change off the Manhattan (line-son monitor) and the
lebel Jdiu Tonnes-bee for them, and before tins gets to you
we shrill have them at anchor within three miles of Mo-
bile, the only vessels upon which we depend for an en-
trtc to that haibor when we get ready to make the start.
They have giown so in favor with everybody that it almost
amounts to an affection, particularly alter the fight in Mo-
bile bay.
I feel happy to think that these vessels have come up to
my expectations, and that I succeeded m carrying out my
views and wishes., long binee expressed, namely, to get
them in the Mobile light. They did it, and 1 am satisfied.
Youis truly,
WILLIAM S. SHOCK, U. S. iV.
To James IJ. Eads, Esq.
Mr. BLOW. I will state that 1 myself have
heard Admiral Farragut speak in the highest terms
of these vessels. He does not hesitate to say that
they are absolutely necessary now to hold Mobile
bay; that the management of the iron-clad Chicka-
saw was splendid, and that the strength and power
of the Manhattan was tcniiic. I agree with my
friend from Maryland that Farragut can go any-
where in a wooden vessel, but that is simply be-
cause he is an iron-cfed himself. But i have still
other evidence from an impartial naval officer
who has always bean mgordud with favor by our
countrymen, and who diileis widely with the gen-
tleman from Maryland in regard to these costly
guns inclosed in a cheese-box. It is dated Clare-
mont, Januaty li, 18(j5, is from the Ptince de
Joinvilie, and the exti acts from it read as follows:
" The ulorious action of the K '.\if<ugc and Alabama, and
the magnificent tight of Adinnal F.irragut,in«st he studied
in all their details. The mode of lighting thefoitsadopted
by Admiral Fairagut was an act of genius, and his orders
were carried out in the mof-t beauuiul manner, liut the
Tennessee win a very serious enemy, and it required the
fifteen inch at close quaiters to do it fur her.
' i( The amount of leMftaner* fin mshrd by the Tennessee,
and eveij othei ex.imple iiljom war. show how useful non-
elads aie for haibor and coast defense. EnglMi, Fieneh,
Italians, Tuiks. and ^punwrds aie building veiy expen-
sive s-ea going non-clad-, but with some mi-giving, ami I
undei-tiind their nn-giving*. JUiild a tniuboat ot gteat
speed, with a few lines ol thickness in bed-plates in ex-
ee-ss of tho^e of the IhiglNh and Fiench non-duds, and
with one good big smooth-bore gun, and she will be a match
for the whole fleet."
I like this letter. It shows a correct apprecia-
tion of our Navy and of the genius of our people.
The gentleman from Maryland, not recollect-
ing the unfortunate result attending a previous
controversy on the subject of improved steam ma-
chinery, has alluded in ratherunhandsome teims
to that designed by the Depaitinerit, and now be-
ing built for our new vesscls-of-war. It is well
known throughout the world that we are specially
skilled m the planning and manufacturing of steam
engines, and thr completeness of our great con-
structions for the merchant and naval service is
universally acknowledged. I beg to refer him to the
report of the Naval Committee of the House who
have so ably vindicated their industry and ability
on this floor, and which is thus noticed by the
Army and Navy Register in its issue of last Sat-
urday, the 4th instant:
"The Naval Committee of the ITou-e arc understood to
have unanimously adopted the repoif of then eliaiinian.
Mr. A. II. Kick, on the subject ot the resolution introduced
duungthe last session, ori theeonduionof naval machinery
built by Mr. Ishenvood, the duel of tho Bureau of tituam
Engineering} tho causes of the faifcjre x>£ the machinery
of the Pen&acoJa, from the plans of Mr. N- Dickerson,
and the administration of the engineering department of
the Navy, including the charges of fraud and incapacity.
The report vindicates the management of tlie Bureau of
Steam Engineering, stating that the machinery ia in ac~
coidauce with the latest improvements, and that fh.e mode
adopted of using the steam, with a very moderate measure of
expansion, is in accordance with the most recent sefenfrfie
researches and practical experiments, and has the indorse-
ment of all able audexpeiienced engineers. The compari-
son of his machinery with that previously constructed for
our Navy, and for the French and English navies, and for
the merchant marine, shows an incontestable superiority
and a greater speed of vessels."
Mr. Chairman, the iron-clad' vessels alluded
to as having achieved the great victories that So
strengthened the cause of the Union in the valley
of the Mississippi, were mostly constructed by
a man whose genius was brought forth by this
rebellion and the necessities of the country, and
whose future, if we are faithful to ourselves, will
be as brilliant as his past has been patriotic and
useful. I allude, sir, to the only genius of the
day who is now conceded by the naval men of
this country to be without a superior, if he has
a rival—James B. Eads, of St. Louis, who has
constructed twenty-one iron-clad vessels, whose
successes are the pride of the whole nation.
Sir, if the entire monitor and iron-clad fleets
constructed on the sea-board had failed, and noth-
ing had been accomplished exceptwhat has been
achieved by the western iron-clau navy, this coun-
try could well afford to forgive the errors which
had caused such a failure in the magnificent result
we have obtained through their agency West. If
the twenty light-draught monitors now construct-
ing, about which so much has been said, are fail-
ures, a result which I hope will never be estab-
lished, I still contend that, taking all that the
entire Navy has done, there are no services equal
lo it in the history of navies and navy struggles.
Let those at home who are not satisfied with re-
sults which have startled England and France
fiom their fancied security, enlighten us as to the
exact method which they would have-pursued
under similar circumstances and in detail, and
then we can be able to judge better of the errors
complained of.
And are we to be told that this great country
cannot in times like these go boldly into con-
structions and experiments, if you please, which
promise at least success? Are we to stand still
when our rebel adversaries, weak in money and
mechanics, are duplicating their Merrimacs, At-^
lantas, and Tennessces? Is our Government to
be held up to the criticisms of the world, and our
own people to bo the means of exhibiting every
little failure made in this gigantic struggle? Are
the men whoso integrity, patriotism, skill, and
devotion have never been doubted, to be pros-
trated the very hour when their labors are being
crowned with success? Let us indulge the hope,
sir, that such a result will not occur.
There are now in the Department plans of a
steamer that if is claimed can run to the city of
London and back again without coaling, and de-
stroy within the time $500,000,000 of English prop-
erty on the way and in that city, resisting all the
engines of war yet devised by English skill and
English gold. These plans have been submitted
by one whose enterprises have ever been success-
ful, and whose genius has been acknowledged by
the highest naval authorities of our country.
My feelings and policy dictate that we should
go on in the work of construction. Now, more
than ever, do we need Ironsides, Monadnocks,
and the Leviathan that can destroy the hopes of
tyrants as well as their cities and forts. Let us
not waste our time in idledisputesand unfriendly
criticisms. Remember that Bull Run, Chickasaw
Bluffs, Red River, and the two hundred thousand
dead m Virginia, are passed over in the glorious
victories and marches of Grant, Sherman, Sheri-
dan, and Thomas; and so must our errors of con-
struction, if they really exist, be forgotten in the
brilliant achievements which have immortalized
Foote, Farragut, Davis, Porter, Du Pont, Dahl-
gren, and a host of other naval heroes.
But I pass, Mr. Chairman, with much pleasure
from the discussion of points that I deeply regret
were ever pressed upon us, and beg the attention
of the committee to some considerations of grave
inn portance.
We have achieved our present supremacy on
the ocean as a result incident to the suppression
of the rebellion. Possessing the domination of
