624
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 6.
But another step; and it is to the gentleman I
refer. He spoke about my inaccuracy touching
the consideration of the bill before the committee,
and said, if I understood him correctly, that it
liad been considered promptly by the committee
after I had requested the honorable gentleman and
some others to have it considered, whether at the
last session or the present session I do not remem-
ber. "When that consideration took place I do not
know, and the honorable gentleman does. But
if I was misled, I was misled, by the statement
of the distinguished gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Spalding,] a member of the committee, who,
when I moved this amendment formally, said to
the House, as an objection to its consideration,
that it " is now undergoing investigation before that
committee;" and if it was decided before that time,
I was not at fault in supposing it had not been
decided. If it was decided since that time, i am
right in supposing that the judgment was made
while my amendment was pending, in order to
affect the judgment of the House unfavorably and
irregularly upon it.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Does not the
honorable gentleman from Maryland know that
the Committee on Naval Affairs have had no
opportunity whatever to report on that measure?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. That is not the
question; the question is, when the committee
came to their conclusion upon it.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman yield a mo-
ment?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. It is impossible,
unless my time is extended.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman said they came to
an adverse conclusion.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. He did not make
such a statement.
Mr. PIKE. It is upon the record.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. No, sir; he made
that statement afterwards, when the amendment
was under consideration; when I referred to his
statement that the bill was undergoing investiga-
tion, and therefore undetermined, when I moved
the amendment, he asketl to be allowed to interrupt
me, and said, for the satisfaction of the gentleman
I tell him the committee have come to a conclu-
sion, and determined to report against the meas-
ure. I am correct, or the gentlemen of the com-
mittee differ among themselves, and .1 cannot
adjust their differences.
But how have the-gentlemen treated the meas-
ure itself? From beginning to end as if I had in-
troduced this bill to annex the British system of
a Board of Admiralty to the organization of the
Navy Department. There was no other ground
of objection or point of observation made by either
of those gentlemen, so far as I could understand
them. I desire to say that gentlemen who are
arguing from the Board of Admiralty in England
against the measure 1 adduce either do not know
what the Board of Admiralty of England js, or
they never have icad or understood this bill. The
Board of Admiralty is the Navy Department of
England. The six lords administer the navy,
not advise a single head. They are the execu-
tive body itself, not a council to advice another
head. It is formed upon the old system of the
Government of England, which is ministerial, by
a board of ministers and not by the nominal head,
the king. The Board of Admiralty is carrying
the organization of the ministry into the admin-
istrative depaitment of the navy. That is the
peculiarity of the system. Against that peculi-
arity the objections to the Board of Admiralty in
England are directed alone. It is that peculiarity
which I do not propose to adopt, and it is upon
this peculiarity of that board that these gentle-
men have argued here against the amendment
which I inttoduced.
The gentleman who is chairman of the Naval
Committee stated that a boaid of naval commis-
sioncis was appointed underalaw passed m 1815,
and that that law was repealed, and the bureau sys-
tem wasadopted in 1842. The buiden of his argu-
ment was that the naval commission of 1815 was
such a board as I propose now. Why, Mr. Chair-
man, does not the gentleman understand the his-
tory of the organization of the Department which
he here represents and attempts to defend ? The
Navy Commissioners of 1815 were the ministerial
organization of the Department, for which were
substituted the present buieaus, now the minis-
terial portion of the D^pai rnient, executing the
instructions of the Secretary of the Navy. What
1 propose—and I hope now„at least, I shall be
able to make myself understood—what I propose
is, not to remove the bureaus, not to substitute
any other organization to discharge their minis-
terial duties, nor to interfere with the free discre-
tion of the Secretary, but to interpose, on the
French system, between the administrative dis-
cretion of the Secretary and the ministerial obe-
dience of the bureaus a council of naval officers,
whose advice the Secretary may command on all
matters, whose opinions he must take on some
matters, but which when taken he is free to dis-
regard. Is that intelligible? As the President
has his Cabinet, so the Secretary shall have his
advisers. I would have the Secretary, without
restricting his executive discretion, surrounded
by advisers of competent professional knowledge,
who would prevent blunders,expose errors, and
furnish light if the Secretary have only eyes; or
if he had light, give him greater light. The
weaker he is the more he needs it; the wiser he
is the more he will prize and profit by it. The
very foundation of the American system of gov-
ernment is an executive head with a council of
advisers around him.
In view of the great errors and blunders that
have been committed by the present administra-
tion of the Navy Department, I endeavor to ap-
ply thatsame system to the Secretary of the Navy
so as to surround him with professional advisers
who may save him from repeating the errors of
the past by mere caprice, by mere blundering, or
by mere carelessness or haste. If he had the
genius of Napoleon Bonaparte he would need
advice, and if he were as wise as Napoleon be-
fore empire crazed him, he would seek and not
decline it. Those who are familiar with the writ-
ings of the great historian of the Consulate and
Empire know that in his earlier and better days,
when he exhibited greater administrative capacity
than any man who had ruled France since tlie
days of Richelieu, he adopted no great measure
of questions of war or peace, of diplomatic policy
or internal administration, until it had been de-
bated fully, freely.and deliberately by his coun-
cil around him. The fruits of that consultation
appeared in hisjudgment which closed the sitting,
and in the event which consolidated France and
revolutionized Europe. It was only when an in-
sane ambition—as a smaller ambition here leads
people to discaid advice and avoid professional
advisers, and inflict on this land of law all the
evils of personal rule—only when an insane
ambition had bent him on to the conquest of all
Europe, and when his projects would not stand
discussion even in his own private councils, that
the campaign of Russia and the invasion of Spain
wore determined on, without consultation, in spite
of remonstrances now sunk to whispers, on
mere fancies of his own imagination; and he fol-
lowed them to hia ruin. It js thus all merely
personal government must end, and it is from
mere personal irresponsible rule the Navy is now
suffering. If Napoleon could take advice, cer-
tainly Mr. Welles should not be above it. If he
needed counselors around him, I submit that Mr.
Fox is not a sufficient counselor for the Secretary
of the Navy.
Now, what do I propose? First, that profes-
sional officers shall be appointed by the Presi-
dent. Next, that they shall advise the Secretary
of the Navy on every matter relating to naval
administration, naval legislation, and the appli-
cation of the naval force in time of war. It does
not compel him to follow, it gives him the privi-
lege of taking, the advice of this boaid. But on
the great subjects that involve vast expenditures,
the oiganization of navy-yards, the structure of
new vessels, the forms of iron-clads, the adop-
tion of new machinery, the pursuit of investiga-
tions in new departments of inquiry—on these
subjects the bill says, not that the Secretary shall
be bound to come to the same conclusion with
the boaid, but that ho shall come to no conclu-
sion, and shall make no order, until he has taken
the advice of this board. Tell me what harm ad-
vice can do him. It does not divide the responsi-
bility. It does not delay his judgment, it. does
not control his conclusions. It puts light around
him, and then leaves him to take the way to rum
if he sees fit to do so, on his responsibility be-
fore the American people, with the advice which
he has had, and which we have provided for him,
lying printed beneath his eyes, to condemn or to
justify him.
The honorable gentleman who heads the Naval
Committee [Mr. Rice, of Massachusetts] has
informed us that boards have been organized, from
time to time, by the Navy Department, for its
assistance, and that that is done continually.
Then; sir, if the Department, at its discretion,
feels the necessity of advice, why should not the
country have the benefitof theexperience of men
responsible to it, appointed under the law by the
President and confirmed by the Senate, whose
opinions shall stand before the country, instead
of having a commission,packed for the occasion,
responsible to no law and no person,but simply
executing the Secretary's will and caprice? Why
should we not have this board, instead of one to
be summoned, as in the case of the additionalex-
penses of the Dictator, for the pSrpose of revising
the decision of another board, and of coming to
a conclusion more satisfactory to the Department?
the results of their adverse judgment known only
by accident, and after Congress, in ignorance of
their findings, hadimprovidently ratified the reck-
less extravagance of the Department for " the
honor and interest" of the Government.
The committee treat my observations on their
hunt for a navy-yard as an imputation on them.
Nothing is further from my meaning. My com-
plaint at the loss of theirservices in the House was
wholly playful; but the argument which pointed
my remark was sharp and direct, and that the'y
evaded under cover of a personal complaint. Gen-
tlemen have treated this measure as an imputation
on the Administration. Perhaps they did not un-
derstand the point of my argument; they did not
answer it. It was that the Committee on Naval
Affairs conceded, last session, the necessity of
advice by constituting themselves into a board
of admiralty for the Secretary of the Navy. If
they thought he needed advice and that they were
competent to advise him on the choice of navy-
yards, is not a board of naval officers as compe-
tent and as necessary to give advice upon the great
questions of naval administration?
But, in the pursuit of their argument derived
from the experience of the Board of Admiralty ill
England, the honorable gentlemen brought them-
selves, I think, intodiveis inconsistencies. They
even attempted to play on our prejudices in favor
of American genius. They are not moie Ameri-
can than I am. They attempted to awaken the
susceptibilities of this House by imputations that
1 had depreciated the enterprise of the American
Navy. Mr. Chairman,every officerof the Amer-
ican Navy knows that I am pleading his cause;
and if 1 do not give the names of officeis of the
first position in the Navy who hang breathless on
the passage of the measure, it is because the As-
sistant Secretary of the Navy says that courts-
martial are organized to convict.
But, sir, let us puisue the argument on the ques-
tion of the English Board of Admiralty. Not-
withstanding this perpetual American gasconade
about the performances of the Monitor in Hamp-
ton Roads, which, we are told, according to Eng-
lish authority quoted here, has madeall theirships
useless, neither Fiance nor England has built a
single monitor; and that was in 1862, and we are
now in 1865. Russia has built thn teen monitois,
we are boastfully told. When did Russia become
a naval Power whose opinions could instruct
Americans on a question of naval armament? Sir,
I may have said bitter things in the course of my
observations, but 1 said nothing so bitter and so
insulting to the American Navy or the„Navy De-
partment as that.
But the honorable gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Pike] informs us that English authorities declare
" that all their broadside vessels of the iion-clad
class, like the Warrior, will have to be built over."
Yet there they stand unchanged. England still
adheres to her system of broadside iron-c'ads as
tenaciously as she holds to the " exploded" Board
of Admiralty. 1 suppose that we shall next be
told that England is no naval Power, because she
has changed neither the organization of her Navy
Department nor the structure of the iron-clads that
she has built.
The honorable gentleman has cited another
authority, Sir Charles Napier, and one of the Na-
pieis so proverbial for their quarrels in both
blanches of the English seivice. But what does
he complain of? Unfair piomotion and lack of
