1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. CLARK. We shall get through with this
bill in a moment.
Mr. POWELL. I object to anything being
done until the doors are opened.*
Mr. CLARK. I do not object to that.
Mr. POWELL. I do object to keeping ladies
out there in the rain.
Mr. CLARK, i say 1 do not object to your
motion.
The motion to postpone all prior orders was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Kentucky now moves that the Sergeant-at-Arms
be directed to open the doors and admit such
ladies as have tickets of admission to the galle-
ries.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to know whether
(hat will includegentlemen who accompany them
at present. ["Oh, no."] Very well.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Of course gentlemen with
ladies.
Mr. GRIMES. They never have been al-
lowed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. They were not
included in the Senator's motion as stated by
himself.
Mr.j POWELL. I supposed that gentlemen
escorting ladies would necessarily come in. I
never knew them to be excluded in any civilized
community.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Chair
will again state the question. The Senator moves
that the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to open the
doors for the admission of such ladies and gen-
tlemen as have tickets of admission.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to amend that mo-
tion by striking out " gentlemen."
Mr. POWELL. O/iiy such gentlemen as have
ladies under their escort.
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 object to that altogether.
1 know there ore ladies enough out there who
have tickets to fill all the gallery. Gentlemen
never have been admitted.
Mr. POWELL. Let the ladies come in at all
events
The'VICE PRESIDENT. if the Senator
from Kentucky will state distinctly his motion
in his own words, the Chair will put it.
Mr. POWELL. I will accept the motion just
as the Chair put it first.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is moved that
the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to admit such
ladies as have tickets to the gallery.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I will suggest that it is im-
possible for Senators themselves in the present
condition of the Capitol to get into the Chamber.
I have been trying for the last twenty minutes to
get through the barricade.
The motion of Mr. Powell was agreed to; and
in accordance therewith the doors were opened,
and the spacious galleries were at once filled by
ladies, whose very audible conversation materi-
ally retarded the transaction of public business.
COINAGE OF THREE-CENT PIECES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Hampshire inovs to dispense with the fur-
ther reading of the bill before the Senate, House
bill No. 8U7, to authorize the coinage of three-
cent pieces, and for other purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was reported to life Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. ^
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. MoPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House had signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills and joint resolution, winch were
thereupon signed by the Vice President:
A bill (II. R. No. 682) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Jndian department, and for fulfilling treaty stip-
ulations with vanous Indian tribes for the year
ending 30th June, 1866, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 170) to amend the several
acts heretofore passed to pi ovide foi enrolling and
calling out the national forces,and for other pur-
poses; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 139) of thanks
to IVfajor General Thomas, and to the army under
his command.
OVERLAND MAIC SERVICE.
Mr, STEWART submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimouscon-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee of three be appointed to ex-
amine the condition of the overland mail seivice, and the
manner of its performance, and to report to Uie Senate at
the next session of Congress: Provided, That no charge
shall be made on the Treasury therefor.
Mr. STEWART. 1 move that the committee
be appointed by the Vice President.
The motion was agreed to; and
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Mr. Stew-
art, Mr. Nesmith, and Mr. Conness.
BILLS BECOME LAWS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolay, his Secretary, announced
that ho had approved and signed the followingen-
rolled bills and joint resolutions:
A bill (S.No. 380) supplemental to the act ap-
proved July 1,1864, for the disposal of coal lands
and of town property on the public domain;
A bill (S. No. 411) to amend an act entitled
"An act to incorporate the Metropolitan Railroad
Company in the District of Columbia;"
A bill (S. No. 2) granting a pension to Ellen
M. Whipple, widow of the late Major General
Amiel W. Whipple, of the United States Army;
A bill (S. No. 44) granting a pension to the
widow ofihe late Major General Hiram G. Berry;
A bill (S. No. 62) to remove all disqualifica-
tions of color in carrying the mails;
A bill (S. No. 91) to quiet titles in favor of
parties in actual possession of lands situated in
the District of Columbia;
A bill (S. No. 122) for the relief of Mary A.
Baker, widow of Brigadier General Edward- D.
Baker;
A bill (S. No. 171) further to amend an act en-
titled "An act for the collection of taxes in insur-
rectionary districts within the United States,and
for other purposes,"approved June 7, 1862;
A bill (S. No. 274) for the relief of John Hast-
ings, collector of the port of Pittsburg;
A bill (S. No. 390) relating to the postal laws;
A bill (S. No. 443) to incorporate the Fieed-
men's Savings and Trust Company;
A bill (S. No. 472) to provide for the construc-
tion of certain wagon roads in the Territories of
Idaho, Montana, Dakota, and Nebraska;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 89) directing in-
quiry into the condition of the Indian tribes and
their treatment by the civil and military author-
ities; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 121) to purchase
mail pouches or boxes of Marshall Smith's pat-
ent for the use of the postal service, anil forother
purposes.
MERCANTILE MUTUAL INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate resume
the consideration of House bill No. 456.
The motion was agreed to; and rhe Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the consid-
eration of the bill (H. R. No. 456) for the relief
of the Mercantile Mutual lnsuiance Company
of New York.
Mr. GRIMES. When the consideration of
that bill was suspended this morning the Secre-
tary was about to read the report of the commit-
tee. I call for the reading of that report.
The Secretary read the following report sub-
mitted by Mr. Howe, from the Committee on
Claims, on the 18ih of February:
The Committee on Claims, to whom was referred an act
(H. R. No. 456) entitled '-An act for the iclief of the Mer-
cantile Mutual Insurance Company of New York," having
earetully examined the same, <uid the evidence therewith i
submitted, respectfully repot t:
That on the '21-t day of November, 1863, Use Mercantile
Mutual liwiianee Co'mpany of New Yoik enteied into a
contract with the firm of J. II. Grower & Co., l>y which
they undertook the assurance of the safe transit of certain
United States Treasury notes, (known as legal-tender
notes.) amounting to the sum of #8,000, from New York
to New Orleans in the United States m<ul«; on hoard the
steamer Quincy.
In pursuance of said contract eight of said note?, num-
bered, dated, and described a-, toliows, namely: one note
A. No. 17,097, ot lOih Maich, 1&V2, for $'1,000; one note
A. No. 20.4*2i, of 10th Match, 18Gi, for ;$l.0u0; o-ie note
C. No. 20.251, of 10th Mitreh, 1862, lor $1^000; one note
B. No. 9,962, of 10th March, 1862, for $L0(JO; one note D.
No. 5,620, of 10th Marcit, 1862, for $1,000; one note D. No.
11,900, of 10th March. 1862, for $1,000; one note D. No.
21C, of 10th March, 1862, for <$1,000} one note D. No. 7,164,
of iOtll March, 1862, for $1,000—were, by said firm of J.
H. Brower & Co. given to Edward Walter, the president
of said insurance company, who caused a record of them
to be entered on the application of said firm for'insuraue^.
Afterward, on the 7th day of December, 1863, Mr. Walter,
in the presence of Edward M. De Rose, put three of the
note* above described, namely, No*. 17,097, 20.421, and
20,251, into an envelope, addressed to E. J. Hart & Co., at
New Orleans,sealed them up, and gave the package to said
De Rose, and it was by hun, on said 7th day of December,
deposited in the post office at New Yoik.
On the 8th day of December, 1663, Mr. Walter, in the
presence of Francis Maliaby, jr., put five of the above-
described notes, to wit, Nos. 9,962, 5.820, 11,900, 216, arid
7,164, into an envelope, addressed to'E. J. Hart & Co., at
New Oilcans, sealed them up, and gave the package to
said Maliaby, and it was by lum, on the said 8th day of De-
cember, before twf> o'clock, p. m., deposited in the post
office at New York.
It appeals from the depositionof Thomas Clark, ofNew
York city, that lie is superintendentof the mails in the New
York post office ; that on the 8th day of December, 1863, a
mail was made upunder his direction to be sent to New Or-
leans by the >teamer Q,umcy j that all letteis destined tor
New Oi leans deported m the post office on the 7th and the
8th days of December, and befoie two o'clock, p. m., of the
latter day, were placed in the mails and dispatched by said
steamer.
Fiom the depositions of John McClvxskey, assistant en-
gineer, and otheis on hoard of the steamer Ctuincy, it ap-
pears that that vessel, will) all her freight and nearly all of
hei crow were destroyed by the foundering of that vessel on
the morning of the 13th of December, at half past four
o'clock, when about abreast of Jlatteras light.
It also appears that after the loss of the steamer Quincy
hadgbcen lully proved the petitioners, in fulfillment of their
contract, paid Messrs. Brower & Co. the frfll amount of
the notes, and look from them an assignment of all their
interest in this claim
The committee therefore report back the bill and recom-
mend its passage.
All of which is respectfully submitted.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 have been unable to hear a
word of that report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators will be kind
enough to be seated and in their places, and order
will be observed in the gallery. The Chair 1ms
been requested to state by the committee of ar-
rangements that ladies in the galleries are respect-
fully but earnestly requested to sit as closely in
the seats as they conveniently can, in order that
all who have tickets may be provided for. There
are no seats in the gallery in the ftont, supposed
to be filled, which will not hold additional per-
sons; and the ladies are respectfully requested to
observe this request of the committee, and also to
observe good order.
Mr.TEN EYCIC. I understand this bill involves
the payment of a considerable sum of money; and
it was impossible to hear one word that was read
by the Clerk. I therefore move that it be laid on
the table.
Mr. HOWE. I hope the Senator will not press
that motion. I ask him to withdraw it.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I will withdraw it if I can
hear what it is.
Mr. CONN ESS. Ifgentlcmen willcome nearer
to the desk they may understand what is going
on, and they can do that much to accommodate
each other.
Mr. HOWE. I trust we have not surrendered
possession of the Senate Chamber.
Several Senators. Oh yes, we have; the la-
dies have got it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from New Jersey withdraw his motion?
Mr. TEN EYCK. No, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Thequestion,then,
is on laying the bill on the table.
The question being; put, there were,on a divis-
ion—ayes 11, noes 11; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOWE. 1 call forthe yeas and nays,and
let us know how many there are here.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Buckalew, Coll.imer, Cowan, Foot,
Fo-iur,Grimes,Sherman, Spiague, Ten Eyck, and Wade
—10
NAYS—Messrs Anthony, Brown, Clark, Connors, Da-
vis, Dixon, r.irWL'il. flale, Haiti-, Hetul^isoiu ticodricks,
Morgan, Morrill., Stewait, Wilkinson, Willey, and Wil-
son—17.
ABftKNT — Messrs. Carlile, Chandler, Doohttle, Ward-
ing, Harlan, Ilowaid, Howe, Johnson, Lan<  of Indiana,
Lane of Kan-a*, McDougali, Ne&imth, Nye, pomeroy,
Powell, Ramsey, Richardson, Ltiddle, Saulsbary, Sumner,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Wright—33-.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, and read
the third time.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire at least to have
the yeas and nays on the passage of that bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
