1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
62V
were not there, and that nothing was found but
the ashes of the conflagration.
That system, sir, is one which could not have
existed had there been competent professional ad-
visers around the Secretary. Hisown patriotism,
his feeling for his country's cause, the vain clamor
of New York merchants, their cry to him to spare
their commerce, would have compelled him to
listen, if the law had only clothed a board of offi-
cers with the right to speak, free from the danger
of courts-martial organized to convict. It is that
great deficiency that I am now trying to rem-
edy. I am not influenced by any estimate of the
personal value of the present Secretary, or of any
other Secretary of the Navy. Be he as respect-
able as he may, be he as able and upright as he
may, be he as honest and efficient as he may, I
would not waste five minutes of the precious time
of this House in eulogizingor in condemning him.
I look beyond men to measures. 1 look beyond
the head of (he Department to the great country
which that Department represents. I look be-
yond the brief and flitting momcntsof his official
life, now rapidly drawing to a closc—if the prayer
of every naval officer can be heard—to the day
when the American nation will have to vindicate
its power before the nations of the world now in-
sidiously seeking our ruin, not by stealthy dep-
redations on unarmed traders, but with a Navy
bearing proudly the banner of the Republic over
the seas, worthy to meet in arms the armed foes
of the thirty millions of united Americans whose
freedom and empire it guards, and able to prove
on some great historic day that the Republic can
neither be torn asunder by internal dissensions
nor browbeaten by the coalesced monarchies of
Europe. [Applause on the floor.]
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
adoption of the amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What has
become of my appeal from the decision of the
Chair on (lie point of order?
The CHAIRMAN. The first question is,
"Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee?"
Mr. PIKE. I have but one word to say on
the subject.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
Mr. PIKE. I propose to offer an amendment,
and to speak to it.
The CHAIRMAN. That will be in order after
the question of the appeal is disposed of.
The question was taken; and the decision of the
Chair was sustained, ruling the amendment of the
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis] to be in
order.
Mr. PIKE. I now propose to offer an amend-
ment, if it he in order.
The CHAIRMAN. It is in order to offer an
amendment to the amendment, but not to debate
it except for five minutes.
Mr. PIKE. I move to amend the amendment
by stuking out the last line.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will con-
fine himself to the reasons for striking out that
last line. [Laughter.]
Mr. PIKE. I made no point, Mr. Chairman,
as to the ill temper of the gentleman from Mary-
land, which has called out this mostintemperate
reply. He has made pro fort voluntarily of his
own temper, and I think with him that the House
would be unwise to pivot upon Hits action upon
an important mcasuie. Dut that gentleman did
say about the Committee on Naval A Hairs that it
was simply recording the opinions of the naval
Department. I u$Ked what evidence he had for
making that charge, and for attempting to belittle
the committee, and in the remaiks which he has
just made to the House he has withdrawn the in-
sinuation. I stated in reply to that charge that i, for
one, so far from being influenced by the opinion of
the naval Department, did not know what that
opinion was,and had not taken means to inform
myself of it, thai I had had no conversation either
With tiie Secretary or Assistant Secretary on this
important measute, but that judging from the
measure it>e!f—which I stated in my remaiks 1
understood to be an advisory board, more after the
fashion of the Fiench boaid, and not a control-
ling board after the manner of the British admi-
ralty, that it was a conglomerate of the two sys-
tems, with the bad qualities ot both; and I adduced
naval opinion against the plan to show that it
would simply introduce contusion into the coun-
cils of the Navy, that the board would be simply
a debating society, that it would entail needless
discussion, and that it would deprive the Navy
of that single responsible head, which, in the
opinion of Sir Charles Napier and other naval
writers, is essential to its efficiency.
Now, one word more, and only one word, upon
this question of armed vessels, upon which the
gentleman cited the opinion of the distinguished
head of the Bureau of Construction. Sir, that
gentleman reported to the head of the Navy De-
partment, and the head of the Navy Department
sent his report in here approvingly, asking of
this Congress, at the last session, that they would
make appropriations for the purpose of building
large armed vessels, vessels which European
opinion has decided cannot be efficient unless
with the enormous tonnage of six, seven, and
eight thousand tons. But Congress decided, and
properly, in my opinion, that the condition of the
public Treasury was not such as to justify, at
that time, an appropriation to carry out the rec-
ommendation of the Navy Department on this
subject; and now the gentleman from Maryland
complains of the head of the Navy Department
for not building that class of vessels.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Davis, of Maryland,there were,on a di-
vision—ayes 48, noes 44.
Mr. PIKE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Davis, of Mary-
land, and Mr. Rice, of Massachusetts, were ap-
pointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 60, noes 57.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So .the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Sciienck reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, having had under consideration the spe-
cial order, the bill (II. R. No. 676) making ap-
propriations for the naval service for the year
ending 30th June, 1866, had directed him to re-
port the same with sundry amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. I now call the previous ques-
tion upon the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. Most of the amendments
were adopted against the opinion of the Committee
of Ways and Means; but 1 am willing that the vote
shall be taken upon them in the lump, except the
last, which strikes out all after tine three hundred
to the end of the bill. That amendment, if adopted
by the House, will leave the ordnance department
and several other departments without appiopri-
atioiis which are absolutely necessary.
Mr. PIKE. I ask for a separate vote on the
amendment of the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. Davis.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for a separate vote on
each amendment.
The first amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was read, as follows: ^
In line eleven strike out the word "construction," and
in.-ort in lieu thereof' tho woul " completion."
The amendment was agreed to.
The second amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was read, as follows:
In line twelve strike out "twenty-one million five hun-
dred and seventy," and lii-ert in lieu thereof "twenty-
four million live bundled and thirtyso tli.it the clause
will read :
For tin- conduction and repair of ve««eh of the Navy,
twenty-fom nullum five hundied and Unity thousand dol-
!d!
The amendment was agreed to.
The third amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was road, as follows:
After line seventeen inseit: "Tor bounties to seamen,
$1,000 OUU."
The amendment was agreed to.
The fourth amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was iead, as follows:
After line one hundred and forfy-nineinsert: " For com-
pletion ofjoiners' building.
The amendment was agreed to.
The fifth amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was read, as follows:
Strike out, commencing at line two hundred and seventy-
seven, the following words: *
" And there is hereby authorized to be appointed in said
office one additional aid, at an annual salary of $1,333 33,
and said amount is hereby appropriated therefor."
The amendment was agreed to.
The sixth amendment reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
was read, as follows:
Strike out all after line three hundred to the end of the
printed bill, as follows:
For pay of clerks in the ordnance departments at the sev-
eral navy-yards, in heu of the present per diem pay, namely:
For salary of one clerk at Portsmouth, New Hampshire,
navy-yard, $1,200.
For salary of one clerk at $1,200, and one at $1,000 per
annum, at Boston navy-yard, $2,200.
For salary of one clerk at $1,200 per annum, and one
clerk at $1,000 per annum, at the New York navy-yard,
§2,200.
For salary of one cleik at the Philadelphia navy-yard,
$1,200.
For salary.of one clerk at $1,400, one clerk at $1,000,
one draughtsman at $1,000, one analytical chemist at
$2,500 per annum, one assistant pyrotechnist at$l,41)0, and
one keeper of magazine at $480 per annum, at the Wash-
ington navy-yard, $S,380.
On agreeing to the amendment,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 52, nays 75, not voting 55; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Aneona, Arnold,
Augustus C. Baldwin,.John L). Baldwin, Beaman,BoimveH,
Biandegee, William G. Biown, Ambiose W. Clark, Cobb,
Dawes, Dawson, Eekley, Eliot, Finck, Grinnell, Jlairing-
ton, Benjamin G. Ilairis, Holman, Ilotchkiss, John 11. Hub-
haul, Oilando Kellog", Knapp, McClurp, Mcindoe, Middle-
ton, Samuel F. Miller, Noble, Oith, Perham, Pikes, Pomc-
rov, Puce, John JI. llicc, Edward II. Rollins, Selienek,
Scoilold, Sloan, Spairims, Stiles, Tracy, Upson, Van Val-
kcnbuigh, Elilm B. Washburne, William K. Washburn,
Whe< ler, WiNon, Wmdom, and WinfieJd—£2.
NAYS—Messrs. James O. Alien, Ashley, Bailey, Bax-
ter, Blow, Boyd, Brooin.ill, Clianler, Cox, Oiavens, fleniy
Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Demmg. Driggs, Eden,
Edjreiion, Eidndgc, English, Farnsworth, Frank, Gaiiield,
Gilder, Gnswold, Hale, Iiail, Cbailes M. Harris, Heuick,
Iligby, Hooper, ilulburd, Ingersoll, Jenekos, Philip John-
son, Kelley, Francis W. Kciiogg, Knox, Law, Le Blond,
Loan, Long.Lorigyear, Marvin, i\leBnde,McKinney, Mor-
lill, Daniel Morris, James It. Motrin, Amos Myers, Norton,
Odell, Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Patterson, Pendleton,
Perry, Pruvn, William II. Randall, Alexander 11. Rice,
lingers, James S. Kolims, Ro^s, Shannon, Smnhers, Ste-
ven*, Suoiise., Sweat, Towiwnd, Wadsworth, Waul,
Whaley, Jo-eph W. White, Wilder, Fernando Wood,
Woodhndce. ami Yeainan—75.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen. Anderson,
Blaine, Blair, Bh*«, Brook*, James S. Brown, Freeman
Olaike, Clay, Coffioth, Cole, Creswell, Denison, Dixon,
Donnelly, Dumont, Gannon, Cooch, Harding, A^ihel W.
Hubbaid, Iltiiehinf-, William Johnson, Julian,ICalbthMs>eh,
Kasson, lOrnan, Kin«,Lazear,LiUle]Ohn,Mallory,Marcy,
McAllister, McDowell, William II. Miller, Moorhead, Mot-
rison, Leonard Myeit<, Nelson, lladford, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, Robinson, Scott, Smith, Starr, John B. Steele, William
G. Steele, Smart, Thayer, Thomas, Voorhees, Webster,
Chilton A. White, Williams, Benjamin Wood, and Wor-
thinglon—55.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
During the roll-call,
Mr. O'NEILL, of Pennsylvania, stated that
his colleague, Mr. L. Myers, was detained at his
room by indisposition.
The vote was then announced as above recorded.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was non-concurred in;
arid also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The seventh amendment was read, as follows:
Add to the bill the following:
One inul>hipman, iri addition to those now allowed by
law, chilli be appointed for each congressional cl^triet and
Territory, to be appointed on the nomination of the present
members oi Confess and delegates from said difliicts and
Teintoiies ie«pectively ; but 110 midshipman shall he ap-
pointed for any district not represented in Congte&s..
Mr. SPALDING asked unanimous consent to
insert a provision for the District of Columbia.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, objected.
Mr. WASUBUUNE, of Illinois, asked unani-
mous consent to insert the word " hereafter."
Mr. SPALDING objected.
The amendment was concurred in.
The eighth and last amendment ieported Horn
the Committee of the Whole on tho state of the
Union was then read, as followst
Add to tho bill the following:
Proi uled, That no money appiopiiated for tho iiaval ser-
