1394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3
sachusetts seems to exhibit a great deal of impa-
tience for the passage of this bill. He has h^d
ample time for its discussion, and undoubtedly
thinks it of sufficient importance to press it upon
the consideration of the Senate at this untimely
hour. The Senator from Michigan has had his
day in court; and the Senate will bearme witness
that in season and out of season both he and
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts have
pressed it upon the consideration of the Senate
without effect. Twice the judgment of the Senate
has been most distinctly pronounced against this
bill;and yet with only twenty-five minutes of this
Congress left, the honorable Senators think it an
opportune time to press a biil of the highest im-
portance upon the consideration of the Senate, and
that, too, when they have both been admonished
that the bill is not to pass without discussion on
this side. Now, if the Senate want to hear a
speech on this subject lam prepared to make one;
and I shall probably occupy so much time upon
it that there will be very little opportunity of re-
plying on the part of my honorable friend from
Massachusetts. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. All that I want is & vote.
Mr. MORRILL. He wants a vote. He has
had two votes, and I believe, putting the two
together, got twelve in all; and still he manifests
the same ardor for a vote that he did in the be-
ginning. Now, Mr. President, if I could feel that
the Senate were in a condition, seriously, for a
speech ["Go on!"] I was never m better condi-
tion to make one than at the present moment.
[Laughter.] But the subject is almost too large,
not for the audience, but for the time. Mr. Presi-
dent, it cannot be the judgment or the desire of
the Senate to hear a speech now, and therefore
I move the indefinite postponement of this bill;
*nd upon that question 1 call for the^eas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Coliamer, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Hale,
Henderson, McDougall, Morrill, Nesinith, Powell, Ten
Eyck, Trumbull, YVilley, ami Wright—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown,Chandler, Clark. Conness, Far-
well, Foot, Grimes, Howard, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kan-
sas, Morgan, Nye, Pomeroy, Itamsey, Sherman, Sprague,
Stewart, Sumner, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Cariile. Doo-
little, Foster, Harding. Harlan, Hams, Hendricks, Howe,
Johnson, IUehariison, Riddle, Sauisbury, and Van Win-
kle—15.
So the motion was not agreed to.
NOTIFICATION TO THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Senate to
postpone further proceedings on this bill, with a
view to submit the ordinary motion that a com-
mittee of three be appointed to wait on the Presi-
dent of the United States to inquire whether he
has any further communications to make to Con-
gress.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous con-
sent; and Mr. Sherman, Mr. Collamer, and
Mr. Powell were appointed the committee.
COMMERCE AMONG THE STATES.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope we shall now have
a vote on the bill to regulate commerce among
the States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thequestion
is on ordering the bill to a third reading.'
Mr. HALE. I move that the Senate take a
recess for ten minutes, and upon that motion I
ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SUMNER. It requires unanimous con-
sent to entertain the motion, i>nd 1 object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection be-
ing made, the motion cannot be entertained.
Mr.CHANDLER. The Senatorfrom Maine
says that the Senator from Michigan has had his
day in court. 1 hope we may get a vote on this
bill; and 1 wish simply to say in reply that we
have ran against Camden and Amboy every time
we have taken up this bill, and I hope Camden
and Amboy will get out of the way now and let
us lake a vote on it.
Mr. HALE. I hope so. I hope the Raritan
will not suffer. [Laughter.]
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the bill (S.'No. 207) for
the relief of Charles F. Anderson.
COMMERCE AMONG THE STATES.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will ask if it is in order
to take a vote on the bill pending before the Sen-
ate, and if there is time before twelve o'clock I
will ask to have a vote taken by yeas and nays.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move thatall other busi-
ness be suspended except that which is connected
with the ceremonies of the day or with the recep-
tion of messages.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT (Hon. Hannibal
Hamlin) and the Vice President-elect (Hon. An-
drew Johnson) estered the Chamber, accompa-
nied by Mr. Doolittle, one of the committee of
arrangements. Mr. Johnson was conducted to
a seat to the right of the chair of the Vice Presi-
dent.
The VICE PRESIDENT resumed the chair.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill'(H. R. No. 798) to preventthe enlistmentof
persons charged with crime in the District of
Columbia as substitutes or as volunteers in the
Treasury [Army] or Navy, and to prevent frauds
in the District jail in the city of Washington; and
it was thereupon signed by the Vice President.
CONDITION OF THE INDIAN TRIBES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. In virtue of a joint
resolution ofCongress, the Chair has been charged
with ftie duty of designating a committee to make
examination into the condition of the Indian tribes
of the country and their treatment by the civil
authorities, and announces Senator Doolittle,
Senator Foster, and Senator Nesmith, as that
committee on the part of the Senate.
THE INAUGURATION.
For some 'time the Senate Chamber had been
crowded with those distinguished persons to
whom admission was accorded as witnesses of the
inauguration ceremonies. The Judges of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, a large attend-
ance of embassadors from foreign Governments,
officers ofthe Army and Navy, with innumerable
others, and lastly, the members of the House of
Representatives, with their Speaker and Sergeant-
at-Armsat their head,entered and were conducted
to the seats prepared for them, the Speaker, Hon.
Schuyler Colfax, being seated to the left of the
Vice President. Extensive as is the area of the
Senate Chamber, it was filled with a distinguished
and brilliant assemblage.
ADJOURNMENT SINE DIE.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Senators: Amid
these exciting scenes that mark the constitutional
termination of this Congress, and as our official
relations are about to cease, I ask briefly your
indulgence.
I assumed the duties of this chair at a period
of time unequaled in importance in the history
of our country. War of a magnitude unknown
in ancient or modern times has devastated the
land—measures of deep and vital interest, affect-
ing the very life of the Republic, demanded your
investigation and determination ;and if, amid these
stirring scenes, in this chair, by any act of omis-
sion or commission,! have wounded the sensi-
bilities of a single Senator, I take this occasion to
ask for your forbearance, with the assurance that
it has not been intentional. I know how deeply
I am indebted to theSenate. Kindness, and court-
esy, and cooperation I have received on all occa-
sions. Whatever of success may have attended
my efforts in the discharge of official duties in this
position, I know how deeply I am indebted to the
Senate for that confidence and cooperation. Per-
mit me to tender to you my heartfelt and undis-
sembled thanks for the kindness which has been
bestowed by every Senator on all occasions. I
shall bear with me in after life a cherished recol-
lection of the associations that have been here
formed and the kindness which hasthus been here
bestowed; and I can wish my friend and worthy
successgr no greater felicity than that the same
relations shall subsist, as I think they will, be-
tween him and yourselves.
Thanking you again for you r kind ly aid as well
as for the resolution commendatory of the man-
ner in which the duties of tha Chair have been
discharged, it only remains for me to tender to
you my sincere wishes for a safe return to your
families and your homes, and for your future wel-
fare and prosperity in life, and hoping that the
sun of peace now dawning upon us will soon shed
its rays upon a united, a happy, and a free people.
Is the Vice President-elect now ready to take
and subscribe the oath of office ?
The VICE PRESIDENT-elect, (Hon. An-
drew Johnson, of Tennessee.) I am. [Then
turning to theSenate heaaid:] Senators: Iamhere *
to-day as the chosen Vice President of the Uni-
ted States, and as such, by constitutional provis-
ion 1 am made the presiding officer of this body,
1 therefore present myself here in obedience to the
high behests of the American people to discharge
a constitutional duty, apd not presumptuously to
thrust myself in a position so exalted. May I
at this moment—it may not be irrelevant to the
occasion—advert to the workings of our institu-
tions under the Constitution which our fathers
framed and Washington approved, as exhibited
by the position in which I stand before the Amer-
ican Senate, in the sight of the American people?
Deem me not vain or arrogant; yet I should be
less than man if under such circumstances 1 were
not proud of being an American citizen, for to-
day one who claims no high descent, one who
comes from the ranks of the people, stands, by tha
choice of a free constituency, m the second place
in this Government. There may be those to
whom such things are not pleasing, but those who
have labored for the consummation of a free Gov-
ernment will appreciate and cherish institutions
which exclude none however obscure his origin
from places of trust and distinction. The people,
in short, are the source of all power. You, Sen-
ators, you who constitute the bench of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, are but tha
creatures of the American people; your exalta-
tion is from them; the power of this Government
consists in its nearness and approximation to tha
great mass of the people. You, Mr. Secretary
Seward, Mr. Secretary Stanton, the Secretary of
the Navy, and the others who are your associ-
ates—you know that you have my respect and my
confidence—derive not your greatness and your
power alone from President Lincoln. Humble as
I am, plebeian as I may be deemed, permit me in
the presence of this brilliant assemblage to enun-
ciate the truth that courts and cabinets, the Pres-
ident and his advisers, derive their power and
their greatness from the people. A President
could not exist here forty-eight hours if he were
as far removed from the people as the autocrat of
Russia is separated from his subjects. Here the
popular heart sustains President and Cabinet offi-
cers; the popular willgives them all their strength.
Such an assertion of the great principles of this
Government may be considered out of place, and
I will not consume the time of these intelligent
and enlightened people much longer; but I could
not be insensible to these great truths when I, a
plebeian, elected by the people the Vice President
of these United States, am here to enter upon the
discharge of my duties. For those duties I claim
not the aptitude of my respected predecessor.
Although 1 have occupied a seat in both the House
of Representatives and the Senate, I am not
learned m parliamentary law, and I shall be de-
pendent on the courtesy of those Senators who
have become familiar with the rules which are re-
quisite for the good order of the body and the
dispatch of its business. I have only studied how
1 may best advance the interests of my Slate ami
of my country, and not the technical rules of or-
der; and if I err I shall appeal to this dignified
body of representatives of States forkindnessarid
indulgence.
Before 1 conclude this brief inaugural address,
in the presence of this audience—and I, though
a plebeian boy, am authorized by the principles of
the Governmentunder which I live to feel proudly
conscious that I am a man, and grave dignitaries
are bu t men—before the Supreme'Court, the repre-
sentatives of foreign Governments, Senators, and
the people, I desire to proclaim that Tennessee,
whose representative 1 havebeen, is free. She haa'
bent the tyrant's rod, she has broken the yoke of
slaveiy, and to-day she stands redeemed*. She
waited not for the exercise of power by Congress;
it was her own act, and she is- now as loyal, Mr.
Attorney General,as is the Slate from which you
come. It is the doctrine of thii Federal Constitu-
