630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
tory as lo reduce the majority below the constitutional
proportion. The concurrence of the President is required
ill matters of infinitely less importance, and whether on
subjects of ordinary legislation or of constitutional amend-
ments the expression is the same, and equally applies to
the act of both Houses of Congress.'3
Mr.Xee, the Attorney General, in reply to this
argument, said:
" Has not the same course been pursued relative to all
the other amendments that have been adopted ? And the
case of amendments is evidently a substantive act, uncon-
nected with the ordinary business of legislation, and not
withm the policy or terms of investing the President with
a qualified negative on tiie acts and resolutions of Con-
gress."
The court, speaking through Chase, Justice,
observes:
u There can surely be no necessity to answer that ar-
gument. The negative of the President applies only to the
ordinary cases of legislation. He lias' nothing to do with
the proposition or adoption of amendments to the Consti-
tution."
The court would not hear an argument from
the Attorney General on the point, it was so clear.
If the approval of the President were necessary,
none of the amendments which have been made
to the Constitution since its adoption would be
valid, for not one of them ever received his ap-
proval.
I ought to state, perhaps, that three or four
years ago, when Congress passed a proposition
to amend the Constitution by a two-thirds vote,
it was inadvertently presented to the President
for his approval, just as the one passed a few
days ago was presented; but that amendment has
never been acted upon by the States, and it ought
not to form a precedent. The object of the res-
olution which I have introduced is to prevent
the inadvertent approval in this instance being
considered as a precedent hereafter; so that it
shall not be in the power of any future President
by pocketing, if you please, an amendment pro-
posed by both branches of Congress by the con-
stitutional majority, to defeat it. I think it im-
portant that tlie precedent should be right. The
resolution also instructs the Secretary not to in-
form the House of Representatives'that the Pres-
ident has approved the proposed amendment.
t-Iis approval of it can do no harm, but it is not
 i necessity, and it having been inadvertently pre-
sented for his approval, the Senate ought so to
declare lest a wrong precedent be set.
Mr. HOWE. As I was the instrument of the
Senate who took this resolution to the President,
perhaps the Senate will indulge me in a single
word on the matter.
The bulk of the precedents are against the pro-
priety of that step, as has been stated by the Sen-
ator from Illinois. There is a judgment of the
Supreme Court of the United States declaring
that the assent of the President is not necessary
to a resolution of this kind. That is the authority
for dispensing with the assent of the President.
Nevertheless, to my understanding, the express
language of the Constitution requires the aawnt
of the President just as much to a resolution of
this kind as to any other. It does not require
the assent of the President to a vote for adjourn-
ment, and that is the only exception. The Con-
stitution declares that—
"All legislative powers herein granted shall he vested in
a Congress of the United State, winch shall of a
Senate and House of fieprehentatives."
All legislative powers are vested in a Congress,
and we are expressly told of what the Congress
consists. If you will look to see what Congress
may do, in the eighth section of the first article
you are told that the Congress shall have power
to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts, and ex-
cises, to borrow money, to establish a uniform
rule of naturalization, &c. The Congiess may
do thes^ things. That is precisely the tribunal,
in precisely the words, which is authorized in a
subsequent clause of the Constitution to propose
amendments to that instrument. It is the Con-
gress that may propose amendments; it is the
Congress that may raise armies; and the Congress
consists of a Senate and House of Representa-
tives. Now, how does it happen that any bill or
any resolution must go to the President for his
signature? Because there is a distinct clause in
the Constitution which provides that—
"Every bill which shall have passed the House of Rep-
resentatives and the Senate shall, belore it become a law,
be presented to the President of the United States."
He is not a part of the Congress, and all legis-
lative powers are vested in the Congress; never-
theless, you cannot have *a law unless you have
presented the bill previously to the President.
Not only that, but another clause of the Consti-
tution requires that—
(< Every order, resolution, or vote to which the eoncur-
rence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be
necesssary (except on a question ot adjournment) shall be
presented to the President of the United States; and he-
lore the same shall take effect, shall be approved by him,
or being disapproved by him, shall be repassed"—
Not passed, but repassed—
"by two thirds of the Senate and House of Representa-
tives, according to the rules and limitations pre&cnbed in
the case oi a bill."
If this language applies to any one resolution
requiring the concurrent vote of the two Houses
it applies to every one, for it says every one. So
much for the express letter of the Constitution
itself.
The Senator from Illinois, however, says—and
in that he is borne out by the judgment of the Su-
preme Court, or at least he is borne out by the
language of Justice Chase, formerly a member
of that court—that this provision which I have
just read only applies to the ordinary acts of legis-
lation. It cannot be disputed that JusticeChase
so said, and the court having concurred with him
perhaps we are bound to consider the law settled
upon that point. Not a reason was assigned for
it; and the argument winch was made by the
counsel in that case against the validity of the
amendment adopted was not answered either by
the opposing counsel or by the court; nor have
I heard it answered by any one. Justice Chase
remarked, indeed, that argument was not neces-
sary upon a point of that kind. In the vote which
was taken in the Senate of the United States in
1803 I notice among the names of those who voted
for presenting the resolution to the President the
names of Mr. John Uuincy Adams and Mr. Pick-
ering. 1 think, wi til all deference to JusticeChase,
that when such gentlemen as Mr. Adams and Mr.
Pickering have affirmed that a step is necessary,
some argument may fairly be offered to show that
it is not necessary.
This resolution says that the resolution pro-
posing an amendment to the Constitution was
inadvertently presented to the President, and the
aim of the resolution is to prevent us being made
a precedent; but the Senator from Illinois has told
us correctly that the precedent has already been
established. In 1861 an amendment was agreed
to by both Houses and wassubmitted to the Presi-
dentfor hisapproval; and I have yet to learn that
any member of either House of Congress en-
tered any protest to that form of procedure. The
President did approve it. The Senator from Illi-
nois says it ought not to be considered a prece-
dent because the Legislatures of the States did
not adopt the amendment. How that can make
it more or less of a precedent I do not under-
stand. The two Houses concurred in the reso-
lution; the organs of the Houses presented it to
the President, and he approved it; and so your
lecords show; and there is the precedent. If this
resolution passes without dissent on the part of
Congress it will be but another precedent. Pre-
cedents, 1 take it, cannotoverride the Constitution
itself. The approval of the President will not
do any hurt if the Constitution does not require
it. My own judgment is that the expiess lan-
guage of the Constitution does demand it, and
my own judgment is that propriety sanctions it;
that it is proper to present it to the President; for
it does not follow, if the President dissents and
presents his objections to the two Houses, that
the vote of two thirds of each House can be again
had to repass the resolution.
Put assuming that the Constitution does not
require the President's assent to such a resolu-
tion, and assuming that the resolution was inad-
vertently presented to the President, the resolu-
tion now pending declares that it was unneces-
sary to present U to him. I do not think that
follows, even if the premises are as stated; for if
it had not been presented to the President, I ask
you, sir, and I ask the Senate, how wouid it have
been transmitted to the Legislatures of the States?
Your resolution proposing the amendment pro-
vided no means, and there has been no other ac-
tion taken on the part of the two Houses to get
it to the States. It would not go to the State
Department unless presented to the President.
When presented to the President, if he approves
it he transmits it to the State Department; and
being transmitted to the Secretary of State, he
transmits it to the Legislatures of the States. I
think I am abundantly authorized to say that but
for this very action of the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, which your resolution says was not neces-
sary, the resolution proposing this amendment
to the Constitution would not have reached the
Legislature of a single State probably until this
time. If it had, I do not know how it could have
got there, or who would have sent it there. You
took no steps whatever to send it there. It cer-
tainly would never have got there until after, un-
der the procedure which was adopted, many of
the States had actually ratified the amendment.
If it be the established law that these resolutions
should not go to the President for his assent, cer-
tainly the two Houses which pass them ought to
take some measures to execute them, and to get
them before the State Legislatures.
I am free to confess that when I presented this
resolution to the President I did so in pursuance
of what is a mere habit, so to speak; I did not
stop to distinguish between this and any other
resolution. I had not looked into the precedents;
I had not looked into the Constitution. Since
my attention has been called to it I have looked
into the precednnfs; I have looked into the Consti-
tution; and as 1 have already said, my judgment
is satisfied that the course taken was right, not-
withstanding the authority which has been read
goes so far against it.
Mr. JOHNSON obtained the floor.
Mr.TRUMBULL. Ifthe Senator from Mary-
land will allow me, I desire to refer to the rule
of the Senate on this subject. I omitted to do so
when I was up before. One of the special rules
of the Senate also shows that these constitutional
amendments are not to be submitted to the Pres-
ident. The 26Ui special rule of the Senate de-
clares:
" And all resolutions proposing amendments to the Con-
stitution, ot to which the appiobation and signature of the
l'res-ident may be requisite, in which m.iy ^rant money
out ol the contingent or any other fund, shall be neated m
all ie.-pect«, in the mtiodtiction and foun of proceedings
on them, in Hie Senate, in the same manner with bills."
Showing by irresistible inference that resolu-
tions proposing amendments to the Constitution
aie not requueil to be submitted to the Piesident
for his signatuie; because the language is—
"And all resolutions proposing amendments to the Con-
stitimon, or to winch the appiobationand the Mgnaiure of
the Piesident may be requisite," &c.
Mr. JOHNSON. It would be very improper
to say that the question wlucli is presented by the
resolution oflcred by the honorable memberfrom
Illinois, if it was an original question, would be
entirely free from doubt, not only because the
honorable member from Wisconsin thinks differ-
ently, and has expressed a different opinion upon
it, but because there were some six or seven Sen-
ators, in 180.'), I think, who entertained a different
opinion. But, to my mind—with due rcspect to
the authority of my friend from Wisconsin—it
seems to be quite clear that a resolution proposing
an amendment to the Constitution is not to be
submitted to the President for his approval. The
object of the constitutional provision on the sub-
ject is simply to initiate a mode by which the peo-
ple shall decide whether there shall be an amend-
ment of the Constitution or not. It does not operate
as a law. The wholeeffect of it is, if it is initiated
by Congress, to. submit the question to the people
for their determination; and the Senate, of course,
will have seen that that is but one way in which
amendments are to be proposed. Precisely the
same effect is given to amendments proposed by
the Legislatures of the States. I suppose it will
hardly be contended that the President has any
control over a convention called by two thirds of
the State Legislatures.
What makes it, as I think, still more obvious
that it was not the purpose of the Convention that
framed the Constitution that the Piesident should
decide upon a resolution of this description is,
that the resolution itself is not to be passed unless
it is concurred in by two thirds of each House.
The constitutional provision which gives to the
President the authority to veto any such bill as
is to be submitted to htm for approval or rejec-
tion says that if he disapproves, he is to send it
to the House in which the bill oi resolution origi-
nated, and if passed by that House and the other
by two thirds it is to become a law notwithstand-
ing the veto. You are not to construe these pro-
