1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
631
visions, therefore, literally where they come in
conflict with each other, but you are to construe
them in relation to the subject-matter with which
they deal. By looking at the provision upon
which my honorable friend from Wisconsin re-
lies, you find that— *
" Every order, resolution, or vote 'to which the concur-
rence of the Semite and House of Representatives may be
necessary (except on a question of adjournment) shall be
presented to the President of the United States."
The clause immediately preceding says:
"If he approve he shall sign it, but if not he shall re-
turn it, with his objections, to that House in which itshall
have originated, who shall enter the objection? at large ou
their Journal, and proceed to reconsider it. If after such
reconsideration two thirds of that House shall agree to pass
the hill, it shall be sent, together with the objections, to
th^ other House, by which it shall likewise be reconsid-
ered, and if approved by two thirds of that House it shall
become a law."
Now, as such a resolution as the one in ques-
tion is a resolution which cannot be passed by
either House except by a vote of two thirds, why
should it-become necessary to submit that to the
President for his decision; for, after he decides,
there is but one provision looking to what is to
be done in consequence of his decision against the
resolution, and that is that it is to be passed by
two thirds; so that if this resolution was sent to
the President for his approval, and he rejects it,
and it comes back, it will just be precisely the same
vote,
Mr. HOWE. It does not follow that it will
g;et the same vote after Congress has heard the
President's objections.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know it does not; but
■what I mean to say is, that looking at the two
provisions—that is to say, the provision which
gives to the President the right to approve or disap-
prove, and the provision which looks to the duty
of Congress consequent upon his disapproval—it
is evident that what was intended to be submitted
to the President was a question which was to be
passed upon by more votes than were necessary
before it was submitted. Then the provision is:
" The Congress, whenever two thirds of both Houses
shall deem it necessary, shall propose amendments to this
Concututlo^i,, * * * * winch" * <*
* * " shall be valid, to all intent? and purposes, as
part of this Constitution, when latifiedby the Legislatures
of three fourths ol the several States, or by conventions
in three fourths thereof."
Now, the proposition is that no proposal by
Congress of an amendment to the Constitution,
although receiving the support of two thirds of
both Houses of Congress, is to be submitted to
the States, unless the President shall approve it.
That is not the case in relation to the other mode
of proposing amendments. There being two
modes, and stated in the alternative, the other
mode is:
" Oi, on the application of the Legislatures of two thh ds
of the several States."
What are Congress to do then? Suppose two
thirds of the States propose amendments, has the
President anything to do with that? All will ad-
mit that he has not. Has Congress anything to
do with that? All will admit that their single
duty then is—an impeiative duty—to call a con-
vention. So that the whole object of the clause,
as it seems to me, is merely to begin a mode by
which the people shall have an opportunity of de-
ciding whether the Constitution shall be amended
or not. But when, as is stated by the honor-
able chairman of the Judiciary Committee, every
amendment which has been adopted has been
submitted to the States without having been ap-
proved by the President, and when the Supreme
Court, at a time when it stood as high as it has
ever stood at any time since its organization, re-
fused even to hear an argument on the subject,
supposing it to be too clear for discussion, it
would seem to me that we ought to consider the
question as settled; and in order that it may be
considered as settled, that it is advisable to take
the particular case which is before us (where the
amendment has been submitted to the President
for his approval without at the time, as my friend
admits, due consideration or any consideration,
taking it for granted it was to go to him for ap-
proval) out of the way as a precedent.
The resolution was agreed to.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. FARWELL presented the credentials of
Hon. William Pitt Fessenden, chosen by the
Legislature of the State of Maine a Senator from
that State for the term of six years, commencing
March 4, 1865; which were read and ordered to
be filed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
391) authorizing an adjustment of the claims for
lands heretofore confirmed to any State, reported
it with an amendment.
Mr. DIXON, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred a bill
(S. No. 421) to amend an act entitled "An act to
incorporate the Columbia Institution for the Deaf
and Dumb and the Blind," approved February
16, 1857, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 364) authorizing
and requiring the opening of Sixth street west, re-
ported it without amendment.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred a bill
(S. No. 368) to incorporate the Association of the
Sisters of Mercy m the city of Washington, in
the District of Columbia, reported it with amend-
ments.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was recommitted the ImII
(S. No. 238) to ascertain and settle private land
claims in the State of California, reported it witlf
an amendment.
DISTRICT BUSINESS.
Mr. DIXON. I am directed by the Committee
on the District of Columbia to move that Satur-
day of this week, after the morning hour, be as-
signed for the consideration of business reported
by that committee.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have in my charge a
single bill relating to the Post Office Department
that I wish to have passed. 1 do not know why
the District Committee should have time particu-
laily assigned to its business when 1 cannot get
any time for mine.
Mr. DIXON. I believe it has been customary
to assign a day for the business of the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. COLLAMER. I knowthere has been that
practice, but I insist that some other committees
should have the same privilege also.
Mr. BROWN. 1 should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Connecticut to include in the business
of the District for which he wishes to assign a
special day, a bill of my own, reported from the
Military Committee, touching the militia organ-
ization in the State of Missouri. It is a very im-
portant military bill, and ought to have been acted
on long since.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Connecticut.
The motion was agreed to.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 431) to amend an act entitled "An act
for a grant of lands to the State of Kansas, in
alternate sections, to aid in the construction of cer-
tain railroads and telegraphs in said State," ap-
proved March 3, 1863; which was read twice by
its title, and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had disagreed to the amendments of
the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 583) to amend
the twenty-first section of an act entitled "An
act to define the pay arid emoluments of certain
officers of the Army, and for other purposes,"
approved July 17, 1862; asked a conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses; and had
appointed Mr. J. F. Wilson of Iowa, Mr. W.
II. Wadswouth of Kentucky, and Mr. E. R.
Eckley of Ohio, managers at the same on its part.
AMENDMENT OF ENROLLMENT ACTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning hour
having expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the unfinished business of yesterday.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 do not wish to interfere with
the regular ordur of the day; but with the indul-
gence of my colleague I am going to ask the Sen-
1 ate informally to take up the resolution which 1
offered yesterday calling on the President for in-
formation with reference to recent conversations
or communications with the rebels, that it may
be acted on without debate.
Mr. SHERMAN. If that resolution is to be
pressed now, I shall desire to discuss it.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator desire to
debate it.?
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to have it gotover.
I wish to discuss it.
Mr. WILSON. I hope, then, we shall pro-
ceed with the regular order of business.
Mr.SAULSBQRY. I have prepared an amend-
ment to the resolution of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, which I wish to lay on the table to
go over with the resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
will be received. The regular order of business
is the bill (S. No. 408) in addition to the several
acts for enrolling and calling out the national
forces, and for other purposes, the pending ques-
tion being on the amendmentof the Senator from
California [Mr. Conness] to the amendment of
the Committee on Military Affairs. The Senator
from California proposes to amend the third sec-
tion of the reported amendment by inserting after
the woid " who," in line two, the words "for
payor profit;" so that the clause will read, " that
any recruiting agent, substitute broker, or other
person, who for payor profit shall enlist or cause
to be enlisted," &c.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN. I move further to amend the
third section by striking out the word "by "in
the eighth line, and inserting the word " in,"and
in the next line by striking out the words " mar-
tial or military commission" and inserting "of
the United States having competent jurisdiction;"
so that it will read if amended, " shall upon con-
viction in any court of the United States having
competent jurisdiction, be fined," &c. I do not
propose to debate this question. 1 merely wish
to say that 1 have no doubt it would be betterfor
the country that this amendmentshould be made.
It will transfer this class of offenders to the proper
court where they may be tried according to the
forms to which the people are accustomed,and in
the judgments of wnich they will acquiesce; and
it will iclieve the military department from that
which must now be a source of great trouble, if
not vexation to them. Further, it will unques-
tionably make this section conform to the Con-
stitution. It will confine the jurisdiction of mil-
itary tribunals to military men, to those who are
in the land or naval forces and in the service of the
United States. It will throw all civilians within
the jurisdiction of the civil courts, and there they
will be tried, and tried much more speedily, fairly,
and, I think, acceptably to the country generally.
The question being put, it was declared that it
appeared that the amendment to the amendment
was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONNESS. I would not call for a divis-
ion or for the yeas and nays if I believed it was
the sense of the Senate to adopt this amendment;
but 1 can hardly think the Senate will agree to
transfer this class of cases to the United States
courts wheie the process uf trial and punishment
will be so slow as really to amount to nothing. I
do not wish to detain the Senate by any remarks
on the subject; but having no doubts on the con-
stitutional question involved, as presented yes-
terday so elaborately by the Senator who makes
this motion, and desiring that the provision shall
be effective, I can hardly think that it is the de-
liberate sense of the Senate to agree to this amend-
ment. I have therefore called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. COWAN. I have but a single word to
say. I may remark that the fact that the admin-
istration of criminal justice is slow has long been
common to our system. One of the illustrations
of it is, that a Tui kish cadi will hear a crime«or-
der the offender off to the other end of the room,
give him a hundred on the soles of the feet, or the
bastinado, and settle the question in twenty min-
utes; whereas an English or American court, hav-
ing regard to the liberty of the citizen, would per-
haps occupy itself for three months with that
same question, it is the very essence of liberty,
that those who are intrusted with the punishment
of the citizen should go slowly, in order that the
