nm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
The motion was agreed to, and the rules were
suspended.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Now I think I can state
in a moment what I think will satisfy the Ho?fse
that this is a just claim. [Cries of " Oh, no!"
" Oh, no!" on all sides.] Very well; I move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered to be put; and under
the operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the^hird time,
and passed.
- Mr. BRANDEGEE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MILITARY MATTERS.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to report back from
the Committee on Military Affairs the joint reso-
lution of the House (No. 170) with the Senate
amendments, and with an amendment recom-
mended by the Committee on Military Affairs to
th.eSenate amendments. The committee had leave
to report at any time. The resolution is a reso-
lution declaring and defining the meaning of the
law in relation to officers' servants. /
The amendment recommended by the com-
mittee to the amendment of the Senate was read.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled bills of the following
tjtles; when the Spealier signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 697) further to provide for
the verification of invoices;
An act (H. R. No. 749) providing for the con-
finement of juvenile offenders against the laws of
the United States in houses of refuge;
An act (H. R. No. 756) supplementary to the
several acts relating to pensions;
An act (H. R. No. 779) to regulate the taking
of depositions in certain cases;
Aa act (H. R. No. 791) granting a pension to
Sophia Brooke Taylor, widow of the late Major
Francis Taylor;
An act(H. R.No. 764) to incorporate the Con-
tinental Hotel Company of the city of Wash-
ington;
An act (H. R. No. 758) amendatory of the acts
relative to the Attorney General's office, and to
fix the compensation of his assistant and clerks;
An act (H. R. No. 556) granting a pension to
Ezekiel Darling;
An act (H. R. No. 565) granting a pension to
Rachel Mills, widow of Peter Mills, deceased,
late a major in the United States Army; and
An act (II. R. No. 775) for the relief of the
occupants of the lands of the ex-mission of San
Jose, in the State of California.
POST ROUTE BILL.
The SPEAKER. The Chair feels it his duty
to lay before the House the Senate amendments
to the post route bill. The Chair has examined
the bill and finds that all the amendments are
confined to post routes.
The Senate amendments were all concurred in.
CABINET OFFICERS IN CONGRESS.
The SPEAKER. The hour of one o'clock
having arrived, in accordance with the order of
the House last evening the House will now pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill of the House
(No. 214) to provide that the heads of Executive
Departments may occupy seats on the floor of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. PENDLETON and Mr. WILSON ad-
dressed the House. [Their remarks will be pub-
lished in the Appendix.]
The bill was then laid aside informally, accord-
ing to the previous understanding that no action
should be taken upon it.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled a bill of the following title:
An act (H. R. No. 707) to provide for the
publication of the Opinions of the Attorneys Gen-
eral of tho United Statesj when the Speaker signed
the same.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS".
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following communication
from the President, with the acccompanying
document:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C., March 9, 1865.
Sir : I transmit herewith the report of the Secretary of
War, which, with my permission, has been delayed until
the present time, to enable the Lieutenant General to
furnish his report. ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Hon. Schuyler Colfai,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. ANCONA. I move that the usual num-
ber of extra copies of the message and accom-
panying document be printed for the use of this
House.
The motion went to the Committee on Printing,
under the law.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Postmaster General, transmitting a statement of
the number of cleiks,&c., employed in that De-
partment.
Laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
REPORT OF GENERAL M'CLELLAN.
Mr. COX. At the request of several officers of
the army of the Potomac, I desire to call up a
resolution in regard to the printingof the supple-
mental report of Ma jor General George B. Mc-
Clefian as to the artillery service.
No objection, being made, the resolution was
taken up and read, as follows:
Rewired, That the Secretary of War, if not incompati-
ble with the public service, communicate to this House the
supplemental repoit of MajorGeneral George 13. McClellan,
as to the organization and opeiations of the army of the
Potomac, and having special reference to the orgaiuzjitioj '
and operations of the artillery service.
The resolution was adopted.
MILITARY MATTERS.
The SPEAKER, when the hour of one o'clock
arrived to-day, fixed for the consideration of
the special order, the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schenck] had the floor upon thejoint resolution
(H. R.No. 170) declaring and defining the mean-
ing of tho law in regard to officers' servants, with
an amendment of the SenatA, and amendments to
the amendment, reported by the Committee on
Military Affairs.
Mr. HOLMAN. I desire to move an amend-
ment,.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman can move
his amendment when we reach that portion of
the bill.
Mr. Speaker, this joint resolution now before
the House is an illustration of how a small ball
in the beginning, rolling back and forth between
the two Houses, may at length acquire formidable
dimensions. Here was a joint resolution which
passed this House regulating the pay of officers'
servants, and declaring what the law is, and how
it is to be construed in relation to that matter.
Thejoint resolution went to the Senate, and the
Senate, despairing of getting through certain
measures between the two Houses, during this
session, ingrafted upon this joint resolution, as a
substitute for the one single section contained
therein, an amendment embracing thirteen sec-
tions upon a variety of subjects. Those amend-
ments of the Senate have been before the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, have been scrutinized,
and I now propose to explain the conclusions of
the committee thereon.
As the first amendment of their substitute, the
Senate adopt the very joint resolution which we
sent to them, ft has already been agreed to by
the House,and it is unnecessary therefore forme
to comment upon that.
In the second section of their amendment the
Senate propose that non-commissioned officers
and privates in the volunteer service of theUnited
States shall receive the same amount of clothing
as non-commissioned officers and privates of the
same arm of the regular Army. That section
embraces a proposition which I submitted last
night as an amendment to an appropriation bill,
and which was received favorably by the House.
Therefore there can be no objection to having
that incorporated in a general military bill.
The third section provides for the distribution
of bounty to the children of soldiers who have
been killed, to tho mother of the soldier, to the
father, to the brother, in succession, according to
the principles of law. It is merely declaratory
of the general law upon this subject. It is pre-
cisely what has been recommended in regard to
this subject by both the Committee on Pensions
and the Committee on Military Affairs. I there-
fore need make no comment upon that provision.
Another section provides for an amendment of
the law in this respect: under the provision for
soldiers killed or wounded in battle, granting pen-
sions, it has been decided that the words " in bat-
tle" do not apply to soldiers killed or wotmdtrd
on picket duty, or in skirmishing, or when other-
wise encaged in the ordinary line of duty as
soldiers." This amendment provides that they
shall be entitled to the same pension if wounded,
or their heiis to obtain the same bounty if they
are killed, although not hilled or wounded in act-
ual battle. I suppose nobody will object to that..
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. J would ask
whether that amendment covers in its provisions
persons m the Navy as well as in the Arrny > In a
bill which was passed by the House some months
ago the law regulating pensions was confined to
persons m the military service, and those in the
naval service were omitted.
Mr. SCHENCK. This is purely a military
bill. 1 have not sought to cross the line into the
domain of the gentleman [Mr. Rice, of Massa-
chusetts] who represents the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
The fifth section of the amendment of the Sen-
ate is of this character: this House and Congress
at a former session passed a law that we thought
to be sufficient to put upon the same footing,
as to pay and allowance of bounty, the colored
troops with the white troops. It seems, how-
ever, that a construction has been placed upon
that provision which excludes from the operation
of that law the troops in South Carolina called
into the service of the Government by the general
commanding. This amendment proposes to place
them upon the same footing with the other troops.
1 am very sure that will not be objected to by any-
body.
The sixth section provides for authorizing the
President to enlist and organize out of the troops
in the service six regiments of volunteer engi-
neers. This corresponds with the action of the
House at the last session on the bill which failed
in the Senate. "That, however, provided for ten
and this provides for only six regiments. I pre-
sume there will be no objection to that section.
The seventh section, following out the same
idea, provides for the present volunteer regiment,
consisting of two companies less than the rule of
organization would give them.
The eighth section is one which provides against
an abuse said to prevail in the Army by keeping
up by appointment of officers a greater number
than is necessary for regiments reduced below
the minimum number. Thatis only in aid of the
existing law.
Then followtheninth,tenth,eleventh, twelfth,
and thirteenth sections of the Senate amendment.
These sections are so arranged as to confuse the
matter, I think, and we propose to strike them
out, although we restore them in a rearranged
order.
I tnrn now to the House amendments. Thl
first is the adoption of one of the Senate sections,
only reversing it in its meaning. The Senate
have passed a very ingenious section that the offi-
cers by brevet in the regular Army shall receive
the same pay and allowances as brevet officers of
the same rank in the volunteer service, and no
more. What is that? Just nothing at all.
This question was before the House on a former
occasion on the report of a committee of confer-
ence. There had crept into an appropriation bill
or a bill from the Committee on the Judiciary a
provision that brevet ofli'cers of the regular and
volunteer Army should neither of them receive
the pay, even when performing the duties, of the
hreventrank of regular assignment. The House
decided, after full discussion of the subject, not
to sustain the report. We reverse the matter; in-
stead of bringing the officers of the regular Army
down to the volunteers, and depriving both of
brevet pay, we lift the volunteer officers up to the
regular Army officers, as the law in reference to the
latter has existed since 1818, giving them brevet
pay when performing the duty*,. We dispose of
the whole matter, adopting the principle that
