1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
But when we had the draft last year, it was dis-
covered that although there was a surplus of
twenty-eight men who had gone from the agricul-
tural township to the war, they were credited to
the town in which I live, having been induced to
accept the bounties that were furnished by the
gentlemen in this wealthy town; and the result,
therefore, was that this purely agricultural town-
ship, that had sent an excess of her population
of twenty-eight persons to the war, was under
that draft compelled to furnish fourteen more.
Is that fair? Is that what the Committee on
Military Affairs want to provide for? Or is it
what we ought to provide against? This propo-
sition, if we adopt it, is going to create a very
radical change in the whole system of conscrip-
tion, and in half the instances, I think, to raise
three hundred thousand u will cost us five hun-
dred thousand enrolled men, as the section now
stands.
Mr. WILSON. The original enrollment act
allowed substitutes to be obtained among those
who were enrolled. At the last session it was
feared by some gentlemen that we should soon
exhaust the enrolled men of the country if we al-
lowed substitutes to be taken from among those
enrolled, and we provided that substitutes could
only bo obtained from among men under twenty
years ofage or over foi ty-five years, or from aliens,
unless the persons who were thus enrolled should
be made liable on future drafts. The practical effect
of that act is simply to confine the persons en-
listed as substitutes or as volunteers mostly to
aliens and to persons under twenty years of age.
I think the tendency js to check filling up the
Army. Now, what we want to do is to fill up
the ranks of our armies and to do itatonce. Most
of the men put into the armies ar£ enlisted; very
few are obtained by draft. ^ The enrollment sys-
tem has more effect to stir up, to press the people
and the officers of the various localities throughout
the country to fill up the Army by volunteering,
than it has the direct result of obtaining soldieis
by draft. That is the great value of the law.
I am told by persons engaged in raising men
that the effect of the law passed at the last ses-
sion has been to check enlistments. I was told
the other day, by a gentleman who has himself
enlisted and put into the service during this war
fifty-eight thousand men, that the passageof this
first section will increase the number of enlist-
ments tenfold at once, and he suggested at the
same tune thatanotherprovision ought to be made,
which the committee have not reported, that the
substitute should have the same bounty as the
enlisted man, and be put on the same footing in
every respect. He thought that in that way we
could fill up the armies speedily.
I know that many provost marshals and many
persons engaged in filling up the armies are of
opinion that this change ought to be made. We
now take men for one year,and when a man has
served his time he goes back. There is no dan-
ger of exhausting the enrollment. I believe that
if we could now fill up the pending call for three
hundred thousand men, wc should have no spe-
cial reason for any more soldiers. We want these
men now. Our armies are not filled up because
of the manner in winch the attempt has been
made to execute the law, and because of the ter-
rible abuses that have grown up under the sys-
tem of heavy bounties, stimulating bad men to
perpetrate wrongs upon others and upon the Gov-
ernment itself. If we had had three months ago
fifty thousand or seventy-five thousand men to
send to General Grant before Richmond, 1 think
the war would have been ended to-day by the de-
struction of the only force there is in the country
that carries the flag of the rebellion, I mean Lee's
4rmy. Why did we not have it? We have had
all sorts of constructions of this plain law which
he that runs may read and understand. Then we
have had all sorts of interference with its execu-
tion—committees sent here from localities to ask
the Secretary of War or the Provost Marshal
General or the Pi esident to do what none of them
had any right to do; and I understand that com-
mittees have been here recently to fill up the cali
that has been made by getting reductions rather
than by sending men. There is a report in circu-
lation that a large percentage of the numbercalled
for from one of the Slates has been remitted by
the President, who has no more right to do it than
I have. Neither he, nor the Secretary of War,
nor the Provost Marshal General has any right to
do these things. They are a violation of law, and
it is unjust to the whole country that they are ex-
ercising power which does not belong to them.
Sir, this is a plain matter of calculation. The
law provides for the enrollment of men between
twenty and forty-five years of age; and when the
enrollment is made, if it is incorrect it may be re-
vised, and should be revised; but when the proper
officers appointed have done that work, it do^s
not belong to the President or anybody else to in-
terfere with it. If a call is made for men, justice
to all sections of the country requires that the
record shall stand correct, and the quota of each
locality is a matter of mere mathematical calcula-
tion and not of favoritism toward any man or set
of men in the country. It is this eternal inter-
ference, this construction one way to-day and an-
other way to-morrow, that has prevented filling
up our armies promptly; and the result is also
owing to the system of large bounties and those
abuses by which insane men, drunkards, crim-
inals, and men who have run away from the Army,
have been enlisted and imposed upon the country;
so that the result is that we do not get more than
fifty per cent, of the men who arc professed to be
put in the service. General Hinks, who has had
the supeiintendence of this matter in New Yoik
harbor for months, under his own hand, in a pub-
lic letter that has been printed, testifies that not
more than fifty per cent, of the men sent there
really go to make up the forces of the countiy.
Our present system seems to be to fill up quotas and
not fill the armies. It is because the armies have
not been filled up as they should have been under
the call for five hundred thousand men last year
that Lee's army is defiant at Richmond to-day.
If General Grant had had fifty or sixty thousand
more men last fall, he could have cut Lee's lines
of communication and have destroyed that army.
Now, sir, I am opposed to this policy. I am
in favor of adopting means at once to get all the
men we can raise of the three hundred thousand
men called for, and fill up the armies now, and
put an end to this war that we all want to see
ended. I think the striking out of the first section
will simply have the effect of checking the filling
up of the armies, and to make the matter linger
along. There is no dangerof exhausting the men
of the country. We have m the country to-day
more men fit for military duty than we had when
the war opened. There is no danger on that
point. What we want to do is to get the men
now, at the earliest possible moment, for we have
no time to lose. Open the spung campaign; de-
stroy the mil itaiy power of the rebellion; and then
weshall have peace without sending commission-
ers to Richmond, or meeting their commissioners
half way to talk about it.
Mr. GRIMES. If the purpose of this section
of the amendment which is proposed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs be to accomplish that
which the Senator ssays is all that was accom-
plished by the laws that have hitherto been passed
on this subject—that is, to frighten people into
volunteering in the national foices—it is possible
that this section of the present bill may accom-
plish that end, and therefore may be of some
value; but if it be a real, genuine enrollment bill;
if it be based on the theory that every man owes
his service, his life, if need be, to the country, and
that we should come just as near as possible to
requiring every man to perform that sacred duty,
then I say that we ought to amend the Senator's
proposition by striking out the first section.
The Senator says we have not accomplished
as much as we ought to have accomplished hith-
erto in filling up the Army, for three different rea-
sons, I believe; first, he says that there have been
various interferences by the executive author-
ities of the Government; in the next place, there
has been a great deal of rascality perpetiated by
bounty brokers and-other persons of that descrip-
tion; and iu the third place, there have been a
great many irrelevant and indecisive and im-
proper constructions placed upon our laws by the
executive authorities who have the administra-
tion of them.
Are we going to improve that condition of
things by changing our legislation on this subject
every few months? It is now thoroughly known
all through the country what our legislation is. It
is now knosvn that a man who is already enrolled
upon the books of the provost marshal cannot be
accepted as a substitute for another. man%
that operated injuriously ? Has there been a draifc
in the Senator's own State ? Has he.had any;e;x-
perience or observation of it? I have had-i/i the
town in which I live, which is the central point
in the congressional district in which a draft has
been made, and I can tell the Senator that he is
wholly mistaken in regard to the operation of the
law as it now stands. I have seen men of fam-
ily and of substance who have been drafted, and
who had the capacityand the opportunity to pro-
cure substitutes, but who said that they did not
believe that it was a manly and generous course
for them to pursue, and they shouldered their
muskets, leaving their families and their property
behind them,and are nowuriderGeneral Sherman.
We have experienced no difficulty there in
the law as it now stands. We have no dispo-
sition to sacrifice two men for the sake of secur-
ing one. Where does this demand for a change
come from? Will the Senator tell me that the
War Department desires this change? He has
not so informed the Senate, and I have heard
from no quarter that anybody has desired it, ex-
cept some gentleman who, the Senator says, has
enlisted fifty-eight thousand men since this war
began. He has not told me what relation that
man sustains to the parties for whom he has en-
listed them. It may be possible that it may be
for the interest of that individual, as the agent of
a State or as a private broker, that this chauge of
the law should take place, because then he will
have a wider field from which to secure his sub-
stitutes. He can then go into one of the agricul-
tural townships in Massachusetts, ifa draft should
be ordered in that State, and exhaust from that
township enough of the men who are already en-
rolled there to iill up the quota that may be due
from a rich commercial township adjacent to it;
and then when the draft shall hereafter come upon
that agricultural township, she will be deficient
to the extent of the men that have been drawn
from her, and the draft will be imposed upon
those who remain; and if there shall not be men
enough capable of bearing arms in the township
after this number have been drawn off into the
rich commercial towns, who is the sufferer? The
Government of the United States.
Mr. President, I confess that I have never heard
that there was any objection to the law as it now
stands in this respect, and I never imagined that
there was going to be any attempt to change the
enrollment law on this subject. As I have said
before, I live in a Slate whore a draft has been
made in every county, and I have never heard of
any objection to the law as it stands being made
by anybody there. Why shall we change it;
why shall we have this irresolute, thisindectsive,
this whiffling, changing kind of legislation, to the
principle ot which the Senator attributes so much
of the evils of the past in regard to the filling up
of the quotas ?
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say to the Sen-
ate that 1 think the act we passed at the last
session has had a tendency to prevent filling up
the armies of the United States in this way: per-
sons who are enrolled, knowing that they may
be drawn if the draft comes, are not likely to go
into the service, and thus their enlistment has
been prevented. Besides, it has had a tendency
to make persons who had substitutes to get or
who wished to enlist men, go around and pick up
aliens, get them in from Canada, get them any-
where they could, and pick up boys under twenty
years and men over forty-five, and put improper
men into the service. I have no doubt that if we
allow the men who are enrolled to be enlisted,and
exempt them from draft during the time they are
in the service, it will enable us to fill up the armies
more speedily at the present*time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him one question while he is on this
particular subject?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator is speaking
of the effect of the law of the last session upon
the enlistments. I wish to ask him if the repeal
of the commutation clause did not have the eifect
to cut off enlistments and stop volunteering?
Mr. WILSON. I have notexamined the sub-
ject enough to decide that question; but I was
opposed, as the Senator knows, to the repeal of
the commutation clause. I had to submit to it,
however, &3 I have to many other things here.
