634
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
I referred to the opinion of a gentleman who
has raised during the war fifty-eight thousand
men. I alluded in that reference to Mr. Blunt,
of the city of New York, who was here a day or
two ago, and who impressed upon me the import-
ance of this very section; and I have here a letter
from a provost marshal in which he says that if
this bill be passed it will fill up the armies and
keep the armies fullpif properly executed; that
these amendments will have that tendency; and
it is because I so believe that 1 have pressed the
changescontained in this bill. The Senator from
Iowa moves to strike out the first section. I hope
his motion will not prevail. What we want to
do is to fill up our armies now. If the war was
to be continued three or four years longer there
would be logic in what he says.
Mr. GRIMES. Whatasaurance have you that
the war will not continue ?
Mr. WILSON. I believe we want the men
now, and the assurance that the war will not be
continued will be given by the fact of our fur-
nishing the men now. If we furnish the men we
now need within the next sixty days, everybody
knows that this war cannot go on; but if we fail
to do it, if we fill up quotas instead of filling
up the Army, if we have a class of men put
into the service just to fill up the quotas, who aie
unfit for service, men who are broken down in
health, men who will run away, men who will
desert, we shall have expended the resources of
the country, filled the pockets of the substitute
brokers, made fortunes for them, as many of
them have made independent fortunes within the
last few months, and we shall have spent millions
of dollars on men who will be of no use to the
country, and General Grant and our other gen-
erals will be as poorly off as they ever were for
efficient men. What we want to do is to fill up
the armies now, to get good men, and put an end
to the war; and I go for this change because I
have no doubt it will tend that way, and 1 know
that to be the opinion of some of the gentlemen
who are largely interested in filling up the Army;
and I will say, in regard to Mr. Blunt, that I am
told he has done this work for nothing, without
pay, and that he has enlisted into the service of
the country more men, by all odds, than any other
person—over fifty-eight thousand.
Mr, CONNESS. Do I understand the Senator
from Massachusetts to quote Mr. Blunt as the
authority that he gave a while a«-o ?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. The man who received $50,000
at New York for doing nothing?
Mr. WILSON. It is said that is not so.
Mr. GRIMES. He is the gentleman that se-
cured the naval enlistments of about twenty-nine
or thirty^thousand, is he not? I inquire whether
those thirty thousand naval recruits credited to
the city of New Yoik are a part of the fifty-eight
thousand ?
Mr. WILSON. I do not know.
Mr. GRIMES. He is the gentleman who, in
his report, chuckles over the admirable manner in
which he was able to secure the credit of those
recruits for that city.
Mr. BROWN. I desire to say in my own be-
Irnlf that I differ very widely from the chairman
of the Military Committee upon the effect of this
section. I believe the effect of it will be the very
reverse of what he has stated. If I c&in get his
attention for a moment, 1 will suggest this' leflec-
tion. He charges that the bounty system fur-
nishes the Army now with the very worst class
of soldiers, men who run off, men who are unfit
for service, men who are insane, and men in every
respect disqualified for the scrvice;and yet,in the
face of these facts, he wishes now to extend the
bounty system, whiph is limited by law to a cer-
tain class, so as to enable the bounty brokeis to
have the whole of the population of the United
States who are enrolled from whom to rake and
scrape all the worst material they can get to go into
the Army. In other words, he wants to increase
tenfold the amount of bad material from which
they can get those whom they can induce in this
manner to go into the armies of the United States.
Now, I contend that any such policy as that will
be a policy destructive and injurious to the ser-
vice. 1 say that the bounty system itself is a bad
one, and the more the bounty system is limited
the more effective will be the service of your Army.
As you have it now limited to a small class, you
have it under far better restraint than if you ex-
tend it in this manner by authorizing a wholesale
substitute system throughout of those who are
enrolled.
That is the pointto which I wish to call the atten-
tion of the chairman of the Military Committee;
but, sir, I wish to call the attention of the Senate to
another fact, that this expansion of the bounty sys-
tem—for it is nothing more nor less than an ex-
pansion of the bounty system—is an increase in
af tenfold ratio of the power of the wealth of the
country to buy itself out of the duties of this war.
It is giving it a power which it never had under
any previous enrollment act, a power which those
gentlemen who advocated the present enrollment
act disclaimed when it was on its passage. It is
giving the wealth of the country the power to buy
itself out of the duties that are devolved on it by
this war. It was argued here, when that measure
was before us at the last session of Congress, that
there would be no injustice in authorizing the pur-
chase of a substitute, especially where that sub-
stitute was not liable to enrollment, and that it
did not interfere with the basis of your armies as
presented in the enrollment list; and that argu-
ment was held, to a certain extent, valid in the
Senate, and on the strength of it the bill was passed
as it now stands. But now, in the name of the
wealth of the country, it is demanded that this
whole restriction shall be abolished, and that it
shall have opportunity to select its substitutes
from all those who are enrolled, and who are re-
quired to do military duty, putting it in diiect an-
tagonism with the men who are poor and who are
unable to furnish substitutes.
1 desire to say for myself that I am opposed to
the system of bounties; that I think it is injurious
and disastrous to the service; that I think it has
wrought us moie ruin than any other featuie of
our enrollment bills, and I shall be glad to see it
stricken out; hut so long as it is maintained in
any of your bills, I desire to see it limited to the
smallest possible compass.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the section
proposed to be stricken out by striking out in the
fifth line the word "drafted" before "person,"
and inserting after the word " person" the words
"drafted fiom the same town, city, or ward in
which the substitute is enrolled;" so as to make
it read:
That from and after the passage of thh act any person
omollt (1 .uid liable l'  !hi draticd may be accepted  t. . a sub-
stitute for a pcr-Mm (hatred fiom the same town, eity, or
watd in which the Mibsiiiute is enrolled.
It is just this, that a man drafted may be per-
mitted to find a substitute from the enrolled men
in his own town, ward, or city, but that he shall
not go into another ward, town, or city so as to
oxcite competition between the different towns,
wards, and cities. I can see an advantage in al-
lowing the provision reported by the committee
to pass with this amendment; and I desire to call
the attention of the Senate to the position in which
you place the enrolled men of the country and the
military resources of the country by the old law.
You enroll everybody liable to military duty; that
is, the best men m your town, the men from
twenty to forty-five, the men fit for service.
When a man is drafted and proposes to get a sub-
stitute, he is fiom the very necessity of the case
obliged to go outside of that enrollment and find
a substitute among the men unfitted, or among
aliens, or such people as would be enlisted for the
bounties and then deseit. If you allow a man in
his own town to enlist a substitute from those
who are enrolled, you are more sure that he will
get a fit substitute and a good substitute, because
the substitute was a man fit to be enrolled, and
then you do not excite any competition with any
other town,and whatever is done isuone with the
knowledge of the town, and the men of the town
furnish their substitutes among themselves. You
get the same class of people that you would get
through the draft—the men liable to be drafted—
if you allow the selection to be from the enrolled
men; and the only objection to it is, that you ex-
empt the man who goes as a substitute and the
man for whom he goes at the same time.
Mr. COWAN. You exhaust two men on the
enrollment for the service of one.
Mr. CLARK. Exactly; and there might be
some danger that the enrollment list would be ex-
hausted; but I do not think that danger and that
mischief would be half as large as the danger and
mischief we are now encountering. I can state
a case where two hundred and fifty men were
put into one of the regiments in my State, and
in forty days or less after those men were put m
two hundred and forty of them deserted. They
. went away by the wholesale. They were men
who went in for the bounties, and went in to de-
sert; and they were smart men and did desert.
Mr. COWAN. If the Senator from New
Hampshire will allow me, I think I can suggest
to him a somewhat ancient method of avoiding
the difficulty of which he speaks, in one moment.
According to the provisionsof some of the State
laws in early times for making drafts, when John
Smith was drawn and procured John Thompson
to become his substitute, the name of John Smith
was put back into the wheel, and that of John
Thompson taken out. That prevented all the
difficulty. Then at a subsequent day, if John
Snnth was drawn again and he chose to get John
Jones for a substitute that time, the same process
took placc. It was left to be regulated between
them entirely as to the amount of bounty which
the principal would pay for his substitute. I do
not see that there can be the smallest difficulty in
introducing a provision of that kind into our law,
which would avoid ail this difficulty; because it
is manifestly unfair that two men should be ex-
empted from military service on account of the
actual military scrvice of one.
Mr. CLARK. I have not the least objection,
if the Senate think proper, that it should be so
arranged, and that the person who is first drafted
and who procures a substitute shall take the place
of the man who is substituted for him, and have
his name put back on theenrollment. That would
keep your enrollment full; but I do desire that
there shall be, some provision for persons who
are drafted and cannot go to get some good men
if they can, and not be obliged to take up any
substitute that may be offered.
Mr. COWAN. There is one difficulty with
regard to the proposition to confine the party to
procuring his substitute from the enrolled men of
his own district, because the population is to a
certain extent transitory, and itis particularly so
with reference to that class of men who go as sub-
stitutes. Sometimes they leside in one town-
ship, sometimes in anothei; sometimes in one
county, sometimes in anothei; theicfore it might
perhaps be injudicious to confine the man in the
selection of a*ubstitute to the enrollment of the
district in which he lived; but it could all be pro-
vided for, no doubt.
Mr. CLARK. 1 think that difficulty may be
readily overcome. In fact I do notthink it would
amount to much, because the population is very
stable in many parts of the country; the men en-
rolled are very stable men, they are the best men
of the country, they are the young men, the strong
men, the promising men.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that we shall adopt
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
New Hampshire, and that the Senator from Iowa
will withdraw his motion and let us go on with
the bill. I think the amendment is a good check
and ought to be adopted.
Mr. BROWN. Does the Senator mean the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania?
Mr. WILSON. The amendment of the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire.
Mr. BROWN. And that of the Senator from
Pennsylvania also?
Mr. CLARK. We can adopt this amendment
first, and then the other can be proposed.
Mr. BROWN. I have no objection to this.
ThePRESIDlNGOFFICER. (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from New Hampshire to the firs£*
section of the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not sure that J under-
stand how the bill will be as amended. Is it the
purpose of the clause to prohibit a drafted man
from procuring a substitute unless the substitute
himself be an enrolled man?
Mr. WILSON. By the present law a man can
obtain a substitute anywhere.
Mr. JOHNSON. So I supposed.
Mr. WILSON. But if an enrolled man is
drafted he is liable to go,and therefore it is very
difficult to enlist good men, men who have any
character or substance, who are enrolled, and the
