1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
£35
enlistments are mostly from persons under twenty
years of age, or aliens, or worthless men who are
enrolled. The amendment just adopted is that
a man that is drafted may get his substitute under
age as now, or an alien as now, or pick up any-
body that is enrolled that he can get, but he must
get the enrolled man in his own township or lo-
cality. It confines him to that locality if the sub-
stitute is enrolled and liable himself to be drafted.
I am willing to take that amendment and put that
limitation upon the section. It meets the objec-
tion offered by the Senator from Iowa that a rich
community may go into a poorer one and pick
up its men.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did not mean to object to
the amendment proposed by the honorable mem-
ber from New Hampshire, but I want to know
whether the effect of the clause as amended is to
take from a drafted person the right to procure a
substitute anywhere.
Mr. CLARK. Not at all.
Mr. WILSON. It enlarges the privilege he
has now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa to
strikeout the first section of the amendment as
amended.
Mr. GRIMES. I withdraw that motion. The
Senator from New Hampshire hasanotheramend-
ment which he proposes to that section, which
will make it unexceptionable to me, and I tlunk
everybody else.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to insert in the third
section, after the word " person," in the fourth
line, the words "convicted or person charged
with crime." Let me say, in making this mo-
tion, because I find that the language I propose
to insert was contained in the original bill for
which the committee have presented this substi-
tute, that I regard the insertion of these words as
necessary, perhaps more necessary than any other
provision contained in this substitute. Perhaps the
greatest abuse that exists under the enrollment
and in the obtainmentof soldiers occurs in this
connection. It is the habit in the city of New
York, and in other cities, in the city of Wash-
ington, I am told, for men who are engaged in
this business of bounty jumping, as it is now
known, to cause the arrest of persons by police
officers who are engaged with them in making
money; and when they are arrested they are
drugged, having been made drunk in advance,
and incarcerated in prison, charged with the com-
mission of an infamous crime, for which there is
no foundation in fact. They are frightened with
its publicity, surrounded with some evidences of
the proofs that they are going to present of the
crime charged against them. Thus the men are
compelled to agree, while in a state of stupefac-
tion and fear, to enlist in the Army of the United
States, with the agreement that the parties with
whom they thus agree shall receive the bounty
that they are entitled to by law if they shall ester
the service. In many instances in the city of New
York—more instances than one—it is an ascer-
tained fact that justices of the peace are found to
engage in complicity with such transactions. The
result is not only that you get honest men in the
service who should not be there, who are not there
by the love they bear for the service, who are not
there by the obligations they feel to the count) y
to render it military service or to engage in the
national cause, but who are there by duress, by
imposition, by fraud, but who feel, after they
sober up and find themselves in the Army, that
it is but just and right to themselves to desert on
the first'opportunity. In addition to that, you
find your armies filled with felons, taken from
the jails of the country, men of the worst classes,
men who have no regard for their obligations,
men who engage and bargain, as a part of the
transaction, that they shall receive a portion of the
money, and thus it is divided up between this lat-
ter (lass and the police officers and bounty-jump-
ers and brokers engaged in this business.
in many instances you get hundreds of soldiers
nominally, no proportion of which remain in the
Army, but all of whom deseit and run to the en-
emy, desert and reenlist; arid if there is any form
of crime committed in conncction with this busi-
ness of obtaining soldiers for our armies, it ap-
pears to me that the transactions of which 1 have
spoken, and which are ascertained facts not sub-
ject to question any longer, are the grossest form
of crime that can be committed, and they should
be stopped and punished. It cannot be called
with any fairness, or with any justice, or with any
reason, an advantage to put convicted men in the
Army, and therefore I move the insertion of these
words.
Mr. COWAN. Allow me to suggest that it
ought to be an infamous crime, not an ordinary
offense which does not render the party infamous.
Mr. CONNESS. The men engaged in this
business would, then, simply lower the grade of
their charges against the men whom they drug,
make drunk, and drag into prison for the purpose
of getting the bounty, and thus evade the law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania move an amendment to
the amendment?
Mr. COWAN. I move to insert the word " in-
famous" before "crime."
Mr. CONNESS. I submit that you will de-
stroy the value of the amendment by the insertion
of t{ie word " infamous," because, as I before
suggested, the men engaged in this business will
be careful, then, not to chaige them with infamous
crime; they will simply lower the grade of charge
they make against these persons and thus evade
the law.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Pennsylvania
is in the third degree; the Chair was not aware
that the amendment of the Senator from Califor-
nia was an amendment to the amendment; but
being so it is not amendable.
Mr. CONNESS. Itcan be inserted afterward,
if such is the sense of the Senate.
Mr. RICHARDSON". I am opposed to the
amendment proposed by the Senator from Cali-
fornia in the shape in which he has got it, cer-
tainly. He uses the word "crime." A man is
guilty of assaultand battery, and it is a crime; it
is so designated by the law. In many of the
States it is indictable; in all of them it is a crime
because it is punished by fine. But at all events
I am opposed to the amendment for another rea-
son. A man is guilty of manslaughter: it is a
crime; but I do not see why that man may notbe
placed in the Army as well as a man who has been
guilty of no crime. It is a good place in which
to put him. I do not think the reason exists for
the exclusion of that class of persons from the
Army. I think they might as well be placed there;
indeed it is a better place for them. There is a
class of offenses known as crimes that do not dis-
qualify men from voting, from serving upon ju-
ries, from the exercise of all the privileges of citi-
zens, except the punishment that is inflicted. A
riot is a crime; but 1 do notthink that would ren-
der a man incompetent or unfit to be a soldier. I
am opposed to it.
Mr. GRIMES. It may he desirable to amend
the amendment proposed by the Senator from
California at a subsequent stage, but I trust that
we shall adopt it as it now is, and then if we see
fit to amend it by inserting the woid "infamous"
or to use the word " felonious" in connection with
it, we can do so. It seems to me that the transac-
tions which have heietofore taken place m differ-
ent portions of the country in this connection call
for some remedy and some rebuke on the part of
Congress. 1 do not know how it has been in all
portions of the country, but I will state what I
am informed has been the case here in the Dis-
trict of Columbia. 1 was told by a gentleman
acquainted with the jail and connected with it that
a latge number of persons—1 think seventy-two;
I am not confident as to the exact number—who
had been arrested and some of them indicted for
high crimes and misdemeanors, some as high as
arson and rape and robbery, have in some way
or other, through the instrumentality of some
agents or other, been taken out of the jail and sent
to the Army, and not one of them to-day remains
in the Army. Why, sir, do you suppose that
such men as those are going to subject themselves
continually to the discipline of an army? After
preying for a little while upon their fellow-sol-
diers, if they do not deseit to the lebels they go
back to some of the large cities where they return
to the commission of ollcnses of the description
of those for which they were fust incareeiated in
a jail.
Wj; owe it, Mr. President, to the noble men
who are lighting for us that such men as these
should not be thrust into the Army,and that they
should not be compelled to associate with them.
It degrades and demoralizes the Array to allow-
in it culprits, men who have been charged and
•who are guilty doubtless—at any rate the pre-
sumption is that they are guilty. It is not right
to allow men who have been charged with an of-
fense, and many of them indicted and in jail; to
be taken out without undergoing any trial or with-
out any punishment being inflicted upon them,
and pay bounty to them or to the agents who se-
cure their release, who become " straw bail" for
the'm, and then after going into the Army, asso-
ciating with our soldiers for a little while, they run
off and desert to the enemy or else come back and
go to prowling about again in iniquity and vice.
I trust the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia will be adopted, and then if it be the opin-
ion of the Senate that we shall insert the word
"infamous," or the word " felonious," I shall be
content that it be done.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 desire to submit a motion
that 1 know will not be agreeable to the Senator
from Massachusetts, but 1 think that he ought to
yield to it, and that the Senate ought to yield to
it when I state the facts. 1 move that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed, and that
the joint resolution in regard to the duty on print-
ing paper be taken up. I will state to the Senate
that on Saturday last that resolution was made
the special order for yesterday, at one o'clock,
but at the urgent demand of the chairman of the
Military Committee I yielded withouteven a con-
test to allow this bill to be taken up, which he
told me would be passed in half an hour, or an
hour at most. This morning 1 called his atten^ .
tion to the fact that the bill had occupicd all day
yesterday, and he told me that at two o'clock to-
day he would ask no further time, and would not
resist my motion. I think it is manifest now,
from the number of amendments that are pend-
ing, that this bill will give rise to further debate,
and the Senate ought to carry out the under-
standing. It is now half past two o'clock, and I
therefore move that the further consideration of
this bill be postponed, or that it be lecommitted,
if the Senate desires that course, and that we take
up the resolution fixing the duty on pi in ting paper.
Mr. CLARK. 1 desire to submit to my col-
league on the Committee on Finance, the chair-
man of the committee, whether it would not be
better to finish this bill now. We have well pro-
gressed in it, and I think that we shall actually
save time, and that the chairman of the Finance
Committee will have more time for his bills after
we shall have finished this, than he will by urg-
ing his now. 1 do notatalldepreciatc the impor-
tance of the measure which he moves to take up;
it is a proposition to regulate the duty on print-
ing paper; but I submit to the chairman of the
Finance Committee, and I submit to the Senate,
whether we do not owe it to the country rather
to fix the manner in which we shall raise men to
put in our armies, than to stop the debate just at
this time and delay the measure for the purpose
of fixing the duty on printing paper. I agree with
him about the importance of that measure, and
will go with him heart and hand to consider and
dispose of it; but I think he had better let us fin-
ish this bill now.. I submit to him whether that
is not the better course.
Mr. SHERMAN. In reply to the remarks
made by the Senator from New Hampshire, I
will say that I know from remarks made about
me that there are other amendments to be offered
to this bill; and it will take a great deal of time.
In regard to the joint resolution regulating the
duty on printing paper, I am perfectly indifferent
as to its fate, whether it be postponed or not; but
it stands in the way of other business; it is a lev-
enue measure, and I believe by the usual courtesy
of the Senate has a preference for that reason.
The legislative, executive, and judicial appropri-
ation bill is ready for the consideration of the
Senate, and 1 can call that up. Thcie are other
appropriation bills that are now pending in com-
mittee, and can be brought before the Senate. I
think we had better proceed with these questions
of practical legislation.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire if the paper duty
bill does not decrease the revenue, in placc of in-
creasing it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The House bill undoubt-
ed! v does.
Mr. GRIMES. How is it with the Senate bill?
