1865.
T51. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
say what the gentleman has said; I simply say
that 1 did not.understand the effect of the pro-
vision.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have said that since the
committee made their decision such representa-
tions have been made in regard to the purpose
and effect of that provision as place the question in
'"a different light.
Mr. ODELL. I did not understand that this
provision struck at a particular officer, and one of
merit.
Mr. SCHENCK. Nor did I; nor do I now
know that it does. But it seems to have that
effect.
Mr. ODELL. I refer to General Meigs, the
head of the quartermaster's department, to whom
the country is much indebted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to explain
the reason of the motion which I made to strike
out the twelfth section, which has been inserted
by the Senate. That section provides that any
head of a bureau of the War Department who
shall receive a rank greater than that prescribed
for the head of that bureau shall vacate his posi-
tion as the head of that bureau. I do not know
any officer whom this will strike except'General
Meigs, the very worthy head of the Quarter-
master's Bureau. He has been brevetted a ma-
jor general. The law prescribes that the head
of that bureau shall be a brigadier general. Last
summer, when this city was menaced by the reb-
els, General Meigs organized from the quarter-
master's department some three thousand troops,
and took them out into the trenches in defense
of Washington. While thus engaged he re-
ceived this brevet of major general. It was very
well earned and very {ippropriately conferred.
The effect of this twelfth section would be to turn
General Meigs out of the quartermaster's depart-
ment and assign him to some other duty. I think
that this sort of personal legislation ought not to
be indulged in. I have therefore moved to strike
out that sectior^. 1 think that the country can-
not afford at the present time to dispense with the
valuable services of the present head of the quar-
termaster's department. I hope, therefore, that
the House will strike out this amendment of the
Senate, and leave General Meigs where he is.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The motion of Mr. Farnsworth to strike out
the twelfth section was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Cobb, one
of their clerks, announced that the Senate had
passed, withoutamendment, bills of the following
titles: , '
An act (H. R. No. 739) regulating the fees
of custom-house officers on the northern, north-
eastern, and northwestern frontiers of the United
States;
An act (H. R. No. 780) to extend the provis-
ions of the first section of an act for the govern-
ment of persons engaged in certain fisheries, ap-
proved June 19, 1813;
An act (H. R. No. 775) for thereliefof the oc-
cupants of the lands of the ex-mission of San
Jose, in the State of California;
An act (H. R. No. 745) granting land to the
State of Michigan to aid in building a harbor and
ship-canal at Portage Lake, Kewenaw Point,
Lake Superior;
An act (H. R. No. 459) to provide for the con-
solidation of the Indian tribes, and to establish
civil government in the Indian Territory; and
An act (H. R. No. 485) for the relief of the
trustees of the mission church of the Wyandotte
Indians.
Also, that the Senate had passed an act (II. R.
No. 774) to establish certain post roads, with
amendments, in which they requested the con-
currence of the House.
Also, that the Senate had passed a bilt of the
following title, in which they requested the con-
currence of the House: •
An act (S. No. 43) to incorporate the Freed-
men's Savings and ^'rust Company.
Also, that the Senate had agreed to the confer-
ence asked by the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on bill H. R. No. 682, mak-
ing appropriations for the currentand contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for fulfill-
ing tifaties with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, 1866.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found duly enrolled bills of the following
titles; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 764) ^incorporate the Con-
tinental Hotel Company of the city of Washing-
ton;
An act (H. R. No. 779) to regulate the taking
of depositions in certain cases;
An act (H. R. No. 758) amendatory of the acts
relative to the Attorney General's office, and to
fix the compensation of his assistant and clerks;
An act (H. R. N°- 756) supplementary to the
several acts relating to pensions;
An act (H. R. No. 775) for the relief of the
occupants of the lands of the ex-mission of San
Jose, in the State of California;
An act (H. R. No. 556) granting a pension to
Ezekiel Darling;
An act (H. R. No. 565) for the relief of Ra-
chel Mills;
An act (H. R. No. 791) granting a pension to
Sophia Brooke Taylor, widow of the late Major
Francis Taylor;
An act (H. R. No. 697) further to provide for
the verification of invoices; and
An act (H. R. No. 749) providing for the con-
finement of juvenile offenders against the laws of>
the Unrted States in houses of refuge. kjr
MILITARY MATTERS AGAIN.
The House resumed the consideration ofjoint
resolution H. R. No. 170, declaring and defining
the meaning of the law in regard to officers' ser-
vants.
The next question was on the motion to strike
out the sixteenth section.
Mr. PIKE. I do not propose to discuss this
question. The Committee on Military Affairs
agree with me that this section is unjust to dis-
tricts remote from thesea-board, and that its whole
effect is to benefit a few seaport towns where the
sailors congregate. •
The motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion of
Mr. Holman, to amend the amendment of the
Senate by adding a new section.
Mr. HOLMAN. This question is one of great
public importance, and therefore, for the purpose
of indicating the sentiment of the House on the
subject, 1 desire to call the yeas and nays.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 trust the gentleman will
not do that. The House has never even divided
on the question. It is nearly unanimous.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust that the yeas and
nays will be taken. It will consume but a few
moments.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken on Mr. Holman's
amendment; and it was decided in the affirmative
—yeas 91, nays 31, not voting 60; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ancona, Arnold,
Asliley, Baiiy, Augustus O. Baldwin, Baxter, iieaman,
Bliss, JUlow, Boyd, Brooks, Broomall, James S. Brown,
Coffruth, Cox,Cravens, Dawes, Dawson, Denison, Dixon,
Eden, Edgerton, EUlriuge, Eliot, Finck, Ganson, Garfield,
Grider, Grlnnell, Harding, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles M.
Harris, Higby, Holman, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Hutching,Philip Johnson, Kalbfluiscli, Kernan,Law, La-
zear, Loan, Marcy, McAllister, McClurg, Middletori, Wil-
liam H. Miller,DanielMorris, Amos Myers,Leonard Myers,
Noble, Odell, John O'Neill, Orth, Perry, Pomeroy, Price,
Pruyn, William H. Randall, John H. Rice, Edward H. Rol-
lins, James S. Rollins, Ross, Schenck, Scofleld, Scott,
Smith, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stevens, Stiles,
Strouse, Stuart, Thayer, Townsend, Tracy, Van Valken-
burgh, Wlialey, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W.
White, Wilson, Fernando Wood, Woodbridge, Worthing-
ton, and Yeaman—91.
NAYS—Messrs. John D. Baldwin, Boutwell, Brandegee,
Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Henry
Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Driggs, Goocii, Hooper,
John H.Hubbard, Hulburd, ingersoll, Kelley, Francis W.
Kellogg, Marvin, McBride, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Shan-
non, Sloan, Sinithers, Spalding, Upson, Elihu B. Wash -
burue, William B. Washburn, Webster, Williams, and
Wilder—31.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J.
Allen, Anderson, Blaine, Blair, Wilham-G. Brown, Clian-
ler, Clay, Cresweli, Deming, Donnelly, Dumont, Eekley,
English, Farnsworth, Frank, Griswold, Hale, Hall, Har-
rmgton, Herrick, Jenckes, William Johnson, Julian, Kas-
son, Orlando Kellogg, King. Iinapp, Knox, Le Blond, Llt-
tlejoiin, Long, Longyear, Mallory, McDowell, Mclndoe,
MeKinney, Samuel F.Mlller,Moorhead, Morrill, James R.
Morrie, Morrison, Nelson, Patterson, Pendleton, Perham,
Pike, Badford, Samuel J. Randal), Alexander H. Rto?,
Robinson, Rogers, Starr, Sweat, TJiotnas,. Veorliees,
Wadsworth, Ward, Windom, Win fie id, and tienjamm
Wood—60.
So the amendment was agreed to; • 1
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was agreed to;-and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table. ,
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled bills of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 780) to extend the pro-
visions of the first section of an act for the gov-
ernment of persons in certain fisheries, approved
June 19, 1813;
An act (H. R. No. 745) granting land to the
State of Michigan to aid in building a harbor and
ship-canal at Portage Lake, Kewenaw Point,
Lake Superior;
An act (H. R. No. 567) granting a pension to
Elizabeth B. Leppien;
An act (H. R. No. 454) granting a pension to
Thomas Bootle; and
An act (H. R. No. 605) to increase the pay of
midshipmen and others.
MILITARY MATTERS—AGAIN.
The question then recurred on Mr. Thayer's
motion to strike out the following:
That in every case where a substitute is furnished to take
the place of an enrolled or drafted man, and it is shown
by evidence that shall be satisfactory to the Secretary of
War that such substitute was, at ttife time of his enlisrineht,
known by the party furnishing In in to be non compos mentis,
or in a condition of Intoxication, or under conviction or
indictment for any offense of the grade of felony at the com-
mon law, or to have been guilty of a previous act of deser-
tion unsatisfied by pardon or punishment, or, by reason of
any existing infirmity or ailment, phys-ically incapable of
perfoimmg the ordinary duties of a soldier In actual service
in the ranks, or minor between the ages of sixteen ami eigh-
teen years, without the consent of his parent or guardian, or
a minor under the age of sixteen years, it shall be the duty
of the Provost Marshal General,on advice of the faet, to
report the same to the provost marshal of the proper dis-
trict; and if such person so enlisted and incapable shall
have been, since the passnge of this act, mustered into the
service as a substitute for a person liable to draft and not
actually drafted, the name of the person so liable who fur-
nished such substitute shall be again placed on the list)
and hesWall be subject to draft thereafter as though nosucli
substitute had been furnished by him; and if such substi-
tute so enlisted and incapable as aforesaid shall have been,
since, the passage of this act, mustered into the service as
a substitute for a person actually drafted, then it shall be
the duty of the Provost Marshal General to direct the pro-
vost marshal of the district immediately to notify the per-
son who furnished such substitute that lie is held to service
in the place of such substitute, and he shall stand in the
same relation and be subject to the same liability as before
thj; furnishing of such substitute : Provided, That no such
decision shall be made hy the Secretary of War unless made
on notice to the party within thirty days after the substi-
tute shall have been mustered into service.
Mr. ANCONA demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 58, nays 70, not voting 54;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James O. Allen, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Beaman, Brooks, James S. Brown, Ooffroth,
Dawson, Denison, Eden, Edgerton, JEldridge, English,
Finck, Ganson, Harding, Benjamin G. Harris, CharJex M-.
Harris, Herrick, Holmah, Hutching, Philip Johnson, Kalb-
fieisch, Kernan, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Long,
Marcy, Middleton, William H. Miller, James It. Morris,
Morrison, Odell, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Perry, Pike,
Pruyn, James S. Rollins, Rrtss, Scott, Shannon, Joluj B.
Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Thayer, Thomas,
Townsend, Tracy, Webster, Wheeler, Chilton A. White,
Joseph W. White, and Yeaman—58.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Anderson, Ashley, John
D. Baldwin, Baxter, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Broom-
all, Ambrose W. Clark, Cobb, Cole, Henry Winter Davis,
Thomas T. Davis, Dawea, Dixon, Driggs, Ehot, Frank,
Garfield, Gooch, Grinnell, Higby, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asa-
hel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Kelley, King, Littlejohn, Loan, Marvin, Mc-
Bride, McClurg, Moorhead, Morrill, Amos Myers, Leonard
Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Perham, Pomeroy,
Price, William H. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John H.
Rice, Edward H. Rollins, Schenck,Scofield, Sloan,Smith,
Spalding, Upson, Van Valkenburgh, Elihu B. Washbume,
William B. Washburn, Wlialey, Williams,WilderaWiisoir,
Windom, Woodbridge, and Worthington—-70.
NOT VOTJNG—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Arnold,
Baily, Biair, Bhss, Brandegee, William G. Brown, Cbanier,
Freeman Clarke, Clay, Cox, Cravens, Cresweli, deming,
Donnelly, Dumont, Eckley, Farnsworth,Grider,Griswold,
Hale, Hall, Harrington, William Johnson, Julian, Kasson,
Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Jvnox, Longyear,
Mallory, McAllister, McDoweil, Mclndoe, MeKinney,
Samuel F. Miller, Daniel Morris, NeUon,Noble, Patterson,
