1402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Robin«on, Rogers, Smithers,
Starr, William G. Steele, Sweat, Voorhees, Wadsworth,
Ward,Winfield, Benjamin Wood, and FernaitdoWood—54.
So the section was not stricken out.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the vote by which
the House refused to strike out the section be re-
considered; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurring on the substitute pro-
posed by the Committee on Military Affairs to
three sections of the Senate amendment, as be-
fore explained, it was put, and the substitute was
adopted.
The Senate amendment, as amended, was then
agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK moved that the vote by which
the amendment as amended was adopted be re-
considered; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
duties on foreign imports.
Mr. MORRILL. The Senate has returned to
the House the bill of the House (No. 795) amend-
atory of certain acts imposing duties on foreign
imports, with amendments.
I move that the House non-concur in ail the
Senate amendments, and ask a committee of con-
fert'iioe.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER- subsequently appointed Mr.
Stevens, Mr. Cox, and Mr. Griswold, as such
committee on the part of the House.
enrolled bills.
Mr. POMEROYj, from the Committee on En-
rolled Bills, reported that the committee had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a bill (H. R.
No. 739) to regulate the fees of custom-house
officers on the northern, northeastern, and north-
western frontiers of the United States; when the
Speaker signed the same.
freedmbn's bureau.
Mr. SCHENCK. The committee of confer-
ence on the bill of the House to establish a Bu-
reau of Freedmen's Affairs, having met, after full
arid free conference have agreed to recommend to
the two Houses a bill as a substitute for that
which was referred to them. The report has al-
ready been acted on m the Senate and agreed to
by that body. I ask that the report be read, and }
upon its adoption 1 demand the previous ques-
tion.
The report was read,
Mr, HOLMAN. 1 rise to a question of order.
It is that the report does not come within the
scope of the conference committee. It does not
report the proceedings of the Senate, or an agree-
ment by the committee on an amendment to tlie
Senate's amendment to the House bill, butit re-
ports an entire substitute for both the original bill
and the substitute adopted by the Senate, and it
establishes a department unprovided for by either
of the other bills.
The SPEAKER. The Chairunderstands that
the Senate adopted a substitute for the House
bill. If the two Houses had agreed upon any
particular language, or any part of a section, the
committee of conference could not change that;
but tho Senate having stricken out the bill of the
House and inserted another one, the committee of
conference have the tight to strike out that and
report a substitute in Us stead. Two separate
bill's have been referred to the conference com-
mittee, iind they can take either one of them, or
a new bill entirely, or a bill embracing parts of
either. They have a right to report any bill that
i« germane to the hills referred to them.
Mr HOLMAN. I take an appeal from 'he
decision of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Indiana
takes an appeal from the decision of the Chair,
and the question is, Shall the decision of the
ChairV&nd as the judgment of the House?
Mr BROOKS. Upon that I call for the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
1 he question was put; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 89, nays 35, not voting 58;
as follows: °
YEAS—Messrs. .iames C. Allen, Alley, Allison Ames,
A mold. A>hley, John 1). Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman,' Blaine'
Ulotv. BoutVvHL Boyd, Brandegee, Broomall.Ambrose W.'
Cl&tk, Freeman Claike, Cobb, Cole, Cox, Henry Wmtei
Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Driggs, Eckley, Eliot,
Frank, Garfield. Gooch, Grmnell, Hale, Higby, Eooper,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,• Uul-
burd, IngeifOil, Jenckes, Kelley, Orlando Kellogg, Knapp,
Le Blond, Littlejohn, Loan, Longyear, Marvin, McCluig,
Moorhead, Morrill. Daniel Morris, James R. Morris, Amos
Myers, Leonard Myers, Norton, Chailes O'Neill, Orth,
Peiham, Pike, Pomeroy, William H. Ilatulall, Alexander H.
Rice, John H. Rice, Edwaid H. Rollins, James S. Rollins,
Lloss, Schenck, Scoficld, Shannon, Sloan, Spalding, Ste-
vens, Strouse, Thayer, Tracy, Upson, Van Valkeuburgh,
Voorhees, Ehhu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn,
Webster, Wlialey, Wheeler, Williams, Wilder, Wilson,
Windom, Woodbudge, and Wortliington—89.
NAYS — Messis. Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, Bli*s,
Brooks, Coffroth, Dawson. Demson, Eden, Edgerton, El-
druige, English, Finek, Ganson, Grider. Harding, (lenick,
Philip Johnson, Kalbfleisch, Kernan, ftfarcy, Middleton,
William 1-1. Miller, Nelson, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Perry,
Pruvn, Rogers, Scott, John B. Steele, Stiles, Townsend,
Clniton A. White, Winfield,and Yeanian—35.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Ancona, An-
derson, Blair, James S. Brown, William G.Brown. Chan-
ler, Clay, Cravens, Creswell, Deming, Dixon, Donnelly,
Dumont, Farnsworth, Griswold, Hail, Harrington, Benja-
min G. Harri^jCharles M.Hariis, Holman, Hutchms, Wil-
liam Johnson, Julian, Kasson, Francis W. Kellogg. King,
Knox, Law, Lazear, Long, Mallory, McAllister, MeBride,
McDowell, Mclndue, McKinney, Samuel F. Miller, Mor-
rison. Noble,Odell, Patterson, Price, Radford, Samuel J.
Randall, Robinson, Smith, Simthers, Starr, William G.
Steele, Stuait, Sweat,Thomas, Wadsworth, Ward, Joseph
W. White, Benjamin Wood, and Fernando Wood—58.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
Mr. SCHENCK. From the reading of the
report, i apprehend that the House understand
wh„at it is. J therefore demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question oruered to be put.
Mr. COX. I move to lay the report on the
table.
Mr. LE BLOND. Upon that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 52, nays 77, not voting 53; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Baily, Bliss,
Brooks, Coffroth, Cox, Dawson, Demson, Eden, Edgerton,
Eldridge, English, Finck, Ganson, Grider, Hardin?, Ben-
jamin G. Harris, Charles M. Harris, Herrick, Holman,
Philip Johnson, Kalbfleisch, Kernan, Knapp, Law, Le
Blond, Long, Marey, McAllister, McKinney, William H.
Mi#er, James R. Morris, Morrison, Nelson, Odell, John
O'Neill, Pendleton, Pruyn, Samuel J. Randall, William
H. Randall, Ro-ss, Scott, John B. Steele, Stiles, Sirouse,
Stuart,Townsend, Voorhees, Wheeler, Chilton A. White,
and Yeaman—52.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman. Blaine, Blow, Bout-
well, Brandegee, Broomall, Ambio^'e W. Clark, Freeman
Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Da-
vis, Dawes, Deming, Ehor, Farnsworth, Frank, Garfield,
Gooch, Giinneli, Higby, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard,
John !i. Huhbaid, Ilullmrd, fngersoJI, Kasson, Kelley,
Fiancis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Knox, Littlejoim,
Loan, Longyear, Marvin, MeBride, McClurg, Mooiiiead,
Morrill, Daniel Mori is, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Nor-
ton, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Perham, Pike, Price,
John II. Bice. Edwaid II. Rollins, James S. Rollins,
Schenck, Scofifcld, Shannon, Sloan, Spalding, Thayer,
ThomasTiacy. {'ps-on, Van Valkenburgh, Ehhu B. Wash-
buine, William'B. Waehbuin, Whaley, Williams, Wilder
Wilson, Win<iom,and Woodbrulge—77.
NOT VOTING—Meiers. William J. Alien, Anderson,
Augustus C. Baldwin, Blair, Boyd, James S. Brown, Wil-
liam G. Biown, Chanier, Clay, Cravens, Cieswell, Dixon,
Donnelly. Drisgs, Dumont, Eckley, Griswold, Hale, Hall,
Harrington, Hooper, II utchins, Jenckes, William Johnson,
Julian, King, Lazear, Mallory, McDowell, Melndoe, Mid-
dleton, Samuel F. Miller,Noble, Perry, Pomeroy, Radtord,
Alexander H. Rice, Robinson, Roger*, Smith, Smith ere,
Starr, William G. Steele, Stevens, Sweat, Wadsvvorth,
Ward, Webster, Joseph W. White, Winfield, Benjamin
Wood, Fernando Wood, and Wortliington—53.
So the House refused to lay the report of the
conference committee on the table.
The question recurred on agreeing to the report,
and it was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report of the conference committee was
agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
USE OF THE HALL.
Mr. PRICE. J ask unanimous consent to offer
the following resolution:
Whereas, there are many thousands of our soldiers in
the hospitals in and around the city of Washington who
have faced the enemy of our common country on many
hard-fouaht battle-fields, and who are now recruiting their
health ftoin sickness and from wounds; and whereas,
during their sojourn here for the purpose before indicated,
they have, in order to protect themselves from the coin-  
inon too of humanity, and paiticul.irly ot th« Ann), a.«o- j
ci.sted them-elves t«> cth^rm a total abstinence<>rg.u\iza- j
tion called >Sou'« of Temperance; and whereas, these sol- j
dicrs and ouier-, thu& oigauized, detire to hold a public I
meeting for the encouragement of their members and the
advancement of their cause: Theretore,
Be it resolved, That the Hallo! the House of Represent-
atives be, and the same is hereby, granted tosaid organiza-
tion for a public meeting on the evening of Tuesday, the
7th instant.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The House
has adopted a resolution that this Hall shall not
be used for the purpose of any public meeting
during the recess.
Mr. J. C.ALLEN. I object to the resolution.
Mr. PRICE. I move to suspend the rules to
euable me to offer the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The House made an order,
and reconsidered and laid it on the table, that the
Hall should not be used for any such purpose
during the recess.
The rules were not suspended, two thirds not
voting in favor thereof.
PUBLIC COAL LANDS.
Mr. HIGBY, from the Committee on Public
Lands, asked leave to report back an act (S. No.
380) supplemental to the act approved 1st July,
1864, for the disposition of coal lands and of
town property on the public domain.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN objected.
Mr. HIGBY. 1 move to suspend the rules,
and on that I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The rules were not suspended, two thirds not
voting in favor thereof.
quartermasters' contracts.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, transmit-
ting an abstract of certain contracts made by the
quartermaster's department; which was laid oil
the table, and ordered to be printed.
unfinished business.
Mr. SWEAT. 1 move to postpone all special
orders, and that the House proceed to the con-
sideration of unfinished business.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Mr. COX. i move to suspend, the rules for
that purpose.
jyir. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. On that I
call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 37, nays 89, not voting 56; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Alien, Ashley, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Boyd, Brandegee, Cox, Dawson, Edgerton, Eld-
ridge, Griswold, Cliailea M. Hams, Ilcrrick, Kalbfleisch,
Knapp, Law, Left fond, Mai cy, Marvin, McKinney,William
H. Miller, James R. Moiris, Leonard Myers, Nelson, Noble,
Pendleton, Ferry, Alexander H. Rice, Ross, Scott, Sweat,
Thomas, Townsend. Voorhees, Webster, Wheeler, Win-
field, and Yeanian—37.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ancona, Baily,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, beaman, Blow, Broomall, Chau-
lfr, Ambrose W. Clark. Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cole,
Thomas T, Davis, Dawes, Deming, Denison, Dixon, Driggs,
Eckley, Eden, Eliot, Farnsworth, Finck, Frank, Ganson,
Garfield, Grider, Grmnell, Ilaidmg, Benjamin U. Harris,
Higby, HotehkifS, Asahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,
Hulburd,Hutchins, Philip Johnson, Ivasson, Kelley,Orlando
Kellogg^Kernan, Knox, Lazear, Littlejohn, Loan, Long,
Longyear,MeBride, McClurg, Middleton, Samuel F.Mil-
ler, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Morri«, Moriison, Amos
Myers, Norton, Odell, John O'Neill, Orth, Perham, Pike,
Pomeroy, Pruyn, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall,
John H. Rice, Rogers, Edward II. Rollins, Scofleld, Sloan,
Stevens, Strouse, Stuart, Thayer, T/aev, Van Valken-
burgh, ElihuB. Washbume, William B. Washburn, Wha-
ley, Chilton A. White, Williams, Wilder, Windom,Wood-
bridge, and Worthmgton—89.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Anderson,
Arnold, Blame, Blair, Bliss, Bontweil, Brooks, James S.
Brown, William G. Brown, Clay,Coffroth, Cravens, Crea-
whI), Henry Winter Davis, Donnelly. Dumont, English,
Gooeii, Hale, Hall, Ilarungton. Holman, Hooper, Injreisoll,
Jenckes, William Johnson, Julian, Francis W. Kellogg,
King, Mallory, McAllister, McDowell, Melndoe, Charles
O'Neill, Patterson, Price. Radford, Robinson*, James S.
Rollins, Schenck, Shannon, Smith, Smithers, Spalding,
Stair, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stiles, Upson,
Wadsworth, Ward, Joseph W. White, Wii&on, Benjamin
Wood, and Fernando Wood—56.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof) the
rules were not suspended.
The hour of half past four o'clock, p. m.,havirg
arrived, the House took a recftof? untii half past
seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING? SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock, p. m.
PAY DEPARTMENT OV.THK NAVY.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I rise to a priv-
ileged question. 1 call up the motion to recon-
