THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that as we propose
to amend it it will increase the revenue. That is
our opinion, and I have no doubt of it. I insist
on my motion. If a majority of the Senate are
against me I shall consider myself overruled and
say no more about it.
Mr. CLARK. I will make this suggestion:
the draft is fixed for the 15th of this month, and
•whatever we do upon this bill should be done be-
fore that time. The session will not close until
the 4th of March, and we may have all the time
between the 15th of February and the 4th of March
to pass the legislative appropriation bill, even if
we were obliged to take up with other measures
all the time between the present date and the 15th
of February. I submit to the Senate whether we
shall not save our time by finishing now the bill
we have on hand, keeping at work on it until we
get it out of the way, and then take up the meas-
ure the Senator from Ohio proposes; because if
we postpone this now it wiil be called up again
at the first opportunity by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, for it is a bill of which he feels the im-
portance, and he will press it on the Senate until
it is ended. I submit that it had better be finished
now.
Mr. POWELL. I have a little interest in this
squabble about the precedence of business. I
have in my charge a very important bill to my
region of country, and indeed to the whole coun-
try, which was made the special order of the day
for yesterday. That bill was knocked out of the
way by this. I do not intend any more to sub-
mit to (he postponement of that bill unless I am
voted down by the Senate. Now, if this bill be
laid over, I shall move to take up that bill of mine
in preference to any other. I yielded yesterday,
as I thought gracefully, to this bill, which it was
said would take twenty minutes, but has now
taken nearly two days. I find that i acted very
badly for the interest of my bill by yielding on
that occasion, and I now notify Senators that I
will yield no more. I think it will take but a
little time to pass my bill, and 1 notify the Senate
that I will challenge all comers on all bills until
it shall be disposed of, and I will not even post-
pone it to my friend from Ohio with his paper
duty bill, if I can help it. I would have done so
yesterday, probably, but he waived the paper bill
then, and now if any bill is taken up in prefer-
ence to the one before the Senate, it ought to be
my railroad bridge bill.
Mr. CONNEfcicJ. 1 hope the Senator from Ohio
will withdraw his motion at this time, and let us
finish this bill and get it out of the way. It is
very evident that until this is cleared away we
can get at nothing else with satisfaction. Then
I for one will join the Senator from Ohio in get-
ting his appropriation bills forward.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 believe I am alwaysgood-
humored about the order of business, if mem-
bers of the Committee on Finance will not vote
to take up our bills, I am afraid we shall be
clogged at the end of the session with long and
wearisome night sessions, and that legislation will
not be properly considered. The honorable chair-
man of the Military Committee now tells me that
he can pass this bill in an hour. I hope the Senate
wiil enable him to do so, and therefore I withdraw
my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Califor-
nia [Mr. Conn Ebb] to the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I move now further to amend
the first section of the substitute by striking out
all after the word " person," where it occurs for
the first time in the fifth line, and inserting at the
end of what was inserted by a former amendment
on my motion these words: "And the name of
the drafted man shall be continued on the cmoll-
ment list, and such drafted man shall be liable to
future calls and drafts in the same way and man-
ner as Ins substitute would have been liable;" so
that the whole section will read in this wise;
That from and after the passage of Him act. any person
enrolled and liable to be drafted may he accepted as n sub-
stitute for a person drafted from tlic same town, city, or
ward in winch the substitute is enrolled; and the name of
the drafted man -hall be continued on the enrollment h.-t,
ami sue!) drafted man shall be liable to future calls and
drafts in the eatne way and manner as the substitute would
have: been liable.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that that is
the law now. I wanted to make a change in it.
If it be the disposition of the Senate to take this
amendment, 1 should like to add the words," but
not until the present enrollment shall be ex-
hausted."
Mr. BROWN. Oh, no; that would destroy
the whole effect of it.
Mr. WILSON. As the amendment is now, it
is worse than the present law.
Mr. BROWN. We want to get rid of the
system of exhausting two men to get one.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to ask the Sen-
ator who offers the amendment if it is not just
what the law now is.
Mr. CLARK. It is, as I understand it, the
law as it is; but I desire, in changing the law, to
keep it still before the public by putting it in con-
nection, so that no question shall arise about it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The people of the State
of Indiana are not so ignorant of the draft law that
it need be repeated at every session of Congress.
I believe one or two drafts pretty fully informed
the people of the provisions of the law, so that I
cannot see the necessity of this amendment. I
am free to say that the only feature of this bill as
itcame from the committee which I admired was j
the first section of their amendment. I do not
see much merit in all the rest of the bill; but this
first section did open the entire military force of
the country to the Army.
Mr. GRIMES. The second section would
save fifty thousand men in a year to the Army.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the first section
would cut off to some extent the business that
bounty brokers feed and live upon. You open
up the entire class from which substitutes cere to be
obtained by the proposition as it came fiom the
Senate committee, and wiil, perhaps, if this law
be properly administered, enable the War De-
partment to fill up the Army at once with a very
valuable and serviceable material. I thought
there was something in the first section; but if
we have to go light back to the law of the last
session, or as we amended the former law at the
last session, and leave the legislation just where
wo found it, I cannot see any necessity for the
section. It is trifling with the subject, in my
judgment. I want to see an opportunity to fur-
nish substitutes from the men who are enrolled.
Here are two men in a neighborhood, both of
them enrolled. The one is diafted, and the
other is not. The probability is that for some
months at least there will not be a necessity for
another draft. The man who is diafted cannot
go. The condition of bis family is such as to
make it impossible. Sickness at home or some
other reason may make it impossible for him to
go. His friends are willing to help him. This
other man who is enrolled and is not drafted and
who would make a good soldier, says, 441 will
go for a icasonable compensation." The Army
in that way is filled at once, so far as that draft is
concerned; the quota is supplied; the necessities
of the country met. Is it not a good provision?
But you say we shall go right back to where the
law was, and not take a step in advance. I think
the first section as reported is a good provision,
and I hope the Senate will stand by it.
Mr. WILSON. If the Senator will allow me
a moment, I will read what the law now is. It
is the fifth section of the act of February 29,
186-1:
" That if such «nib«fitute is not liable to draft, The person
furnishing him shall be exempt fiom draft dmmg the time
for which such substitute is not liable to diaft,not exceed-
ing the teim for which lie was diafted; am! if i-uch  uh-,ti-
tnie is liable todralt, the name of the peison furnishing
him shall again be placed on the loll and shall be liable to
diaft on future calls, but not until the |no*-ent enrollment
shall be exhausted; and tins exemption shall not exceed
the term tor which such person shall have been diafted."
The object of the first section of the committee's
amendment was to allow persons who were drafted
to obtain their substitutes among men who are
enrolled and liable to be drafted, but who have not
been drafted. The Senator from New Hamp-
shire moved to amend that so as to confine it to
the persons within his own locality and his own
township. I assented to that. If that stands,
then the person is exempted for the time during
which his substitute is liable to serve, if he gets
him m his own town; but if he goes beyond his
own township, he is under the operation of the
fifth section of the actof last year; his name goes
to the foot of the enrollment list, and he may be
drafted again. I am content that it shall stand in
that way.
But if the amendment now proposed by the
Senator from New Hampshire should be adopted,
it will make the section more stringent than the
law is at the present time. The person furnish-
ing a substitute is nowliable to bedrafted, buthe
is not liable to be drafted until the enrollment is
exhausted; he goes to the foot of thateurollment;
but he has not even that limitation in theamend-
ment proposed by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire. 1 hope that the amendment will not be
pressed. I think it would be well if we leave
the section just as it now stands. Let the drafted
man, if he gets a substitute in his own township,
among his own neighbors, a good respectable
man, be exempted for the time that that man goes
into the service; but if he goes beyond his town-
ship to any other place, then his name goes on
the list,and. he is liable to bedrafted again. Let
him take that risk. I am willing that he should.
As the section now stands, it equalizes nil local-
ities, and I hope it will be allowed to stand as itis.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator from Massachu-
setts thinks the amendment 1 have offered is a
little more stringent than the provision in the old
law, I will withdraw the amendment striking out
and inserting, and will move simply to strike out
the words " and such drafted person shall be
exempt from service for such time as the substi-
tute shall be held to service under the terms of
his enlistment," so as to leave the old law exactly
as it stands in force; so that the section will read:
That from and after the passage of this act any person
enrolled and liable to be drafted maybe accepted as a sub-
stitute for a person drafted from the t>aine town, city, or
waid in which the substitute is enrolled.
And then the old law will prescribe the condi-
tion of the man who procures the substitute as to
future enrollments.
Now, Mr. President, I desire to say to the Sen-
ator from Indiana that I have not presumed upon
the ignorance of the people of his State; 1 have
no doubt they are just as intelligent as any per-
sons can bo; but I have sometimes in the practice
of the law found this difficulty, that when 1 found
an alteration of a statute in part I was obliged to
go and hunt up the old statute and compare the
two together to see what was the true meaning of
what was reenacted and what was left out. 1 de-
siie to save all that trouble to everybody in con-
struing the law on this subject, by bringing it
together in the same section. I desire, as the Sen-
ator from Indiana does, to allow a man to get a
substitute from the men enrolled in his own town;
tlmt is, among his neighbors. But take the case
he puts of a man who cannot go, whose family
are sick, or it is very inconvenient for him to go,
and he desires to get a substitute, and his neigh-
bor is willing to go for him. He says to his neigh-
bor, "Will you go for me r" and he says, "I will."
It £ectns to be but just and fair to the other
persons enrolled in that town that only one of
those men should be excused; because if there be
twelve men enrolled and you exempt two it leaves
ten, and the chances are a little increased that one
of those ten will be called for the next time. But
I do not know that it is so very important as to
make it necessary to pass the amendment that I
proposed.
But there is a necessity that the amendment
should prevail as it has been adopted by the Sen-
ate, in this regard, that one town should not be
permitted to bid over another town. We found
this difficulty in the State of New Hampshire.
We are not so rich a State as the State of Massa-
chusetts. There is the city of Boston lying right
below us, and the towns of Lawrence and Low-
ell. They would offer higher bounties than we
could give in many of our agricultural towns, and
the result was that men went from there to Low-
ell, or Lawrence, or Boston, and took the bounty
and enlisted, and were credited to the State of
Massachusetts, and we had so many less men to
procure our quota from. I desire to keep our
men in our own towns, that one town shall not be
permitted to overbid in that way on anothertown
because it has more wealth. The city in which I
reside, in that way would have a vast advantage
over some of the small agricultural towns in the
State. They would draw all the men there to be
enlisted, wluch would be unfair to those little
towns. If a man is to be permitted to geta sub-
stitute in his own town, and not go further among
