1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
631
theenrolled men, then it would be fair among all
the towns.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will say to the Senator
from New Hampshire that I have not objected to
that feature of his proposition.
Mr. CLARK. But I understood the Senator
to say the section would not be worth anything1.
_ Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir; I said the sec-
tion was useless if we go further and make it
mean just what the law of last session means. 1
object to restricting thccffectof furnishing a sub-
stitute, as I understood the Senator to propose.
1 have seen in my own section of country the
effect of this business of furnishing substitutes.
1 think it is the most demoralizing thing that 1
have ever beheld. As the law now stands, a man
can furnish a substitute only from a particular
class—persons under twenty years of age, aliens,
or negroes from the southern States. A person
is drafted in some neighborhood. He does not
know where there is any person of this class.
He has to go to some of the more prominent
towns where there are agencies established and
who publish that they will employ and furnish
substitutes. The substitutes go to them. Fel-
lows are wandering over the country who want
to sell themselves out for $1,000. They hunt
up the substitute broke?; and thence arises this
business. If the drafted man, instead of going to
the substitute broker to obtain a substitute, were
allowed to go to his neighbor and make a bargain
with him and let this neighbor take his place and
give him five or six hundred dollars, it would
break up this system of substitute brokerage, and
restore to some extent a little morality and decency
in the country. I want to see that done.
Mr. CLARK. I agree with the Senator in
that.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator from New
Hampshire has withdrawn his amendment I de-
sire to renew it.
Mr. CLARK. I have withdrawn the amend-
ment to strike out and insert, and renew the
amendment to stuke out the words:
Anil such drafted person shall be exempt from service for
such ume ns the substitute1 shall be held to service under
the terms of his enlistment.
Mr. GRIMES. I hope the Senator will allow
the Senate to take a vote on the proposition as he
originally submitted it; and I want to try to show
the Senate why 1 think the same principle that
governs them in adopting the first amendment
proposed by the Senator from New Hampshire,
and the same pi inciple to which 1 understand the
Senator from Indiana and the Senator from New
Hampshire now give their adherence, require us
to adopt the amendment last proposed by the
Senator from New Hampshire.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will allow me, I
will renew the motion to amend that I made origi-
nally, and then if that should not be adopted i
can makefile motion to strike out.
Mr. GRIMES. Mr. President, when the en-
rollment bill was originally before us, and at the
last session also, theie was a majority of the
Senate, or if not a majority at least a very large
minority, who were opposed to the power being
granted to any person who might be drafted un-
der the enrollment law to ptocure a substitute.
We believed it was the duty of every man to ren-
der his service to the Government; but at last,
during the conflict that existed between the two
Houses, we gave way, and, in the interest of cap-
ital, in the interest of wealth, we allowed men to
procure substitutes to go into the Army and fight
the battles of the country for them.
It is objected by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire and the Senator from Indiana, and I think
justly—I agree with them fully m it—that we
ought not to allow this ability to procure substi-
tutes to extend so far as to allow the persons who
may be drawn in one township or ward of a city
to go outside the jurisdiction of that townshipor
waid and obtain substitutes from among men
•who have been enrolled in another township or
waul of a city. Why? Because they say these
rich counties, cities, townships, and wards will
draw from the poor agricultural townships all
the men, ora portion of the men, who are enrolled
in that township, and who will be requned to fill
up the quotas of these agricultural and poor town-
ships.
There is a great deal of validity in that argu-
ment. But let me ask the Senator from Indiana
and the Senatorfrom New Hampshire if the same
principle that governs them in regard to their con-
d net in relation to the townships, cities, and wards,
ought not and should not govern them in regard
to the individuals within the townships. Let me
put an illustration. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts, the chairman of the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, lives in a township in the State of
Massachusetts. He is a man of wealth.
Mr. WILSON. Oh, no.
Mr. GRIMES. If he is not, he ought to be,
and we all wish that he were. I takeit for granted
that he is a man of wealth, with his half million
dollars. Around him are twelve poor men, me-
chanics. The Senator is on the enrollment listand
is drafted. He goes to one of those mechanics,
and he hires htm, by paying him $1,000,to go into
the Army and serve in a military capacity in his
behalf for the term of three years. The d raft still
impends upon that township. There must be a
certain number of those twelve drawn. Two of
them are already exhausted. The Senator has
been drawn. He has procured a substitute, and
ought not to be compelled to perform service, ac-
cording to the theory of the Senatorfrom Indiana.
He has also taken out one of the remaining twelve,
thus increasing the burden or the liability to the
burden at the rate of twenty per cent, or there-
abouts upon the remaining men. Now, I ask,
is not that a boon given to wealth? The duty
was incumbent upon the Senatorfrom Massachu-
setts. He was as liable to perform military duty
as anybody else. We have allowed him to use
his money in order to purchase his freedom, and
he has purchased the services of a poor man, a
mechanic, who was compelled equally with him
to perform military dufv.
Mr. FARWELL. If the Senator will allow
me to make a single suggestion, I do not know
how it has been in the section of country where
he lives, but his statement of the case, so far as
it applies to the section of the country from which
I come, has no weight. All the money paid for
substitutes has been assessed upon the wealthy.
1 think everywhere in New England where men
have procured substitutes to supply their places,
it has been done by the votes of the cities and
towns, and it has been assessed upon the wealthy.
Mr. GRIMES. We are making a conscrip-
tion law. There is wealth enough in the Sena-
tor's State, I suppose, to raise a vast fund from
which they are able to purchase men to go into
the Army wUhoutmakingaconscnption. 1 live
in a section of countiy where we have not that
vast wealth; where every man is called upon to
perform his duty to the country; where we vol-
unteer; wheie we enioil and draft; and theiefore
I speak with some knowledge on this subject. 1
speak for the men in my own neighboihood, in
my own town, who under the operation of this
law, if it shall be passed without the Senator's
amendment, will be liable in a much greater de-
gree to be drawn and compelled to leave their
families, because of the ability of men of wealth
who are associated with them to buy the service
of other poor men who are also enrolled. 1 sub-
mit fo the Senator from Indiana, if the same prin-
ciple that justifies his position in favor of the ori-
ginal amendment of the Senatorfrom New Hamp-
shire, so far as it relates to cities, waids, and towns,
does not extend also so as to relate to the indi-
viduals within the jurisdiction of any of those
wards, towns, townships, &c., who may be en-
rolled.
Nov/, in regard to inserting it in this bill, it is
said that this is the lav/, except that the law as it
now stands places the man who procures a sub-
stitute at the bottom of the enrolimentlist, whereas
this puts his name into the wheel and he takes
his chance. That is the only difference between
the two cases. Is not that light? He has pur-
chased his freedom from this draft. Why should
he not be subjected to another draft? Why should
he not stand'his chance with the lemaining men
in that township to perform his duty to the coun-
try? 1 want it inserted in this same connection,
for the reason assigned by the Senator fi om New
liampshne, that ldo not want it to be left to any
construction that may hereafter be put upon it by
any of these provost marshals, or justices of the
peace, or constables, that because this act was
upon the same subject with another act passed a
year before, therefore, by intendment, it contra-
vened and lepealed thu provisions of the old law.
I want to have it so plain that the wayfaring irian^
though a fool, cannot err therein. If there is any
law that ought to be plain and be within the com-
prehension of every man in the whole country it
is this enrollment law. •
Mr. CONN ESS. The amendment now before
the Senate does not meet my approbation or judg-
ment; and yet I am at a loss to present a form
by which it may be changed for the better. It
appears to me in all that I have thought on the
point now underconsideration that the just prop-
osition, and the proposition that would give us
soldiers, would be one of this kind: that every
man furnishing a substitute (and this leaves out
of the question the source from which the sub-
stitute shall come) should be held bound to keep
his substitute in the service in the field until he
was wounded or rendered incapable of service
longer; and that if his substitute should desert or
leave the service, the principal should be imme-
diately sent for and compelled to take his place.
The adoption of a proposition of thatkmd would
put an end to all this brokerage, or the worst class
of it, that we have.
It is certainly the purpose of the-law to get
soldiers. When we provide thata citizen drafted
may furnish a substitute in his stead, we simply
accommodate the law to what may be the dire
needs or necessities of the citizen drafted, and
theiefore we allow him to furnish a substitute in
his stead. That is an accommodation that the
law makes to the citizen. But there should be
no form of law thatshould in anymanner deprive
the nation of the services of the soldier. There-
fore every man who furnishes a substitute should
be held responsible for the presence of that sub-
stitute in the service until he is rendered incapa-
ble of serving longer. Then if it shall be found
that there is a deserter,the inquiry will be," Who
is he?" <( A substitute for Mr. Brown, of such
a place, such a district, such a waid, such a town."
Immediately, through your provost marshals, you
call upon Mr. Brown to enter (he Army, and make
him enter it or furnish another substitute as good
as he is.
If such were the Jaw/every man who was
drafted and authorized to furnish a substitute
would be careful to furnish an honest, able-bodied
man, not a thief, not a felon, not a fellow just im-
ported for the purpose of filling his place, not u
man stolen from an immigiant ship, not a negro
taken from the southern States; but a man that he
believed would remain in his stead until he was
incapacitated from service further in some manner
by the exigencies of war. If you will add to that
a regulation such as is attempted to be provided
by this amendment, by which you shall make
facility to the furnishing of substitutes, you will
fill up the ranks of your Army. But, sir, it is a
fallacy to fill the ranks of your Army nominally,
when you have really got no soldiers, or when
you lose live, (en, fifteen, twenty-five, or fifty
per cent, under the substitute system by enabling
you and I, sir, when we are drafted, to get any
vagabond in the land to take our place, and who
runs away as soon as possible, relieving us.
Mr. WILSON. I assure the Senator from
California that 1 am very glad to have somebody
in the world as haid, as ciuel, and as oppressive
as 1 am. The sixth section of the original bill as
I introduced it had that very piovision in it, in
these words:
And ifnny person who may hereafter enter the military
or naval seiviee n  a substitute shall desert therefrom, or
be (ir-ehfiraf'd by reason of physical Usability, exi&tiiig
puoi to sueh entry into service, his principal shall be held
to si'ivieo for tho remainder of the term tor which such
substitute shall be liable.
I thought that was a very good provision.
Mr. COWAN. Not without being drawn, I
hope. I have no objection to the pnnciple in-
volved in the section, if after the substitute shall
have been dischaiged on account of sickness, or
deserts, the piincipal shall only stand hischance
like other men to be drawn. Is that implied in
the section ?
Mr. WILSON. The Senator, I think, mixes
the two subjects. By the existing law a person
who is drafted may get a substitute anywhere.
If, however, the substitute is liable to he drafted,
the principal is not discharged for the whole time
his substitute goes into the service, but his name
goes on the toll at the foot of the list, and he may
be drafted again. That is the existing law.
But, sir, we have got this practice in the coun-
