1406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcli 3,
gentleman from Nevada, allowing logs and certain
-articles to be transported without any tax, that
was abandoned, and in lieu thereof the amend-
ment is now confined solely to silver ore, it hav-
ing been found that all the ores of Lake Superior,
as well as elsewhere—lead, copper, and iron—
would have been transported to all parts of the
country free if the former proposition had re-
mained in the bill.
In relation to the income tax, the law as it stood
last year was finally agreed upon by the con-
ferees, so far as it regards the sale of real estate.
Sales of real estate which have been purchased
and sold within the year are to be taxed upon
the gains or profits realized upon such real estate.
Otherwise, the provisions touching the income tax
^stand as they passed the House.
v In relation to stamps, the proposition which
was submitted and adopted on motion of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] has
been left undisturbed. The proposition to change
somewhat the stamp duties upon loans was aban-
doned by the House conferees, and the stamp
duties in relation thereto remain as theyliave been
heretofore.
The tax upon cotton, I regret to say, was
stricken out by the Senate. The conferees of the
House, after a prolonged conference, were un-
able to obtain any proposition to lay a tax upon
cotton without a drawback was allowed on the
raw material, or with a drawback upon manu-
factures of cotton for exportation. If a drawback
should be allowed on the raw material, the rev-
enue would derive little benefit from the tax, and
if no drawback were to be allowed on the manu-
factures exported, that trade would be at once
destroyed.
In relation to the tax upon banks, the only
change that was made in the proposition as in-
troduced by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wil-
son] was to extend the time from January to
July, giving six months more of time for the
banks to wind up.
Mr. BROOKS. I would ask the gentleman if
there was any change made in regard to brokers.
Mr. MORRILL. The Senate had a proposi-
tion on that subject which we did not adopt.
Mr. BROOKS. Did the Senate put it in?
Mr. MORRILL. I so understand it; but at
any rate it was stnckenout. There wasanother
proposition in relation to the circulation of State
banks; that when it shall be reduced below five
per cent, it shall be free from taxation. If there
are any other questions which gentlemen desire
to ask me in relation to other parts of the bill, I
will answer them as far as I can.
Mr. GANSON. f desire to ask the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr, Morrill] how the tax upon
gross receipts of vessels stands, as recommended
by the committee of conference.
Mr. MORRILL. Those that are subject to
tonnage duties are exempt from any charge upon
their gross receipts.
Mr. GANSON. What class does that pro-
vision embiace?
Mr. MORRILL. The vast majority of all
that we have.
Mr. GANSON. Does that embrace canal-
boats ?
Mr. MORRILL. I think it does.
Mr. KERNAN. I would ask how the con-
ference report leaves the tax on sales.
Mr. MORRILL. That was an amendment
made by the Senate, having been rejected by the
House, and being abandoned by the Senate
conferees it could not properly be insisted upon
by us.
Mr. A. MYERS. I understood the gentleman
to say that the tax upon crude petroleum is fixed
at one dollar per barrel, with no drawback.
Mr. MORRILL. That is so.
Mr. A. MYERS. I think that was a very
sensible committee. *
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Did the conference com-
mittee agree to the amendment of the Sen.ate in
regaid to taxes upon sales?
Mr. MORRILL. I have already stated that
that was an amendment made by the Senate and
when the proposition was before the House, it
was rejected by the House. Butbemgabandoned
by the majority of the Senate conferees, of course
the committee of conference could not retain it.
Mr. BROOKS. I would ask what was done
with the Senate amendment respecting commis-
sioners to be appointed to examine during the re-
cess into the whole subject of taxation.
Mr. MORRILL. It was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. Will the gentleman be kind
enough to state what was done in regard to sav-
ings banks?
Mr. MORRILL. They are to be taxed one
half of one per cent, per annum upon their de-
posits. ,
Mr. L1TTLEJ0HN. I would ask what has
been done by the conference committee m _
to property crossing the Canadian railroads from
one part of the United States to another part of
the United States.
Mr. MORRILL. The proposition of the ben-
ate was acceded to by the committee on the part
of the House, by which freight or passenger tick-
ets, fares of persons and property starting from
one point in the United States for another point in
the United States, and passing through a foreign
territory, will be required to pay the same rate
of taxation as would be paid it they should pass
altogether through the United States. -
Mr.ANCONA. I would ask if the conference
committee agreed to the amendment of the Senate
in regard to malt liquors.
Mr. MORRILL. There was no amendment
by the Senate in regard to malt liquors; therefore
that subject was untouched. The tax remains at
one dollar per barrel.
Mr. KERNAN. Do I understand correctly the
report of the conference committee to agree to a
tax of one half per cent, per annum upon depos-
its in savings banks where they are not banks
loaning money ?
Mr. MORRILL. I so understand it.
Mr. KERNAN. From what time?
Mr. MORRILL. My recollection is that the
tax takes effect after the 1st of May next.
Mr. KERNAN. On all savings banks?
Mr. MORRILL. I think st>; I may be mis-
taken, and it may be from and after the 1st of
April.
Mr. BROOKS. There are two sections of the
bill as amended which I should like to hear read;
one with reference to the tax on banks, and the
other for the appointment of commissioners to
examine into the system of taxation during the
recess.
The Clerk read, as follows:
j2nd be it further enacted, That the Secretary of tile Treas-
ury is hereby authorized to appoint a commission, consist-
ing of three porsons, to inquire and report at tile earliest
practicable moment upon the subject ol raising by taxation
sucJi revenue as may be necessaiy in order to supply the
wants of the Government, having regaid to and including
the sources from which such revenue should be drawn, and
the best and most efficient mode of raising the same, and
to report the form of a bill; and that such commission have
power to inquire into the efficiency of the present and pa«it
methods of collecting the internal revenue, and to take tes-
timony, in such manner and under such regulations as may
be presciibed by the Secretary of the Treasury; and such
commissioners shall receive lot their services a month
for the time necessarily employed, and their necessary
traveling expenses.
The Clerk also read the following:
That section one hundred and ten be amended by striking
out, after the words " and redemption thereof," the words
"nor to any savings bank having no capital stock, and
whose business is confined to receiving deposits and loan-
ing the same on interest for the benefit ot the depositors
only, and which do no other business of banking."
Mr. MORRILL demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; which was upon agreeing
to the report of the committee of conference.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 88, nays 57, not voting 37;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley, lias!y,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blame, Blow, Bout-
well, Boyd, Brandegee, Broomall. Ambrose \V. Clark, Free-
man Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Creswell, Thomas T. Davis,
Dawes, Deming, Dixon, Driggs, Eekley, Eliot, Frank, Gar-
field, Grnniell, Griswold, Hale, Higb>, Hooper, iiolchkihs,
Asaliei VV. Hubbard, John ff. Hubbard, iJenekus,
Kasson, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg,
King, Loan, Longyear, Marvin, MeBride, McUlurg, Sam-
uel F, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Mortis, Amos
Myer&, Leonard Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Ortii. I'cr-
ham, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, William 11. Randall, Alexander
H. Rice, John H. Rice, Edward H. Rollins, Sehenek, Shan-
non, Sloan, Smith, Smithers, Spalding, Stevens, Tnajer,
Thomas, Tracy, Upson, Van Valkenburglt, Elihu B. Wash-
bume, William B. Washburn, Webster, VVhaley, Wheeler,
Williams, Wilder, Wilson, Windoin, VVorthnigton, and
Yeaman—88.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Augustus C. Baldwin, Bliss,
Brooks, James S. Brown, Chnnler, Coffroth, Cox, Crtvene,
Dawson, Denison, Eden, Edgerton, Eldndge, English,
Fin#, Ganson, Harding, Harrington, Chailes M. Hanis,
■HiffHck, Hoiman, Uulburd, Uutcbuis, Philip Johnson, Wil-
liSm Johnson, Kalbfleisch, Kernan, Knapp, Le Blond, Lit-
tlejohn, Mallory, Marcy, MelCinney, Middleton, William
H.Miller, James K. Morris, Morrison, Nelson, Noble, John
O'Neill, Pendleton, Perry, Pruyn, Radford, Sogers, Ross,
John B. Steele, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Sweat,Townsend,
Ward, Chilton A. White, Winfield, and Woodbridge—57.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J.
Allen, Alley, Anderson, Blair, William G. Brown, Clay,
Henry Winter Davis, Donnelly, Dumont, Farnsworth,
Gooch, Grider, Hall, Benjamin G. Harris, Julian, Knox,
Law, Lazear, Long, McAllister, McDowell, Melndoe,
Odell, Patterson, Samuel J. Randal), Robinson, James S.
Rollins. Seofield, Scott, Starr, William G. Steele, Voor-
hees, Wadsworth, Joseph W. White, Benjamin Wood, and
Fernando Wood—37.
So the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion tore-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Nicolat, his Private Secretary,
announced that he had approved and signed joint
resolution and bills of the following titles:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 174) to amend the
joint resolution entitled " Joint resolution in re-
lation to the public printing,"approved June 23,
I860;
An act (H. R. No. 791) granting a pension to
Sophia Brooke Taylor, widow of the late Major
Francis Taylor;
An act (H. R. No. 774) to establish certain
post roads;
An act (H. R. No. 763) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from the Missouri river
to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Govern-
ment the use of the same for postal, mvHtary,
and other purposes,approved July 1,1862,"and
to amend an act amendatory thereof, approved
July 2, 1864;
An act (H. R. No. 697) further to provide,for
the verification of invoices;
An act (H. R. No. 556) granting a pension to
Ezekiel Darling; and „
An act (H. R. No. 547) for the relief of Jean
M. Lander, widow of F. W. Lander, deceased.
THANKS TO THE SPEAKER.
Mr. COX. I offer the following resolution.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the thanks of this House be, and they are
hereby, tendered to Hon. Schuyler Colfax for the digni-
fied, able, and courteous discharge of the duties of Speaker
during the present Congress.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, (Mr. Dawes being in
the chair as Speaker pro tempore,) in this unex-
ampled and historic time, when our country is ex-
cited by the conflict which has called us to extraor-
dinary legislation, when the passions and throes
of a great nation have found more or less of their
reflection in this Hall, it has been a difficult duty
which has been discharged by the Speaker. To
moderate these passions, restrain the urgency,
clamor, and heat of debate, and to give dignity
and independence to this popular, i may say al-
most tumultuous, assembly, has been devolved
upon the distinguished gentleman from Indiana.
He has, by his courtesy, kindness, and fairness,
won our personal es'teem and the public regard.
I propose, without formality and with earnest-
ness, to tender to him our thanks and good will.
I trust, sir, that in the future the same modera-
tion and benignity may radiate m this House
which has radiated from the Chair during-the
present Congress. We shall part here with un-
usual good feeling. I wish this feeling could per-
vade our whole people. In the language of the
Bible, and m this presence, I would ali-reverently
pray that "all bitterness, and wrath, and anger,
and clamor, and evil-speaking be put away from
you, with till malice," and that we should " b8
kind one to another, tender-hearted, forgiving one
another, even as God for Christ's sake hath for-
given you.''
Mi. DAWSON. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield to me for a moment.
■Mr. COX. With pleasure.
Mr. DAWSON. Mr. Speaker, the labors of
tins Congress are nearly concluded, and wear#
