640
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7.
a certain tithe of his annual gains, according to
the following proportions:
On ail incomes over $1,000, and not over $2,000, five per
cent. ; on all incomes over $2,000 and not over $j,OUO,
tea per cent.; on all incomes over $3,000, twenty per cent.
I provide in the amendment the means of as-
certaining those incomes. I am not tenacious with
regard to the percentage which they are to pay by
my amendment. If Senators would suggest a
different percentage I shall be perfectly willing to
yield to any suggestion which shall seem to be
reasonable. 1 have offered the proposition as the
best undfjr all the circumstances that I could de-
vise. Other Senators may improve it; it is open
to improvement; but I submit that the criticism
of the Senator from Pennsylvania does not touch
it in the least. The proposition still stands be-
fore the Senate in its original character as a meas-
ure which, if adopted, would equalize this bur-
den of the draft. It would, if I may so express
myself, temper this terrible draft to the poor of
the country. It would make them see that the
legislators here, while imposing this draft upon
the country, thought of the poor, and took such
steps as they could to the end that this burden
should not press upon them with undue severity;
so that it might to a certain extent be equalized
upon them and upon the rich. I know full well
that this cannot completely be accomplished; but,
jsir, it is something to make an endeavor in that
direction. I think that the Senate of the United
States owes it to this question; it owes it to the
poor that are liable to be enrolled, that they
should make the endeavor. Let them show to
the country that while they require this draft
they also recognize that there aie inequalities of
condition; that some men are poor and some men
are rich; and that the same sum shall not be ex-
acted from the poor man that you exact from the
rich.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I felt it my
duty when this measure was proposed by the
member from Massachusetts at the last session,
to oppose it then, and notwithstanding I have
listened very patiently to his observations in sup-
port of it, I am obliged to adhere to my original
convictions.
In the first place, it is very undesirable, as I
think, upon every ground, to draw a distinction
between the poor and the rich as a geneial prop-
osition . Class legislation is always mischievous,
and is therefore, as I think, defective in pnnciple.
The honorable member fiom Massachusetts says
he thinks, and no doubt he does think, that his
proposition is so clearly just he can hardly im-
agine the Senate can fail to see it in the same
way, and to adopt it. A great many things may
be justin the abstract, and we might be very anx-
ious to accomplish what in the abstract is just
•\#hen we are notable to do it as legislators. W hat
is proposed is to levy a tax of five per cent, upon
ail incomes between $1,000 and §^,000, ten pei
cent, upon all incomes between $,k3,000 and $5,000,
and twenty per cent, upon all incomes exceeding
$5,000; and the fund that is to be raised by tins
tax is to go into the Treasury of the United States
lo be appropriated by the Secretary of War for
the purpose of procuring soldiers for the Army
of the United States.
Mr. COLLAMER. Itgoes to pay the drafted
men a bounty.
Mr. JOHNSON. Drafted men or others.
Now, Mr. Ptesulent, there aie but two clauses
in the Constitution under which this proposition
can be maintained. The first is the clause which
gives to Congress the power to lay taxes, and the
other the one which gives to Congress the power
to raise armies. There are no others. I suppose
all will admit that under the power to lay taxes
there must be a uniform rule. You cannot tax
one man specifically by a different rule from which
you would tax another. You cannot say that
one man is to pay upon his real and personal es-
tate one rate of taxation, and that another man
is to pay a different rate of taxation. You cannot
say that a man who is worth $500 only is to pay
five per cent, and the man who is worth §90,000
is to pay fifty per cent.
Mr. COLLAMER. The income tax law im-
poses different lates of taxation.
Mr. JOHNSON. They all go upon the same
footing, though; but this proposition wants uni-
formity in this vei y vital particular. It not only
does not include all who may have the incomes
proposed to be taxed as far as the amounts are
concerned, but it does not include a great many,
or may not include a great many, who fall under
the operation of the law itself. If a man having
an income of §5,000 is drafted, and he thinks
proper to go into the service, he would pay noth-
ing. It is not proposed to make him do anything
more in that case than to comply with the draft,
to go into the field. lie might be worth his
$20,000 a year and yet he pays nothing.
Now, Mr. President, can this be done? Can
you levy a different rate of taxation for the pur-
pose of raising a fund to support and raise an
army where one man is to pay upon his estate
only one per cent, and another man is to pay upon
his estate twenty per cent.? Can you do that
specifically? He pays more by your general rule
of taxation, because lie has more with which to
pay. If he has three farms, each farm is valued
and each farm is taxed; but it is taxed by the
same rate of taxation that he is taxed who owns
only one farm. If the one farm is valued at $5,000
and you tax him two per cent., you tax him who
owns three farms, each worth §5,000, two per
cent; but you cannot tax the man who owns one
faim only two per cent., and say that he who
owns three farms shall pay upon each of his three
farms ten per cent.
No such rule of taxation ever has existed any-
where; and the Convention who gave to Congress
the authority to lay taxes never dreamed that
under that power Congi ess could discriminate be-
tween the rich and the poor as far as the rate of
taxation is concerned. The proposition of the
honorable member may pet haps be very accept-
able to a majoiity of the people of the United
States, because it may be that they would not fall
within his rule. Then the result would be that
they would control the legislation of the country,
and controlling the legislation of the country they
could impose taxes so as to bring all to the same
level, destroy the pioperty of the rich man by
making him exclusively to support the Govern-
ment. The Convention never contemplated a re-
sult of that sort. If they did not contemplate that
as a thing to bo done under the taxing power, it
is to me very evident that they could not have in-
tended that it should be accomplished under the
authority to declare war and to raise armies, be-
cause the taxing power is given for the very pur-
pose of enabling them to raise and support ai mies.
When you are in the act of laismg and suppos-
ing your armies and you go to your taxing power
in order to enable you to do cither, you ore bound
by the limitations to which the taxing power it-
self is subjected.
Nor is it true, Mr. President, in a political
sense that there is any injustice in what is now
being dotrc. Each man, the poor as well as the
rich, is bound to serve the country in time of
war. If he happens to be poor, it only incienses
the misfortune under which lie labored befoie
ho was calk d upon, that is, the misfortune of
being poor; but it gives him no claim upon the
rich as far as the Constitution is concerned;
it gives him no right to say to the rich man,
" You shall pay me for goinginto the Army, be-
cause you aie able to pay me,and I cannot afford
to go unless I am paid," As an application to
the benevolence of the rich man, I can under-
stand it; but as a right in Congress to draw the
distinction, and make the rich "man support the
Army entirely, I cannot understand it. Where
are you to stop? In the particular instance you
are about to tax five per cent, on him who has an
income of §1,000; he who has an income of #900
is not taxed at till. How do you know that the !
man who has an income of $1,000 is better off j
than the man who has an income of $$00? What !
are the demands upon him! What family has '
he? What are the incumbrances? What docs !
it cost him to live? He may be just as hatd ,
pushed to support his family out of his §1,000, i
and much haidei put to it, than the man who has ■
but §900, because the latter may have no family ;
to support, and he is richer, thoiefore, in point of 1
fact, than the man who gets his §1,000; and so ■
in iclntion to each of the other classes to which
the amendment applies. ;
I object to it, therefore, on the ground that it is '
wrong in point of principle. I object to it, be- 1
cause, so far as the honorable member's ground j
is concerned, tlyrrich man pays now a great deal !|
more than the pooi* man, because he is rich, and il
only because he is rich. He pays a great deal
more on the estate which he has than a man pays
who has no estate with which to pay. This is
to take from the rich man who has an estate that
you tax in every variety of form, because there
is hardly anything that is not taxed; you make
him pay an income tax of live per cent., or what-
ever may be the amount, and then you tell him
that if he happens to be drafted, you give him the
privilege of getting a substitute, for which he may
have to pay four hundred or five hundred or a
thousand dollars, and after he has done that he
must place in the Treasury a fund out of which
the Government can get just as many soldiers as
they think proper. You had better pass by the
system of substitutes and provide at once that all
drafted men who have an income of §1,000, or
any sum above §1,000, shall in the aggregate taise
money enough to carry on the war.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HARLAN. I suppose that this proposi-
tion is not in the nature of a tax, but is intended to
operate as a penalty on the drafted man to induce
him to enter the service. As has been stated to-
day, evei y man owes military service to the coun-
try when his service may be needed in the defense
of the country. The names of all the able-bodied
men in the country are enrolled and a draft is had
to select the exact number for any particular ex-
igency. It is the man that is wanted, and not
money or material, and the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts proposes to make it inconvenient for
the individual to evade that obligation. He will
render it inconvenient for him to evade the obliga-
tion, to evade the performance of military service,
first by requiring him to furnish a substitute, and
in the second place by requiring him to pay a sum
ot money, which may be in the nature of a fine,
in proportion to his wealth, in proportion to his
substance, so as to ineiease that inconvenience on
his pai t to stay out of the service. In voting,
then, for the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Massachusetts, I do not do it as a tax meas-
uie, but 1 do it for the purpose of inducing the
diai'ted man to perform military seivice, for the
pui pose of making it inconvenient for him to evade
the service; and in that view of the case it seems
to me it is a very proper measure.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 30; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, U.ulan, Lane of Kansas, Mor-
gan, I'uincioy, Sherman, Suuuiei, and Tiumbutl—8.
NAYri—ISiovvn, Buekalew, Cathie, Clark, Ool-
lainei, Conne-s, Cowan, Uavts, Dixon, Doolitlle, Fai well,
Foot, Foster, Ginues, Male, ILmi*3 llendet^on, llouaid,
Johnson, Lane of Indiana. Motiill, Powell, Ramsey, Kid-
dle, Siewat i, Ten E>ck, Van Winkle, VVilley, Wilson,
and Wri l t—ISO.
ANIENT—('handier. Harding, Ilcmhicks,
flick*, Howe, MrlhuiiMH, TNesmith, Nye, Uicluudson,
^auMnny, ^ptague, Wade, and Wilkinson—1*2.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. CONNE3S. In section six I move to
strike out after the word " therefrom," in the
fourth line, the words " or be discharged by rea-
son of physical disability existing prior to such
entry into service;" so that the section will read:
That the remainder of the term of service of any per-
son who shall heteaiter enter the military or naval service
a vohinteei or diafted m m, and shall desett Uieietrotu,
shall bi: added to the amount of soiviee due from the dis-
trict to winch such volunteei or dratted man shall have
been credited, and the same shall be filled up horn &uch
distnct by enlistment ordiaft.
I wish to stiike out the words which [ have
moved to strike out, because i think thcGovein-
mcnt should be responsible for the examination
that it makes in advance upon the question of
physical disability.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask if it is not in
ordei now to move a substitute for the first section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not while the
amendment of the Senator fi om California is pend-
ing. The question now is upon the amendment
proposed by the Senatoi fium California to the
amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, I now offer the fol-
lowing as a substitute for the first section:
That all acts and parts of acts now in foice providing
for suh-ntutions, or i equating the substitution of another
lor a poison (hatted into the military service, be, and tlio
same arc heieby, repealed.
