THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 9, 1865.
Kew Series No. 41.
I desire to state that I do not now suppose
the Senate is prepared to adopt this amendment;
but I feel it my duty to offer it, believingthat the
system of substitution has failed utterly to re-
plenish the ranks of our decimated armies. I
witnessed five weeks ago a scene which I will
state to the Senate. I was invited to make a
speech on the Sabbath day, at Benton barracks,
in Missouri, near St. Louis. While speaking
njy attention was called to two or three hundred
soldiers brought out on that day in the middle of
the camp ground to hear my speech. I noticed
that they were guarded with more care and more
vigilance than if they had been felons. 1 inquired
why that care and vigilance in guarding those
soldiers, and I was told that they were substi-
tutes,"and that it was indispensable to guard them
to prevent their running away.
A Senator. From the speech? [Laughter.]
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. No; from the camp.
They were very desirous to hear the speech, I
will suy to Senators.
The system of substitution, I repeat, has failed,
ft is necessary for us now to have soldiers to give
the death-blow to this rebellion. If the system
has failed, no Senator will deny that the burdens
of this war now rest upon the poor and middle
classes. I for one am desirous that the drafted
man shall serve, and that the burdens shall be
equalized. I will say to Senators that if they
desire to replenish our armies they can do it by
adoptingthe section which I propose as an amend-
ment to this bill. It will encouia^e volunteering,
and we shall not be troubled with a draft.
Mr. COWAN. I am obliged to object to this
amendment for what I think will be deemed by
this body at least sufficient reasons. If it should
be adopted, I am not prepared now to say what
would become of the Finance Committee. The
honorablechairman ofthatcommutee [Mr. Sher-
man] is liable to be drafted. Suppose he is
drafted, is he not to be allowed to put in a sub-
stitute ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Is he not exempt
under the present law?
Mr. COWAN. No. The honorable Senator
from Missouri, also a member of the committee,
[Mr. Henderson,] is liable to draft. Shall he
not be allowed to put in a substitute? I do not
know whether I could escape myself or not, but
perhaps I might.
Mr. HALE. I want to inquire of the Sena-
tor from Kansas if those soldiers that had to be
guarded while he was making his spcech were
any of those whom General Schofield imprisoned
for hurrahing for Jim Lane. [Laughter.]
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I am not prepared
to answer the distinguished Senator from New
Hampshire. That there were soldiers impris-
oned for that offense is undeniable; but I can as-
sure the Senator from New Hampshire that a
soldier in Missouri would now be much more lia-
ble to imprisonment for refusing to halloo for Jim
Lane than heretofore for doing so. Since the
emancipation and freedom of Missouri has been
sccuied there has been a change in the feelings
of the citizens of Missouri.
Mr. President, being desirous to record my
name in favor of the proposition that I have of-
fered in good faith and m sincerity, I ask for the
yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 7, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Duohttle, Grimes, Howe, Lane
of Indiana, Lane ot Kansas, and Ramsey—7.
NAYd—Messrs. Anthony, Huckftlew, Clatlc, Collamer,
Conner, Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Fanvell, Foot, hosier,
II,Ut*, Harlan, Ilariis., Hondcr^on, Ilendiiek^, Johnson,
Moiqan, Motnil, i'onii'to}, Powell, Kiddle, Sherman,
Stowa  t, Sum noi, Ten E>ck, Tumi hull, Van Winkle, Wil-
icy, WiKon, and Wiiglit—3J.
ABSENT-— Carlilr, Chandler, Raiding. Ilick?,
Huw.ud, M<*[)ou<ra]l, Ne.-mith, Nye, Richardson, SauU-
buiv. Sprajrne, Wade, and Wilkinson—13.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I offer the following
amendment as tin additional section:
Ani be it further enadci, That tlie heads of Executive
41
Departments, judges of the courts of the United States,
and members of Confess, (luring their terms of service,
shall be exempt from military duty.
I believe, sir, that it was a subject of some as-
tonishment when it was discovered after the pas-
sage of the original conscription law that mem-
bers of Congress were not exempt; and although
no personal inconvenience has occurred to any
one, I think the law ought to be distinct on this
question. This law contemplates personal ser-
vice, that the p'erson drafted will go. I submit
that a member of Congress, or a judge of the courts
of the United States, or the head of a Department
ought not, in view of the Constitution and the
laws, to render personal service in the Army. It
has been decided, I believe, by the House of Rep-
resentatives, that a man cannot be a member of
that body and at the same time hold a military
office. He cannot serve the country in the Army
as an officer and also in Congress. Certainly
that decision is right; and I submit that the Con-
stitution requires that there shall be Senators here
and that there shall be Representatives in the
other body, and that we cannot pass a law taking
a Senator or a Representative out of either Hall.
The Constitution provides that there shall be two
Senators from each State, and that there shall be
representation in the other body in proportion to
the population, and that Congress shall meet on
the first Monday of December, unless otherwise
provided by law. There is no o.ther provision
by law; the Constitution then regulates the time
of the meeting of Congress; it is our constitu-
tional duty to be here; not onlya pnvilege and a
right, but a duty under the Constitution to he here
at the time provided ill the Constitution. Now,
is it possible that the Executive can demand of
members of Congress service elsewhere? is it
not the right of the district to be represented in
the other House by the man whom the people
may elect? Is it not the right of the State to be
represented in this body by the Senators selected
by the^Legislature? It is not competent, then, I
submit, for Congress to take away either from
the district or the State the representation which
the Constitution gives in Congress.
I have no concern personally about this matter,
and care nothing for it myself; I do for some other
persons. Here is my distinguished friend from
Missouri, [Mr. Henderson.] I should feelasym-
pathv for him if lie should be drafted; but 1 do
not choose to place the question on that ground.
There is another objection, even if constitution-
ally wo could provide thata memberof Congress
should be drafted. I submit that this power ought
not to be given to the Executive. It was the con-
templation of the framersof this Government that
the three departments should be distinct and in-
dependent. Now, is it right to place the legisla-
tive department to any extent under the contiol
of the executive department, or that the execu-
tive department under any circumstances shall
take one single member out of this body or out
of the other House? I submit that it ought not
to be allowed. I think it has been an oversight
up to this time; and clearly it would be a most
mortifying spectacle to see the military officer take
the judge off the bench of the United States courts.
That judge is presumed to render as important
service in the court as he could render in the field.
That presumption applies to each member of this
body. Whether it be true or not, it is unneces-
sary to discuss. The Constitution vests in this
body its powers and devolves upon each member
his duties. The powers are to be exercised here,
and the duties to be dischaiged heie at the time
provided. I think there ought to be no objection
to the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. BROWN. I trust, sir, for one, that the
amendment moved by the Senator from Indiana
will be adopted. I believe with him that it is a
matter of very great doubt whether it is compe-
tent for Congress to place one blanch of this Gov-
ernment under the authoi ity and power of another
branch of this Government. I have no doubt,
however, about the policy of any law which has
that tendency, any law which when carried out
might have that effect. I may cite a case in con-
nection with the State which I have the honor to
representon this floor. The result of thedrafthas;
been yery exhaustive there; there is pending a
very heavy draft now, and it may so happen that
in the draft which transpires a few days hence
both the Senators from that State and every Rep-
resentative on the floor of the other House of
Congress may be taken and drafted into the
armies of the United States. No_w, I say that that
is a condition to which 110 State should be sub-
jected; and I say it is a condition to which the
members of the legislative branch of the Gov-
ernment themselves should not be subjected, and
I state frankly that it is a position to which I do
not desire to be subjected myself. 1 have no hesi-
tancy about this. I do not suppose that any one
will iiccuse me of shirking the proper duties that
devolve on me. I have already served out one
term of enlistment in this war, having enlisted
as a private soldier; and I therefore cannot im-
agine that any one will attribute motives of that
kind to me; but I do feel that it is wrong; I feel
that it is liable to effect still greater wrong, and
I trust that we shall begin and make exceptions,
as we shall have to begin hereafter to make them.
Another thing, Mr. President. 4 believe thatif
we are going to correct our military system, if
we are going to put it on a true and a better basis
than we now have it, we shall have to begin by
making those necessary exceptions that are right
for the civil scrvice and for that portion of the busi-
ness that cannot be conducted otherwise. When-
ever you undertake to oppose the substitute
system, whenever you undertake to oppose the
bounty system, whenever you undertake to op-
pose this whole system by which money is putin
the place of men, you are met with this simple
assertion: " How are you going to do so and so?"
Whenever you undertake to do that, you are met
with the objection that you cannot carry 011 this,
that, or the'other branch of theGovernment; that
you cannot carry on this, that, or the other neces-
sary avocation of life. Now, sir, [ say that if we
are going to put our military establishment on
the proper footing, making the proper exceptions,
making the proper divisions, and giving to the
country for its military service that which is re-
quisite, giving to the civil departments thatwhich
is requisite, then we might as well begin now as
at any other day to make those exceptions, and
begin ill the light place. I, for one, shall sup-
port the amendment which has been moved by
the Senator fiorn Indiana.
Mr. HENDERSON. I care nothing about the
proposition pending before the Senate, but the re-
mark of my friend, the Senator from Indiana, in
regard to myself, makes it necessary that I should
suy a word. He seems to entertain some fear
that I may be drafted into the service, and he, I
believe, is the only Senator that seems to express
any regret about it. He would be very sorry, I
have no doubt. I am like my colleague from
Missouri; I think it altogether likely that both of
us may be drafted into the service in our State,
especially if the quota-now assigned to Missouri
shall be drafted. But, sir, if it becomes neces-
sary to go into the service, 1 suppose we both can
go; and unless this question is settled in thecoursc
of a very short time, I shall be disposed to go,
and not to furnish a substitute. I have been at-
tempting here for the last three or four weeks to
get a bill, of great interest to my State, before
this body for consideration, but theie are now
some six ot eight bills ahead of it, and I have
been unable since I have been here this session to
do anything for my constituents. I feel that I
am doing nothing here for their good, and I do
not know but that I may do some good in the
scrvice, and I do not know but that it would be
well to draft me. Hence I slml! vote against this
amendment, so that there may be some possibil-
ity of my being drafted into the service. I am
sure I can do some good in the military service,
and I cannot see that 1 do any good here. 1 feel
that it will be impossible for me to do any good
here unless we very soon get rid of this proposi-
