1865.
THE; OOTO ISSI«AiI/ GLOBE.'
about to leave these Halls. ' Before separating
return to our homes I agree with my friend from
Ohio that it is eminently proper to render to the
Speaker some acknowledgment for his habitual
kindness and courtesy as the Presiding Officer of
this House. At no time so critical in the history
of the country have the Representatives of the peo-
ple been assembled to legislate on our national
concerns. Coming together in the midst of a
civil war, sanguinary and exasperated beyond
parallel, it was hardly to be expected that the Pre-
siding Officer of this House, however well poised
his mental and moral constitution, could be en-
tirely free from personat bias in his official action.
1 believe, sir, I but express a general sentiment
when I say that the House and the Speaker have
well maintained the proprieties of the place. This
has not been a bitter Congress. The intercourse
of members upon this floor has been kindly and
genial; and the Speaker in his official action to-
ward political friends and foes, has uniformly ob-
served the same high urbanity, frankness, and
liberality. When the Representatives of the peo-
ple. can meet and discuss their differences in a
spiritof self-abnegation,and with moderationand
candor, it assuredly affords much matter of mu-
tual congratulation. In a body such as this, rep-
■ resentatives of many shades of clashing opinions,
unanimity would in vain be looked for; and on
some points we have honestly and widely differed
touching the preservation of our common coun-
try and its free institutions. It is much, how-
ever, if in our differences we can lay aside our
asperities and sacrifice all personal feelings in the
• erort to maintain individual and party sentiments.
I trust, sir, that in returning to our constitu-
encies, once more to commingle with and form a
part of the people, we will carry with us the same
kindly feelings, and lose no occasion by example
and precept to inculcate that charity and forbear-
ance, that moderationand candor, which we have
seen exhibited here with such favorable results.
Would, sir, that we could also indulge the hope
that ere another Congress shall assemble within
these Halls the noise of the battle shall have
ceased, and the messenger of peace revisited our
stricken country,to exert again its benign influ-
ences, under which infancy and age may rest
under the shelter of home, and vigorous manhood
may resume those pursuits which ennoble hu-
manity and scatter blessings over the land.
I believe I can say that the Speaker will bear
into his retirement the friendly regards of his as-
sociates,and their hearty wishes for hts personal
welfare and happiness.
Mr. COX. I. call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was adopted.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
Mr. HOOPER. I ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table the bill of the House
(No. 703) to amend an actentitled" An act to pro-
vide a national currency secured by a pledge of
United States bonds, and to provide for the circu-
lation and redemption thereof," which has just
been returned from the Senate with an amend-
• ment.
No objection being made, the bill toas taken up.
The amendment of the Senate, which was read,
was to strike out section two of the bill, as fol-
lows:
Jlnd te it further enacted. That section one of said act be
so amended as to authorize, under tile direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, the employment of one chief of the
division of currency, one chiet ofthe division on organiza-
tion oI banfcs, one chief of ihe division of general corre-
spondence and statistics,and one chief of tne division of
redemption, with nn annual salary of $2,200 each; and that
the annual salary of the Deputy Compu oiler shall be $3,000.
Mr. HOOPER. I move that the House con-
cur in the amendment, and on that I demand the
pjevious question.
'The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put; and under the
operation thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER moved to reconsider the vote by
which the amendment was agreed to; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NIAGARA SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table the joint resolution
of the Senate (No. 118) authorizing siwveys to
be made With a view to the construction of a ship-
canal around the falls of Niagara.
Mr. GANSON. I object.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to suspend the rules
to enable ml to make that motion.
Mr. KERNAN. As this route has already
been surveyed by an engineer at the expense of
the Federal Government, and a report made, why
should we appropriate $10,000 more to make
another survey?
Mr. SPALDING. I call for tellers on my
motion.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Littlejohn
and Ganson were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 69, noes 46.
So the rules were not suspended, two thirds not
voting in favor thereof.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. STEVENS. The other day, during the
discussion on the miscellaneous appropriation
bill, 1 made some remarks in regard to the man-
ner of letting out the contract on the Washington
aqueduct, and mentioned the name of the engineer
under whom it was done. I have received a let-
ter from the Secretary of the Interior, who de-
sires me to say—which I do cheerfully—that he
assumes the responsibility both of the payments
made out of the appropriation of last session and
also of the letting out of the contract. I am very
glad to be able to put it upon the right shoulders.
I desire to say further that when we were dis-
cussing the matter in reference to importing im-
ages and other statuary I mentioned the name of
a firm in New York as an importer of those arti-
cles. I have been reminded that that fact took
place some thirty years ago, and not by an^ firm
now in existence in New York.
PRINTINO THE TAX BILL.
Mr. MORRILL introduced the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That under the direction of the Secretary of
the Treasury twenty thousand copies of the act amending
the internal revenue laws be printed as amended, with all
the amendments incorporated into the text so far as the
same may be practicable, and with the new sections thereto
annexed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, nf Illinois. I move to
amend the resolution by adding the words " and
an index."
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was referred, un-
der the rule, to the Committee on Printing.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. WILSON, from the committee of confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses,
on the amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 683)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending 30th June, 1866, re-
ported that the committee, having met, after full
and free conference had agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses
that the Senate recede from their fourth amend-
ment; that the House of Representatives recede
from their disagreement to the second and third
amendments of the Senate; that the Senate recede
from their disagreement to the amendment of the
House to the sixth amendment of the Senate and
agree to the same; and that as to the first amend-
ment of the Senate, striking out the proviso at
the end of the bill, the committee were unable to
agree.
The report was signed by Messrs. Wilson,
HoLMAN,and Davis of New York, managers on
the part of the House; and by Messrs. Trum-
bull, Farwell, and Powell, managers on the
part of the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. This report is precisely the
same as that submitted by the former committee
of conference, except as to the first amendmentof
the Senate, which was to strike out the proviso
adopted by the House prohibiting the payment
of any money appropriated by this bill to rail-
road companies who had received grants of land,
for the transportation of troops and property be-
longing to the United States. Upon that prop-
osition, as the report states, the conferees of
the two Houses were unable to agree. But they
have agreed as to all the otherdifferences between
the two Houses. Therefore, inasmuch as the
House has acted upon the question involved in
this report, and have confirmed the report of the
committee by a very largs majority, I will call
the previous question :uporr the adoption of the
report. After the report has been disposed of,' t
desire to make a motion in relation to, the dis-
agreement remaining between the two'H6us0&. '
The previous question was seconded, arti the
main question was ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the report of the conference commit-
tee was adopted. t-
Mr. WILSON moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report of the committee of conference
was adopted; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table; which latter mo- .
tion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I now desire to submit a mo-
tion in relation to the remaining disagreement
between the two Houses upon this bill. I move
that the House recede from its disagreement to
the Senate amendment, and agree to the' same
with an amendment, as follows:
Provided, That no money appropriated by tills act shall
be used for the purpose of paying the Illinois Central Rail-
road Company for the transportation of property or troops
of the United States.
I desire to say in relation to this motion that the
conferees—at least a majority of the conferees on
the part ofthe House—felt themselves instructed
by what they understood.to be not only the uni-
form but ,the very emphatic action of the House
in regard to it. We therefore concluded that it
was best to submit this question to the House,
first having disposed of all the other disagreeing
votes, in order that the bill might not be incum-
bered by any more thanthisone provision,upon
which there was disagreement.
And now, unless some gentleman desires to say
something upon the subject, I propose to ask the
previous question on my motion.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Will the gentle-
man yield to me ?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly; I will yield to my
colleague upon the conference committee.
Mr. DAYIS, of New York. I have no per-
sonal interest, Mr. Speaker, in the question which
has arisen upon the report of the committee of
conference on which I had the honor to act.
But I have an interest in demanding the exer-
cise of justice by my Government as well toward
corporations as individuals,and 1 stand here now
to demand justice for the corporation which has
been assailed and traduced upon this flodr. ' "
The honorable gentleman of the-committee of
conference who preceded me [Mr. Wilson] stated
that there had been a very emphatic expression
of the House against the proposition to allow to
the Illinois Central Railroad Company a^iy com-
pensation for the transportation over their road
of any troops or munitions of war for the Govern-
ment; but let me say to him that no full and fair ex-
pression of the intelligent judgment of the House
was permitted by the honorable gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,] who, after a bitter
and vindictive attack upon the corporation-, moved
the previous question, so as to shut out debate
and prevent a judgment upon the facts of the
case.
1 wish, Mr. Speaker, to discuss this question
upon its merits. I wish to look a little at the
<other side of it, and not to be misled by appeals
to our passions, based'upon resentment or preju-
dice. 1 do not believe that the action proposed
by the House in their former vote would be right,
equitable, or honest; or that it would be supported
by the judgment of any fair-minded or just man
in the country when the real facts iind merits of
the question shall be understood.
It has been asserted by the honorable gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,] 1 need not
say upon the ground of personal prejudice or feel-
ings, tlTat the Illinois Central Railroad Company
is a corrupLand pampered corporation. lie says
that it received from this Government a valuable
gratuity, and that it is bound to perform, under
the conditions of the grant which it accepted, that
very service for which it now asks compensation
at the hands of Congress.
Now t admit that the gratuity of this Govern-
ment to the State of Illinois in behalf of the Illi-
nois Central railroad was a munificent one. But
let me tell the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
burne] that this Government lias mode millions,
ay, untold millions, by the construction of that
road. We gave lands which could nSt be sold
for twenty-five cents an acre to aid in *he cor-
