642
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
February 7,
iion, in which there is nothing. There is not a
thing in the bill now before this body. We have
been discussing it here for two days, and I see
nothing in it. I saw nothing in it when it was
called up. I am willing to vote for it; I am will-
ing to vote against it—anyway in the world to
get rid of it. If the Senator who so ably fills the
post of chairman of the Military Committee in-
sists upon it, I shall vote for it; but I eye noth-
ing about it, I do hope we may take a vote on
this question, and let us get along with the busi-
ness before the Senate.
Mr. BUCKALEW called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 9, nays 27; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Bnckalew, Davis, Hendricks,
Pomeroy, Powell, Riddle, Trumbull, and Wright—9.
NAYS— Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Conncss,
Cowan, Dixon,Farwell, Pont,Foster, Grimes, Harlan, Har-
ris, Henderson, Howard, Johnson, Lane of' Indiana, Lane
of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Ramsey, Sherman, Stewart,
fiumiii'r, Ten Gvck, Van Winkle, Willey,and Wilson—97.
ABSENT—Mossh. Carlile, Cnllumer, DoohttJc, Hale,
Harding, IJieks, Ilowe, McDougall, Nesinith, Nye, Rich-
ardson, Saul&bury, Spiague, Wade, and Willun*on—15.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
Mr. MORRILL. I propose to amend the sev-
enth section by inserting after the word " ser-
vice, " in the thirteenth line, the words 44 and all
persons who being duly enrolled shall depart the
jurisdiction and go beyond the limits of the Uni-
ted States with intent to avoid any draft into the
military or naval service duly ordered." It will
be seen that the section now provides for disqual-
ifying persons from holding any office of trustor
profit who desert the military service. I do not
see why the same principle should not extend
to those who leave the country to avoid the
draft,
Mr. CONFESS. I would remind the Senator
that the act of desertion after a sailor or soldier
is in the service is an act duly ascertained and
proven, while the intent with which a man leaves
his home and changes his residence cannot be so
easily established. Why not require the person
to go to the enrolling office and give notice there
after his enrollment, and disfranchise him as pro-
posed if he shall not do that? If you leave it to
the proving of the intent 1 apprehend you will not
disfranchise anybody by that means,
Mr. MORRILL, Of course it depends on the
intent with which the party leaves. I think it
would he a little severe, peihaps, to provide that
a man shall be disfranchised on changing his resi-
dence unless he should report himself to the en-
rolling office.
Mr. CONNESS. He knows whether he is
enrolled or not. Otherwise I submit that the prop-
osition will not effect anything.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I suggest an amendment m
the same section, with the view of raising a ques-
tion about which I have some doubt. I move to
strike out all after the word 4 i service," in the thud
line, down to and including the word u and," in
the eleventh line. The words which I move to
strike out are:
Ail persons who have deported the military or naval ser-
vice oi the United States, who shall notieturn to said ser-
vice or report themselve.s to a provost marshal within si\ty
days after the passageofthisact,shall he drained and taken
to have voluntarily relinquished and forfeited their rights of
citizenship and their lights to become citizens; and *urh
de.MJiter-t .shall be forever incapable of holding any office of
truht or prolit under the United States, or ot exercising any
of the lights ot citizens thereof, and.
I am not clear that there isanything in the point
I desire to raise, but- it will be seen that the sec-
tion provides for a penalty to two classes of per-
sons; m other words, it applies to those who have
deserted and to those who shall hereafter desert.
The question 1 suggest is whether it is competent
for us to impose this disability on persons who
have heretofore deserted, whether it is not an ex
pott facto law, whether it is not fixing a penalty
for an act already done.
Mr. GRIMES. It is removing the penalty.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member from
Maine is mistaken, as I think, because the pen-
alties are not imposed upon those who have dc-
seited, if nothing etae occurs, but only on those
who have deserted and who shall not return wnh-
sixty days. The crime for which the punish-
ment is inflicted is made up of the fact of an ante-
cedent desertion, and a failure to icturn within
sixty days. It is clearly within the power of
Congress.
Mr. MORRILL. Then the Senator would
make it depend on the fact of not returning.
But the gist of the offense of course is the deser-
tion.
Mr. JOHNSON. Deserting and not returning
is the offense punished here. Besides, if this
amendment is adopted, or anything like it, it will
be necessary to alter the section in another par-
ticular, because the words proposed to be stricken
out are the words in which alone the penalties
are imposed, so that there would be no meaning
to be attached to this section; for it would sim-
ply provide that all persons who shall hereafter
desert the military or naval service 44 shall be
liable to the penalties of this section;" and the
penalties are in the words proposed to be stricken
out.
Mr. MORRILL. As I said in moving the
amendment, I had great doubt whether I was
right. I have accomplished all the object I had,
which was to call the attention of the Senate to
the subject, and I now withdraw the amendment,
Mr. COWAN. I wish to move an amendment
to the last line of the third section m order to make
it conform to the amendment already adopted on
my motion. I move to strike out the woids
44 martial or military commission" after the word
" court,"and to insert the word 44 aforesaid," and
also to strike out the word 44 at," in the eleventh
line, and insert the word 44 in," and also to strike
out the word "such" in that line, and insert
" the," so that it will read, 44 in the discretion of
the court aforesaid."
The amendments to the amendment were agreed
to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the chairman of the
Military Committee if it is vei y clear what is the
meaning of that part of the third section which
begins on the sixth line. The immediately antece-
dent part of the section provides for the punish-
ment of him who shall furnish as substitute a
drunken man, or an insane man, or a deserter;
and then it goes on to say in the sixth line, 44 or
who shall defraud or deprive any volunteer or
substitute of any portion of the State, local, or
United States bounty."
I do not suppose it is the puipose of the sec-
tion to pi event the business of-procuring substi-
tutes. As I understand it, persons who arf will-
ing to become substitutes for the bounty enter
into an agreement with some agent, or broker,
whatever he may be, and agree with him that they
will pay a certain propottion of the bounty, say
fifty dollars. That agreement may be in writing.
The service is rendered; the substitute gets his
bounty money, and the fifty dollars goes into
the hands of the broker, and then the substitute
says, "I want that fifty dollars hack."
Mr. CLARK. Put in the word '4 wrongfully."
Air. JOHNSON. I was goin£ to say, 44 ille-
gally deptive." I think it better to insert that
word. I move to insert the word 44 illegally"
after the word 44 or," in the sixth line of the third
section.
The amendment to the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer an amendment in the form
of an additional section, to come in immediately
before the last section:
Jlml be it further enact cdt That before there shall be
another draft in any State or Teititoiy or in the District of
Columbia, the Sueietaiy of Wat shall cause to In- made a
ooireet enrollment uf the present military population of
eueh State, Territoiy, or District of Columbia, bj counties,
towns, wards and other local divisions bv winch said
diattmay be condut ted, deductim* therefrom nil persons
who may be exempt tiom di>abihiy or other cause ; and
each State and Yeiritoiy and the l)i>tnet oi Columbia, by
subdivision*, as afo.e-aid, Mi d) Ik- t reditod with .my ex-
ce*s in its favor above its quota ot ihe pieeedlnar (halt, ami
wiih all poisons, white oi black, who may have been ies-
kient and Mtbject to (halt therein, win) have entered or may
cntei the militaty or naval fc.-ivico of tin; United State's*
subsequent to the last preceding diaft and beiure the next
draft.
There are three points in this proposition. The
first is that another enrollment shall be made;
that before another draft shall take place there
shall be a correct enrollment of all the military
population of each State and Ten ltory and of the
District of Columbia. The second is that before
a diaft shall take place it shall be ascertained who
ate entitled to exemption from that draft; that
those exemptions shall be made before the draft
takes place. Heretofore, in our State at least,
the exemptions from draft for military service
were not ascertained until after the draft took
place, and it produced a great deal of confusion,
and I think is a very vicious principle. The draft
ought to be from the population who are subject
to military duty, and ought to be from that pop-
ulation exclusively, and therefore that population
ought to be separated from all the people who are
not subject to military duty before the draft takes
place. The third point is, that where there was
an excess in the smallest local division by which
drafts took place at the last draft, that excess
shall be credited to that locality in the ensuing
draft. Now, I will read a short letter from the
provost marshal of my county, that will show
the necessity of this proposition so far as relates
to that county, at least:
"Sir: In reply to yours asking the number of negroes
who have joined the Army fiom this county, I submit the
following remaiks:
*' I iiav'e the names of seven bandied and two wlmhavcj
left the county since enlistments comineneed. At least a
bundled more have lett snneo, and nie to be added to this
lust. Captain E. ii. Moore, the provost nmr-haf or tire dis-
trict, inlorms mo that this county bus a credit only ot t\v<>
hundred and live in ins books for negro enlistments.*5
The county of Bourbon has sent into the Army
upward of eight hundred negroes. The entire
negro military population of the county have been
swept from their owners, and yet the county ha 
been credited with only two hundred and five ne-
gro recruits when it is entitled to about eight hun-
dred. The military population of that county,
white and black, amounted before the last draft
to about twenty-two hundred men. Since that
draft took place nearly one half of the aggregate
military population of the county have been taken
into the Army. As a matter of justice and of law
the county ou<£ht to be credited with all the negro
soldiers that have been enlisted into the Aimy.
It has not received that credit. If it was to re-
ceive that credit it would be exempt for the next
draft, and for a draft after the next; because there
is no locality I presume in the United States, un-
less it be in some of the large slaveholding coun-
ties of Kentucky, where half the military popu-
lation, including whites and blacks, has been
mustered into the service.
This is not a single isolated case applying to
the county of Bourbon alone; but there is some-
thing like the same disproportion of negro mili-
tary population that has gone into the Army from
all the counties in that State, and there has been
the same omission to a greater or less extent to
give to those counties the proper credits for the
negro enlistments.
I do not propose to enlarge upon this proposi-
tion, but to state merely these facts, in order that
the Senate may apprehend and appreciate the jus-
tice and the necessity of the proposition that V
make. Is it right that a1 draft should take place
m that county when about half of its aggregate
military population at the last draft has already
joined the Army? Certainly not. How is thin
to be avoided15 Only by giving the county the
proper credits for the military enlistments m that
county, both black and white. That has notbeen
done.
The remedy that I propose is embodied in this
amendment, that a new enrollment of the entiro
military population of that county, and of every
local district in the United States which is sub-
ject to the draft, shall be made, and that that
locality shall receive a proper and a full credit
for all the enlistments that may be made in it*
whether they be nejjro or white enlistments.
I hope this amendment will be adopted—no, I
will not say that I hope it; indeed 1 indulge in
no such hope; hut I say that it is a matter of the
plainest and the mobt imperative justice that that,
county and every county which has given a re-
dundance of military enlistments to the Army,
whetherthose enlistments be white or black, shall
receive their full and proper credits. I ask for
nothing more. I call for the yeas and nays on
my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, lesulted—yeas 11, nays 23; as follows:
YEAS—Mossjs. Huekalew, Davn, Hendiicks, Ilowuid,
Lane of Indiana. I,ane of Kansas, I'ometO} , Powell, It.ijii-
s>oy, Itiddh; and Wright—11.
iCAYS —Anthony, TSiown. Claik, Counts,
Cowan, Dixon, Doolinle, Fa-well, Foot, I'o^tei, Gione*,
Harlan, Uendcison, Johnson, Morgan, Morrill. Nye, Shei-
niau, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Wil-
son—
