644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
the reason that the Committee of Elections, of
which 1 am a member, have reports to make that
have been kept back for want of some disposition
being made of this bill. They are reports of im-
portance which ought to be disposed of if this
bill becomes a law. I am aware of the rule 
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the rule
on the subject.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"A motion to postpone, under the practice, admits of
tut very limited debate."
.Mr. DAWES. I am aware of the rule, and
therefore I appeal to the House to permit me to
submit some views upon the merits of the bill. If
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washbcrne]
will withdraw his motion to postpone, I will agree
to renew it.
Mr.WASHBURNE.oflllinois. I withdraw it.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
• Massachusetts has the floor upon the bill.
Mr. DAWES. I will now yield to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] if he will
permit me to resume the floor whenever legisla-
tion -is resumed in the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to claim the floor whenever the bill comes up.
Mr. DAWES. Then I do not desire to impede
legislation on the appropriation bills.
TUB ASSAULT UPON IION. W. D. KELLEY.
Mr. BEAMAN. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. I am instructed by the select committee
appointed to investigate the assault upon Wil-
liam D. Kellet, a Representative in this House,
and an alleged breach uf privilege, to make a re-
port, together with the testimony taken in the
investigation. I ask that the same be printed.
i am also instructed by the committee to report
two resolutions; and I propose to call them up as
soon as members shall have had an opportunity
of examining the report. I ask that the resolu-
tions be read.
The Clerk read the resolutions, as follows:
Resolved, Tlmttho Sprakerdo I> uohis warrant,directed
to tile Sergeiuit-at-Arms unending tin; lltmso, cnmiunmltii"
llim to take Into custody, wherever to lie loiiml, the body
Of A. I'. Field, convicted ol a breach ot tliopuvilegool lliu
House m the attempt by language of intimidation and bul-
lying to deter William 1). Keixey, a ltepresentative in
this House from the fourth district ol the .State of lVnusyl-
v.iitl.1, Iroiu the free .Hid 1'eailet.s exerci'-e of his rights and
duties as a member of Congress and voting and decaHii"
upon a pending ."object of legislation, and in following up
said attempt at intimidation and bullying by an assault
upon the pcr>on of said Representative lvfc:r.i.cy, and foi tli-
wuh bring him to the bar of the House ; and that I hereupon
the saul A. P. Field be lepiunamled by the speaker.
llcsolvetf, That so much of the insolation of this House
of the 5th day of December last, granting Hie privilege ol'
the House to the claimants for seats from the State of
Louisiana, as applies to the said A. I'. Field, be rescinded.
The report was laid on the table, and ordered
to be printed, together with the testimony.
PAY OP ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. WILSON. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevkns] to yield to me fur
" moment, that I may make a report from the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield for a moment.
Mr. WILSON. I report back from the Com-
mittee on the Judiciaiy Senate amendments to
bill H. R.No. 583, entitled "An act to amend the
twenty-first section of an act entitled 'An act to
define the pay ami emoluments of certain officers
of the Army, and for other purposes,' " approved
July 17, 1862. The committee recommend that
the House lion-concur in the amendments of the
Senate mid appoint a committee of,conference.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary recommend that the House non-concur
and appoint a committee of conference. If there
be no objection, it will be so ordered.
There was no objection.
Messrs. Wilson, Wadswortii, and Eckley
were appointed as the committee on the part of
the House.
FORTIFICATION APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SI EVENS. I now renew'my motion that
the roles be suspended, and that the House resol ve
itself into tiie Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, and proceed to the consider-
ation of the special order, the fortification appro-
priation bill.
The motion was agreed to. '
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee of
,the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr. Rol-
lins, of New Hampshire, in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the special order,
bill (H. R. No. 688) making appropriations for
the construction, preservation, and repairs of cer-
tain fortifications and other works of defense for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1866.
The bill having been read, was read again by
clauses for amendment.
The Clerk having read as far as line thirty-nine,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Of course,
Mr. Chairman, I have not a specific knowledge
with regard to the appropriations proposed in this
bill. But I see that their amount is enormous.
I would ask the chairman of the Committee of
Ways-and Means what is the total amount pro-
posed to be appropriated by this bill.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 cannot state the total amount.
Mr. P>ROOKS. 1 have estimated it roughly at
about five million.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thegentle-
man from New York [Mr. Brooks] estimates it,
by running it over casually, at $5,000,000.
Now, sir, I do not know but that these appro-
priations may be necessary to be made at this
time; but I do know, that if it be not absolutely
necessary for the public defense that this stu-
pendous appropriation of five or six million dol-
lars should be made now, it ought not to be made
until prices become somewhat lower than they
are now. Were our financial affairs again upon
a specie basis, one half of this amount, perhaps
less than one half, would accomplish as much as
the whole anfount will do now. I should like to
ask the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means whether he does not believe that these ap-
propriations can be cut down with safety to the
public interest.
Mr. STEVENS. The Committee of Ways and
Means, in looking at these large appropi rations,
felt disposed to cut them all down, and we had
resolved to do so, unless upon a full examination
we should be convinced to the contrary. We
sent for the chief of the Engineer Department,
General Dehifield, who seemed to us to be the
most intelligent man whom we had before lis
from any Department; and after a full examina-
tion, consuming the whole of one morning, he
convinced the committee that all these appropria-
tions were necessary, in view of the new species
of guns that have been adopted. He stated that
changes in all the forts had been made necessary,
in Older to adapt them to the new ordnance
mounted upon them, and that, if our defenses
were to be of any use, these appropriations were
in accordance with the lowest estimates that could
possibly be made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would in-
quire of my friend from Pennsylvania whether the
Committee of Ways and Means inquired into the
niciits of this new system of ordnance by which
these large appropriations are rendered necessary.
Did the committee inqune whether this change,
involving so vast an expenditure was proper to
be made at this time?
Mr. STEVENS. The committee had no other
information than that derived from the officers
having charge of this Department. General Dela-
field assured the committee that, in the new state
of affairs with regard to warfare, naval as well as
land, the old guns were of no use, and that new
guns must be placcd in all the fortifications, and
now arrangements made.
Mr. BROOKS. I merely wish to say that in-
telligent, scientific, and highly cultivated gentle-
men, occupying positions attlie heads of Depart-
ments, feel naturally much esprit dn carp*, and are
desirous that the fortifications of this country shall
be put in a condition fully as strong as any in the
Old World, which cannot be done without very
greatexpense. I think, therefore, that the recom-
mendations of these officers should always be
looked upon with somewhat of distrust.
What I wanted to ask the gentleman, however,
was whether the committee had token into con-
sideration the change of fortifications from stone
to dirt. From demonstrations which have re-
cently been made in the course of the war, earthen
fortifications are now regarded as far superior to
stone fortifications. I desire to ask whether the
committee have taken this fact into consideration.
Mr. STEVENS. That matter was fully in-
quired into ; and one of the reasons, as given by
General Delafield, for these largeappropnations,
was the fact that changes in the structure of for-
tifications, by the addition of dirt, had been ren-
dered necessary, as weii as changes in the kind
of guns, and in the mode of mounting- them, the
old guns being now entirely useless.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to ask one further
question; and that is, whether the Committee of
Ways and Means have consulted navat officers
with respect to the question how far monitors or
armed iron batteries may in some instances dis-
pense with the necessity for these fortifications—
whether armed iron batteries,like the Ironsides,
stationed in our harbors, are not likely to do
awayina good degree with thenecessity forthese
fortifications.
Mr. STEVENS. In considering this bill we
not only consulted General Delafield, but we had
before us some naval officers. They are not, I
believe, very sanguine at presentin favorof these
iron-clad monitors as a sure defense against the
vessels of Europe. I do not understand thatany
of them, except Admiral Porter, who is a gallant
officer, are very sanguine. "We believe, from all
we can hear, that if we are to make defense against
foreign nations these fortifications are neccssary.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Mr. Chair-
man, 1 understand the chairman of Ways and
Means to say that new guns are to be substituted
?h the fortifications for the old, and I desire to
ask him what kind of new guns are to be used.
Whether the old fashioned cast-irongun isexclu-
sively to be patronized, or whether a door will bo
open for the introduction ofthe improved wrought-
iron gun.
A wrought-iron gun has of late been constructed
by a Mr. Ames that will cast a missile seven
miles,and which may be discharged ever so many
times without bursting, and I hope it will be the
policy of the Government to introduce into the
service a reasonable number of guns of that kind
of construction.
Mr. STEVENS. From the best information
I understand that a contract has been made for
fifteen wrought-iron guns, which have been fully
tested, at least one of thorn has been, and is sup-
posed to answer the purpose. Fourteen of these
guns are waiting inspection, and have been wait-
ing inspection for three or four months. The
Department is occupied with other things to such
an extent, and is so short of help, that it cannot
send an officer to inspect them. So they remain
uninspected and unpaid for, although finished
according to contract.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. These wrought
iron guns, as 1 am well informed, throw seven and
a half miles, and can be fired twenty thousand
times without bursting; and I think that the pol-
icy of the Government requires that this kind of
guns should be put into service instead of cast-
iron guns, which have pioved to be more danger-
ous at the breech than at the muzzle. [Laughter.]
Mr.STEVENS. 1 agree with my fiieiid from
Connecticut m some respects. 1 believe that these
guns have been fully tested,and that one of them
has thrown a ball seven and a half miles. At least
such is the report. Fifteen were contracted for
and the remaining fourteen have been finished for
some time, but have not been inspected.
Now we cannot in a general appropriation bill
undertake to regulate the action of the Depart-
ment; we must leave that to them. 1 hope that
they will find an engineer in the course of the com-
ing summer, or fall, or next winter, who will find
time enough to inspect these guns so that we can
use them before the war is over. Whether it will
or not, I do not know.
Mr. WILSON. 1 want to know whether the
contract for these guns was made in advance of
any appropriation by Congress, or whether it was
authorized by any action of Congress.
Mr. STEVENS. There was a general appro-
priation for ordnance—for no particular gun; but
under that a contract was made for fifteen of these
guns. One of them, as I have already said, has
been received, tested, and paid for.
Mr. W1LSON. I would like to know whether
any money to be expended for these fifteen
wrought-iron guns is to come out of the appro-
priation under this bill.
Mr. STEVENS, i do not suppose that it will.
This does not propose to go for paying for these
