1865.
^HE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MS
guns, but for the changes made nccessary in for-
tifications by these changes in the ordnance used.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then.Mr.
Chairman, in addition to these appropriations,
which, instead of being $5,000,000 are $7,010,000,
there arc to be further and additional appropria-
tions to pay for.new guns to be mounted upon
these fortifications.
^ Mr. STEVENS. We have made appropria-
tions already for the ordnance itself. I believe
that is all I have to say.
Mr. McBRIDE. I move to insert the following:
For completing the fortifications at and near the mouth
of the Columbia river, the sum of §100,000.
Mr. Chairman, some two hundred thousand
dollars have been appropriated during the last two
or three years and expended upon fortifications
at that point which are not completed, and I was
very much surprised on examining this bill to find
that no provision had been made for them. 1 think
that the extent and exposed situation of the com-
merce on that northwestern coast demand that
eomethingmore should be done. It has been rec-
ommended by the Military Department. I am
surprised that it has not met with favor from the
Committee of Ways and Means. I hope that it
•will commend itself to the House, and that the
amendment will be passed.
Mr. STEVENS. I would be willing to vote
for anything recommended for that point unless
I thought it extravagant. We have goneaccord-
ing to the estimates, and if we have overlooked
this recommendation the gentleman can have it
hunted up and the amendment mad? in the Sen-
ate. We hardly feel ourselves justified in insert-
ing anything of this kind, in these times, which
is not asked for by the Department. Sometimes
we feel gieat reluctance in putting in what they
have recommended, as we did in reference to
many matters in this bill, and we sought to evade
doing so after a long examination, but we could
not do it. 1 hope, therefore, the gentleman will
withdraw his amendment, and get a recommen-
dation for it from the Department, and then get the
amendment inserted in the Senate.
Mr. McBRIDE. I desire to statea single fact.
Our coast is a thousand miles in extent from San
Francisco north, arid not a single dollar is appro-
priated for fortifying that long line of coast. We
have two hundred miles of British coast north of
us, which is strongly fortified. Our portion of
the coast is the most exposed, and not a dollar is
expended for defending it.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to know whether
lie has examined to see whether there is not a
surplus of former appropriations unexpended for
that purpose.
Mr. McBRIDE. All the information I have
is from officers there, and they are very anxious
upon the subject.
Mr, STEVENS. I think it unsafe to put in
the amendment here; but if upon examination it
shall appear that there is no surplus of appropri-
ation unexpended, and the Department is of opin-
ion that the appropriation should be made, it can
be inserted in the Senate.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to amend by striking
out lines seventy-five and seventy-six, as follows:
For defenses of Washington, $500,000.
I think we have reached that state of the war
when we may dispense with this appropriation
of $500,000 for the defenses of Washington, and
therefore I move to strike it out.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know that it is en-
tirely proper to tell what the general command-
ing informed us was the condition of a certain
portion of our fortifications around this city, for
if there should happen to be another rebel raid
in a week or two, the enemy might take advan-
tage of the information. There is a double row
of fortifications on the west, so that if one row
is broken through the city can be defended by the
other. These double rows should be made effi-
cient ajl around, and this appropriation is for that
purpose in part. This is all I think necessary to
say at present.
Mr. BROOKS. If I felt it necessary to incur
the expenditure of half a million dollars for the
defense of the city of Washington I should be
the last person to move to strike out this appro-
priation. It seems to me that in the present con-
dition of our affairs, instead of sending forth to
Europe, as we do by this appropriation, that it is
necessary to expend half a million dollars for the
defense our capital, it would have a much better
effect if we could devote $500,000 to remove the
defenses around our capital. I have no idea that
another rebel raid will ever again approach within
sight of this Capitol. 1 am quite sure in my own
mind, unless there is utter inadequacy in the ad-
ministration of our military affairs, that that period
had gone by; and instead ofadding anything more
to the defenses of Washington, and making a for-
tified city of this, like Paris, Vienna, and Berlin, I
hoped the time had about come when we could
do away with all these fortifications. They are
monuments of our civil war which I do not desire
to perpetuate, and which i do not desire to pre-
serve one hour longer than necessary for our own
defense.
But if it becomes necessary to further defend
this capital, there is a reserved military power in
the hands of the Administration of this Govern-
ment to do as we have done heretofore. From
the funds now in their hands they can make a
sufficient appropriation to make the present forti-
fications efficient. I would not object if it was
proposed to expend fifty or a hundred thousand
dollars for the protection of existing fortifica-
tions; but this large sum of half a million of
money, in the existing condition of our affairs,
seems to me entirely unnecessary, and a quasi
confession on our part that we do not at this day
and hour feel ourselves safe from the guns of the
enemy in our own capital in the city of Wash-
ington. 1 hope the appropriation will be stricken
out.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not feel as much confi-
dence in the total annihilation of the armies of the
South, perhaps, as the gentleman from New York.
I did expect, to be sure, I did hope, that the late
proceedings would have produced peace. It was
very promising for a while—promised on that side
of the House, promised elsewhere—but those
promises have not been fulfilled, and 1 understand
the war is to be resumed with renewed vigor. We
know what we have witnessed in sight of this
Capitol, and I know of no reason why we may
not see the same thing again. I have no idea that
the South will ever have force enough to make a
permanent impression upon the North; but with
tliis vast country of ours it is impossible to guard
it all at once, and with their energy and skill they
may take advantage of our position here and in-
vade us in our own capital, unless we allow the
proper fortifications to be made, which are re-
quired by the authorities who have charge of the
business. I do not believe that a single dollar of
this money will be expended unless it is neces-
sary. i suppose that if a state of things exists
which renders it improper that the money shall
be expended, it will not be expended. 1 hope,
therefore, that we shall grant this amount, so that
in case of failure it shall not be the fault of Con-
gress.
Mr. BROOKS. I withdraw my amendment,
and move to strike out "$500,000" and insert
"$100,000" in lieu thereof. Insuppoitof that
proposition, permit me to say that 1 do not be-
lieve the rebel army contemplates ever again ap-
proaching the city of Washington; and if I am
correctly informed respecting the recent proceed-
ings which have taken place near Norfolk, Vir-
ginia, between the President of the United States
and the Secretary of Slate, and certain persons
said to be commissioners of the confederate States,
the rebels themselves do not propose further ag-
gressions upon their part upon us, but on the con-
trary were ready to accept an armistice from us,
if we were ready to propose it, with a view forth-
with of consulting their people during the cessa-
tion of hostilities between us and them. This is
the information which I get upon the subject,arid
I suppose that I have means of information as
correct as any gentleman upon the other side of
the House, for my information comes in a good
degree from gentlemen intimately connected with
the Administration upon that side. If, then, it is
true, as stated, that an armistice has been pro-
posed upon the part of the confederates, and that
the armistice has been rejected by us, prima facie
evidence at least exists that it is not the intention
hereafter of the rebels to entei upon any acts of
invasion aguin&t us, butun the contuiiy that they
contemplate mainly their own defense. I take it
for granted that m the present condition of the ,
rebel army, with Sherman on one side, and
Thomas on another, and Terry on another, sur-
rounded by the anaconda as they are at present,
the most that they4can possibly contemplate is the
protection of their own territory and their own
forces, and that they can never contemplate any
invasion of Washington. I do not expect ever
again to see or to hear of the rebel flag within
sight of the dome of the Capitol at Washington.
My main object in offering this amendment is
not so much to save $400,000, but to have a dec-
laration of this House, a vote of confidence from
the Representatives of the people, to be pro-
claimed abroad to the whole world, that a crisis
has arrived in our publicaffairs when we no longer
need half a million dollars, or three or four hun-
dred thousand dollars, to defend these legislators
here upon the Potomac river, but that our con-
fidence in the ability of our Army and Navy is
such that we can cease to fortify the capital. I
wish the declaration to'go forth to the world that
Washington no longer needs, what the capitals
of the Old World need, to be protected from the
invasion of their own people or tlteir own civil
wars, butthat we have readied a period when we
can throw down our fortifications and rely upon
the brave hearts of our soldiers and sailors fully
and adequately to protect this capital from any
contemplated invasion by the enemy. Watched
as this country is by foreign embassadors and
representatives and coirespondentsof the foreign
press, I should look upon the insertion of such a
provision as this in an appropriation bill at this
period of the war as a declaration of a want of
confidence in our power to protect our own cap-
ital; while, if it is stricken out, 1 shall look upon
it as a declaration to the whole world of our ability
to maintain this capital without making any fur-
ther appropriations for fortifications for its defense
beyond what may be necessary for repairs; i shall
look upon it as a declaration to the whole world
that no such further appropriation is nccessary.
Mr. MORRiLL. Mr. Chairman, doubtless
the gentleman from New York [Mr. Brooks] has
more information than [ have upon the subject of
the negotiations that took place recently at Hamp-
ton Roads; but from the account which 1 have
read, 1 have been unable to perceive that there was
the least disposition upon the part of the rebels to
consent even to an armistice except upon the basis
of absolute independence, and when the negotia-
tions terminated, it was, as I read the account—
and I suppose that the same account has been
read by the gentleman from New York—distinctly
understood by both parties that the war was to
be resumed exactly as if the conference had not
taken place.
Now, Mr. Chairman, my understanding of this
provision of the bill 4s diametrically opposite to
that of the gentleman from New York. He seems
to think that if we adopt this appropriation it will
be a proclamation to the world that we are fearful
of some fin ther aggressions, and that it will bean
exhibition of weakness. On the contrary, Mr.
Chairman, I hold thatthe war will be more speed-
ily ended if we now proclaim that we are prepar-
ing and ready to fight out this war if it should
continue for the next twenty years; and I would
not have it appear on the face of our legislation
that we are to relax our fiontinthe least, or that
we are to be fooled or diddled by anything less
than absolute submission on the part of the rebels
to the terms which have so frequently and au-
thoritatively been proclaimed. I think that if we
should adopt this appropriation, instead of its be-
ing regarded as an evidence of weakness either
here or abroad, it will be an evidence on our part
that we mean to wage this war at all points to a
successful and triumphant closc.
Mr. CHANjLER. Mr. Chairman, in view of
the position which this House has assumed with
regard to the Monroe doctrine, I feel myself con-
stiained to differ with my colleague, and to sus-
tain this appropriation of $500,000. 1 think that
all the arguments advanced by my colleague with
regard to presenting a bold front and relying on
the bayonets of our soldiers, apply with great
force in regard to the rebellion,and that we may
rely upon the spirit of peace which has recently
shed its benign influence upon the Administration
and its followers. But, sir, a new danger threatens
the country, a danger fiom abroad; and if u,e
propose in this House or through the country to
sustain the manly position which we have assumed
