im
WM CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Nelson, Noble, Norton, Odeli, John O'Neill, Orth, Patter-
son, Pendleton, Pike, Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J. Randall,
Robinson, Rogers, Ross, Scott, Spalding, Starr, William
G. Steele,Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Sweat, Townsend, Voor-
hees, Wadsworth, Ward, Webster, Chilton A. White,
Joseph W. White, Winfield, Benjamin Wood, Fernando
Wood,-Woodbridge, and Yeaman—94,
The SPEAKER. No quorum has voted.
Mr-. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
thera be a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll, and the
following- members failed to answer to their
names:
Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, Alley, Ames,
Anderson, Augustus C. Baldwin, Blair, WilliamG. Brown,
Clay, Cox, Cravens, Thomas T. Davis, Dawson, Donnelly,
Dumont, "Rnglish,' Farnsworth, Garfield, Hall, Harding,
Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles M. Harris, IIol-
man, Hutchins, Julian, Kasson, Francis W. Kellogg,
Knapp, Knox, Law, Lazear, Littlejohn, Loan, McDowell,
McKinnev, Middleton, Morrill, Odell, Charles O'Neill,
Pike, Pomeroy, Radfoid, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson,
Rogers, Ross, Spalding, Starr, William G. Steele, Wads-
worth, Webster, Whaley, Joseph W. White, Bpnjamm
Wood, Fernando Wood, Woodbridge, and Yeaman.
The SPEAKER. A quorum has now an-
swered .
Mr. WILSON moved that ail further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LE BLOJND, by unanimous consent, with-
drew his motion to lay on the table.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution, on which the yeas and nays had been
ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 79, nays 29, not voting 75;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley, Baily,
John I). Baldwin, Baxter, Ileanmn, Blow, Boyd, Brandegee,
Broomall, James S. BrowdP, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman
Clarke, Cob!), Cole, Thomas T. Davis, iJeming, Dixon,
Driggs, Eckley, Eliot, Gaifield, Gooeh, Grinnell, Hale,
Higby, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,
Huiburd, Ingersoll, ICasson, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg,
Orlando Kellogg, Littlejohn, Longyear, Marvin, McBride,
McClurg, Samuvl F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel
JVloiri&, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Nelson, Norton,
Odelt. Charles O'Neill, Patterson, Perham, Pomeroy, Wil-
liam H. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, James
S. Rollins, Schenek, Scofield, Shannon, Sloan, Smith,
r Smithers, Stevens, Th.ijer, Tiaey, Upson, Van Valken-
• bingh, Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Wha-
- ley, Wheeler, Williams, Wilson, Windom, Woodbridge,
and Worthnigton—79.
NAYS— MewH. James C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Bliss, Chanler, Demson, Eden, Edgerton, Eld-
rulge, English, Grider, Ilerrick, William Johnson, Kaib-
Jlei^ch, Knapj), Mallory, Marcy, McKmney, William II.
MilU*r, James R. Morris, Noble, John O'Neill, Pendleton,
Stiles, Stiouse, Svve.tt, Townsend, and Ward—29.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Ander-
son, Blame, Blair, Boutweli, Brooks, William G. Brown,
Clay, Coffioth, Cox, Cravens, Creswell, Henry Winter
Davis, Dawes, Daw on, Donnelly, Dumont, Farnsworth,
Fmck. Frank, Ganson, Griswold, Hail, Harding, Harring-
ton, Benjamin G. Harris, Charles, M. Harris, Ilolman,
Ilotehkiss, Hutchins, Jenokes, Philip Johnson, Julian, Ker-
nan, ICinc, Knox, Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Loan, Long,
McAllister, McDowell, Mclndoe, Middleton, Morrison,
Orth, Perry, Pike, Price, Pruyn, Iladford, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, Robinson, Rogers, Edward H. Rollins, Ross, Scott,
Spalding,Stan, John B. Steele, William G.Steele,Stuart,
Thomas, Voorliees, Wad-worth, Webster, Chilton A.
White, Joseph W. White, Wilder, Winfield, Benjamin
Wood, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—175.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. MALLORY, (when his name was called.)
I ask leave to be excused from voting, and I wish
to state briefly to the House the reasons.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. "YVash-
bukne, of Illinois, in the chair.) The rule ex-
pressly declares that all motions to be excused
from voting must be made before the call of the
roll is commenced.
Mr. MALLORY. May I ask the unanimous
consent of the "House to make a statement?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The roll is be-
ing called and the proceeding cannot be inter-
rupted.
At the conclusion of the call, but before the
result >$as announced,
Mr. MALLORY said: I again ask to be ex-
cused from voting.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It is not in order
now to ask to be excused from voting.
Mr. MALLORY. I appeal to the House to
be excused from voting.
The bPLAKER pro tempore. The IJou&e is
acting under the previous question, and no debate
is in order.
Mr. MALLORY, I move to suspend the rules,
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Nothing of that
kind is in order now.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I move to re-
consider the vote just taken.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The result has
not yet been announced.
The result was then announced, as above re-
corded.
Mr. SMITH. I move to reconsider the vote
last taken; and also move to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The question was put on the latter motion,and
the result was being announced, when—
Mr. MALLORY. I rise to a point of order.
It is that the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Brown] distinctly, and in the hearing of the
whole House, made the motion to reconsidcr
before any other gentleman rose.
The SPEAKER. It is well known to the
House that the mover of a resolution has the
right to make the motion before anybody else.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. J risetoapoint
of oider. It is that the Speaker did not, so as to
be heard by the House* state the proposition
■made by the gentleman who proposed to recon-
sider and lay on the table.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated the prop-
osition very distinctly, and took the vote upon iu
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays upon the motion to lay on the tabic.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SMITH. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. After the yeas and nays
are ordered it is too late to withdraw the motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is in
order to withdraw the motion at any time before
action is taken upon it.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on the amendments to the bill of the House (No.
795) amendatory of certain acts imposing duties
on foreign importations, reported that the com-
mittee, having met, after a full and free confer-
ence had agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses that the House
recede from their disagreement to theamendments
of the Senate numbered one, two, six, seven,
eight, nine, ten, eleven, and fourteen, and agree
to the same; that the Senate recede from their
amendments numbered three, five and a half,
twelve, and thirteen; that the House recede from
their disagreement to the fourth amendment of
the Senate and agree to the same with an amend-
ment, as follows: insert in lieu of the words stricken
out the words " on iron bars for railroads or in-
clined planes ten cents per hundred pounds;" that
the House recede from their disagreement to the
fifth amendment of the Senate and agree to the
same with the following amendment: strike out
" two and a half cents" and insert in lieu thereof
"one cent."
The report was signed by Messrs. Stevens,
Cox, and Griswold, managers on the part of the
House; and by Messrs. Clark, Hendricks, and
Farwell, managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS. There were but two amend-
ments in which the House was particularly
interested; one was in reference to the duty on
railroad iron. The House had fixed that at fifteen
cents per hundred pounds. The Senate struck
it out. We believed it would be impossible to
carry the bill unless we modified what the House
had done in that respect. We therefore modi-
fied it by reducing the duty to ten cents per hun-
dred pounds.
The Senate also added an amendment impos-
ing a duty of two and a half cents per pound on
wrought-iron tubes. That was reduced to one
cent per pound. >
I think these are the only material amendments.
I do not suppose there is any necessity for saying
anything further,and therefore 1 call the previous
question on the adoption of the report.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
Mr. HOLM AN. I move to lay the report on
the table.
There being, on a division—ayes 17, noes 76,
Mr. HOLM AN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
TheHouserefused to laythe report on the table.
The report was then agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the conference report was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsidcr be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act (H. R. No.
761) extending the time for the completion of cer-
tain land-grant, railroads in the States of Minne-
sota and Iowa, and for other purposes; when the
Speaker signed the same.
CONSOLIDATION OF INDIAN TRIBES.
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask unanimous consent to
have taken from the Speaker's table the Senate
bill to provide for the consolidation of Indian
tribes, and to establish civil government in the
Indian Territory.
Mr. SHANNON. I object.
MILITARY MATTERS.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
on joint resolution No.170, and the several amend-
ments thereto, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference upon the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses upon House joint resolution No. 170,
and the several amendments thereto, having met, fiffer full
and free conference do agree and recommend to their re-
spective Houses as follows:
1. That the Senate recede from the ninth section of its
amendment.
2. That the House recede from its disagreement to the
tenth section of the Senate amendment-
3. That the Senate recede from die eleventh section of
its amendment.
4. That the Senate recede from the twelfth and thirteenth
sections of its amendment.
5. That the House recede from the ninth section of its
amendment.
6. That the House recede from its tenth amendment.
7. That the Senate recede from its disagreement to the
eleventh amendment of the House.
8. That the committee agree upon the following sub-
stitute for the twelfth section of the House amendment:
"And be it farther enacted, That the bounty of $100 pio-
vided by present laws to he paid to the heirs of volunteers
killed in battle shall be extended to the widow, if living, or,
if she be dead, to the children, of any volunte'er who shall
have been or may be killed in the service, whether he shall
have enlisted for two yeais or a less period of time."
9. That the committee agree upon the following substi-
tute for the thirteenth section of the House amendment:
"And be U further resolved. That in case any officer of the
military or naval service who may be hereafter dismissed
by authoiity of the President shall make an application in
writing for a tiial, setting forth under oath that he has been
wrongfully and unjustly dismissed, the President shall, aa
soon as the necessities of the public service may permit,
convene a court-martial to try such officer on the charges
on which he was dismissed. And if such court-martini
shall not award dismissal, or death, as the punishment of
such officer the order of dismissal shall be void; and if the
court-mariial aforesaid shall not be convened for the trial
of such officer within six months trom the presentation of
his application for trial, the sentence of dismissal shall be
void."
10. That the Senate recede from its disagreement to the
fourteenth, fifteenth, ami sixteenth sections of the House
amendment.
11. That the House recede fiom the seventeenth, eigh-
teenth, and nineteenth sections of its amendment.
12. That the Senate recede from its disagreement to the
twentieth, twenty-first,twenty second,twenty-third,twen-
ty- fourth, twenty-fifth, twenty-sixth, twenty-^ venth, twen-
ty eighth, twenty-ninth, thirtieth, and thirty-first sections
of the House amendment.
IU. That the House recede Irom the thirty-second sec-
tion of its amendment.
14. That the committee agree to the following title to
the joint resolution: "An act to amend the several acts
heretofore passed to provide for the enrolling and calling
out the national forces, and for other purposes."
HENRY WILSON,
J. M. HOWARD,
C. K. BUCKALEW,
Managers on the prut of the Senate*
J. A. GARFIELD,
M. F. ODELL.
G. W. SCOFIELD,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move the previous ques-
tion on the report, and pending that I will state
very briefly what its substance is. The history
ofthis legislation is this: the House passed, a few
days ago, a joint resolution defining the pay of
officers*' servants. That joint resolution went to
the Senate, and in its place a bill of thirteen sec-
tions was substituted. The House took that bill
of thirteen sections, adopted the^rst eight, cut off
the remaining five, and added twenty-three sec-
tions of its own. The bill thus amended, having
thirty-one sections, went over to the Senate. The
Senate disagreed to the House amendments, and
a committee of conference was appointed.
There were thirty points of difference between
