1805.'
tlie two Houses. Oh these thirty points the
House receded From six; the Senate receded from
twenty-two'; and in place of the two others sub^
stitutes were agreed on by the committee. I will
only, mention the points on which the House re-
ceded and the two modified sections as being of
interest to us.
First, in reference to bounties. Th'e House
section was modified so that bounties should be
paid to the heirs of soldiers who were killed in
battle, though they had not served two years;
and such bounties should .only go to their widow,
or, if there be no widow', to their children, but
shall not go to the legal heirs generally.' The Sen-
ate refused (o agree with the House amendment
repealing, section seventeen of the act of July 17,'
1862, authorizing the President summarily to dis-
miss officers from the Army, Navy, or Marine
corps. But the managers of the conference on
the- part of the House proposed a substitute for
the repealing section, by which the power of dis-
missal is limited and regulated. The President
may stifl dismiss an officer, but he is required, on
application setting forth under oath that the dis-
missal was unjust, to order a trial of the officer
by court-martial on the charges on which he was
dismissed. If such trial is not had within six
months after the application ^ made, the dismissal
is made void. It will probably result from this
amendment that no officer will be-dismissed un-
less upon such charges, believed to be such, as
would warrant a court-martial in doing the same.
The managers on the part of the House believed
that this section will in the main remedy the evil
complained of.
In the next place the section of the House
amendment to provide for the transfer of officers
from one corps to another, from one arm of the
service to another, and from the volunteer service
to the regular service, the House recede from.
The motion in regard to declaring foreigners
liable to draft, the House recede from,itbeing of
doubtful constitutionality.
The section in regard to increasing the pay of
provost marshals and enrolling officers the House
recede from.
The section in regard to substitute brokers
being authorized by the Secretary of War, the
House recede from, believing that in other sec-
tions of the bill the country is sufficiently pro-
tected from the evils of the substitute broker sys-
tem.
The last section of the bill, in regard to mus-
tering out enlisted men who went into the service
to fill up old regiments, we receded from, not,
however, until we were satisfied that the Senate
could not be induced to recede from their position,
although adhering might involve the failure of
the whole bill. The managers on the partof the
Senate said that the Secretary of War had in-
formed them that if this provision were adopted it
would take forty-five thousand men immediately
from the field, and thus very much impair the
efficiency of the Army on the eve of agreat cam-
paign. In view of all the circumstances, the com-
mittee recommend that the House recede from
that amendment. The House has put itselfupon
record in regard to that question, and has done
all it can to show its position upon this subject.
The House will bear witness that I havedone all
in my power, and have persisted almost to an un-
reasonable degree, in securing the passage of this
measure. ButI hope the House will not do any-
thing to impede or jeopardize the passage of this
bill, and lam satisfied that it will fail if we longer
persist in demanding the adoption of this section.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the House will not
adopt this report striking out the section in refer-
ence to discharging the recruits from old regiments
who went into the service with the promise that
they should be discharged from service with the
regiment. I hope that section will not be stricken
out.
Mr. GRINNELL. I have a duty to discharge
to my people which I have had no opportunity
to 
Mr. GARFIELD. It is too late to make up
the record now. 1 call the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will my colleague with-
draw that motion for a moment?
Mr. GARFIELD. I will do so, certainly.
Mr. SCHENCK. I wish to make butasmgle
remark on behalf of the Military Committee. The
committee earnestly desire to have these men mus-
tered out of service; and so with regard to the
other matters. But it is a'question of agreeing to
this report upon the committee of conference or
losing the whole bill. I wish the House to un-
derstand that in this bill is pretty much the whole
military legislation of the session; everything re-
lating to the enrollment.
Mr. GARFIELD. I 'will say that twenty-
eight of the pointsof difference have been receded
from by the Senate and conceded' to the Housi,
and I venture to say that it very rarely happens,
where sO many differences were involved, that
one House gets so large a portion. I now call
the previous question. •
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
The question was upon agreeing to the report
of the committee of conference.
Mr. LE BLOND called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays'were ordered'.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—jreas 71, nays 57, not voting 54;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Arnold, Ashley, Baily,
John D. Baldwin, Baxter, lleamaii, Blow, Boutwell,
Broomull, Ambrose VV. Claris.Freeman Clarke, Cobt>,Cole,
Creswell, Ilenry Winter Davis, Tlioinas T. Duvis, Dawes,
Dixon, Driggs, Ecklcy, Eliot, Garfield, Gooch, Griswold,
Higby,, Asaliel VV. IJubbard, John H. Hubbard, llulburd,
Jenek'es, Kasson, Kelley, Orlando Kellogg, King, Little-
john, Longyear, Marvin, McAllister, McClurg, Samuel P.
Miller, Moorliead, Morrill, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers,
Odell, Charles O'Neill, Orth, fatterson, Perham, Pike,
Pomeroy, Price, William H. Randall, Alexander 11. Rice,
Jolm H. Rice, James S. Kollins, Sehenck, Scofield, Shan-
non, Sloan, tfmitli, Smitliers, Upson, Van Valkenburgh,
Wiliam It. Washburn, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, VVin-
dom, Woodbridge, and Wortlnngton—71.
NATS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, JJiiss, Boyd, Brooks, James S. Brown, Chanler,-
Coffroth, Craven*, Dawson, Edgerton, Eldridge, English,
Farnsworth,Finck,GrinnelI, Hale, Charles M. Harris, Iler-
rick, Holinan, Hotehkiss, Ingersoll, Philip Johnson, Kalb-
fleisch, Francis W. Kellogg, Knapp, Le Blond, l.ong, Mal-
iory, Maiey, MeKintiey, William II. Miller, James It. Mor-
ris, Morrison, Nelson, Noble, Norton, John O'Neill, Pen-
dleton, Perry, Kadfoid, Samuel J. Randall, ftoss, Scott,
John 1!. Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Tracy,
Voorhees, Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, Whaley, and Chil-
ton A. White—57.
NOT VOTING—Messrs.Willfam J. Allen, Alley, Ander-
son, Blaine, Blair, Brandpgpe, William <5. Brown, Clay,
Cox, Deming, Demson, Donnelly, Dumont, Eden, Frank,
Ganson, Grider, Hall, Harding, Harrington, Benjamin G.
Harris, Hooper^ Hutclnns, WUUam Johnson, Julian, Ker-
nan, Knox, Law, Lazear, Loan,MeBnde, McDowell, Me-
1 ndoe,Middieton, Daniel Morris, Pruyu, Robinson, Rogers,
Edward H. Rollins, Spalding, Starr, William G. Steele,
Sweat, Thayer, Thomas, Townsentt, Wadsworth, Web-
ster, Wheeler, Joseph W. White, Winfieid, Benjamin
Wood, Fernando Wood, and Yeainan—54.
So the report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. GARFIELD. I withdraw the motion.
remission of absentees' fines.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution;
Resolved, That all fines and fees imposed by the House
on members for being absent Without leave dunng the
recent call of the House be, and the same are hereby,
remitted.
Several Members. I object.
legislature of washington territory.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report from the Committee on Territories
Senate bill entitled " An aot amendatory of the
organicactof Washington Territory." This bill
simply allows the Legislature to meetbiennially,
instead of annually, by which the Government
will save some thousands of dollars.
There was no objection; and the bill was read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, moved to reconsider the
vote by wh ich the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
papers withdrawn.
Mr. HALE. I ask leave to withdraw from
the files of the House the papers in the case of
H. A. Brigham; also in the case of Major Love.
Leave was granted.
wagon roads IN the territories.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I move to take
from the Speaker's table bill S. No 472,entitled
"An act to provide for the construction of certain
Wagon roads in the Territories of Ida!hO, Mon- '
t^na, Dakota',anil Neb;r.tt^ka."* . ; " ' £ .
The, motion was agreed.to4 * J,
The bill was read a first and. second .time,-or- ,
dered to a third reading, and read the third tittle.
The question,(jeing on^ the .pas^age of the bill,
Mr. M U.BBARD, of Io wa, demanded. u>e, pre-,'
vious question.   .v .•* ■ ' .
The previous question was seconded, and the
main.question ordered; And, under the operation,
thereof the bill was passed.: .... .
Mr. HUBBARD, of,Iowa, moved to,,recon-
sider the vote by whi.ch the,bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table. '
The latter motion was agreed to.' : \
railroads in michigan and wisconsin.
Mr. SLOAN. I, ask unanimous consent to
take from the Speaker's table Senate amendments
to bill H. R. No. 710, entitled " An act-to extend
the time for the completion of certain railroads to-
which land grants have been made in the.States
of Michigan and Wisconsin."
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. SLOAN. I move to suspend the rules'for
the purpose of considering Senate amendments to
this bill. " ' '1 •
On agreeing to the motion there were, on a
division—ayes'58, noes 32.
Mr. SLOAN demanded tellers."
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Sloan and
Holman were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported-
ayes 65, noes 27.
So the motion was agreed to.
The question recurred on concurring in the Sen-
ate amendments.
Mr. SLOAN demande&the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the Senate amendments were concurred in.
Mr. SLOAN moved to reconsider the vote by
which the Senate amendments were concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
condition of indian tribes.
Mr. WINDOM. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I present the following report from a com-
mittee of conference:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes o(
the two Houses on the joint resolution {S..R. No. 89) di-
reeling inquiry into the condition of the Indian tiibes, and
their treatment by the civil and military authorities, having
met, after full and free conference have agreed to recom-
mend, and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
That the House recede from its first and second amend-
ments.
That the Senate concur in the third amendment of the
House.
JAMES R. DOOL1TTLE,
i>. GRATZ BROWN,
JAMES HARLAN,
Managers onthcpctrt of the Senate.
WILLIAM WINDOM,
PHILIP JOHNSON,
Managert on the pari of the House.
The SPEAKER. The question is on agreeing
to the report of the committee of conference.
Mr. WINDOM. I will take but a moment to
explain these amendments. The Senate passed
a resolution appointing a committee to investigate
our Indian affairs. The House amended that so as
to provideforacommission. The House recedes
from that amendment. The second amendment
provided for extending the investigation to Indian
superintendents and agents, and in that the Senate
concur. I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, moved that
the report be laid on the table.
The motion was disagreed lo.
The report of the committee of conference was
adopted.
Mr. WINDOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Barclay's digest.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Recohed, (in view of the numerous and material amend-
