1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
649
quoted to-day in our currency at so high a figure
as it was before the commencement of the war.
And now a word in reference to the question
propounded by the gentleman from Iowa a while
ago as to the value of these lands. Sir, those
"who know anything of the condition of the in-
terior of Illinois at the time this work was com-
menced know that these lands were compara-
tively valueless, and those who are honest and
willing to do justice must admit that their in-
creased value is due to the building of this great
central thoroughfare, by means of which those
lands could be brought into cultivation and their
products conveyed to market.
Again, sir, what did the Government lose by
this grant of lands? Not a dollar, for the price
of every alternate section was doubled, and the
Government got all the money that it could pos-
sibly have got if it had sold all the lands at the
Government rate of $1 25 an acre and had not
granted any to the Centra) railroad.
I repeat that when this grant was made no man
contemplated the state of things that we have had
for the last four years. The fact that the Presi-
dent and the Secretary of War have seen fit to
give to the Central Railroad Company something
for their immense outlay of money in procuring
laborers and stock to facilitate their military op-
erations, is but an evidence that they were not
inclined to do what my colleague [Mr. Wash-
burne] and the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wil-
son] would do, play the Jew and exact the last
pound of flesh from this company. It is unjust,
it is unreasonable; and the effect of the passage
of this amendment would be totally to breakdown
this Central Railroad Company. The Govern-
ment would have to take the road and run itthem-
selves,and run it at a much greater expense than
the company can run it for, considering the prices
they now receive for the transportation of troops
and munitions of war. During the last four years
of civil war there has not been a day upon which
theGovernment has not been transporting troops
or munitions of war over this road, and it is un-
reasonable that the company should be compelled
to do it without some sort of compensation.
Gentlemen may think that among a few of their
constituents who do not look into this question
they may make a little capital by favoring this
amendment, but in doing it they will do injustice
to one of the greatest enterprises of the North-
west, and are welcome to all the glory that may
gather around an effort thus to destroy that great
enterprise, one of which we feel proud, one which
has opened up the wilderness through central Il-
linois and made it bloom like a garden; they are
welcome to all the glory they can gather from
such a course.
Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois. I am a little
surprised at the observationson this subject which
have just fallen from my colleague, [Mr. J. C.
Allen.] He evaded the issue raised by the pro-
viso we are discussing, and proceeded to a de-
fense of the Illinois Central railroad, a corpora-
tion of gigantic proportions, and which is grinding
to the earth the people of our State. I think if
the defense he has just interposed in behalf of this
railroad had been known before the election he
would not have obtained quite as many votes as
he did on the line of the road for Congressman at
large, and I believe he only came within thirty-
two thousand votes of being elected.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I believe I got as many
votes along the line of the railroad as my com-
petitor did.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not know
that. 1 know his competitor beat my colleague
by thirty-two thousand majority.
But I propose, Mr. Chairman, to address my-
self to the committee for amoment on the subject
of the amendment of my friend from Iowa, [Mr.
Wilson.] I am aware it touches a matter in my
own State, and it may be thought (hat an Illinois
man should not array himself against a great in-
terest there. But, sir, 1 do not propose to have
my lips sealed on a question of this character,
however local those interests may be to my State,
but I shall speak incidentally of the character and
the management of this corporation. 1 knowthe
power and influence of this mammoth railroad
company, running through the ennre length of
the State; but while 1 represent that constituency
that has so long honoied me with its confidence
and support, I will stand up here and defend their
yiterests. Notonly shall my constituents, butthe
people of the whole State, find in me a mouth-piece
to defend them against oppression, regardless of
consequences to myself. In view of the manage-
ment of this road since the breaking out of the
rebellion, itisnowonly known by its oppressions
an£ extortions upon tne people along the line of
it. It has raised its rate of fare enormously, five,
six, and even seven cents per mile for passengers.
I myself have, within two months, paid within a
fraction of seven cents per mile fare on this road.
And freight, too, has teen raised in nearly the
same proportion, adding a most burdensome,
odious, and intolerable tax upon all my constit-
uents who have to use the road, and it runs
through the entire length of my district. I charge
that the rate of freight and fare on this road, which
was built by the magnificent bounty of the Gov-
ernment, and which the honest and industrious
farmers of the State have chicfly to bear, is ut-
terly outrageous, and ought not to be tolerated if
it can be helped. I speak for the people of the
State, and not from any personal grievance, for
I have none.
But to the point ofamendmentbefore us. The
act ofCongressgranting the land to build this road
had in it the express condition, as has been shown
so unanswerably by the gentleman from Iowa,
[Mr. Wilson,] that all Government property,
arms, munitions of war,&c., should be carried
by the company receiving the grant free from all
toll and charge. In the last Congress this precise
question was up. It was reported that this Illinois
Central Railroad Company had been charging and
receiving money from the Government for doing
the business which it was bound to do without
pay. The question was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary—a committee distinguished
for its ability, and having in it not only the best
legal talent of the House, but of the country.
That committee did not gloss over the important
question presented to them with a hurried and
imperfect examination. They gave it a full and
thorough examination, and Mr. Porter, of Indi-
ana, one of the very ablest lawyers in the House,
made an elaborate report from the committee, and
pronounced its conclusion by the resolution at the
close of the report, and which the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] read. That resolution de-
nied the right of the road to charge the Govern-
ment for carrying its property, troops, &c. The
report was adopted unanimously by the House;
not a single member dissented from its doctrines.
It was the opinion of the House deliberately de-
clared that this railroad company had no right to
make this claim.
It appears, however, Mr. Chairman, that very
large amounts of money have been paid to this
road, notwithstanding the House has repeatedly
declared that nothing ought to be paid, and re-
questing that, if anything had been paid it should
be recovered back. At the last session the House
reaffirmed the judgment of the previous Congress,
that nothing was due by the Government to the
road for this service, and requesting the Depart-
ment not to pay anything more. There had al-
ready been paid more than three hundred thou-
sand dollars for this service. And yet, regardless
of that resolution, I know not on what giounds,
and of course 1 will not attempt to speak in regard
to it, instead of paying no more to this company,
instead of taking measures to get back the money
already paid to the Illinois Central Railroad Com-
pany, a further sum of $552,000, more than half
a million dollars, has since been paid to that com-
pany. A gentleman near me suggests that the
Secretary of War in his letter says it was paid by
order of the President. If the company had not
the right to this money by law, the President had
no more right to order its payment than 1 have.
I believe it is a constitutional provision that no
money shall be drawn from the Treasuiy with-
out warrant of law. 1 do not know the reasons
that induced the President to order this payment.
1 have no doubt the reasons were satisfactory to
him, and perhaps they would be satisfactory to
me if I knew them. I know that the President is
governed by the highest and purest motives, and
that he would do nothing but what he believed to
be light. But 1 think it vety likely that he and
I should differ in opinion on this subject, and there
is certainly no man on earth more tolerant of a
difference of opinion than the President.
Butmy colleague [Mr. J. C. Allen] has spoken
of the benefits of this rail road to the State. That
is not the question we are discussing. The ques-
tion is whether the law shall be obeyed and thia
company held to its bargain with the Government*
This company has one of the most stupendous
franchises and by far the most valuable franchise
that has ever been obtained in this country. I
wish I had the figures here, as shown us by its re^
ports, as to the almostincredible value of the prop-
erty of the company, of its lands, and of its road.
And yet it comes before the Government and
claims and receives, in defiance of the judgments
and order of this House, nearly a million dollars
of the people's money, which my colleague's
constituents and the constituents of us all must
pay. And by whom is this road owned, and
where is our money going? Sir, it is not owned
by American citizens, but it is mostly owned, by
British bond-holders, men living in a country that
is the hereditary enemy of the United States, ex-
hibiting to us its deadly hostility in every way.
Who can tell whether or not a part of this vast
sum of money paid to this company by ourGov-
ernment has not been paid to British bond-hold-
ers and invested in pirate ships to drive our com-
merce from the ocean—the commerce of the great
city of New York, represented in part by the
gentleman [Mr. Brooks] who has spoken in mit-
igation of this transaction?
I have spoken of the property of this company*
of the vast amounts of land owned by the com-
pany. This land is now held at such high prices
as to prevent to a very considerable degree that
immigration which would have come to our noble
State had they put down their land to reasonable
figures. Does my colleague uphold this company
in thus putting up their land, and its generally op-
pressive management? Does my colleague wish
to keep irnmigi ants from coming into our State by
justifying this company in putting up the land
to such high prices to the settler? Does not my
colleague know that this corporation has already
been arraigned this very winter before the Legis-
lature of our State for alleged frauds upon the
law? Does he not know that this whole subject
is there undergoing investigation, and that the
Legislature, acting in behalf of the oppressed peo-
ple, is groping round in search of some remedy
or redress? What claim, I ask, has this road
upon the votes or the sympathies of the Repre-
sentatives of the State of Illinois in this House?
1 have seen that the Legislature has arraigned
this road for its dealings with the State, and let
me tell my colleague that unless it shall reform
its accommodations and management, and lower
its rates, it will be arraigned at the bar of an en-
lightened and inexorable public opinion in that
State. Why, sir, I have right here before me
a paper published in the city in which 1 reside,
which shows how my own immediate constitu-
ents are treated by this mammoth monopoly, and
the losses which the people in my own city and
.county are suffering by the management of this
company. This paper says that there are at
Galena seven hundred car loads of oats, and
twenty-five car loads of pork awaiting shipment
to Cairo for Government use. It says Anther:
"There arc also three hundred car loath of miscellane-
ous fieight lien- lor Chicago, making m all over one lliou-
snud car Ioa(N of freight ready to be shipped as soon as
cais e.m be had. Estimating that an average of ten car
loads per day could be sent oil', it would take nearly three
and a half months to clear out thia vast amount of ireight,
to sny nothing of what would accumulate m the mean
lime.
At Dunleitli there is an immense winrow of out:*, in
sacks, piled up out nfdoori, extending all the way fiom the
di j Inula*', below the old packet olhec,up lo the elevator.
The company has no placc to stoic them, and if a heavy
rain should come, there would bo nothing to do but to let
thein soak."
That is the way in which the people are treated
by this road, notonly in my own town,but 1 be-
lieve at nearly every depot upon'the line of the
road in my district.. The company have failed to
use the means in their power to accommodate the
people; and when the people complain, they are
told, u Help yourselves if you can; builda rival
road if you are not satisfied with what we do."
And the president of the road told me in this very
Iici.ll} not more than three weeks ago, that " if
the Illinois members of Congress sat here S'lont
m when their road was being interfered with they
j| would charge forty cents a mile for passengers.5'
I! Sir, they may charge me forty cents per mile
li passage. I shall not only not be silent, but wdi
