650
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,~
always raise my voice as long as the rights of
the people of Illinois demand a vindication at my
hands.
I trust that the committee will adopt the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Iowa, and prevent
any further payments from being made to this
company; and I trust that further legislation will
be adopted which will recover from that road
what it has obtained from the Treasury, as I
think, unlawfully.
Let me, before'concluding, reply to one remark
of my colleague on the other side, [Mr. J. C.
Allen.] He said that if we did not pay this
company, in violation of law, (I say " in violation
of law," because every man about here has said
so, and the House has said so time and again^)
the company cannot run the road, and the Gov-
ernment will have to take it in its own hands.
Sir, I am tired of that kind of talk. It would have
been well if the Government had taken possession
of the road long ago. The Government could
have run the road vastly better than this company
^have run it. I hope that the committee will not
be influenced by such suggestions. The Govern-
ment is abundantly able to run the road,and run
it in such a manner as not only to indemnify it-
self, butgivn satisfaction to the people of the State.
But it is all idle for the company to talk about
turning over the road to the Government. It
never intends to do it. All such talk might be
regarded as intending to influence in the matter
before us.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Chairman, I have no
quanel with the Illinois Ccntml Railroad Com-
pany, nor any other company; and I regret that
my colleague saw fit to introduce this amendment.
Sir, this question has wide bearings. It affects
my State as well as the State of Illinois. "We
have four land-grant railroads now in the market
seeking to raise money on their bonds, whereby
they may go on with the construction of their
roads, so that they may meet and become a part
of the great Pacific railway, which will link us
with the mines and the Pacific as a mutual ben-
efit. What do we propose now ? It may be true
that we have these companies in our power; but
shall we inflict upon them an aet of injustice bo-
cause they seem to be in our power or we have
the law technically on our side?
Mr. WILSON, If my colleague will allow me
to interrupt him, I would like him to state how
much money was paid to the Mississippi and Mis-
souri Railroad Company up to the time when
this report was made by the Secretary of War.
Mr. GRINNELL. X know that it was a very
small amount.
Mr. WILSON. Forty dollars and sixty-six
conta.
Mr. GRINNELL. But sincc that time they
have done work for the Government to the amount
of thousands and tens of thousands of dollars, and
will bo called on for much more.
Mr. WILSON. Has the Government paid any-
thing to that company, in addition to that sum,
since the House aeted upon the subject?
Mr. GRINNELL. I do not know how that is,
but 1 know that if the Government has not it
ought to have done so. It is but just and right
that it should have done so.
Mr. WILSON. Then I wish my colleague to
state whether he desires the officers of the Gov-
ernment to obey the law.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Chairman, I desire
that the Secretary of War shall follow the con-
struction of the law as made known to him by
his constitutional law advisers.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest to my colleague that
even the company does notquestion thiseonstiuc-
tion of the law, that their road is to be used fiee of
charge or of toll for this transposition. The only
point they make, and the only one which was
made to the Committee on the Judiciary, is that
while they have furnished the road the Govern-
ment should fmnish the roiling stock.
Mr. GRINNELL. Hon, John A. Dix 1*9 the
president of the road, and I am informed that he
made a proposition to the Government in regard
to the carrying of troops and munitions of war.
" Yes, gentlemen, here is the road; go and use it
—use it as much as you please.5' Then another
question arose, whether the Government should
furnish the lolling stock and the men to npeiate
it. There was the question. It was believed by
those whose duty it was to Interpret the law, u
was believed by the Secretary of War, it was 1ft-
lieved by the President of the United States, that
it was never contemplated, and that it would be
the grossest injustice to compel these roads to fur-
nish and work the rolling stock.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
Iowa whether the grant made to this comjSany
was in the same terms as that to the Illinois Cen-
tral railroad. Were the Illinois and Iowa rail-
road grants made in the same terms?
Mr. GRINNELL. I think that the wording
was the same, or nearly the same, for all the roads.
This is the point I make: it is not ray idea of
political economy in a time of great civil war to
take advantage of these useful and necessary rail-
road corporations. I do not believe in that kind
of economy. I regard it rather as injustice—a
wrong to those who have been and are now in
the service of the country as public carriers.
We have an interpretation of the law by the
Secretary of War, and we have an interpretation
by the President of the United States, and I am
willing to stand by that until we have an author-
ized decision to the contrary.
In my opinion the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Wasjiburne] has gone out of his way to declare
that our enemies abroad control the Illinois Cen-
tral railroad. I believe that his prejudices are so
strong that he has not taken the trouble to inquire
in regard to the stockholders of this road. 1 do
not think that he knows who they are. I am
assured that one of the best and most influential
friends this country has had abroad, 1 mean Rich-
ard Cobden,is one of the controlling directors and
a Very large stockholder in the Illinois Central
railroad. Why, sir, if we could give him a pres-
ent of millions for his labors in our behalf we
should not overpay him for what he has done
for us as a representative of our cause abroad.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois. Why, then,
does not the gentleman bring and put it upon that
ground ? Why not make a specific appropriation ?
Mr. GRINNELL. But I am notaloue; for the
intei pretation i have given of Richard Cobden
commends itself to every fair man. He deserves
much at our hands. IIis friendship was eai ly and
has been lasting, firm as the hills, and I am not
willing, connected as he is with this road, to
strike at hi-m and his friends unheard.
Mr. WILSON. There is one point I fear that
my colleague will forget, and I desire to call his
attention to it; that is, that during the first session
of the Thirty-Eighth Congress he voted for sev-
eral bills, one at least—the road upon the line of
which lie lives—conferring additional grants of
land, upon the express condition contained in the
Illinois Central Railroad grant; and that after the
House had taken this action, after this construc-
tion had been placed upon it, and after the House
had directed that this money should be recovered
by the Secretary of War from those companies.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
The committee then informally rose.
A message was received from the Senate by
Mr. Hickry, its Chief Clerk, notifying the House
that that body had passed a bill (S. No. 411) to
amend an act entitled <{ An act to incorporate the
Metropolitan Railroad Company of the Distnet
of Columbia,"in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House; that it had con-
curred in the following lesolution of the House:
Resolved, (the Sonato eoncimmg,) That the Committee
on Commerce on tin: pait of the Semite be joined to the
Committee on Cotnmeice on the part of* the llon-e in the
investigations in which h.iul Committee 011 Commeiee on
the pan of the Ilous-e ;ue now engaged, inutei re.-ohuioiis
of* the flou^e of Jatmaiy 20, JS6">, and Januaty 25, Jc'65, 111
repaid to trade with the States in tebellion, to constitute a
joint committee toi the pm po>e of completing ?«ud investi-
gations, ami that the "-aid joint committee have the same
powers as the Committee on Commeiee of the House now
has on tiie subject ot sud investigation;
and that it had appointed Mr. Trumbull teller,
on its pait, to count the electoral votes for Presi-
dent and Vice President of tiie United States.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. WILSON. I was remarking that my col-
league voted for those land grants containing pre-
cisely the same conditions that were contained in
other grants. I also voted for this grant, and 1
intend, while that lemams the law, to require those
companies to live up to the conditions of the grant
to winch they assented, and I shall not stand here
asking this appropriation of public money in
violation of that condition after Congress made
the grant upon the condition that the companies
should perform that service free of toll or charge.
Mr. GRINNELL. I was opposed to that con-
dition, and 1 stand by the vote I then gave. I do
not believe the interpretation which has been put
upon the condition is right,and if it is a right in-
terpretation I believe the enforcement of it now
would be wrong.
Mr. WILSON. Did not the gentleman vote
for the bill to which he refers?
Mr. GRINNELL. I voted for it, but I want
a fair interpretation of it.
Mr. WILSON. Has not that construction been
placed upon it by the House, and acted upon by
the Secretary of War?
Mr. GRINNELL. It has not been placed upon
it by the Senate; atid I propose to leave the law
there to take its course.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman tell me
what the construction of the law is ?
Mr. GRINNELL. My construction is this:
that under its provisions the land-grant roads aro
required to furnish the road. That they have fur-
nished, and if the Government wants to transport
troops and munitions of war, there are the roads,
and let it use them. The companies do not be-
lieve they are required to furnish the rolling stock
and operate it to such an extent as would lead to
their bankruptcy.
Mr. THAYER. If the gentleman will allow
me a little further, I desire to ask him whether the
language of the proviso which has been referred,
to does not in express terms require them to carry
for the Government troops and munitions of war
free of toll; and whether the word " cairy," or
any equivalent word will be answered by what he
now suggests as a substitute for it, to wit, that
they shall give the Government the privilege of
carrying?
Mr. GRINNELL. I will read the fourth sec-
tion of the act:
Jlnd be ii further enacted, That said lands hereby granted
to s.:ud Stale shall he subject to the di.-po-al ot the Lejn^la-
tine thereof for the pm po^os aforesaid, and noothei ; and the
said tail load and bi .inches shall be and remain a public high-
way for the Use of the Government of the Unit" d ^latej,
free from toils or other charges upon the traiispoitauon of
any property or troops of the United States.
il Free from charges or free from tolls." Run
your trains every hour, and no tolls can be col-
lected, none would be asked.
Mr. THAYER. Is the company willing that
the Government should take possession?
Mr. GRINNELL. Whether willing or not,
the Government can do it. But I'can answer the
gentleman in behalf of the Illinois Central Rail-
road Company. So far as this, I am told, they
are willing that the Government should take pos-
session of their road, rather than do all the Gov-
ernment woik without pay and trust to a gener-
ous and future action for their reward
Mr. THAYER. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman how, in his opinion, the conditions ot the
grant are to be performed by the company; how,
in other words, the United States is to £et the
consideration for the grant of the land. Now, I
suppose he will concede that those were not idlo
words; that the Govcrnmentof the United States
never intended to transfer those large and valua-
ble bodies of lands to these companies, and to
couple that transfer with a condition requiring
them to perform a certain service, and that they
did that without attaching any meaning to it. I
would like the gentleman to slate fiankly how lie
proposes that these companies shall perform their
contracts which they entered into with the Gov-
ernment of the United States when they received
these lands.
Mr. GRINNELL. I will answer the gentle-
man in all frankness. IJe asks how the Govern-
ment received a consideration for the grants. I
answer, by receiving double price upon each al-
ternate section of laud. The Government really
gave nothing:, while the country got much.
Mr. THAYER. Thegentleman misapprehends
my question. How does he propose that the con-
dition shall be executed by the companies, the
condition being that they shall carry Govern-
ment troops and munitions of warfipeof charge?
Mr. GRIN N ELL. The gentleman mistakes the
language of the section. That is not the condi-
tion; it was that all Government transportation
over their roads shall be free,
