1416
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
Ho.-244) entitled *' An act for the relief of Daniel
Fitzgerald and Jonathan Ball."
Mr. DAWES. I object.
Mr, JENCKES. I move to suspend the rules.
The motion was not agreed to.
E. W. BARBER.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, offered
the Following resolution; which was read, consid-
ered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House pay to E. W. Bar-
ber, assistant reading clerk, out of the contingent fund of
the House, such sum as may be necessary to give him the
fall amount of hid present annual compensation from the
commencement of the first session of the present Congress.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland, (at live minutes to
four o'clock a. m.) I move that the House take
a recess until nine o'clock.
The SPEAKER. The Chair feels it to be his
duty to statethat if the House takes a recess now
two of the appropriation bills will probably be
% lost.
The motion was disagreed to.
DISBURSING CLISRK OF THE HOUSE.
Mr. BROOMALL. 1 ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the safniy of the chief or disbursing clerk
of the House of Representatives he, and the same is hereby,
increased to $3,000 per annum, and that of the assistant djs-
buising clerk to $3,500 per annum, beginning with the pres-
ent Congress.
Objection was made.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of introducing that resolu-
tion.
Mr. GRINNELL. I do not yield for that pur-
pose.
CLERKS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I ask unan-
imous consent to submit the followingresolution:
Resolved, That the clerks of committees of this House,
not receiving an annual salary, shall be allowed a sum per
diem foi the lime actually employed, commencing with the
present session of Congress, equal to that allowed to clerks
of committees of the Senate.
Mr. FRANK objected.
SPEAKElt's TABLE.
Mr. GRINNELL moved to proceed to business
on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, moved to
take a recess for one hour.
The motion was disagreed to.
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
The House proceeded to the consideration of
business upon the Speaker's table.
The first business was Senate concurrent res-
olution requesting the President of the United
States to transmit to the Executives of the several
States the amendment proposed by Congress to
the Constitution of the United States, respecting
the extinction of slavery therein.
The House divided;and there were—ayes 54,
noes 38.
So the resolution was concurred in.
REBEL DEBT.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate concurrent resolution against any recog-
nition of the rebel debt or loan under any circum-
stances.
The resolution was concurred in.
DUTY ON PRINTING PAPER.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
House jointresolution No. 141,reducing the duty
on printing paper, unsized, used for books and
newspapers exclusively.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to con-
cur in the Senate amendment, and demanded the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment of the Senate was read, as fol-
lows:
Tli line four strikeout " tliree'1 and insert in lieu thereof
fifteen; so that it will read," there shall be levied, col-
lected, and paid a duty of fitteen per cent, ad valorem'."
The House divided; and there were—ayes 51,
noes 64.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken-, and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 53, nays 67, not voting 62; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Arnold, Ashley, Au-
gustus C. Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman, Blow, Boyd, Brooks,
James S. Brown, Cobb, Cole, Drnrgs, Eden, Eliot. English,
Garfield, Grinnell, Charles M. Hairis, lligby, Holman,
Hotehkiss, Asahel \V. Hubbaid, Ingersoll, Kasson, Kernan,
Loniryear, Mallory, Marcy, Samuel F. Miller, William H.
Miller, Morrison, Norton, Odell, Orth, Pomeroy, Price,
Pruvn, Iloss, Schenck, Scofield, Shannon, John B Steele,
Stuart, Townsend, Upson, Elihu B. Washburne, Webster,
Whaley, Wheeler, Williams, and Wilder—53.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Baily, John D. Bald-
win, Bliss, Boutwell, Broomall, Chanler, Freeman Clarke,
CofJroth, Cox, Cravens, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis,
Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Dixon, Edgerton, Eldridge,
Farnsworth, Fmck, Frank, Ganson, Gooeh, Grider, Gns-
wold, Hale, John H. Hubbard,Hulburd, William Johnson,
Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Le Blond, Long, Marvin. Mc-
Allister, McBride, McClurg,McKinney, Moorhead, Morrill,
Daniel Morris, James R. Morris, Amos Myers, Leonard
Myers, Noble, Chailes O'Neill, John O'Neill, Patterson,
Pendleton, Perham, Pike, Alexander H.Rice, JohnH. Rice,
Scott, Smithers, Steven^, Stiles, Strouse, Thayer, Tracy,
Voorheps, William B.Washburn, Chilton A.White, Wil-
son, Windom, Woodbridge, and Woithmgton—67.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Alien, Alley, Ames,
Anderson, Blaine, Blair, Brandcgec, William G. Brown,
Ambrose W. Clark, Clay, Dawson, Deming, Denison, Don-
nelly, Dumont, Eckley, Hall, Harding, Harrington, Ben-
jamin G. Harris, Herrlck, Hooper, Hutchins, Jenekes,
Philip Johnson, Julian, Kalbfieisch, Orlando Kellogg, King,
Knapp, Knox, Law, Lazear Littlejohn, Loan, McDowell,
Mclndoe, Middleton, Nelson, Perry, Radford, Samuel J.
Randall, William H. Randall, Robinson, Roger?, Edward
H. Rollins Jamfs S. Rollins, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr,
William G. Steele, Sweat, Thomas, Van Valkenburgh,
Wadsworth, Ward. Joseph W. White, Winfield, Benjamin
Wood, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—62.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the reso-
lution lie on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Upon that
motion I call the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 46, nays 63, not voting 73; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Baily, Bliss, Blow, Boutwell,
Broomall, Ambrose W. Clark, Creswell, Henry Winter
Davis, Thomas T.Davis, Dawes, Driggs, Eliot. Farnsworth,
Gooch, Guswold, Hale, Hall, Higby, John H. Hubbard,
Jeiiekes, Kelley, Francis VV. Kellogg, Marvin, McBride,
McClurg, Mooriiead, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers,Leonard
Myers, Norton, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Perham,
Pike, Alexander H. Rice. John H. Rice, Shannon, Smith-
ers, Stevens, Thayer, William B. Washburn, Whaley,
Woodbridge, and Worthington—46.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Allison, Ancona, Ar-
nold, Ashley, Baxter, Beaman, Boyd, Brooks, James S.
Brown, Chanler, Cobb,Cravens, Dixon, Eckley, Eden, Ed-
gerton, Eldridge, Finck, Ganson, Garfield, Grinnell, Charles
M. Ilairis, Acuhel W. Hubbard, Hulburd, Inger&oll, Wil-
liam Johnson, Kernan, Le Blond, Long, Longyear, Mal-
lory, Maiey, McKinney, James R. Morris, Morrison, Noble,
Odell, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Price, Pruyn, Samuel J.
Randall, Ross, Schenck, Scofield, Scott, John B. Steele,
Stiles, Strouse, Stuart, Townscnd, Tracy, Upson, Van
Valkenburgh, Voorhees, Elihu B. Washburne, Wheeler,
Chilton A. White, Williams, Wilder, Wilson, and Win-
dow—63.
NOT VOTJNG—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, An-
derson, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Blaine,
Blair, Brandegee, William G. Brown, Freeman Clarke,
Clay, CofJroth. Cole, Cox, Dawson, Deining, Denison, Don-
nelly, Dumont, English, Frank, Grider, Harding, Harring-
ton, Benjamin G. Harris, Hernck, Holman, Hooper, Hoteh-
kiss, Hutchins, Philip Johnson, Julian, Kalbfleisch, Kas-
pon, Orlando Kellogg, King, Knapp, Knox, Law, JLiazear,
Littlejohn, Loan, McAllister, McDowell, Mclndoe, Mid-
dieton, Samuel F. Miller, William H. Miller, Morrill, Nel-
son, Perry, Pomeroy, Radford, \VHhain H. Randall, Rob-
inson, Rogers, Edward H Rollins, James S.Rollins, Sloan,
Smith, Spalding, Starr, William G. Steele, Sweat, Thomas,
Wadsworth, Ward, Webster, Joseph W. White, Winfieid,
Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, and Yeaman—73.
So the resolution was not laid on the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
the House insist upon its disagreement, and ask
a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled an act of the following title; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 805) to repeal the eighth
section of an act entitled "An act in addition to
the several acts concerning commercial intercourse
between loyal and insurrectionary States, and to
provide for the collection of captured and aban-
doned property, and the prevention of frauds in
States declared in insurrection," approved July
2, 1864, and for other purposes.
ARJIY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. THAYER, from the committee of con- .
Terence on thedisagreeing-votesof the two Houses H
on the amendments to the bill (H. R. No. 683)
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year'ending the 30th of June, 1866,
reported that the committee, having met, after
full and free conference had been unable to agree.
The report was signed by Messrs. Thayer,
D. Morris, and Kernan,managers on the part of
t.he House; and by Messrs. Harris, Howe, and
Willey, managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. THAYER. The House will remember
that the disagreement between the two Houses
occurred upon the amendmentoftheSenate,strik-
ing out the proviso added to the bill by the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] in regard to the
Illinois Central railroad. The difference, Mr.
Speaker, in opinion upon this question seems to
me to be chieily a difference in the construction
of the law which is supposed to impose upon the
Illinois Central Railroad Company the duty of
transporting the troops and other property of the
United States over their road free of charge.
With a view to settling this disagreement in some
manner which will save the decision of this im-
portant question of law upon which the proviso
hinges, 1 will move that the House recede from
amen^nent to the Senate amendment, and
e Senate amendment with the following
led, That no money appropriated by this act shall be
the purpose of payinglhe Illinois Central Railroad
Company for the transportation of the property or troops
of the United States: Jlnd provided further, That in case
it shall be adjudged by the Supieme Court of the United
States that the Illinois Central Railroad Company are not
bound by the act of Congress, approved September 20,
1850, to transport the property and troops of the BFnited
States free of charge, then, and in that case, this provision
shall be null and void ; and for the purpose of enabhngthe
said company to obtain a judgment of the said court upon
the said question the said company are hereby authorized
to bring a suit against the United States in the circuit
court  >f the United States in the eighth circuit, to ic-
cover compensation for the transportation of any property
or troops of the United States carried by said company,
and the judgment of said circuit court of the United
States may be reviewed by the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States, upon appeal or writ of error, as now provided
by law in other cases; and the Attorney General of the
United States is hereby required to appear for the United
States in said suit, and defend its interest therein.
It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that this is a
question of so much importance, and involves
such largS interests to the Government, that we
should make at least one more effort to put the
question between the two Houses in a course of
adjudication. 1 do not think that this House,
unless it becomes absolutely necessary for the
safety of this important bill, should abandon an
attempt, at least, to enforce the contract which
this company voluntarily assumed when it ac-
cepted this grant of land. The amendment which
I have proposed in lieu of that which was stricken
out by the Senate is simply a provision that will
put this great and important question in a train
for final adjudication by the highest judicial tri-
bunal of the country. 1 cannot see that eitherof
the parties to this important controversy can,
with any degree of justice, object to this. And I
hope that before we abandon the assertion of
what I consider an important principle we will
at any rate make one more effort to secure the
interests and the rights of the Government as con-
templated when this grant was made.
Mr. KERNAN. I do not believe that the
adoption of this amendmentwould change the re-
sult in the committee of conference, and therefore
we should not lose time upon it. It seems to me
that unless we are to endanger the bill we should
have a vote as to whether the House will not re-
cede from its amendment. I do not think that
any further conference, so far as I can judge, will
reconcile the views of the two Houses on this
amendment.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled bills and joint res-
olutions of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 274) for the relief of John Hast-
ings, collector of the port of Pittsburg;
An act (S. No. 380) supplemental to the act
approved 1st July, 1864, for the disposal of coal
lands and of tov^n property on the public domain;
Joint resolution (S. No. 89) directing inquiry
into the condition of the Indian tribes, and their
treatment by the civil and military authorities; and
Joint resolution (S. No. 121) to purchase mail
