1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
651
Mr. THAYER. Does the gentleman propose
to surrender the roads to the United States in
order that they may transport the freights them-
selves?
Mr. GRINNELL. It has been proposed by
the railroad companies from the beginning to sur-
render their roads to the Government.
Mr,. THAYER. Then that is a different prop-
osition entirely.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask the gentleman from Iowa a question.
Mr. GRINNELL. In one moment; I wish to
answer the gentleman from Pennsylvania first.
There is this further consideration. In addition
to putting a double price on the alternate sections,
in the case of the Illinois Central railroad, seven
per cent, of the gross earnings of the corporation
go to the State of Illinois; and has not every por-
tion of the United States an interest in building
up a State so that we may tax it, so that there
may be population to bear the burdens of govern-
ment in peace and in war?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
ask my friend if he speaks for the Illinois Central
railroad here?
Mr. GRINNELL. I think if the gentleman
was a young member I should say he ought not
to ask me that question. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, it is a ques-
tion which is respectful to my friend from Iowa
and respectful to the House. I mean it in no of-
fensive sense, as a matter of course.
Mr. GRINNELL. I know but one person
connected with the Illinois Central railroad. I
do not know that anybody engaged the gentleman
to speak against the company, and I have as good
a right to ask him if he is employed to speak
against u.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did notask
if the gentleman was employed to speak for or
against it. The gentleman from Iowa undertook
to say that the Illinois Central railroad would do
so and so. I wanted to know from him whether
he was authorized to say that.
Mr. GRINNELL. I say that I have heard it
from the lips of an officer and one of high stand-
ing in the road, that they would rather surrender
the road.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. One word
more. The gentleman has spoken of the consid-
eration to the State of Illinois, the State receiving
seven per cent, of the gross earnings of the road
in lieu of taxation. That is what the gentleman
undertook to say. The gentleman probably does
not know another thing, that the railroad com-
pany is already arraigned before the Illinois Le-
gislature for its attempts to defraud the State of j
As just revenue by taxation; this charge, which
I see is made by a distinguished member of the
State senate, Mr. McConnell, the representative
of Morgan and Sangamore counties, is that the
company have retained the title of lands which
they have sold to settlers in their own name,giv-
ing a bond for a deed, thus depriving the State of
the power of taxing those lands.
Mr. PRUYN. 'What has that to do with the
merits of this question?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does the
gentleman desire to know?
Mr. PRUYN. I desire to know if it has any
pertinency to the question that we are consider-
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suppose it
has just as much pertinency on the one side as
upon the other.
Mr. PIIUYN. If that is the only reason my
question is answered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Iowa first mentioned it, and I ex-
plained it.
Mr. GRINNELL. This seven per cent, of the
gross earnings of the road is given to the State in
consideration of the taxation of the lands which
they give up. That meets the case exactly. Why,
sir, seven per cent, of tho gross earnings of that
great corporation amounts to millionsot dollars a
year, and the State receives that in lieu of a tax
upon lands that are fifty miles from a stick of tim-
ber and that never would ha\;e been occupied in
ibis 'feneration but foi the railroad.
Mr. HUBBAR.D, of Iowa, i wouldlike to ask
my colleague as to the quantity of land granted
to the Missouri and Mississippi Railroad Com-
pany, whether those lands are not worth from 0110
to two million dollars; and whether, therefore,
that railroad company cannot well afford to do all
the transportation that it is called upon to do for
the Government in consideration of its grant.
Mr. GRINNELL. 1 will answer my col-
league's question.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
from Iowa yield to me ?
Mr. GRINNELL. Yes, sir.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, the
State of Illinois receives seven per cent, of the
gross earnings of the road in lieu of a tax on the
road itself, not in lieu of a tax on the land. These
lands, of course, are subject to taxation as soo^
as they are sold. Every settler who obtains a
title to land is at once taxed by the State, as every
other proprietor of land in the State of Illinois is
taxed. Of course the tax of seven per cent,
amounts to a very large sum. I desire to ask a
question of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Thayer,] who seemsto insist that that pro-
vision of the statute requiring the road to remain
a public highway, and to be subject to the trans-
portation of Government troops and supplies, free
of charge, should be enforced. I understood him
to claim that these words also apply to the rolling
stock, engines, engineers, the men necessary to
load and unload the cars, and all that sort of thing.
Suppose the railroad company has not got the
rolling stock to perform all the work required by
the Government, does the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Tiiaver] understand the section
to require that the company shall go to work and
build an additional number of cars and employ
an additional number of hands?
Mr. GRINNELL. That is just the question
which I was going to ask.
Mr. THAYER. I will answer the question
very candidly. I suppose no lawyer can mistake
the meaning of the section for one moment. It
means that, to the extent of the ability of the com-
pany, to the extent of their car accommodations,
to the extent of their engine power, and of their
ordinary tunning ability, the company shall, at
all times, receive and transport the property of
the United States, in the language of the section,
"free from toil or other charge." What could
be more explicit, or wlyit could indicate more
clearly the intention of Congress, than the accu-
rate and precise terms in which this condition is
framed ? The committee will observe that the con-
dition states that" the said railroad and branches
shall be and lemain a public highway for the use
of the Government of the United States, free from
toll or other charge." Now, if this section had
ended there, there'would have been something in
the argument of the gentleman fiom Illinois, that
the Government of the United States, whenever it
wished to transport freight over tli is road, should
itself furnish facilities for the transportation.
But the gentleman only reads half the contract.
He stops at the material words which pin this
company. He would perform half the condition,
and strike out from the contract the words that
impose the remainder of the condition, because
the section adds to the words " free fiom toll"
the words " or other charge on the transportation
of any property or troops of the United States."
The law theietore declares, as plainly as language
can declare any thing, that this company shall not
only suffer the Government to have the use of its
road-bed free of toll, but that it shall also " trans-
poi t" the property or troops of the United States
free of charge. That is the plain meaning of the
words of the section. The last words, which are
superadded to the words prohibiting the charge
of toll, plainly indicate the intention of Congress
to impose upon the company the duty of trans-
portation without charge to the United Stales;
and I do not see how any one call read the sec-
tion with any other meaning.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. I would like to puta
supposed case to my friend from Pennsylvania.
1 understand from him that, in case of a sudden
emergency on the part of the Government for the
transportation of a large number of troops and a
large quantity uf supplies o\er this railroad,
greatei than the rolling stock of tho road could
accommodate, the company would he guilty ol a
violation of law and would be liable to tue for-
feiture of its charter, if it did not instantly put on
the road the rolling stock to perform this work.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Ohio. With the permission
of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Grinnell] I
would like to ask the gentleman fVom Illinois
[Mr. Farnsworth] a single question. I desire
to ask him how soon itwasaftertheGovernment
claimed to have its troops and munitions of war
transported without charge over this road-that
the road advertised the Government of its inten-
tion to charge for transportation. I ask theques-
tion in view of the construction put upon the
provision in question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not know.
Mr. PRUYN. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] whether he
has considered the reasons which the Secretary
of War and the President gave for the conclusion
to which they arrived, and for which they are
now arraigned on this floor.
Mr. THAYER. If the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Grinnell] will permit me to answer the
question of the gentleman from NewYork, [Mr.
PruYN,] I will state for his satisfaction that I have
not considered the reasons of the Secretary of
War or of the President of the United States.
They have not done me the honor to submit those
reasons to me. But let me add that I conceive
that the members of this House are quite as com-
petent to interpret their own laws as either the
Secretary of War or the President of the United
States. I am not to be told, ifl answer to the plain
meaning of the act of Congress, that it has not
that meaning because the Secretary of War, or,
as the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] has
said, the Solicitor of the War Department, puts
an interpretation upon it which Conflicts with my
ideas of common sense and plain English.
Now, if the gentleman will point me toadecis-
ion—I will not say of the highest judicial tribunal
of this country, but to the decision of any respect-
able judicial tribunal—-puttinga construction upon
this act of Congress different from that which I
say properly belong to its words, then he will bo
in a position to ask me why 1 hold the construc-
tion which I have assigned to it. But he does
not answer the argument which presses upon him
by asking mo whether 1 have considered tho rea-
sons of the Secretary of War. 1 he Secretai y of
War has no more right to give a construction
which shall bind this House than any private in-
dividual of thiscnuntry. Why should 1 goto the
Secretary of War, or to any other public function-
ary in this country, or to anybody but the judi-
cial tribunals of this country, to interpret a law
which is so plain that it requires no interpretation ?
Mr. PRUYN. I take no such position. I
simply asked the question of the gentleman.
Mr. GRINNELL. I think I must now resume
the floor for a few moments. In the. first place I
wish to answer the question of my colleague,
[Mr. Hobbard.] 1 le asks what these lands are
wmth which have been given to these railroads.
Undoubtedly, sir, they arc worth a large sum of
money. But I wish to ask htm, and that will
answer his question, what he supposes the stock
of those railroads is worth that is based upon the
cost of the l-oad and these land grants to aid in
the construction of railroads in Iowa and several
other States? These land-grant railroads have
never earned three per cent, npon their capital
stock, not one of them; and when this assault 13
made upon this great interest in the West, I make
the assertion that these railroads have never yet
earned three per cent, upon their cost. The stock
has only a nominal value. Gentlemen upon this
floor must have absolute knowledge upon this
subject, and I am the mure surprised at the harsh
conditions which they seek to impose.
What I object to is this forced interpretation,
this unreasonable interpretation of the law; this
oppression of those who now ill time of calam-
ity seem to be in our power; who arc now car-
rying our soldiers and munitions of war, as well
as thousands of tons of freight, wearing out their
rolling stock and their rails for a small compen-
sation. I object to this as unwise, since the State
of Illinois cannot well complain; and the States
of Michigan, Wisconsin, Iowa, Minnesota, Mis-
souri, and Kansas, will be unable to build another
mile of railroad m those States by land grants, if
the law receives any such interpretation as is pro-
posed to be given. I should not have made these
remaiks, as I will never defend monopoly or
extortion, but that I desire to repel the idea that
the proper course to carry a measure is to assail
somebody, to create a prejudice against some one,
and I refer especially to the remaiks of the gen-
