IHE.^CPMJRESSIOm^ GLOBE
Mif
pouches or boxes, of Marshall Smith 'spatent,for
tta postal service, and for other purposes.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, in myj
ment we have pursued this controversy as Ji
as it is profitable. The prpposed, legislation L
on a bill which ought to be free fronj any sor,t of
legislation that might endanger' its passage.' Id
myjudgment these provisos attached to appro-
priation bills are at all times objectionable, arid at
such a time as this more objectionable than at
any other. The proposition of the gentleman
■ from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] is to submit
this as a question of law to, be decided by the
courts. Technically the law may or may not be
on our side; but do we want a lawsuit of this
sort? Ought we not rather to permit the Execu-
tive Departments to do what is honorable and
just?
Now, Mr. Speaker, I submit to the judgment
of every member of the House whether, if he had
a contract of this kind with any of his neighbors,
he would feel that he could, in honor, enforce it.
I am not disposed to assert but that the law may
be on our side. But no one supposed at the
time of the grant to this railroad that we were to
have a war which would monopolize its whole
capacity and absorb its entire revenues in per-
forming the business of the Government. The
road can afford to be liberal with us,but we can-
not afford to pursue it and its stockholders re-
gardless of national reputation at home as well as
abroad. " It is the letter of the law that ltilleth
and <he spirit that niaketh alive." What we
ought to do in this case I am not quite prepared to
say. But to say that the managers of this road have
not evinced a spirit of fairness would be, I think,
Baying too much. They have allowed the entire
use of their property, and have furnished men, and
paid out their money, for the benefit of the Gov-
ernment. And yet they are willing to take one
third less than the Government is willing to pay
to any other road for similar services. Under
these circumstances I do not think that it is to our
credit to push this thing too far.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in regard to this matter,
unless we can have speedy action on this bill we
are certainly in some danger of losing the bill. It
is the Army bill, and ought to pass at once. I
shall move that the House recede from its dis-
agreement with the Senate. The judgmentof the
Senate is at least as much against the provision
a$ that of the House is for it. I hope it will be
believed on the part of all members of the House
that, whatever they may think of the merits of
the question itself, we have pushed the contro-
versy as far as it is profitable.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I had sup-
posed, Mr. Speaker, that when the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] offered this
proposition it would be received in a spirit of
compromise and without any objection from gen-
tlemen who have been opposed to the original
proposition of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Wilson.] The position that was taken was that
under the law this railroad company is entitled to
be paid. I did not suppose that anybody,par-
ticularly my friend on the Committee of Ways
and Means [Mr. Morrill] would come in and
present this railroad company in forma pauperis,
because I have shown to the gentleman from Ver-
mont that this company has made by the war
more than it would have made had there been no
war. I think this has been fully demonstrated
by me in remarks heretofore made by me on this
subject.
And now, sir, the only question for us to de-
cide is this : whether we shall have this question
fairly and justly adjudicated, that we may know
what are tne rights of the Government and what
are the rights of the road; and I would ask, ysrhat
is the objection to letting the courts pass upon
this question ? There is no force in the point
which the gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Mor-
rill] has urged, that we have not the time to con-
sider this matter now. We have yet seven hours
before this session closes. I have seen the most
important bills that could possibly be considered
by Congress settled by committees of conference
in the very last hours of the session. There cer-
tainly ought to be no doubt whatever that if we
adopt this provision presented by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] the Senate will
conotirin it. Let the House adopt this amend-
ment, and it will' settle the question not only in
regard to this road , but all the other roads. Let
me state to gentlemen in States which have land-
/grant roads that it is important to them to have
this question settled.
' It is proposed to settle this controversy by the
action of the judicial tribunals. I trust that this
House will not recede from its position; that this
railroad shall not be permitted to go into the Senate
of the United States and demand nearly a million
dollars before this appropriation bill should be
allowed to pass. That is what it amounts to.
This railroad goes there in the Senate and says,
" Unless you give us this bounty of so much
money, we will allow the bill to be defeated." I
trust the House is ready to vote upon this ques-
tion, and therefore I call the previous question.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Will the gentleman
withdraw that call for the present?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will do so.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I understandtheargu-
ment of my friend from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
bcrne] to rest upon two grounds. And it seems
to me that the first and most important one with
him is that when he travels between local stations
on the Illinois Central railroad they charge him
seven cents per mile. With that I have nothing
to do. It is a controversy, if my friend thinks
the charge too much, between himself and the
law of Illinois or the regulations of the railroad.
After that comes the proposition,as I under-
stand it, that the Illinois Central Railroad Com-
pany is making too much money, and hence we
ought to legislate in some way to prevent the
stockholders of that company, the more especially
as they are English stockholders, from making
so large a dividend. Sir, let me say to him and
to this House that had it not been for English
and German capital the railroads which now per-
meate the West and bring it within a stone's
throw, as it were, of the great commercial center
of this nation would never have been built. It
is to foreign capital that we are indebted/or the
great degree of success and prosperity which
those roads have now realized, and because they
have realized that success, and because the ques-
tion is settled, so far as these railroads already
built are concerned, my friend from Illinois [Mr.
Washburne] comes here anifsaysthat inasmuch
as this Illinois Central railroad is owned by gen-
tlemen belonging to a nation which arms, mans,
and sends out ships against us—and I am sorry
to say that is the case—we should be unjust to
the road which they own, so far as they have an
interest in it.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask my colleague
[Mr. Woodbridge] if he supposes it would preju-
dice the road if it were a fact known to this House
that it was owned to some extent by foreign bond-
holders—such men as Richard Cobden and John
Bright among them ?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. There is no man who
admires Richard Cobden and John Bright more
than 1 do. But allow me to say the argument, it
seems to me the ad caplandum argument, of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washborne] has
been that the men who own this road were Brit-
ish capitalists; hence we, as citizens of free Amer-
ica, should do what we could to injure their in-
terests. That is the only inference that can be
drawn from the argument which the gentleman
used upon the floor of this House yesterday, or
when this bill was under consideration.
Now, sir, the proposition is to leave this to a
court of law; that is the proposition. It comes
from my legal friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Thayer,] a man whom I admire for his legal
learning and ability. But let us look and see how
we, as the American 'people, will stand should
we adopt a proposition of that character. As a
lawyer, and construing the contract between the
Government and this railroad company upon pure
and simple law, I might possibly agree with the
gentleman, and say that when it came before the
court, and is subjected to a pure legal construc-
tion, it might woik just the result which my friend
from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] desires. But
the whole question is within the American Con-
gress. We do not sit here as mere lawgivers;
we do not sit here as mere arbitrators between
the people and the strict rules of law. I hope,
sir, that we sit here for the purpose of doing jus-
tice; and I submit that the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania'.is not fra'ught with the
spirit which should characterize otfr legislation;5
Mr. SM1THERS. If my frieiid frdtn Ver-
mont will allow me1, I'disire to ask him Vhether
there is any principle of equity which allovtrs one'
party-te' enjoy the advantages of a grant while
withholding from the other party thfe considera-  
tion which' was the inducement to that grant:
Mr. JVOODBRIDGE. I will' answer "that'-
question by and by. 1
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's five min-
utes hstve expired.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. All I have to say is
simply this: that, doing equity between the Gov-
ernment and this railroad company, it is impos-
sible for us to adopt the proposition of the gen-
tlejfnan from Pennsylvania; and, doing equity, it
is quite preposterous for us, notwithstanding the -
obligation resting upon that company, to say
that we will not pay whatever may be right for
the transportation of troops and munitions of war
over that road. I Wish that I had time to eluci-
date my proposition; but I must conclude.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker,I mustexpress
my surprise that the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Woodbridge,] who was so swift to pro-
nounce my proposition an absurdity, should have
presented to this House an argumentof the char-
acter of that which he has advanced. Sir, he
has yielded the whole question which has been
in issue between the parties to this controversy.
This matter, when it was previously before the
House, was discussed as a question of law; and
the gentleman from Illinois, upon my left, [Mr.
Farnsworth,] who made an able argument on
the side of the company,put their case upon what*
he alleged to be a legal construction of the act
making this grant. Now,sir, the gentleman from
Vermont says that he might agree with me that
the law is on the side of the Government; but
he makes an appeal to the House in behalf of
what he calls "equity." Well, sir, if this com-
pany come here begging mercy at the hands of
the Government, begging to be released from the
contract into which they deliberately entered,
they place themselves in an attitude quite differ-
ent from that in which the advocates of the com-
pany presented them when this question waspre-
viously before the House.
But wherein consists the absurdity of my prop-
osition? If the gentleman admits that the com-
pany have a just claim to the hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars which are being paid to them, as
we say, without warrant of law; if th® company
deny they are liable to this obligation, and I pre-
sent to the House, as I have presented, a simple
method for the settlement of this question of law,
wherein is the absurdity of the proposition ? Iam
astonished that a gentleman who was so swift to
make such an assertion should have attempted
to sustain it by so weak an argument.
What injustice is proposed by the proposition
I have put before the House? On the one hand,
this company deny their legal responsibility; on
the other, it is alleged that they are subject to that
responsibility. On that point a disagreement has
arisen between the two Houses. The proposi-
tion which I have made by way of amendment
puts this legal question upon which the parties
differ in train for judicial settlement. Why should
not that question be thus settled? If this com-
pany are not liable, if they are pronounced by
the Supreme Court to be not liable, they escape
from the burden which we say was imposed upon
them by the act which they accepted. If, on the
contrary, they do rest under this obligation, why
should they not discharge it? The gentleman
says that they should not discharge it because of
some vague theory of equity which he sets up.
Sir, when this company shall come to this Houso
with a,claim founded upon any principles of
equity, and asking exemption from an admitted
liability, I for one, will vote to extend to them
every facility for the deliberate examination and
decision of their case. But I am opposed to ex-
tending this treatment to a company who deny the
legal responsibility which they once assumed. Sir,
they have no right to occupy this double ground.
If ihey would admit their liability and throw them-
selves upon the generosity of the Government,
we could understand their position,andcoulddeal
with them accordingly. *
Mr. WASH BURN E, of Illinois, demanded the
previous question.
