652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 7,
tlemanfrom Illinois [Mr. Washburne] when he
sought to create a prejudice in this House against
a company because its stock is held across the
ocean." I especially wish to demur, when the
capitalists, the great friends of the enterprise, es-
pecially the Illinois Central railroads have been
not only the great friends of theGovernment but
the powerful friends of the enterprise he now de-
nounces. I do not say that those men are to a
fault generous, but will say that I believe the
State of Illinois has made hundreds of millions of
dollars by the investment of foreign capital in that
State, by building its railways, and I do not pro-
pose to go back to frown down or degrade such gen-
tlemen as Richard Cobden and his associates, who
are our friends to-day as they have always been.
I do not propose to grind under my heel as a 1c-
gislatorthose who have put their money into our
western railroads, which have made our lands
valuable, and have built up commerce and trade
among us, and are doing the country a real good
by their unremunerative investments. I do not
mean to be a party to crushing them when they
are not getting three per ccnt. upon their invest-
ments.
I understood the gentleman to doubt whether
this Illinois Central Railroad Company would
like to give up its railroad to the Government. If
it is to be a military railroad, and if it is to carry
everything for the Army and the soldiers, then
they can go to hisown town, Galena, where they
can buy oats for forty or fifty cents a bushel and
have a train ten miles long or less if necessary,
saving expense to the Government, to take them
down to our soldiers at Cairo.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would in-
form my friend from Iowa, [Mr. Grinnrll,] that
our western soldiers are not fed on oats. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. GRINNELL. I should have said cav-
alry,as it so happens that many of their soldiers
have horses that need the grain. I wish to con-
clude by saying that 1 am confident this legisla-
tion will bo destructive to our best interests in the
now States. I believe it is out of place, and 1 re-
gret that my colleague [Mr. Wilson] has seen
fit to introduce such a proposition here on an ap-
propriation bill. 1 believe it is oppressive, and
that it will not as a just measure stand the test
of time. I believe it is a wrong toward those
who have invested their money in our enterprises
and who are now contemplating further invest-
ments which promise to extend our roads and
unite ua to the rich and far West.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, I rise for the
purpose of making a five-minutes spcech, and
then I shall ask that the debate be closed. I think
that this discussion has been very discursive, not
very logical, nor very close to the mark. All that
has been said might, I think, have been said in
half an hour.
Mr, OA VIS, of Now York. Will the gentle-
man yield to me for a few moments?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. Mr. Chairman, it
seems to me that, in the discussion of this ques-
tion wo have lost Sight of one great principle
which should guide us in its decision. I think it
is due to the parties interested in this question and
to the country, that we, as an American Congress,
should look atthe position which the Government
and this company relatively occupied at the time
when they entered into that contract by which
the Government granted and the company ac-
cepted this donation of land. Whatever duties the
parties believed that contract imposed upon them
they me bound to perform; whatever contingen-
cies or circumstances were contemplated by the
parties they arc bound to abide by. But I sub-
mit to this House and the country that when that
contract was entered into, neither party under-
stood that such a contingency as has arisen would
arise. Neither party understood that this Gov-
ernment would make a demand upon the resources
and transpoi tation of that company beyond any-
thing in their power to place upon their road. A
new circumstance has arisen; a new condition has
sprung into existence; and in view of this fact I
say equity demands that we should step forward
and give a compensation in accordance with the
new condition of tilings. I affirm here that not
a land-grant railroad company in the United States
ever accepted a grant from Congress with the un-
derstanding tluu, in a tune of war, when wcliad
two million men in the field, when the resources
of every company were taxed beyond its capacity,
that company was to go on and furnish transporta-
tion for munitions of war, for troops,for freight,
without charge to the Government or compensa-
tion for the service.
Mr. WILSON.- The gentleman from New
York will allow me to say that the Hannibal and
St. Joseph Railroad Company and the Pacific
Railroad Company in Missouri did regard this
obligation; and they applied to Congress for re-
lief on the ground that their roads had been de~
sti-oyed by guerrillas; and Congress did extend
^relief. Both those companies regarded this ob-
ligation as binding upon them. Now, sir, if the
gentleman from New York or any other member
of the House will introduce a bill to relieve these
companies from the obligations into which they
have entered, we shall then have presented to us
a very different question from that which we are
now considering, which is merely, shall we en-
force the law as it now exists until it shall be
changed by Congress?
Mr. STEVENS'. I agree with the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Davis] that we have gone
wide of the mark, and I think that he has gone a
little wider than the rest, for he proposes abso-
lutely to violate the law. He says that inasmuch
as, when this law was passed, we had no civil war,
therefore—although no exception was inserted in
the contract; although there was no provision that
civil war should operate as an abrogation of the
obligation—we are bound as honest men not to
insist on the performance of the contract. Why,
sir, what sort of war was contemplated when this
law was passed ? Was itexpected that we should
transport munitions of war through Illinois to
protect the Canadian border? With what partic-
ular nation was war contemplated? Not with
France, because it was not expected that we
should transport troops along that road to attack
France. Not with England,for the road did not
reach to England. What war, then, was in con-
templation when it was provided that troops and
munitions of war should be transported without
chargc? Why, any war, any disturbance, any
insurrection, any civil war which required an in-
terior road to transport troops and munitions of
war along it. The provision can have no other
sensible interpretation. It cannot apply to any
other condition of things. Unless we adopt this
construction the Government can never get any
return for its grant to this company.
It is plain that, when this grant of land was
made, it was a general grant upon a general con-
dition. This grant of hundreds of thousands of
acres was made upon what condition? That the
company should build the road; that they should
stock it, and operate it. None but that company
had the right to put rolling stock upon it. The
right to construct, and stock, and operate the road
was granted exclusively to this company. For
anybody to attempt to interfere with their pre-
rogative of constructing, stocking, and operating
the road would have been an absolute violation
of the charter,and an outrage upon the rights of
this company.
Just so with the Government. It made this
grant of land for a consideration, and that con-
sideration was that m time of war its troops and
munitions should be transported free of toll or
other charge by this road. Who is there sense-
less enough not to see that the Government was
not only to use the road but also to use the rolling
stock of the road ? For that grant of lands we had
not only the right to the use of this road, but to
the roiling stock of the road. It is not too much
to ask for the munificent grant of lands made by
the Government. I know that we are told that
thorn is the road, and that we are at liberty to use
it, but that we must put upon it our own rolling
stock. I know that we are told that there will be
no charge for the use of this road. The trans-
poitation was to be free of toll or other charge.
What are the other charges? What was meant
except charges for freight and transportation?
Mr. Chairman,! remember that in 1850, when
this law was passed, I took objection to it, and
suggested that the Government would notget the
value for the grant of lands; that it would not
ffotthe proposed transportation of troops and mu-
nitionsof war free of charge. I recollect that my
language was offensive to an honorable member
from Massachusetts, (Robert Rantoul,) who said
that the imputation was unjust, and that there
never would be a time when the Government
would not have that transportation free of charge
according to the law. I remember afterward hav-
ing seen a statement, made by authority of the
railroad company, setting forth the value of those
lands, and that it was shown that, after building
the road without costing the stockholders one
cent, there would be a surplus from these lands
for the stockholders of over thirty million dollars.
Mr. PRUYN. Is the gentleman aware that,
with these advantages and development of this
road, gentlemen living abroad who have invested
money in this road cannot now get more than
fifty cents on the dollar?
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman knows that
you cannot now get more than forty dollars in
gold for a $100 bond of the United States, which
is one of the best securities in the world; and
what has that to do with the matter except to
show that the gold gamblers have deluded us,
and that we have not sense enough to confound
them?
When interrupted I was saying that the stock-
holders of that road had from these lands a sur-
plus of $30,000,000, although they had not ex-
pended out of their own pockets one dollar upon
the construction of the road. 1 predicted all this
in 3850. If the company says that it has made
a bad bargain an'd wants to be relieved, perhaps
we may relieve it.
I move that the committee rise, to close this
debate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr Rollins, of New Hamp-
shire, reported that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, having had under con-
sideration the special order, the bill (H. R. No.
688) making appropriations for the construction,
preservation, and repair of certain fortifications
and other works of defense for the year ending the
30th June, 1866, had directed him to report the
same back with an amendment; and also having
had under consideration the Army appropriation
bill, had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I now call the previous ques-
tion upon the fortification appropriation bill and
amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment of the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union was concurred in, and
the bill as amended was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STEVEN'S moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN CLAIMS.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior,
asking an appropriation to complete the payment
ofccrtain Indian claims; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and oidered to
be printed.
TAX BILL.
Mr. BROOKS moved that three,times the or-
dinary number of the tax bill be printed for the
use of the House; which, under the law, was le-
ferred to the Committee on Printing.
TELLERS TO COUNT ELECTORAL VOTES.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Wilson"
and Dawson as tellers on the part of the House
to count the electoral votes for President and Vice
President of the United States.
ARMY APPROPRIATION BILL AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS moved that general debate in
Committeeof the Whole on the stateof the Union
on the Army appropriation bill he closed in one
minute after its consideration shall be resumed.
The motion was agieed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union
on the Army appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into the
Committee of the Whole on ^hc state of the Union,
(Mr. Rollins, of New Hampshire, in the chair,)
