1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
1419
merits disagreed to by the House, and agree to
the committee 'of conference asked for by the
House, on the joint resolution (H. R. No. 141)
reducing the duties on printing paper, unsized,
used for books and newspapers exclusively; and
had appointed Messrs. Howe, Anthony, and
Lane of Kansas, as such committee on the part
of the Senate.
ELLIS NORRIS.
Mr. WHALEY, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Invalid Pensions
a bill for the relief of Ellis Norris; which was
read a first and second time by its title.
The bill, which was read,directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Ellis Norris,
of Barnstable, Massachusetts, upon the pension
roll, at the rate of eight dollars per month from
the 15th of April, 1864.
The bill was ordered to be- engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WHALEY moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ANNA E. WARD.
Mr. WHALEY, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Invalid Pensions
a bill for the relief of Anna E. Ward, widow of
Lieutenant Joseph D. Ward; which was read a
first and second time by its title.
The bjll, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Anna E.
Ward, widow of Joseph D. Ward, lieutenant of
the second regiment of Kentucky volunteers, who
died of wounds received in the battle of Buena
"Vista, Mcxico, February 23,1847, on the pension
roll from the 4th of February, 1865, at the rate of
seventeen dollars a month during hernatural life,
or widowhood, and in case of her marriage or
death the same to be paid to her children until the
youngest reaches the age of sixteen years.
Mr. PRICE. I move that the further consid-
eration of the bill be postponed until the second
Tuesday of December next.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 understand the bill provides
that the pension shall cease whan the youngest
child shall attain the age of sixteen. But the man
died in 1847, some eighteen years ago. Accord-
ing to that the pension would have ceased two
years ago.
The SPEAKER. The bill states that the
wounds were received in 1847, but does not state
when the man died.
Mr. W HALEY. I will say to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that the case will have to stand
or fall upon the report in the case. I demand the
previous question.
The pievious question was seconded, and the
main question ordered to be put.
The first question being on the motion to post-
pone,
Mr. PRICE called forteHers.
Tellers were ordered;and Messrs. Whaley and
Price were appointed.
The House divided;and the tellers reported—
ayes fourteen, noes not counted.
So the bill was not postponed.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WHALEY moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 600)
for the better organization of the subsistence de-
partment; when the Speaker signed the same.
MARY A. MILLINGER.
Mr. WHALEY, by unanimous consent, re-
Eorted from the Committee on Invalid Pensions a
ill for the relief of Mary A. Millinger, widow of
Christian B; Millinger; which was read a firstand
second time by its title.
The bill, which was read,directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Mary A. Mil-
linger, widow of Christian B. Millinger, captain
of company I, eleventh regiment Iowa volunteers,
on the pension roll, at the rate of twenty dollars
a month, from the 20th of March, 1864, to con-
tinue during her widowhood; and in case of her
death the same to be paid to her children until
the youngest shall have reached the age of sixteen
years.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed,it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WHALEY moved that the vote by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CATHERINE MOCK.
Mr. WHALEY, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Invalid Pensions a
bill for the relief of Catherine Mock, widow of
W. H. Mock; which was read a first and second
time by its title.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place the name of Catherine
Mock, widow of ordnance sergeant W. H.Mock,
on the pension roll at the rate of eight dollars a
month from the 25th day of January, 1862, to
continue during the period of her natural life or
widowhood.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time; and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WHALEY moved that the vote-by which
the bill was passed be reconsidered; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I would inquire whether these
bills which the gentleman from West Virginia
has reported have been examined by the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. WHALEY. Informally. I have failed
to get a quorum of the committee together.
Mr. PERHAM. I think I ought to say, as
one of the committee, that I know nothing of
these cases. I understand that some members of
the committee have examined them, I believe I
have attended all the meetings of the committee,
but I know nothing about them, whether these
bills are right or wrong.
Mr. ODELL. Is it in order to move to recon-
sider the votes by which these pension bills have
just been passed ?
The SPEAKER. That motion would be in
order.
Mr. WHALEY. 1 have not reported these
bills as having been acted on by the committee as
a committee; but 1 said I was authorized by the
committee to report them. I stated in reply to
gentlemen that 1 was authorized to report them by
a majority of the committee. The reports can be
read, and the House can judge of the merits of
these bills.
Mr. PERHAM. Were they examined in the
room of the committee, or somewhere else?
Mr. WHALEY. The gentleman, as a mem-
ber of the committee, is aware that we have failed
to get a quorum of that committee for nearly a
month. These bills were not considered in the
committee-room. It was not my fault, for I have
given, from time to time, notice to members to
appear there.
• Mr. PERHAM. I think I ought to state far-
ther that I was informed a few days ago by the
chairman of the committee [Mr. Whaley] that
he had such reports made out, and I told him
that if he would bring them around to me I would
examine them.
Mr. WHALEY. 1 have been three different
times to the desk of the member, and could not
find him there.
Mr. PERHAM. I believe I have been in my
seat as constantly as almost any other member.
Mr. ODELL. If it be in order, I move to re-
consider the votes by which the House passed the
bills reported by the chairman of the Committee
on Pensions, [Mr. Whaley.] I did not act in-
telligibly upon the subject, for I supposed it was
the unanimous action of the Committee on Pen-
sions, and 1 think gentlemen all around me were
of the same opinion.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope the motion of the
gentleman from New York [Mr.Odell] will not
prevail. 1 have listened very • attentivejy to the
report of the Committee on Pensions, and-I- am
satisfied its chairman [Mr. Whaley] has ex-
amined these claims in reference to the interests of
the Government as well as the interests of the
claimants; and I am convinced we would be doing
gross injustice by reconsidering our vote as pro-
posed by this motion. In"Bupport of the report
of the chairman of this committee, and in support
of the position I assume, I ask the Clerk to reaA
what I now send to the desk.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" Child of the patriotic dead,
A nation's hand rests on tliy head;
A nation's heart beats close to thine,
The country loudly calls thee' mine!'
u On battle-fields, as death's cold chill
Steals o'er the heart, the patriot's wili
Gives up, upon that blood-stained sod,
His child to country and to God.
" What legacy so rich ? Who loved bo well
As these—bequeathed 'mid shot and shell—
The flesh and blood of him who bore
A freeman's flag on southern shore ?
" Remembered be thy father's grave,
Remembered all he died to save ;
And welcome to our hearts and home
The babes he cherished as his own.
" How base the heart, how lost to shame,
That calls thee by a pauper's name;
That, grudging, lias an alms to give
For those who died that we might live!
" Nay, dear one, think not this shall be
The kindness we'wili show to tjiee;
Cut gatiier round the homestead board
With every blessing bounteous stored.
" The memory of thy father's deeds
Entwined with all tliy wants and needs,
Makes all we do but sweet employ,
And gives each heart a lasting joy.
" Ciose to our hearts, ye noble band ;
Yours, for a heritage, this princely land;
In thanks, a nation, with its care,
Wili watch and guard you everywhere."
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. To whom are those versea
addressed ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. To the members of the
Thirty-Eighth Congress by one who has some
sympathy for those who have suffered in our
country's cause.
In quick succession we passenrollmentbill after
enrollment bill, in order to draft the husband and
father into the military service; and while we are
doing that I insist we shall not be indifferent to
the claims of their widows and orphans to our
protection and gratitude. These war-stricken
relicts of the heroic dead should not be turned
away from these Halls to proclaim to the world
that republics are, indeed, ungrateful. To say
that we make such ample provisions for the im-
molation of their husbands upon their country's
altars, and so tardy and so inadequate relief for
their widows in their time of bereavement, is no
compliment to ourselves. 1 recognize the justice
of the claims which these living monuments of
the heroism and patriotism of their dead husbands
and fathers have upon us; and 1 imploreand warn
the House not to disregard them. And, when
the chairman of the Pension Committee reports
in favor of allowing the small pittance of eight
dollarsa month to these war-afflicted ones, itpains
me to the heart to hear a Representative of a patri-
otic people object to its consideration, ormoveits
postponement, (which, when understood, means
forever.) It becomes us to look after our widows
and orphans, and see that their claims upon us
are acknowledged and adjusted.
Mr. COX. Whom docs the gentleman mean
by "our widows?"
Mr. INGERSOLL. "Our widows"arc those
who have said to their husbands, " Go and fight
for liberty and the integrity of our country;" they
are those whose husbands fill soldiers' graves at
Antietam, Chancellorsville, Gettysburg, Vicks-
burg, Mission Ridge,Shiloh,anda hundred other
ensanguined fields of this war. "Our widows"
are those who have been bereft of all that is dear
to them in life'by this storm of war, and have thus
been doomed to a life of suffering and desolation.
These are "our widows," and 1 insist they shall
not be neglected by the Government.
Mr. COX. That explanation is perfectly sat-
isfactory. _ . *
Mr. INGERSOLL. If weexpect to maintain
that enthusiasm which has given us brave men
for our armies, and success to our efforts to crush
