1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Q5&)
worth of stamps have the whole of them paid to
him; and after all he has no stamps canceled; he
lias just as many to return and just as many to
account for, and no more, than" he had before.
Still you have to rely upon his account of how
much money he got for these boxes. And so it
is with regard to all the other things mentioned
in this section.
Mr. FARWELL. If the Senator will allow
mo I should like to make one suggestion to him.
1 perceive ihe tendency of this section, and cer-
tainly it will be plain to every Senator it would be
a good section if it could be carried out. Now, I
suggest to the Senator whether, if the postmaster
was required to cancel the stamps paid in for such
purpose in the presence of the man who pays
him, it would not carry out the intention of the
section and protect the Government?
Mr. COLLAMER. There is no security about
what the man paid. The Department docs not
know who pays the box rents or who does not.
Whom are we to call upon for any check upon
htm one way or the other? The committee con-
sidered this section at large; but they could not
see how, practically, it could simplify accounts,
and they directed me to call upon and have acon-
ference with the head of the Department about it.
I did so, and suggested to him our difficulty about
it; that we did not see what practical effect the
section would have; that the Department would
still have to depend on accounts about those things.
After a full discussion, and on conference with
his Assistants, he said it would not simplify them;
that really it would not effect the purpose at all;
and he did not wish it preserved. He entertain-
ing the same view that the committee did about
it, the committee recommended that the first sec-
tion be stricken out. That is all I desire to say
about that section.
1 will proceed with the other sections if any
gentleman wishes it; if not 
Mr. HALE. If the Senator from Vermont will
allow me a moment, he will recollect that when
some debate took place on the post office bill
which was passed at the last session, the Post-
master General was present, and I believe had
some consultation with the honorable chairman
backwaid and forward 
Mr. COLLAMER. 1 recollect what he said
to you.
Mr. HALE. He did not say anything to me;
but I want to ask the chairman if, practically, the
predictions and anticipations of the Postmaster
General in regard to the operation of that meas-
ure have been realized, or have they failed ?
Mr. COLLAMER. When we come to the
section of this bill which relates to that subject I
will state how it is as well as 1 know.
Gentlemen seem to desire that I should explain
these different sections; and as they may not all
have read the report and letter on which theyare
founded, I will endeavor to do it. If gentlemen
desire it, of course they will attend to it.
The second section is to carry out the principle
of requiring all letters to be prepaid. That is the
principle on which we started, and which we de-
sire to carry into effect. This section provides
that if a man deposits a letter without prepay-
ment by stamp, it shall be returned to him. If the
postmaster can ascertain who wrote it or knows
who wrote it, he is to return it to the writer for
that reason; and if he cannot ascertain without
opening the letter, he need not keep it till the end
of the quarter and then tiansmit it to the dead
letter office here to be opened, as the law now
requires, but he may open it,ascertain who wrote
it, and send it back to the writer without its hav-
ing to go around the circuit of the dead letter
office.
Mr. CLARK. 1 desire to ask the Senator, if
he will permit me, whether some other provision,
such as advertising, or something of that kind,
may not be adopted for returning those letters
instead of opening them. I do not like allowing
them to be opened in this way.
Mr. COLLAMER. They are opened now.
Mr. CLARK. Here at the dead letter office;
but I do not quite like to allow them to be opened
by all the postmasters about the country.
Mr. COLLAMER. That section is left by the
committee unaltered, just as the Department de-
sired it; and the committee were reconciled to it,
•after some considerable debate, from the consid-
eration that the unpaid letters now go to the dead
letter office and are there opened, and it will be
much more expeditious to let them be opened on
the spot and given back at once to the men who
deposit them, and there is no more exposure.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will pardon me;
I think there is a great deal more exposure in one
view; that is, it acquaints all the postmasters in
the neighborhood what the people about them
are writing, instead of sending the letters here
where the parties are not supposed to know the
writers personally.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is the simplest thing in
the world to stop all that by just putting a stamp
on a letter. If the writer prepays his letter it can-
not be opened. There is no occasion of a man
getting into difficulty or in any sort of danger
except by his own inattention and neglect; if he
will just stamp his letter there is the end of it.
The third section is an attempt to secure the
prepayment of all printed matter. There is some
difficulty in the practical working of the present
system. Papers are now sent from the publishers
through the post offices without prepayment, the
arrangement being that the postage shall be col-
lected by the quarter at the office ofdehvory; but
in point of fact it is not all collected; a large amount
of it remains uncollected; it is lost as revenue to
the Department. It is therefore desirable to se-
cure a prepayment of the printed matter as well as
of the letters, and this section is drawn with a
view to that. It provides that from and after Jan-
uary 3, 1866, so as to give time to make all the
arrangement for that purpose, printed mattershall
be prepaid. Jt does not say that it shall be pre-
paid by postage stamps; that is not the provision ;
but it shall be prepaid m such manner as the regu-
lations made by the Department shall order and
direct. It is probably impracticable to secure pre-
payment of postage on newspapers by postage
stamps. Take a large edition of a daily paper, say
the New York Herald, if you please, which every
day distributes pel haps a hundred thousand cop-
ies, but I will say fifty thousand. They always
dehsy the issuing of the paper as late as they
can, so as to put in*the last news. Tji.ey just
allow time enough to wiap and direct the papers
when they close their press, and then get them
into the post office wrapped and directed. Jf each
of these wrappers is to have a stamp put upon it,
and that stamp is to be canceled, the papers will
not get off that day, for it would require a new
manipulation of each paper. This would be im-
piacticable without delaying the sending off the
paper until the day after publication. The sec-
tion, therefore, provides that the manner of doing
it shall be left to arrangements by the Postmaster
General, and the remainder of this year is allowed
to make these arrangements. Of couise he wi|l
make them after consultation with the publishers
as to the best way, either by weighing the papers,
or by requiring a return under oath of the extent
of their distribution, and having access to their
books for the purpose of verifying their return.
The regulations will be arranged by the Postmas-
ter General, as I am assured by him, on consulta-
tion with the publishers, and in such a manner
as to make it easy and piacticable. The prepay-
ment of printed matter is a very great object to
effect, and the Postmaster General entertains no
doubt that it is entirely practicable without the
use of postage stamps, and that he can make reg-
ulations to carry it into effect.
Mr. HOWE. Let me inquire ofthe chairman
of the Post Office Committee if it is not practica-
ble to make these arrangements by the 1st of July?
Mr. COLLAMER. He prefers to have a year
to do it in.
Mr. HOWE. If the arrangements were made
by the 1st of July we might know something of
their operation by the next session of Congress.
Mr. COLLAMER. The truth is that if you
require the prepayment of pDstage, the publisher
will add the amount to the price of the paper, and
the subscriptions for papers almost universally
commence with January, and the Postmaster Gen-
eral wants to commence with January. For that
reason January is put in.
Mr. HALE. I would inquire fiom the chair-
man whether it would suit his convenience better,
if there are any amendments to be proposed to the
sections, to have them suggested as he goes along
now, or wait until he gets through.
Mr. COLLAMEP-.. The fuct'ia that the com-
mittee have rccomuended amendments which
have not yet been read, and I want thoBe,amend-}
ments first passed upon. They may covcr what
the Senator wants. I think the usual course had
better be taken about it.
Mr. HALE. Very well.
Mr. COLLAMER. I come next to section
four.
Mr. TRUMBULL, I should like to make an
inquiry in regard to section three before the Sen-
ator passes from it; it may save time hereafter.
I desire to know if it is not practicable to fix in
the law the regulation by winch postage is to be
prepaid on printed matter. One of the news-
paper publishers of the country has written to
me, and objects to this provision because it leaves
it discretionary with the Postmaster General.
He says one Postmaster General may adopt one
set of rules, and another another, and the pub-
lishers are at the mercy of the Postmaster Gen-
eral in regard to it. Why not fix the matter by-
law? Let them know what they are required to
do, and then there will be some certainty.
Mr. COLLAMER. The Senator had the good-
ness to hand mc that letter, and I showed it to
the Postmaster General and had a consultation
on the subject. It is a matter which has not been
overlooked. The difficulty of undertaking to pie-
scribe by law the manner of doing it I have al-
ready suggested to the Senate when I spoke of
the impracticability of requiring newspapers to
be prepaid by stamps. It is difficult now to say
what should be the exact mode of prepaying
printed matterwithoutconsultation with the pub-
lishers. We have not had information from the
publishers in the different parts of the country to
enable us to say that we can now fix on a cer-
tain plan. The Department can do it better after
consulting with the publishers and ascertaining
which is the most advisable course, and it will
be done as the body of them want it. If you now
say by law that it shall be done in a particular
mode," the result will be, if that mode shall not
woik well, it cannot be altered without changing
the law and legislating on the subject over again.
On the whole I thought it would be the most pru-
dent and practicable way, and I believe that is the
opinion of the committee, to leave the section as
the Postmaster General drew it.
The next section is section four. We were
applied to againand again by postmasters whose
post offices had been robbed, destroyed, and burnt
up by the enemy, for relief for the postagestamps
they had lost and what they had suffered in their
offices. These applications became very numer-
ous, and Congress last year passed a law author-
izing the Postmaster General to settle those cases,
but confined it to losses occasioned by the enemy,
and did notcover those cases where the postoffice
itself was destroyed by our own troops. The
object of this section is to enable the Postmaster
General to settle those accounts intases where
the destruction lias been by our own forces. That
is all there is in that section.
The fifth section is to help to carry out the
money-order system. It became necessary to
make expenditures in relation to furniture and
fixings in the money-order offices to enable them
to carry on their work. There was no authority
given to the Department to settle with the post-
masters for these necessary expenses, and this
section is to enable the Postmaster General to do
that.
I come next to the sixth scction. It has been
found by the Postmaster General that he cannot
get published m these times the list of undelivered
letters, which is required by law to be published
in newspapers, for one cent per letter. The pa-
pers will not do it for that; and as he is confined
to that price by law, this section proposes to
ameid the law so that he may get it done, if he
can, for a rate not exceeding two cents per letter.
The seventh section is explained in the Post-
master General's report. Last year, in fixing the
pay for the agents of the Post Office Department
on the Pacific coast, we cut down the pay of a
man which had already accrued to him by the law
as it was before, thus depriving him of his regu-
lar salary, which was not intended. This section
is to enable the Department to pay that officer
his salaiy, which was cut down by a mere inad-
vertence.
The eighth section provides that the special
agents of the Department other than those ap-
pointed for the Pacific States and Territuief:, to
