1865.
i aoTO^sssioisrA'L: -mimf -
Mr. BLAIR, moved that the rote by which the
bill was passed be reconsidered; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the fable.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NORTHEASTERN FRONTIER.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report back from the special committee
on the defense of the northeastern frontier a
bill of the House (No. 541) to provide for the de-
fense of the northeastern frontier. I do not de-
sire action on it now. • '
Mr. HOLM AN. I object.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I merely wish to say
that this bill has the unanimous approbation of
the committee to which it was referred. It would
have been reported back had the committee been
called. It has not been called and we have had
no opportunity to report it. In these last hours of
the session I do not feci lilje pressing it to a vote.
I do not think a bill of this magnitude should be
pressed through in that way. I therefore simply
ask that the bill, as amended, may be reported
back, laid on the table, and printed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection to that.
The bill was accordingly received, laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM ROBINSON BOYER.
On motion of Mr. PERHAM, the Committee
on Invalid Pensions was discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of a petition for the relief of
William Robinson Boyer; and the same was re-
ferred to the Committee oil Pensions.
KENDRICK AND FISHER, AND OTHERS.
On motion ofMr. DAVIS,ofNew York,leave
was granted to withdraw from the files of the
House, on condition of leaving copies thereof,
the papers in the cases of Kendrick & Fisher,
and of Eaton, Gage & Co.
RAILROAD COMMUNICATION WITH NEW YORK.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to call up the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the bill in
regard to an air-line railroad to New York was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to call it up.
Mr. GARFIELD. I only wish to say that I
will not trouble the House at this time with any
action upon the bill. I have given way when I
could have gone on, because I was assured by
those who had charge of the important public
business that it would block up the way to such
business. I wish to say to those parties who
feel interested in this matter that nothing but the
overmastering necessity of the public business
has kept me from bringing it forward, and that
I intend at an early day next winter to press it
with what force I can; and being a measure of
such manifest justness and importance, I have
little doubt it will pass the next Congress, as it
would have passed this had I been able to get it
up in proper time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I mo^e to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. PRUYN, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 139) of thanks to Major General George
H. Thomas and the army under his command;
when the Speaker signed the same.
JOHN T. JONES.
Mr. WILDER. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs a bill of the Senate (No. 251) for the relief
of John T. Jones.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object.
Mr. WILDER. I move to suspend the rules
to enable me to do so.
The rules were not suspended.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. COLE, of California. I am authorized by
the select committee on the Pacific railroad to re-
port a bill, and as there is not time to pass it
through the two Houses this session, I ask that
it be laid fin the table and printed. It is a bill m
reference to which the committee were unani-
mous, and I repott it in hopes that it will receive
theattention of members before another Congress.
It is a bill granting lands to aid in. the construc-
tion of certain railroads in the State of California.
"The bill was laid on the table, and ordered to
be printed.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled a joint resolution (H.
R: No. 170) to amend the several acts heretofore
passed to provide for enrolling and calling out
the national forces, and for Other purposes; fahen
the Speaker signed the same.
CITIZENS OF SALT LAKE CITY.
Mr. KINNEY. I ask unanimous consent to
report a bill for the relief of citizens of Salt Lake
City, in the Territory of Utah.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is too late to consider that
now.
Mr. KINNEY. It is precisely the same bill
that passed last session. The committee would
have reported it the present session if they had
had an opportunity.
Mr. THAYER. If it does not come from a
committee, I object.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled, an act (H. R. No. 682) making
appropriations for the current and contingent ex-
penses of the Indian department, and for fulfill-
ing treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending 30th June, 1866; when the
Speaker signed the same.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the pa-
pers touching the revolutionary claim of Jacob
Brooker, deceased.
GEORGE J. STUBBLEFIELD.
Mr. HALE. I ask the unanimous consent of
the House to have taken up and passed joint res-
olution authorizing the adjustment of the claim
of George J. Stubblefield for chewing tobacco
furnished to the United States.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to put in smoking
tobacco.
Mr. ALLISON. I object to the bill.
Mr. HALE. I move to suspend the rules.
. The question was taken; and (two thirds not
voting in favor thereof) the rules were not sus-
pended.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I rise for the pur-
pose of making a report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the House to
the amendments to the miscellaneous appropria-
tion bill. Ifitbe required the report can be read,
but perhaps I can accomplish the same purpose
by stating briefly and more intelligibly the sub-
stance of it.
Mr. Speaker, owing to an error on my part in
reference to the chairmanship of the committee,
it so happens that I took the notes of the confer-
ence instead of my honorable friend from New
York, [Mr. Littlejohn,] and by his courtesy I
make a statement of the result.
The items for light-houses, objected to by the
Senate, were all agreed to, and also the necessary
appropriation for a room for the consultations of
the Supreme Court.
The provision in reference to the Gas-Light
Company in the city of Washington was also
agreed to.
The provision for the repairs of the basement
of the Capitol was agreed to by the House. The
repairs to East Capitol street, the provision for
sweeping Pennsylvania avenue and repairing it,
and for a flag pavement before the Piesident's
house, and for sewers in Seventeenth street and
Twentieth street, were all agreed to be stricken
out. .
The provision for surveys m one or two of the
western Territories was agreed to with this mod-
ification, that the rate of pay for the surveys
should- be stricken out, but the aggregate sum
left for the surveys, to be applied according to
existing law.
The provision for printing the ro,p,ortoftho
Academy of Sciences was. agreed to, and likewise
that" of" increased pay of revenue agent at N#w
York. Two small jtems for additional psiy pi
clerks were agreed to. The expenses of the com-
mission under the British treaty in Washington Vj— 
Territory, was agreed to. .
TJie appropriation for altering the Senate Hftll,
amounting to $160,000, wasagreed to bestridden .
out. . . ■ i
The appropriation of five or six.thousand dol-
lars was agreed to be appropriated on application
of the Coast Survey for fog signal on Long Island
sound.
A provision for paying the revisers of the Dis-
trict laws was agreed to.
The appropriation for repairs to the Naval
Academy at Annapolis was agreed to be reduced-
from §100,000 to $50,000. ?
The Washington aqueduct appropriation was
stricken out.
A provision of §2,000 for an additional green-
house was agreed to.
A provision for the expense of the Nebraska
militia, which involved the transferof the appro-
priation for their legislative expenses to pay the
militia called out to protect them against the In-
dians, upon the understanding that the, session
of the Legislature would be dispensed with, .was
agreed to.
The section of the House bill relating to the
organization of certain bureaus in the Treasury
Department were all agreed to be stricken out.
An appropriation of §200,000 for additional
siege trains, having already been incorporated in
another bill, was also stricken out.
Also a provision to pay Brigham Young, and
one or two other items of small moment, together
with the appropriation for a cob dock at Brook-
lyn, were stricken out.
A provision for the payment of the interest on
the Smithsonian fund in gold—on the ground that
it was a debt which existed prior to the conver-
sion of money from gold to paper—wasagreed to.
The proposed pay for Pennsylvania soldiers
was stricken out.
The compensation to Missouri was agreed to
be retained—on the ground that the case was an
exceptionable one in every particular, and that
the payment of this money involves substantially
the peace and perhaps the preservation of the
State from the scourge of guerrilla desolation dur-
ing the summer.
These, Mr. Speaker, cover all the business
details of the various amendments of the House
and Senate. Having passed over the amendment
which was the subject of controversy in the
House until we reached this point, we then re-
verted to it and found that there was a radical
diversity of opinion, and perhaps an irreconcila-
ble one, between the representatives of the House
and those of the Senate. The gentlemen on the
part of the Senate stated that while a majority of
the Senate concurred in the principle involved in
thatamendment, yet that the majority of the Sen-
ate had refused upon two votes, deliberately de-
termined, not to pass the amendment as a part of
this bill. It was then proposed to them that
they should take the section in the form in which
it had passed the House, carry it into the Senate
and pass, it immediately as a separate bill, and
send it to the House in order that we might act
upon it immediately, upon which condition wo
were ready to have agreed to recommend the
House to allow the bill to pass without this
amendment. The gentlemen thought that they
could not accomplish that in the present state of
the feeling and temper of the Senate, and declined
to make the effort. Under these circumstances
it remained for a majority of the House com-
mittee to determine between the great result of
losing an important appropriation bill, or, after
having raised a question of this magnitude touch-
ing so nearly the right of every citizen to his per-
sonal liberty and the very endurance of republican
institutions, and to insure its promptconsideration
fastened it on an appropriation bill, to allow it to
be stricken out of the bill as a matter of second-
ary importance. The committee thought that
their duty to their constituents, to the House,
and to themselves, would not allow them to pro-
vide for any pecuniary appropriations at the ex-
pense of so grave a reflection upon- the funda-
I mental principles of the Government.
