1422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 3,
J
The situation is a grave one. The President
has now by law—a law insanely passed by the
last Congress, to repeal which this House early
in itsfirstsession unanimously passed a bill which
' to this day the Senate lias refused even to con-
sider—the absolute authority to deprive every
officer of the United States of his commission at
his will, on his own judgment, and at his pleasure
or caprice alone, "the law does not merely au-
thorize, but it requests, the President to use the
power conferred.
There are laws upon the statute-book which
subject to trial by courts-martial, composed of
these officers, thus dependent upon the will of the
President, large classes of our fellow-citizens.
The practice of theGovernment has introduced
into the jurisprudence of the United States prin-
ciples unknown to the laws of the United States,
loosely describedTinder the general term of" the
rules and usages of war," and new crimes, defined
by no law, called " military offenses;"and with-
out the authority of any statute, constitutional
or unconstitutional, and pointing these laws—
confined by the usage of the world to enemies in
enemies' territory—against our own citizens in
our own territory, has repeatedly deprived many
citizens of the United States of their liberty, has
condemned many to death, who have only been
redeemed from that extreme penalty by the kind-
ness of the President's heart, and aided doubtless
by the serious scruples he cannot but feel touching
(he legality of the judgment that assigned them to
death.
There have been many cases in which judg-
ments of confinement in the penitentiary have
been inflicted for acts not punishable either under
the usages of war or under any statute of the
United Slates by any military tribunal; crimes
for which the laws of the United States prescribe
the punishment have been visited with other and
severer punishments by military tribunals; vio-
lations of contract with the Government, real or
imputed, have been construed by these tribunals
into frauds, and punished as crimes; excessive
bail has been demanded, and when furnished im-
pudently reduced; and the attempt of Congress
to discriminate between crimes committed by
persons in the military forces and citizens not in
those forces has been annulled, and the very of-
fenses it specifically required to be tried before
the courts of the United Stales have been tried be-
fore military tribunals dependent upon the will
of the President.
The President, when petitioned humbly, has
refused or neglected more than once to stop the
illegal proceedings and submit the case to the
courts of the United States. " Courts-mqrlial art
organized to convict.1" is the sinister declaration
of the Assistant Secretary of the Navy; and the
President still tolerates his presence.
That hand inserted, under the innocent title of
a bill to increase the paymasters of the Navy, a
section subjecting every agent and servant of the
Navy Department to trial by a court-martial,
which passed the Senate and the House without
discovery or exposure, and now hangs on a mo-
tion to reconsider.
It was the settled purpose of oppression dis-
closed by that act which occasioned this amend-
ment,and forbids its abandonment.
The committee remember that such things
are inconsistent with theendurance of republican
Government. The party which tolerates or de-
fends them must destroy itself or the Republic.
They felt they had reached a point at which a
vote must be cast which may break up political
parties, or, if it do noi, will break up or save a
great republican Government. Before these al-
ternatives they could not hesitate. They thought
it best, now, at this time, to leave this law stand-
ing as a broken dike in the midst of the rising
Hood of lawless power around us, to show to this
generation how high that flood of lawless power
has risen in only three years of civil war, as a
warning to those who are to come after us, as an
awakening to those who are now with us.
They have therefore come to the determina-
tion, so far as the constitutional privileges and
prerogatives of this House will enable them
to accomplish the result, that this bill shall not
become a law if these words do not stand as
part of it—the affirmation by the Representatives
of the States and of the people of the inalienable
birthright of every American citizen; and on that
question they appeal from the judgment of the
Senate to the juagment of the American people.
Mr. LITTLEJOHN. Believing, sir, as I do,
that this great Republic could not have been given
to posterity except by the exercise of the very
power of which the amendment of my friend from
Maryland [Mr. Davis] seeks at this time to de-
prive the Executive, i agreed with theSenate com-
mittee, and it was our desire to report unani-
mously, advising that the House recede from its
amendment. We could not agree, however,and
hence we have narrowed down the question as
much as possible. I propose, therefore, if it be
in order, that the House concur in the report of
the committee of conference upon nil except the
amendment known as the Winter Davis amend-
ment, and upon that I move that the House re-
cede, so as to bring the question to a direct vote
And upon these motions I move the previous
question.
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. Garfield
in the chair) put the question, and declared that
the previous question was seconded.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Cobb, one
of theirclerks, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, bill of the
House No. 807, to authorize the coinage of three*
ceuL piece1?, and for other purposes.
The SPEAKER resumed the chair.
Mr. ICERNAN. I appeal to the gentleman
from New York to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. LiTTLEJOHN. At this late hour of the
morning I cannot do so.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that there bea call
of the House.*
The SPEAKER. A motion for a call of the
House is not in order during the operation of the
previous question unless it appears by actual
count that a quorum is not present.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The previous question has
not been seconded.
The SPEAKER. That is a question of fact
as to which the Chair must appeal to the record.
He is informed that the previous question was
seconded. The gentleman who occupied the chair
at the time will state what occurred.
Mr. GARFIELD. I was occupying the chair,
and put the question, and considered that by a
very large rising vote the previous question was
seconded, and so announced. But at that very
same moment a message from the Senate came in,
and there was no opportunity for any call for a
further division*, otherwise i would have enter-
tained a call for a division.
The SPEAKER. The Journal Clerk states
that the previous question was seconded.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the previous question was sec-
onded; and upon that I demand the yeas and nays.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed that
the Globe reporters have the same statement, that
the previous question was seconded.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order. I call
the attention of the Chair to the statement of the
temporary Speaker, my colleague, [Mr. Gar-
field,] that he was prepared to entertain a call
for a division.
Mr, GARFIELD. The Chair putthemotion,
and announced that in the opinion of the Chair
the previous question was seconded, and at that
moment a message was announced, so that there
was no opportunity for a division to be called.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. i ask the gentleman frtfm
Ohio if he called for a negative vote on the ques-
tion at all. It was not called.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion that
the previous question was seconded; but in view
of the contrariety of opinion that prevails he will
put the question again.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does that cut off my mo-
tion for a call of the House?
The SPEAKER. It does; as the House is
now dividing.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I insist on my motion to
reconsider the vote by which the previous ques-
tion was seconded.
Mr. PENDLETON. 1 move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. HARDING. I demand the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair understands,
from the making of that motion, that it is con-
ceded that the Journal is correct, and that the
previous question has been seconded.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That may be (he decision
of the Chair, but it is not the understanding of the
House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair regrets that ho
was not present, so as to know the actual facts of
the case. If gentlemen had been anxious to have
the mattersettled as the majority determined they
would have recognized the propriety of taking the
vote over again. The gentleman from Wisconsin, *
however, moves to reconsider the vote by which
the previous question was seconded, and the gen-
tleman from Ohio moves that the House do now
adjourn; and upon the latter motion the yeas and
nays are demanded.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 744) to
amend an actentiUed " An act to provide internal
revenue to support the Government, to pay inter-
eston the publicdebt, and forotherpurposes,"ap-
proved June 30,18G4; when Lite Speaker signed
the same.
ADJOURNMENT.
The question was taken on Mr. Pendleton's
motion; and it was decided in the negative—yeas
7, nays 126, not voting 49; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Brook*, Henry Winter
Davis, Eden, Ilerrick, Kalbfleisch, and Bad lord—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Aneona, Anderson, Ar-
nold, Ashley, Baily, Augustus C. Baldwin, John D. Bald-
win, Caster, Beaman, Blame,Blair, Bliss, Blow, Boutwell,
Boyd, Broomall, Chunler, Ambrose YV. Clark, Freeman
Clarke, Clay, Cobb, Cnflroth, Cole, Cravens, Thomas T.
Davis, Dawson, Deming, Denison, Drigg-., Eckley, Eilger-
ton, Eldridge, English, Finck, Frank, Ganson, Garfield,
Crider, Grumell, Griswold, IJardmff, Charles M. Harris
Uigby, Holnnin, Hooper, A<ahel VV. Hubbard, Joint H.
Hubbard, Hulburd, Hutchins, lngersoll, Jenekes, William
Johnson, Kasson, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando
Kellogg, Ivernan, King, Knapp, Law, Littlejohn, Long-
year, Mallory, Marcy, Marvin, McAllister, MeBnde, Mc-
Clurg, Samuel F. Miller, William II. Miller, Moorhead,
Morrill, Daniel Morris, James it. Morris Morrison, Amos
Myers, Leonard Myei*, Noble, Norton, Odell, Chailes
O'Neill, John O'Neill, Orth, Patterson. Pendleton,Perham,
Pewy, Pike, Pomeroy, Price, Pruyn, William H. Randall,
Alexander H. Rice, John II. itice, Edward H. Rollins,
James S. Rolling, Seofield, Suoit, Shannon, Sloan, Smith-
ers, Spalding, John B. Steele, Slovene, Stiles, Strouse,
Stnart, Thayer, Townsend,Tracy, Ups-on, Elihn B. Wash-
burnc, William B. Washburn, Webster, Whaley,Wheeler,
Joseph W. White, Williams Wilder, Wilson, Windom,
Winfield, Woodbridge, Worthington, and Yeanian—126.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Bran-
degee, James S. Brown, William G. Brown, Cox, Crea-
well, Dawes, Dixon, DormeUy, Dumont, Eliot, Farnsvvorth,
Gooch, Hale, Hall, Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris, llotch-
kiss, Philip Johnson, Julian, Knox, Lazear, Le Blond,
Loan, Long, McDowell, Mclndoe, McICiimey, Middletou,
Nelson, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Rolens Ro<s,
Schenek, Smith, S tarr, William G. Steele, Sweat, Thomas,
Van Valkeoburgh, Voorhee:>, Wadsworth, Waid, Chilton
A. White, BenjamiR Wood, and Fernando Wood—49.
So the House refused to adjourn.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL—AGAIN.
_ The question recurred on Mr. Eldrjdge's mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which the previous
question was seconded.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to lay the whole
subject on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE.
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and n&ys were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 23, nays 118, not voting 41;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bliss, Cravens, Henry Winter Davis
bawi-on, Denton, Eden, Eldndge, Holmari, KaHiliee-eh,
Iinapp, Le llhmd, McKuniey, James It. Moiii*, Joim
O'Neill. Pendleton, Perry, iindford, Samuel J. Randall,
Stiles. Strouse, Townsenii, Cllillon A. White, and Joseph
W. White—23.
NAYS—Mo^rs. J,,mess c. Allen, Allison, Ames, An-
cona, Andeison. Arnold, Ashley, Baily, Augn<iu< C. Bald-
win, John I). Baldwin, Baxter,' Beaman, Blaine, Blair,
Blow, Boutwell, Boyd, Brook-*, Broomall, (.'hauler, Am-
brose W. Clark. Cobb, Coft'ioth, Cole, Cox, Thomas 1\
Davfs, Dawes, Doming, Drisjgs, Edgerton, English, Fniek,
Frank, Garfield, Gooch, G rider.Gunnel!, Gri&wold, Hale,
Harding:, Charles M.Hairis, Herriek, Hifiby, Hooper, Asa-
hel VV. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard. Ilutburd^lJutehins,
Ingersoll, Jenckes, Philip Johnson, William Johnson, Kas-
foii, KelJey, Francis VV. Kellogg, Orlando KoHogu, Ker-
nan, King, LUtlejolm, Long, I<ongyear, Mallory, Marcy,
Marvin, McAllister, MeBiide, MeClur«? Samuel V Miller,
William H. Miller, Moorhead, Daniel Morris, Morrison,
Amos Myers, Leonard Myer>, Nelson, IVoWe, Norton,
Odell, Chariot O'Neill, Ortb, Peihimi, Pike, Pomeroy,
Price, frtiyu, William H. Randall, Alexander H. Bice, John
II. Riee, Rogers, Edward H, Uoliins, James 8, Roiiins,Ros8,
On that motion I demand
#
