THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OP CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIYES, WASHINGTON", D. C,,
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 10, 1865.
Hew Series No'. 4%.
PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESIDENT-ELECT.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to offer a resolution in connec-
tion with our proceedings in conjunction with the
House of Representatives. It is the usual reso-
lution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection? The Chair hears none. The resolution
will be received, and read. .
Mr. TRUMBULL. The joint committee on
the partof theSenate appointed to join such com-
mittee as might be appointed on the part of the
House of Representatives to ascertain and report
a mode of examining the votes for President and
Vicc President of the United States, and of noti-
fying the persons elected of their election, in
further execution of the duties with they were
charged by the two Houses have agreed to the
following resolution, winch I ask the Senate to
consider now:
Rewired, That a committee of one member of the Sen-
ate be appointed by that body to join a committee of two
members of the House of Representatives ui be appointed
by thiit flouse to wait on Abraham Lincoln, of Illinois,
and to notify him that he has been duly elected President
of the Umted States for four year*, commencing with the
4th day ofMareh, 3863; and also to notify Andrew John-
son, of Tennessee, that he has been duiy elected Vice Pres-
ident of the United States lor four years, commencing oil
the 4th day ofMurch, 18G5.
The resolution was adopted.
CONFERENCES WITH REBELS.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The special order
is now before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER,. I understand that tho Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buckalew] with-
draws his objection to the consideration, inform-
ally, of my resolution. It will not displace the
bill of the Senator from Vermont. It can be taken
up informally by unanimous consent, and acted
upon and put out of the way.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That resolution had bet-
ter go over until to-morrow. I am quite sure it
will lead to some discussion.
Mr. SUMNER. I think not. I think the
Senator is mistaken.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am informed by the Chair
that it will supersede the unfinished business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If taken up in-
formally it will only supersede it for the time
being.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to take it up
and get it out of the way.
Tlw VICE PRESIDENT. Is there any ob-
jection to the present consideration of the resolu-
tion ? The Chair hears none, and it is now be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I sent to the Secretary's
desk yesterday an amendment which I intended
to propose fr> this resolution.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The resolution and
amendment will be read.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested, if in ins opinion not incompatible with the public
interests, to furm-h to the Senate any information 111 his
possession concerning lecent conversations or communi-
cations with certain rebels, said to have been under exec-
utive sanction, including communications with the rebel
Jefferson Davis, and any correspondence relating thereto.
The amendment of Mr. Saulsbury was to add
the following:
And that he be also requested to inform the Senate
whether he, or others acting under his authonty, did not
require, a? a condition to reunion, the acquiescence ot said
pei-ons mentioned in said lesolution, or of the public au-
thorities of the so-called conlederate States, in the abolition
of slavery in said States ; and also, whether he, or those
acting by hi* authority, did not require as a condition to
negotiation that the said confederate-* should lay down their
arm.*. And that he be requested to inform the Senate fully
in leferenee to eveivthmg connected with or occuiringln
e:ud conference or confidieuoet. m relation to the subject-
matter of f.aid conferences. And also that he be requested
to state whetheroi nolan armistice was not a^ked for by
Stephens, IJuntei, and Campbell with the view to
pi np.ii e the mu ids of lite Southern people tor peaee and re-
union of the c-utes.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will inquire whether
the resolution and amendment have been printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Neither has been
printed.
42
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I would like to have them
lie over until to-morrow, and be printed.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to make an ex-
planation.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to make an, ex-
planation also.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to the amendment
of the Senator from Delaware, and on this simple
ground: to my mind it is not respectful to the
President; it is in the nature of interrogatories ad-
dressed to an unwilling witness. I believe that,
in the relations between the Senate and the Pres-
ident we have only to express to him our desire
that he should communicate to us what in his
opinion he can without any injury to the public
interests. I believe that he will make a full and
frank communication; and I believe I do not go
too far when I say it is well known to many
Senators that the President is ready to do it; per-
haps I mightsay that he desires to do it. I think,
therefore, there should be no delay in making this
call upon him in order to give him that opportu-
nity. There is no occasion for printing a resolu-
tion which is merely one of this nature, and which
can be understood as it is read from the desk; for
the original resolution as presented by myself is
as simple as language can make it. The amend-
ment as presented by the Senator from Delaware,
1 admit, docs conflict with the resolution, but I
presume the Senate will not be disposed to adopt
it; there is no occasion for it.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, nothing
was further from my intention than to offer any
disrespcct to the President of the United States.
It never occurred to me that theamendmcntcould
bear any such constiuction. Inasmuch as the
original resolution requests the President to com-
municate the conversations that occurrcd in that
conference, I wish everything that occurred to
be macfe known, I have been informed that an
armistice was requested by those southern com-
missioners; and if that be a fact, the country
ought to know it. I have been informed also that
that request was refused. If that be so, the coun-
try has as much interest in knowing that fact as
in knowing any other.
I rose simply to disclaim any intention of being
disrespectful to the Piesidcnt of the United States
or anybody elso.
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest to the Senator from
Delaware that the resolution as proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts should first be adopt-
ed and go to the President; and if the communi-
cation the President shall make shall be found,
in the judgment of the Senator from Delaware,
not to be as full as he thinks it should be, then
he may offer a resolution calling for further in-
formation; but certainly he should not presume
in advance that the President will not furnish all
the information in his possession. 1 think, there-
fore, lie should withdraw the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us vote it down.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yesterday when this res-
olution was called up I objected to it upon the
ground that 1 did not believe it related to any
"matter of a legislative character to be brought
before Congress. The Piesident of the United
States not only has the power under the Consti-
tution, but by an express act of Congress, to grant
terms of amnesty to rebals or insuigents in arms
against the Government. I doubted very much
fiom the reading of the resolution whether it
would be wise for the Senate to call for this in-
formation. What transpired in that interview
will probably never be disclosed, or at least not for
some time, either to the Congress of the United
States or to the insurgents in Richmond. 1 doubt
very much whether the resolution would do any
good. The Senator from Massachusetts luis
stated that the President is ready to communi-
cate this information. It may be well to satisfy
the public mind to n certain extentasto what was
done there, or what reason induced him to go
there; and upon the statement of the Senator from
Massachusetts that this is not a resolution in-
tended to hcctor ot lecture or netruse tho Presi-
dent for doing what Ire has a right to do, I am
perfectly willing to waive my objections. The
only reason why I objected to it yesterday was.
that I might have some understanding as to what,
was intended by calling for this information, and
whether it was agreeable to the President to com-*
municate it. The President of the UnitedStates
ought to exercise his entire pleasure in the mat-
ter, and he ought not to communicate this; infor-
mation merely to satisfy the curiosity of the Sen-
ate and the country unless he thinks it will tend
to quiet the public mind.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In my opinion, Mr. Pres-
ident, this resolution is unwise at the present time.
It can donogood. If the communication is made
of all that occurred at the interview which is said
to have taken place between the President of the
United States and these gentlemen coining in-*
formally or formally from the southern States,
wo cannot base any legislative action upon it.
The President of the United States is charged
with this matter upon his responsibility under the
Constitution, and we have no control over it so
far as the ad ministration of this is concerned. As
was said by the Senator from Ohio, the power of
granting amnesty is confided to the Executive
under tne law as it stands. What may have oc-
curred in an interview like this, on that subject,
we do not know. In the discussions between the
Executive and these men, if they were pleading
for mercy in behalf of those whom they supposed
might be ready to lay down their arms, some-
thing may have occurred on this subject of am-
nesty, as to what the President might be dis-
posed to do in the exercise of the pardoning
power; but whether there was or not, it seems to
me peculiarly improper and unwise to seek by &
resolution of the Senate to enter at the present
time into that subject.
Sir, I think we ought to presume that the Presi-
dent of the United States knows something. For
four years he has been discharging the duties of
that high office to the satisfaction of the great
mass of the American people. So well satisfied
have they been with his administration that they
have by tremendous majorities reelected him to
this office to discharge its duties. I know that
some persons in Washingtonand outsideofWash-
ington, in Congiess and out of Congress, have
sometimes been disposed to criticise with a great
deal of animadversion the course pursued by the
President; but, sir, the result has proved, when-
ever he has passed through any important crisis
in his administration, that although he may not
have displayed as much genius as somemen pos-
sess, in the end he has displayed a wisdom and
a sagacity which entitle him to the confidence of
the country.
While I believe it is unwise to send a resolu-
tion of this kind to the President, because it is
assuming, on our part, a wish or a disposition to
exercise some control over him in the exercise of
his greatexecutive responsibilities, I entertain no
opposition to the resolution from any fear or any
expectation that when the truth comes to be
known anything wjll appear which tends in the
slightest degree to weaken the confidence of tho
country in the wisdom or the sagacity of the Pres-
ident. In my opinion the facts will show that
that has transpired on his part, so far from weak-
ening, will strengthen the confidence of the coun-
try in the President. At the same time my opin-
ion is just as decided that it is unwise to go into
this inquiry.
The honorable Senatorfrom Massachusetts ob-
jects to the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Delaware, because it is not respectful to the
President. Let me ask the honorable Senator
what more is there contained in that proposition
than there is, in substance, in his own resolution ?
The Senator from Massachusetts uses different
language,! admit; but still his mciuiry covers tho
whole ground. It would cover all that may have
! been said on the subject of amnesty, if anything
i was said, just as much as the proposition of the
I Senator from Delaware. It is only a diffcience
I in form of expression, not in substance.
