1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
%
Scofield, Scott, Shannon, Sloan, Smithers, Spalding, John
B. Steele, Stevens, Stuart, Thayer, Thomas, Tracy* Up-
con, Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Wha-
ley, Wheeler, Williams, Wilder, Wil&on, Windora, Win-
field, Woodbridge, Worthington, and Yeaman—118.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J.Allen, Alley, Bran-
degee, James S. Brown, William G. Brown, Freeman
Clarke,Clay, Creswell, Dixon, Donnelly, Dumont, Eckley,
Eliot, Farnsworth,Ganson, Hall, Harrington, Benjamin G.
Hairis, Hotchkiss, Julian, Knox, Law, Lazear, Loan, Mc-
Dowell, Mclndoe, Middleton, Morrill, Patterson, Itobin-
M)n, Schenck, Smith, Starr, William G. Steele, Sweat,
Van Vaikenburgh, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Ward, Web-
ster, Benjamin Wood, and Fernando Wood—41.
So the House refused to lay the whole subject
on the table.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled art act (H. R. No. 667) to pro-
vide for two assistant local inspectors of steam-
boats in the city of New York, and for two local
inspectors at Galena, Illinois, and to reestablish
the board of local inspectors at Wheeling; and
also to amend the act approved June 8,1864, en-
titled " An act to create an additional inspector
of steamboats and two local inspectors of steam-
boats for the collection districts of Memphis and
Oregon, and for other purposes;" when the
Speaker signed the same.
miscellaneous appropriation bill—again.
Mr. KASSON. I aslc leave to make a prop-
osition which ought to be made now, if at all^
to gentlemen upon the other side of the House.
There is an appropriation in this bill for the sup-
port of the patients at the insane asylum, and
also for the deaf and dmvj>, and one for furnish-
ing oil, &c., to the light-houses to protect life
and property. I appeal to gentlemen upon the
other side of the House to let those provisions,
which are intimately connected with what ap-
peals to us all, pass as a separate bill, and then
we can continue ourcontest over the further items
of the bill.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand that my
friends are willing that the bill which has been
acted on this morning shall be laid aside to allow
other important matters of legislationto be taken
up to which nobody objects. There is no desire
upon this side of the House to prevent action in
the House on anything but this bill.
Mr. PRUYN. We agree to that.
Mr. KASSON. Then I ask unanimous con-
sent that these three items in the bill shall be
passed in a separate bill.
Mr. ELDRlDGE. We have no objection to
that, with the understanding that no other items
of the bill are to be added.
Mr. KASSON. Only the appropriation for the
coast survey.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I am in earnest
in this matter, and am determined that not one
item of this bill shall pass without the whole of it.
Mr. KASSON. I appeal to the gentleman to
allow the appropriation for the insane to be made.
Mr. LtTTLEJOHN. 1 agree with the gen-
tleman from Maryland. I object to any such
proposition. This whole bill must pass through,
or none of it.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 807) to author-
ize the coinage of three-cent pieces, and for other
purposes; when the Speaker signed the same,
adjournment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a privileged mo-
tion. I move that this House do now adjourn,
and on that motion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 2, nays 134, not voting 46; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, and Rogers—2.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ancona, Anderson,
Ashley, Baily, Augustus 0. Baldwin, John D. Baldwin,
Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Blair, Bliss, Blow, Boutwell,
Boyd, Brooks, Broomall, Chanler, Ambrose W. Clark,
Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Coffroth, Cole, Cravens, Creswell,
Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Dawson,
Denison, Driggs, Dumont, Eden, Edgerton, Eldridgc, Eng-
lish^ Finck, Frank, Gansoti, Garfield. Gooch, Grider, Grin-
neli, GrisWbld, Hale, Harding, Charles M.* Harris, Her-
riek, Higby* Holman, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, John 1L, Hubbard, Hulburd, Hutchins, Ingersoll,
Philip Johnson, Kalbfleisch, Kelley, Francis VV, Keiiogg,
Orlando Kellogg, Kernan, Knapp, Law,Le Blond, Little-
johh, Loan/Long, Longyear, Marcy, Marvin, McAllister,
McBride, McClunr, McKmney, Middleton, William H.
Miller, Moorhead/Daniel Morris, James R. Morris, Morri-
son, Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Nelson,Noble. Norton,
Odell,Charles O'Neill, John O'Neill, Orth, Patterson,Per-
ham, Perry, Price, Pruyn, Radford, William H. Randall,
Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice, Edward H. Rollins,
Ross, Scofield, Scott, Shannon, Sloan, Smith, Smithers,
Spalding, John B. Steele, Stevens, Stiles, Strouse, Stuart,
Thayer, Thomas, Townsend, Tracy, Upson, Van Vaiken-
burgh, Elihu B. Washburne, William B. Washburn, Web-
ster, Whaley, Joseph W. White, Williams, Wilder, Wil-
son, Windom, Winfield, Woodbridge, Worthington, and
Yeaman—134.
NOT VOTING-—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Ar-
nold, Brandegee, James S. Browu, William G. Brown,
Clay, Cox, Deming, Dixon, Donnelly, Eckley, Eliot,
Farnsworth,Hall, Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris, Jenckes,
William Johnson, Julian, Kasson, King, Knox, Lazear,
Maliory, McDowell, Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Morrill,
Pendleton, Pike, Pomeroy, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson,
James S. Rollins, Schenck, Starr, William G. Steele,
Swe.at, Voorhees, Wadsworth, Ward, Wheeler, Chilton
A. White, Benjamin Wood, and Fernando Wood—46.
So the House refused to adjourn.
duty on printing paper.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to a
privileged question. 1 am instructed by the
committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the joint resolution of the
House reducing the duties on printing paper,
unsized, to make a report, which I send to the
Clerk's desk.
The report was read, as follows:
The committee of confcrence on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the House joint resolution (No. 141)
" reducing the duties on printing paper, unsized, used for
books and newspapers exclusively," having met, after full
and free conference have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, that the House recede from their disagreement
4o the amendment of the Senate to said joint resolution.
T. O. HOWE,
j. h. lane,
Managers on the vart of the Senate.
e. b. washburne,
james f. wilson,
Managers on the-part of the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call the
previous question on agreeing to the report.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to lay the report on
the table; and on that motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
A Member. What would the duty be under
the report of the committee of conference?
The SPEAKER. Fifteen per cent.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
enrolled bill.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and found
truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 798) to prevent
the enlistment of persons charged with crime in
the District of Columbia as substitutes or as vol-
unteers in the Army or Navy, and to prevent
frauds at the District jail, in the city of Wash-
ington; when the Speaker signed the same.
duty on printing paper—again,
The SPEAKER. The question recurs upon
the motion to lay on the table the report of the
committee of conference upon the disagreeing
\otes of the two Houses upon the bill relating to
duty upon paper, upon which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
Mr. LE BLOND. I ask to be excused from
voting upon that question; and upon that I call
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
committee to wait upon the president.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
a committee of two members of this House be
appointed to wait upon the President to inquire
if he has any further communication to maxe to
Congress.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Washburne,
of Illinois, and Mr. Law, as such committee.
excusing fjtom voting.
The Clerk proceeded to call the roll upon the
motion to excuse Mr. Le Blond from voting upon
the motion to lay upon the table the report of the
committee of conference upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the bill in relation
to the duty upon paper.
During the roll-call,
message from the president.
A message was received from the President, by
Mr. Nicolat, his Private Secretary, informing
the House that the President had iilus day apt-
proved and signed a bill of the foHoWmgtilife* .
An act (EJ. R. No.798) toprevent the enlistment
of persons charged with crime in the District'of
Columbia as substitutes or as volunteers ii> the
Army or Navy, and to prevent frauds at the Dis-
trict jail, in the city of Washington.
Mr. WASHBURNE,of Illinois, from the«om-
mittee to wait upon the President, reported- that
the committee had discharged that duty, and had
been directed by the President to inform the House'
that he had no further business to communicate
to them.
EXCUSING MR. LE BLOND EROM VOTING.
The Clerk resumed the calling of the roll upon
the motion to excuse Mr. Le Blond from voting.
The call was suspended after having proceeded
as far as the name of Mr. Jesse 0. Norton, with
the following result:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ames, Ancona, Ash-
ley, Baxter, Boutwell, Brooks, James S. Brown, Chanler,
Freeman Clarke, Cole, Dixon, Eckley, Grinnell, Herrick,
Hooper, Hurlburd, Kasson, Kelley, OilandolCellogg, Ker-
nan, King, Law, Loan, Longyear, Marvin, McBride, Daniel
Morris, Morrison, and Amos Myers—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Arnold, Baily, Au-
gustus C. Baldwin, Blair, Boyd, BroomaH. Cobb, Coffroth,
Cox, Thomas T. Davis, Dawes, Eden, Edgerton, Ftnck,
Frank, Ganson, Garfield, Grider, Harding, Charles M. Har-
ris, Holman, Asahei W. Hubbard, Hutchins, Jenckes,
William Johnson, Kalbfleisch, Knapp, Littiejohn, Long,
MeKinney, Nelson, Noble, and Norton—35.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, John
D. Baldwin, Beaman. Blaine, Bliss, Blow, Brandegee,
William G. Brown, Ambrose W. Clark, Clay, Cravens,
Creswell, Henry WinterDavis, Dawson, Deming, Denison,
Donnelly, Driggf, Dumont, Eldridge, Eliot, English, Farns-
worth, Gooch, GriawoW, Hale, Hall, Harrington, Benjamin
G. Harris, Higby, Hotchkiss, John II. Hubbard, Ingersoll,
Philip Johnson, Julian, Francis W. Kellogg, Knox,Lazear,
Le Blond, Maliory, Marey, McAllister, McClurg, McDow-
ell, Mclndoe, Middleton, Samuel F. Miller, William H.
Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, James R. Morris, and Leonard
Myers—53.
speaker's address.
The hour of twelve o'clock m. having arrived,
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen of the House of
Representatives, the parting hour has come; and
yonder clock, which "takes no note of time but
from its loss," will soon announce that the Con-
gress of which we are members has passed into
history. Honored by your votes with this re-
sponsible position, I have faithfully striven to
perform its always complex and often perplfexing
duties without partisan bias and with the sincer-
est impartiality. Whether I have realized the
true ideal of a just presiding officer, aiding, on
the one hand, the advance of the public business,
with the responsibility of which the majority is
charged,and, on the other hand,allowing no tres-
pass on the parliamentary rights of the minority,
must be left for others to decide. But looking
back now over the entire Congress, I cannot re-
member a single word addressed to you which
"dying 1 would wish to blot."
On this day, which by spontaneous consent is
being observed wherever our flag floats as a day
of national rejoicing, with the roar of cannon
greeting the rising sun on the rock-bound coast
of Maine, echoed and reechoed by answering
volleys from city to city, and from mountain peak
to mountain peak, till from the Golden Gate it dies
away far out on the calm Pacific, we mingle our
congratulations with those of the freemen we rep-
resent over the victories for the Union that have
made the winter just closing so warm with joy
and hope. Witii them we rejoice that the na-
tional standard, which our revolutionary fathers
unfurled over the land, but which rebellion sought
to strike down and destroy, waves asundisputed
at this glad hour over the cradle of secession at
Charleston as over the cradle of liberty at Faneuil
Hall, and that the whole firmamentis aflame with
the brilliant glow of triumphs for that cause so
deartoevery patriotheart. We have butrecently
commemorated the birthday of the Father of his
Country, and renewed our pledge to each other
that the nation he founded should not be sundered
by the sword of treason. And the good news
that assures the salvation of the Republic is
doubly joyous, because it tells us that the prayers
of the past four years have notbeen unanswered,
and that the priceless blood of our brave defend-
ers, so freely offered and so profusely spilt, has
not been shed in vain. We turn, too, to-day,
with a prouder joy than ever before to that ban-
ner, brilliant with stars from the heavens and
'radiant with glories from the earth, which from
