658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
Mr. President, I shall content myself with voting
against the resolution, because I believe it would
be unwise to enter into this inquiry.
Mr. MORRILL. This, I believe, is an ordi-
nary resolution of inquiry.
Mr. SUMNER. That is all.
Mr. MORRILL. Ordinary in its terms, court-
eous in its language, and by no implication that
I see arising from it does it charge the President,
or can a suspicion arise that anybody here sus-
pects the President to be unwilling to communi-
c'ateuhe information he is supposed to have, or
that it is in any sense a sinister resolution. There-
fore, as an ordinary resolution, in the ordinary
form of business, 1 should vote for it; and so I
propose to do.
But I rise to say to my honorable friend from
Wisconsin that 1 do not see any occasion now on
this resolution for a championship of the Presi-
dent. I do not think the Senate ought to be put
in the attitude of being defended against an assault
made upon the President,; for certainly, from the
tenor of the remarks of the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin, every Senator here who votes for this
resolution must feel that there is an implication
that we are in some sense or in someway hostile
to the President; that we have not as much con-
fidence inhis wisdom, his patriotism, his sagacity
to manage public questions, as somebody else has.
I feel a little more sensitive on this subject this
morning at these remarks, because they are a rep-
etition of the remarks of the same kind made the
other day by that Senator. I have never said on
this floor anything in any way detrimental to the
patriotism or the sagacity or the prudence of the
President of the United States. I have felt, and
I now feel, as profound a regard for him, 1 trust,
as those who have said a great deal more about
it. I insist that there is no occasion on a mere
ordinary resolution for putting this Senate in the
attitude of voting it upon the idea that a majority
of this Senate are not particularly solicitous of
the character and feelings of the Presidentof the
United States. I do not understand it to be so;
and therefore, for one, I object on a more ordi-
nary resolution of inquiry to being told that it is
not wise, that it is a reflection on the President;
or, at any rate, that it will be taken for granted
that we have not as high a regard and as profound
a respect for the President as we ought to have.
I rose only to make these remarks.
Mr, SUMNER. I shall content myself with
one single remark. I do not intend to debate this
resolution, nor do I intend to reply to the speech
of the Senator from Wisconsin, a speech that he
has made more than once on this floor; but I will
remind that Senator of a remark from a very
illustrious person, one of the most eminent men
in the history of the law—1 mean the great Chief
Justice of England, Matthew Hale—who was
accustomed very often to say from the bench to
very ardent advocate*, "Do not jump till you
get to the stile." The Senator from Wisconsin
would do well if he did not jump so often before
he gets to the stile. Sir, when Senators on this
flooi attack the President of the United States the
Senator may well rush forward, as swiftly as is
his habit, to defend him.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts admitted in his former speech that the
amendment offered by the Senator from Delaware
was an attack substantially upon the President,
and he opposed it for that reason. Wherein con-
sisted that attack? It was simply in this: in put-
ting questions to the President about his conduct.
This resolution presented by the Senator from
Massachusetts ia in diif<-t«.nt it is Hue,
but it is doing precisely that thing. It is the fa-
vorite weapon which is made use of whenever a
party undertakes to attack an Administration to
put them on their examination, to put them on
their inquiry, to begin to cross-examine them,
" What have you been doing? Render us an ac-
count of yourself," That is the substance of it.
The Senator from Maine mistakes very much
when he supposes that I have said that every per-
son in this Senate who votes for this resolution
intends to make an attack upon the President; I
say no such thing. I said, or intended to say,
no soch thing.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not charge the Senator
with saying that; but I say that is the inference
and inevitable conclusion from the tone of his
remarks.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator did not con-
fine himself to the remarks made by me on this
occasion, but referred to what I said the other
day. I think the Senator could not have heard
the remarks I made the other day, or he would
have understood that I had reference particularly
to the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Powell]
and the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] when I
charged them with a common purpose to oppose
the Administration and destroy the free State of
Louisiana.
Mr, MORRILL. If the Senator will allow
me, I thought it particularly offensive then, and
I think so now, for the Senator to rise and char-
acterize the Senate here as distinguished by radi-
cals and conservatives, especially among his own
friends; and that was the whole tone and tenor of
his speech the other day. We were classified;
some of us were radicals and some of us conserv-
atives, under the general phrase of Herod and
Pilate, I believe, applicable particularly to the
Senator from Ohio and the Senator from Ken-
tucky. What I complained of then was the gen-
eral tone of the speech,classifying the Senate, as
if there were a body of radical men in this Senate
against whom the President of the United States
needed to be defended. I think the Senator's
speech was obnoxious to that charge,and in that
sense offensive.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I mentioned the Senator
from Ohio and the Senator from Kentucky, and
I did not refer to any other Senator on the floor
in the course of my remarks. My reply was
made to them,and was intended for them; i meant
what 1 said, and I mean it now. The Senator
from Ohio but the other day, in speaking of the
Executive, said," Your Executive lacks blood; he
hasaotgot the nerve to carry out and perform his
duties as he ought." And particularly was I re-
plying to the Senator fiom Ohio in reference to the
State of Louisiana when I charged upon him and
upon the Senator from Kentucky a joint purpose
to attack the Administration, and to destroy the
free State of Louisiana. Sir, their joint purpose
is this: the Senator from Kentucky would keep
Louisiana out of the Union until the rebels can
vote under its constitution; and the Senator from
Ohio would keep her out until the negroes of Lou-
isiana can vote in the formation of her constitu-
tion.
Mr. President, that is what I said. I referred
to those gentlemen; and the Senator'from Ohio
will excuse me when,in reference to this matter,
I undertook to speak to him and of him, because
that Senator, in the course of the last six or eight
months, has undertaken, in a published letter of
his, to charge upon me conspiracy with the Pres-
ident to defeat the passage in this House of a cer-
tain bill in relation to the construction or the re-
construction of the State of Louisiana and other
States.
Mr. WADE. When did I do that?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I mean by the letter pub-
lished under the Senator's own hand, in which
he assumed to say that I had written to the State
of Louisiana stating that that bill would be kept
back in the Senate of the United States to save
the President the necessity of vetoing it. Sir, I
ask the gentleman to produce his proof on that
subject.
Mr. WADE. Does the Senator deny that he
wrote any such letter?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do. But, Mr. Presi-
dent, is it right for the Senator from Ohio, in a
published letter, to say that he is informed by a
responsible gentleman that some other gentleman
has said in the presence of another gentleman that
the Senator from Wisconsin has written a letter
to Louisiana in which he says this, and that, and
the other thing; and upon evidence like that has
the Senator from Ohio the right to undertake, not
only to attack the President, out to attack me per-
sonally ?
Sir, the Senator from Maine [Mr. Morrill]
will understand that when I have reference to
anything that he says on this floor I shall speak
of what he says and of him. I certainly have not
yet referred to him or his action here; but in the
speech which I made I spoke of the Senator from
Ohio and the Senator from Kentucky.
In relation to this resolution I have only to say
what i said in the beginning, that I do not see
that it can accomplish any good purpose; it may
possibly do harm; and upon the very face of it it
is an inquiry at the present time in relation to the
administration of the executive office, which, in
my opinion, is unnecessary and unwise.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, when this debate
commenced, I had very little idea of being dragged
into it. I did not know that I had anything par-
ticularly to do with it. I said nothing about the
resolution. I stood the torrent of passion which
the Senator from Wisconsin belched forth upon
the Senate the other day in perfect silence. I
cared nothing about it. I believed I was right,
aftd the result showed that I had a very large ma-
jority of the Senate with me. So believing;, I
cared but very little what the Senator from Wis-
consin might say about it. I did not think that
all he could say was worth one moment of the
time of this body in reply to it. I did not sup-
pose that either he or myself, in any personal re-
marks that we could make, would be serving the
country so much as we should by allowing the
measure then under consideration to pass, and
proceeding with the public business. It was not
necessary that he should drag up this topic un-
provoked, without my saying a word, and turn
back to his old controversy and repeat it over
again, making it almost necessary for me to get
up now and detain the Senate for a few moments.
I ask the Senator and I ask the Senate, why is
it that this unprovoked,gratuitous attack should
be commenced upon me now, when the Senator
had the floor to himself on that occasion, and said
all he could say to the Senate, and said it, I sup-
pose, as well as he has said it now? Jf he har-
bors any particular malice against me, or if he
wants to make it appear that he is the peculiar
defender of the Presidentof the United States, and
that the President cannot stand alone anywhere
unless braced up by such help as that, allow me
to say that he has a very much poorer opinion of
the President than I have, [laughter,] for I hardly
think such props will tend to support him much;
and I will give this advice to the President now
in my place: 14 If you are in danger of any at-
tacks, for God's sake select as your defender some
man that somebody pays some attention to." I
care nothing for the Senator's attacks. I did not
reply before, and I am trespassing on the Senate
in replying now. Why wake up Rip Van Win-
kle ? The Senator says that a certain letter was
published. Sir, in the protest which Mr. Davis
and myself put forth—I suppose that is what he
alluded to—we did say that we were informed that
a letter had been written by him down to New
Orleans, in which he stated that they intended to
postpone that measure till so late in the session
that the President would not have time to con-
sider it. That iswhatwewere informed; I have
the letter which so informed me, from as good a
man as there is in the State of Ohio or elsewhere,
and Mr. Dayis has another letter to the same ef-
fect. The Senator very early in the session spoke
to me on that subject. I told him that! had such
a letter, but that I had not brought it with me,
and if he wished to see it I could send home and
get it. He did not seem to require that; he did
not ask me to do it, and 1 dropped the subject.
That, I suppose, was more than two months ago.
Why does he drag it up now ? I have done noth-
ing to stir up his malice that I know of. 1 have
not spoken of him or about him, or thought of
him. He was not even in my thoughts or in my
mind. I care nothing about him any more than I
do about anybody else. I bear him no malice, and
very little good-will. [Laughter.] I care noth-
ing abouthim. I do not know why he has waked
up now. He has slept about a year on these let-
ters that he complains of, and never before asked
me to produce them; he never denied what they
contained in all my conversations with him; he
never pretended to deny that it was just as the
statement was in the letter of Mr. Davis and my-
self. He spoke to me to inquire about the letter.
1 told htm we had such a letter, but that I had it
at home and would produce it if necessary. He
did not say that he wanted to see it, or 1 would
have sent for it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Did I not tell the Senator
from Ohio distinctly that I had never written to
any person in Louisiana on the subject of that
bill,and that I had never had a eonveisation with
the President about it until the bill passed?
Mr. WADE, i do notiemember that theSen-
ator said so.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I certainly did.
