1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. W-ADE. I do not remember that the Sen-
ator said one word of that kind. 1 will not say-
he did not, because I did not treasure up much of
what he said. I did not think it very important
then, nor do I now. But enough as to that gen-
tleman. He is the peculiar defender of the Pres-
ident! I fear the President will fare very hard
unless he has better support, as I said before;
but I care nothing about that; it is between him
and the President. The President, I suppose,
will stand on his own foundation and I shall en-
deavor to stand on mine. I have not attacked
the President. Sometimes when I have thought
the President was wrong, I have attacked the
thing he has done that I believed to be wrong. I
think the Senate of the United States has some
independent duties of its own to perform. I
do not think that it always consists with the
honor even of the President that we should be his
mere servants, obeying everything that we may
ascertain to be his wish and will, because he is
not always wiser than the whole of us or a ma-
jority of us. I have not said he was unwise, nor
have I said he was wise. I have not criticised
the President at all. I have criticised some of
his acts, and I have disapproved of some of them;
and the Senator believes that is a violent attack
upon the President which needs rebuke here!
Why did he not turn to me and make that rebuke
at first ? He got up and made his statements and
did not apply them to me until he was rebuked
from higher quarters, and then he turned around
and went back to his old speech and recapitulated
it and said that he meant me by the old speech,
and thereby sought to get rid of the new one to-
day. That is what he was after; and he was
properly rebuked for it.
What is more arrogant than for any Senator to
rise on this floor and arraign the whole body as
being in hostility to the President of the United
States merely because a resolution of inquiry is
offered? The Senator says we have no right to
question the President for anything; it is an im-
peachment of Ins wisdom to do so. Why, sir,
resolutions of this kind are the business of almost
every morning hour. It is this peculiar " friend"
of the President, one of "the kingja friends,"
that must rise here in opposition to it! The Pres-
ident is not opposed to it that ever I heard of. I
suppose the President is perfectly willing—nay, I
am not certain but that he is anxious, and I have
understood that he is anxious—to give the Senate
such information on this subject as they may ask
of him. I have heard from a gentleman—as good
a 44 friend," who ought at least to be quite as
good a friend as the Senator—that the President
rather desired and wished to give us the informa-
tion called for by this resolution. I will not say
that the fact is so, but i have been so informed.
Whether it be so or not, however, the President
has initiated a proceeding of the utmost conse-
quence to the nation; he has held a conference
with leading enemies of the country with regard
to the great question of peace or war. Is the Sen-
ate of tiie United States not interested in such
questions? When these tremendous issues are
pending, are we to be told that the Senate of the
United States has no right to look into them?
The Senator seems to suppose so.
i should like to know what the Senator thinks
the people of Wisconsin have sent him here for.
Has he anything to do for them? Has he any
judgment of his own to exercise upon any ques-
tion? and if upon any question, what more im-
portant than that m the midst of this gigantic war
we shall know what kind of negotiations have been
entered into, what offers have been made pro and
con., whataie the probabilities of the result? The
whole nation stands on tiptoe to ascertain. The
people know that questions of the most vital in-
terest have been pending bet ween the President of
the United States and the emissaries of the rebel
chief. What offers did he make, and what offers
did they reject? Can any question more import-
ant than this arise before the American people,
and is a Senator to be rebuked upon this floor
and told that he is doing something which does
not belong to him, that he is an intermeddler with
the private business of the President, when he
assumes to ask him m respectful language, "Sir,
if the public interest is not opposed to it, please
to communicate to the Senate of the United States
what passed thereat that conference between you
and the enemies of the country ?" This its im-
pertinent* in the opinion of "the king's friend;"
but, sir, the " king" himself does not consider it
so. Abraham Lincoln never objected to a fair
inquiry like this, nor, in my judgment, will he
thank his " friend" for interposing in his behalf
in a case of this kind.
Sir, I did say on a former occasion that I thought
there was great impropriety in this meeting, and
I have not altered my mind on that subject. I
wish to God that the President had taken a dif-
ferent view from that by which he seems to have
been actuated. I wish the President had con-
ceived it incompatible with the high position he
holds as the President of the United States to
proceed to meet the emissaries of the rebel chief,
i think it was a condescension not very honora-
ble to the nation, on his part; but he has done it,
and good may come of it for aught I know. He
took one view of the subject and I another; but
being a Senator upon this floor, I entertain my
opinion as strongly and as firmly as the Presi-
dent does his. He may be right and I may be
wrong, but there is nothing in the relation be-
tween the President and the Senate that requires
me to get on my knees and humiliate myself be-
fore him, and say these great questions of public
interest do not belong to me as well as to the
President. I am responsible to the State of Ohio,
nay, to the whole nation, as much ashe is, for the
way that this thing shall come out. I want to know
what he is doing. We have invested him with
vast powers, says the gentleman. So we have;
and is it not the business of a free people, is it not
the business of the Senate of the United States, to
watch the President, and see how he exercises
the vast powers we have conferred upon him? I
know of nothing more important in our position
than that, although we have the utmost confidence
in the President, on these great questions we shall
look into his acts; we shall call for all the facts,
because we are ultimately to act upon them, as
well as the President of the United States. Why
should we not respectfully ask him, 44 Sir, if
there is nothing incompatible with the public in-
terest in telling us what you have done, let us
know whatit is." Is thereanythingmore import-
ant than to know what propositions he did make
to the rebels, on what terms he did agree that
there should be an amnesty; what offers on our
part they so arrogantly rejected? These are
questions that the Senator thinks we have noth-
ing to do with; these are questions which he thinks
do not interest the Senate of the United States,
lie thinks this interview was a mere personal
amusement of the President, with which the Sen-
ate has nothing to do, and in regard to which it
is impertinent to inquire. Sir, 1 scout all such
ideas.
I care nothing for the gentleman's attack to-day.
As 1 said before, he will not provoke a reply from
me. Perhaps I ought not to say a word in reply,
as I did not before. I care nothing for what lie
has said; 1 think nothing about it; I even bear
him no malice for anything he can say, for I have
never had anything to do with him and never
want to have. [Laughter.] I did say on a former
occasion that I intended to know, if there was
power in this body to ascertain, what it was that
that negotiation was about. 1 thought it inter-
esting, and I thought we ought to have it, and I
declared that if the Senate had the power to get
the information 1 would know. I should have
introduced such a resolution as this long before
now, but very soon after I took my seat on mak-
ing those lemarks to which I have just alluded
the Senator from Massachusetts offered a resolu-
tionahnost in the exact teims of that which I
would have presented, and I was content with it,
glad that he had taken the matter under his wing,
and was not disposed to say a single word on the
subject, only glad that the inquiry was to be made,
willing and anxious to vote for the resolution m
silence, without saying a word, hut hero I must
be provoked by this uncalled-for attack of the
Senator, repeating his old speech against me, and
trying to make it offensive by saying that he
meant me, and me alone, or the Senator from Ken-
tucky and myself. What a poor miserable ap-
peal to what he supposes to be the prejudices that
exist on one side and the other of tins Chamber!
What fine statesmanship for a " ftiend" of the
President here, instead of undertaking to make
ppace and conciliation in this great council of the
United States, to descend to the lowest depths of
demagogism in order to provoke a controversy
between mo and those who are disposed to agree
with me upon a certain proposition that we sup-
pose to be right! How did he suppose that a
gentleman worthy a seat upon thisfloor was going
to be swayed by such an appeal as that?
Sir, I rejoice when on the other side of the
Chamber 1 find gentlemen who agree with me in
regard to any great question that concerns Aha
country. I am glad we are not divided always.
We have been divided, we frequently are divided
in opinion, so that we have to battle sharply to
maintain our different positions. I tegret that
always; and nothing pleases me more than when
I think I am right to be confirmed in that opin-
ion by finding that statesmen on the other side of
the Chamber rise and express their agreement
with me and their intention to vote intompany
with me. On the occasion referred to more than
two thirds of the Senate voted as 1 did ; and yet
I am to be arraigned here as the enemy of the
President, and the Senator says his remarks ap-
plied to nobody but me. Because I advocated a
position which commanded the votes of more than
two thirds of the Senate, and because the Sena-
tor from Kentucky and some other gentlemen on
the other side of the Chamber agreed to a prop-
osition which it was so manifest to everybody
ought to pass, I am to be arraigned. He is par-
ticular to tell the Senate that he means the Sena-
tor from Ohio, and the attack is made on me for
agreeing with a Senator on the other side! I say
again, the Senator thus appeals to the low, mis-
erable prejudices of party spirit on the floor of the
Senate; and he tells us that he hurls his anath-
emas not at the Senate, but at the Senator from
Ohio; and yet I was speaking the sentiments, if
I understand the vote, of two thirds of the mem-
bers of this body. I was contpnt with the sub-
stance. My position was maintained strongly
against all lie could say, and I thought I might
well set off the vote sustaining me against a
poor, miserable, demagogical speech that anybody
might make anywhere. The substantial thing
was that a triumphant vote of the Senate of the
United States sustained me in my position; and
the Senator says he gave me a sound thrashing
for holding such opinions, and that he did not
mean to attack any other members of the Senate.
Did not others argue the same question ? Did not
others give the same vote? Did not his remarks
as well apply to them as to me? If I was Pilate
and the Senator from Kentucky was Herod, were
there not a great many Pilates and Herods on both
sides of this Chamber on that same subject? The
Senator from Kentucky and myself do not dis-
agiee more than the Senator from Wisconsin dis-
agrees with a large majority of the Senate of the
United States. But I am to bo singled out, and
old things that have slept for a year are to be
brought up against me, because another Senator
properly sees fit to rebuke the Senator from Wis-
consin for his unprovoked attack upon the Sen-
ate itself, and he parries it by saying, " I, the
the other day, attacked the Senator frotp Ohio; I
attacked him personally; I did not speak for the
Senate; I did not speak for the country; I hurled
my anathemas at the Senator from Ohio, and the
rest of you ought not to complain, because I did
not mean you." The Senate agreed with me in
my argument; but he did not mean to attack the
Senate, he meant to attack the Senator from Ohio!
Sir, in an hour like this, when the nation is en-
gaged in a gigantic struggle with the worst ene-
mies that the world ever saw, and we are delib-
erating how best we can extricate the country
from this condition, I envy not the Senator who
so far forgets his duty to the country and to the
Senate itself as to rise here and make a speech of
an hour and a half or two hours barely to lecture
the Senator from Ohio or anybody else. Poor
"friend" of the President! Miserable prop, to
maintain his dignity by an attack on me! It
does not make much difference to the President
whether the attack succeeds or fails. The Pres-
ident will not care much about it either way. But
that is the Senator's excuse. He made the longest,
fir rcest, most vindictive speech I have heard in the
Senate since the rebels ran away; and now he says
he meant it nearly all for me*and a little portion
of it for the Senator from Kentucky, who seemed
to care as little about it as I did. That Senator
handled the subject so well that if I had been dis-
posed to say anything afterward I could not have
