egr«-y
KSSloXAL (il.OHK.
hi I fi I I I ' 1 III!    ■ ' h   «#*.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF .COMPRESS, PUBLISHED BY E. & J. RIVES, WA8HIN&gqy,'
NBW.SEB.JES.,...N*oi
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1865.
reasonably satisfactory and encouraging to all.
With' high hope for the future, no prediction in
regard to it is ventured.
On the occasion corresponding to this four
years ago, all thoughts were anxiously directed
to an impending civil war. All dreaded it; all
sought to avert it. While the inaugural address
was being delivered from this place, devoted al-
together to saving the Union without war, insur-
gent agents were in the city seeking to destroy it
without war—seeking to dissolve the Union, and
divide effects, by negotiation. Both parties dep-
recated war; but one of them would make war
rather than let the nation survive; and the other
would accept war rather than let it perish. And
the war came.
One eighth of the whole population were col-
ored slaves, not distributed generally over the
Union, but localized in the southern part of it.
These slaves constituted a peculiar and powerful
interest. All knew that this interest was, some-
how, the cause of the war. To strengthen, per-
petuate, and extend this interest was the object
for which the insurgents would rend the Union,
even by war; while the Government claimed no
right to do more than to restrict the territorial en-
largement of it. Neither party expected for the
war the magnitude or the duration which it has
already attained. Neither anticipated that the
cause of the conflict might cease with, or even
before, the conflict itself should cease. Each
looked for an easier triumph, and a result less
fundamental and astounding. Both read the same
Bible, and pray to the same God; and each in-
vokes His aid against the other. It may seem
strange that any men should dare to ask a just
God's assistance in wringing their bread from
the sweat'of other men's faces; but let us judge
not, that we be not judged. The prayers of both
could not be answered; that of neither has been
answered fully. The Almighty has His own pur-
poses. " Woe unto the world because of offenses!
for it must needs be that offenses-come; but woe
to that man by whom the offense comelh." If
we shall suppose American slavery is one of those
offenses which, in the providence of God, must
needs come, but which, having continued througn
His appointed time, He now wills to remove,
andUhat He gives to both North and South this
terrible war, as the woe due to those by whom
the offense came, shall we discern therein any
departure from those divine attributes which the
beiievers in a living God always ascribe to Him?
Fondly do we hope, fervently do we pray, that
this mighty scourge of war may speedily pass
away. Yet, if God wills that it continue until
all the wealth piled by thp bondman's two hun-
dred and fifty years of unrequited toil shall be
sunk, and until every drop of blood drawn with
the lash (shall be paid by another diawn with the
sword, as was said three thousand years ago, so
still it must be said," The judgments of the Lord
are true and righteous altogether."
With malice toward none, with charity for all,
with firmness in the right, as God gives us to see
the right, let us strive on to finish the work we
are in; to bind up the nation's wounds; to care
for him who shall have borne the battle, and tor
his widow,and his orphan; to do all which may
achieve and cherish a just and a lasting; peace
among ourselves ami with all nations.
Theoath of office was then administered to him
by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court.
The Senate returned to their Chamber; and on
motion of Mr. Trumbull, the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Monday, March 6, 1865.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved
Hon. Charles R.Buckalew, of Pennsylvania,
and Hon. Peter G. Van Winkle, of West Vir-
ginia, attended. -
Hon/ WiiifHD Saulsdury, chosen by the Le-
gislature ofthe Sts^te of Delaware a Senator lor
the term commencing on the 4'-h day, of March,
I8G5, appeared, and the, oaths prescribed by law
90
having been administered to him, he took his
seat in the Senate.
NOTIFICATION TO THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. MORGAN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee of two members be ap-
pointed by the Vice President to wait upon the President
ofthe United States and inform him that a quorum ofthe
Senate was assembled, anil that the Senate is ready 1(> re-
ceive any communication lie may be pleased to make.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed Messrs.'
Morgan and Guthrie as the committee.
HOUlt OP MEETING.
On motion of Mr. COWAN, it was
Ordered, That the hour of the daily meeting nf the Sen-
ate, until otherwise ordered, be twelve o'clock m.
INTOXICATING LIQUORS IN THE CAPITOL.
Mr. WILSON. I submit the following reso-
lution. I do not propose to call it up for action
to-day, but shall do so to-morrow:
Resolved, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be, and lie Is here-
by, directed to remove forthwith fiom so much of the Cap-
itol as is under his care all intoxicating liquors, and here-
after to exclude liquors in every form from the Senate
portion of the Capitol.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not consider it at once?
Mr. WILSON. I did not know but that some
Senators might wish time to consider it. I am
ready to act upon it.
Mr. POMEROY. I am ready.
Mr. JOHNSON. So am I.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot in
the chair.) It can be considered by unanimous
consent. Is there any objection to its present
consideration? No objection being made, the
question is on the adoption of the resolution.
The resolution was adopted.
MILEAGE TO CLAIMANTS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I offer the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary be instructed to pay, out of
the contingent fund of the Senate, the usual mileage to
Elisll'a Baxter and William M. Fallback, respectively, as
claimants for seats in the Senate from Arkansas, and
Charles Smith and It. King Cutici, respectively, claimants
for seats in the Senate irom Louisiana at the second ses-
sion of this Cottgrcbs.
Mr. SUMNER. I object to that resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection being
made, it lies over under the rule.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Perhaps the Senator
will allow me to move that it lie over, and not fol-
low it so vindictively. I move, with the permission
ofthe Senator from Massachusetts, that it lie over
until to-morrow.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It lies upon
the table, under the rule, objection being made.
Mr. LANE,-of Kansas. I hope the Senator
from Massachusetts will withdraw his objection.
Mr. SUMNER. I must object to the resolu-
tion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It lies over,
and is not the subject of discussion at this time.
RESOLUTION ERRONEOUSLY ENROLLED.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If there isnothing before
the Senate, I desire to make a statement and then
to make a motion for the raising of a committee.
It will be remembered by those who were mem-,
bersof the Congress just closed that there was a
protracted disagreement between the two Houses
of Congress on the Army appropriation bill, aris-
ing out of a proviso attached to that bill providing
that no money appropriated by the bill should be
used for the payment of the transportation of
troops or property of the United States upon any
railroads that had received grants of land from the
Government to aid in their construction on con-
dition that the roads should be public highways
and free for the transportation of goods of the Uni-
ted States. The House had attached that proviso
to the Army appropriation bill. ' When it came
to the Senate, the Senate disagreed to it, and it
went back to the House, and the House refused
to concur in the disagreement of the Senate. A
committee of conference was raised, but' was una-
ble to agree. A second committee was had,and V
were unable to agree, but agreed uponjall theprb-
visions in controversy between the two Houses
except this one in regard to the payment for thh
transportation of troops on the land-grant roads.'
Both Houses concurred in that report, thus har-
rowing the matter down to thissinglequestion pf
dispute. Another committee was then appointed
upon that single point. That committee ofcon-
ference reported that they were unable to agree.
My friend from New York [Mr. Harris], was
chairman of the last committee of conference that,
met. Thereupon the Senate on that report ifc-'
sisted upon its amendment to strikeout from the
Army appropriation bill this proviso, and sent
their action to the House, and the House then
receded from its disagreement to the Senate's
amendment, and the Army bill" became a lavir
without this provision in it. There, I supposed",
the matter was ended.
I learned yesterday that, notwithstanding this
action of both Houses of Congress, there wa#
presented to the President of the United'Stores,
for his signature, on Saturday, ajoiut resolution
purporting to have passed both Houses of^Coii-1
gress, and to have passed the Senate here on Sat-
urday morning, providing that no money should
be paid to any land-grant railroad for the trans-
portation ofthe troops and property ofthe Uni-
ted States, and directing the Attorney General to
bring suit against any railroad company which
had received any compensation for the transpor-
tation of the property of the Government. This
joint resolution was regularly signed by the
Speaker of the House of Representatives, and
the Vice President, and went to the President for
his signature. Now, sir, 1 undertake to say 
Mr. SHERMAN. Did that pass this body?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It purports to have passed
this body. It never passed this body, in my
judgment. It certainly did not have the consider-
ation of the body. The Senate had voted more
than two to one  ''
Mr. HOWE. What is its number?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is No. 161.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Was it approved?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir; it has not been
approved by the President. The President was
notified of this action, and he withheld his signa-
ture to it.
Mr. GRIMES. Is it in a bill by itself?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a proposition by it-
self. It is very manifest to me 
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will permit me,
I think I can explain this matter to his satisfac-
tion , and to the satisfaction of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 hope there ran be an
explanation, and I shall be very glad if it rs an
innocent one.
Mr. CLARK. It will be remembered that on
the last night of the session, or the last morning
of the session, the Senate, by a very emphatic
vote, passed a bill for the relief of Josiah 0.
Armes. It went back to the House, and the en-
rolling officer of the House, instead of enrolling
the bill for the relief of Josiah O. Armes, enrolled
the resolution that the Senator speaks of; and so
Armes has lost his bill, and the Senator has got
on his railroad what he is now speaking about.
Mr. GRIMES. Who did that?
Mr. CLARK. The eurolling clerks of the
House.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that is so, I think it
deserves to be inquired into.
Mr. CLARK. I am informed that it is s®.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it was never acted
upon in this body at all.
Mr. CLARK. I do not understand that it was.
I have no knowledge of it; but I know that niy
friend Armes has lost his bill.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it the record will
show if there was any action upon it.
Mr. W1LS0N. That explains the matter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that explanation satis-
factory ? 'Will tlie Senate of the United States
rest satisfied with such an explanation?
