THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
added a word to what I believe, in the judgment
of the Senate, was his triumphant vindication of
himself and, I thought, incidentally of me. So I
dropped it; and now I drop it again, hoping that
this resolution will pass, because I believe that
things transpired in that conference which the
Senate of the United States ought to know. I
think the President ought to tell us what propo-
sitions he made to these scoundrels, and what
they rejected, that the whole country may know
how we stand related to them. Did they main-
tain their old arrogance? Did they reject propo^
sitions that w«re most reasonable to be made ? Or
did the President fail to make any propositions
or terms that ordinary men should have complied
with? Are not these things matters that the Sen-
ate ought to know; and if they ought to know
them, now else can they reach that knowledge,
except by a resolution like this, respectful in its
terms, calling on the President to disclose to us
whatever transpired, that, in his judgment, it is
not incompatible with the public interest to let
us know? That is all there is ofit; and the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin thinks that is a violent attack
on the President against the peace and dignity of
the country. Sir, there is nothing wrong about
it. There is nothing in it that the President
would not agree to. I have made no attack on
the President. I maintain this resolution with-
out fear of any rebuke from the President of the
United States or anybody else, except the Sena-
tor from "Wisconsin. And, sir, I have done with
him. I have marked his course a long time. I
do not know why he has become so venomous
toward me. I have never had anything to do
with him. I have no disposition to enter into
any negotiations with him on any subject what-
ever. I am willing here to leave him the defender
of the President. Whenever I see fit to attack
the President when he is wrong, I shall do it just
as quick if this Cerberus stood in the way bark-
ing as though there was no opposition whatever;
it would make no difference with me.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, this de-
nunciation of the Senator from Ohio will not pro-
voke my temper. I have never expressed myself
as angry to the Senator from Ohio. I have spoken
to the Senator from Ohio' in earnestness, and I
usually speak in earnestness on every subject
when 1 address the Senate. 1 said in reference to
the Senator from Oliio that in the language which
he used in his speech he did attack the Adminis-
tration and the President in the strongest terms
possible to be used; but have I used any expres-
sion of anger toward the Senator from Ohio ? Not
at all. I have spoken of his language toward the
Administration and the Executive; t have de-
nounced the language, denounced the position,
and I have done it heretofore; I shall do it here-
after, undoubtedly. When the Senator assumes
that I stand here to speak as the special friend of
the Executive, he is entirely mistaken. I admit
that I am one among the friends of the Executive,
and when I think the Executive is right in the
course that he pursues, I propose to defend him
against all the denunciations the Senator from
Ohio can make, has ever made, or may hereufter
make, when he is wrong in making them.
Now, Mr. President, the Senator from Ohio in
this very speech says the President was wrong
in consenting to go down to Fortress Monroe to
listen to the propositions of any individuals on
the subject of peace; that it was undignified and
unbecoming his great presidential office which
he fills to do so. The Senator the other day in
the midst of his denunciatory and inflammatory
speech, went on to declare to the Senate, in de-
nunciation of that proceeding, that he desired to
know, and he vowed that he would know if there
was power enough in the Senate to compel the
knowledge to be given, what transpired between
the President and those gentlemen. Sir, when
that gentleman asks and prays for peace here
among the friends of the Administration is it for
him to begin war on the Administration; war on
its friends, denunciation of the Executive in ad-
vance, without knowing the circumstances under
which he met those gentlemen, denouncing it in
ignorance of all that has occurred, and declare that
the power of the Semite was to be used to compel
the truth of all that to be disclosed to the Senate
and the country ? I suppose the honorable Sena-
tor from Ohio is thinking about "running" this
Administration by the committee on the conduct
of the war, assuming that instead of the Presi-
dent of the United States controlling the Army,
granting amnesty, listening to propositions for
peace, for laying down the arms of the rebels, the
committee on the conduct of the war must be con-
sulted; the Senate must exercise its power and
go into all this administration and see what
amnesty ought to be tendered by the President,
whether pardon should be granted if their arms
should be laid down, orupomvhat terms 1
Let me say to the honorable Senator from Ohio,
once for all, that I claim no more to be a sup-
porter of the Administration than any other gen-
tleman on this floor; and I am no more a supporter
of the Administration than he, in my judgment,
ought to be in good faith, from the position that
he holds, because I believe that the interests of
this country and the interests of the Government
depend upon our giving the Administration a fair,
a cordial, and a united support in the great struggle
tJirough which we are passing. I do not ask the
Senator from Ohio to go against his own convic-
tions and to sustain what he does not believe; I
do not ask him to do wrong, to violate his own
conscience; nor do I expect to violate my own
conscience, nor will I support any measure which
I believe to be wrong. I claim for myself the same
independence which I am willing to give to him;
but what I say to the Senator from Ohio is, that
he has no right to begin a denunciation in advance
of the action of the Executive when he knows
nothing of the facts, as he did time and again, the
other day, in his speech denouncing this whole
proceeding by which the President of the United
States has, it is said, held these conferences with
those gentlemen and listened to the proposals that
they made. Why should the Senator from Ohio
denounce it in advance ? Why should he threaten
the Executive with the whole power of the Senate
to compel the disclosure of all that occurred be-
tween them? Why all these muttering threats
from the Senator from Ohio in advance of his
knowing what had occurred?
Mr. President, I have not denounced this res-
olution as coming from the Senator from Massa-
chusetts as an attack on the President. I have
said, and the strongest expression 1 have used in
relation to it is, that 1 believed it was unwise to
make the inquiry in the present state of the cir-
cumstances. I did go on and say fuither that it
was the usual mode which was adopted when
attacks were made upon the Administration by
an opposition. It seems to piesuppose that the
President of the United States will not voluntarily
disclose to Congress what it is necessary should
be disclosed, or that something has occurred
which, as the Senator from Ohio himself says, in
his opinion does not conform to the dignity of
the high position that he holds; that he has been
doing something derogatory to his character as
President of the United Srates, as the Senator
believes.
Now, sir, I come to speak to the Senator from
Ohio. He says that I have no right to speak
particularly of him. I think I have some right
when the Senator connects mo personally with
the Executive in a public charge circulated all
over the country, alleging that I had been m some
conspiracy with the Executive to defeat the proper
action of Congress upon a bill that was then pend-
ing. I tell the Senator from Ohio that I never
passed one word with the President on the sub-
ject of the bill to which he referred until it had
passed. I complain of that.
But the Senator says that is an old matter that
has been asleep. Having expressed myself on
it, if the Senator so desires, it can sleep. If the
Senator thinks that upon this floor, between all
parties here who claim to support the Govern-
ment in this great crisis, it is our duty that we
should be at peace one with another, I am ready for
peace. Rut in order that that peace may be main-
tained, I insist that the Senator from Ohio shall
not, in every speech that he makes on this floor,
travel out of the record unnecessarily to denounce
the Executive as wanting nerve, wanting blood,
failing in the perfotmance of his duty, denoun-
cing him for this very proceeding which is called
for by the resolution as undignified, not comport-
ing with the piesidential office, and threatening
in advance that he will bring the power of the
Senate to compel the disclosure of all that has
there occurred.
Mr. WADE. 1 want to put one question to
the Senator. If I am supposed to be guilty of
all these improprieties what has he to do about
it particularly? What charge has he over me ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I claim no authority over
the Senator from Ohio, but the Senator from Ohio
must not make war on me if he expects to have
peace.
Mr. WADE. I wish barely to say that in all
the things about which the Senator accuses me,
I had not mentioned his name orthoughtofhim;
and why does he talk about my attack on him?
He seems to consider what he calls an attack on
the President as an attack on him. I have not
mentioned his name, nor would I do so now but
for the fact that having got into a liule contro-
versy with another Senator, he turns around and
repeats his old speech and says he meant it all
for me then and now. I care nothing about it.
He says there may be peace or war between
us. It will not disturb me very much whether
there be peace or whethertherebe war. I reckon
I shall always "pursue the even tenor of my
way" here very much as I have done heretofore,
and I doubt whether I shall think of the Senator
three times during the whole session, and cer-
tainly not unless he wakes me upas he has done
now when I was not dreaming of him at all, and
had not for a month.
The resolution was agreed to.
POSTAL LAWS.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill with a view to reference.
Mr. COLLAMER. I object to everything
until my little bill is finished.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foster.)
The bill (S. No. 390) relating to the postal laws
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. COLLAMER. In pursuance of the re-
quest of members I had the honor to go through
with the bill, explaining its various provisions,
until 1 reached the last section, the seventeenth.
In 18G3, Congress, on the recommendation of the
head of the Department, adopted a plan to enable
him to put in operation the free-delivery system,
and in order to do that it was provided that on all
dropletteis t\vo cents postage should be prepaid,
and with that money it was thought he would pro-
cure the free-delivery of mail matter in most of
our cities and large towns. It was in consequence
of that assurance that the law was passed. The
present head of the Department finds, as he thinks,
under the experiments made by his predecessor
and himself, that the two cents which is received
on diop letters does not anything like pay the ex-
pense of the system of free delivery, and there-
fore he cannot carry on that system in many of
the citiesand towns where it has been established,
and he has been compelled to suspend it. He so
construes the law which provided for free deli very
that he cannot have a penny post to deli ver letters,
as formerly was the case, and the seventeenth
section of this bill is to so construe that law as
not to forbid that. It is so framed as to say that
the act of J 8G3 shall receive that construction.
The committee on examining the subject were
willing that where he could not sustain his free-
delivery system he might have the penny post,
but that in such cases he should have out one cent
postage on drop letters. The additional cent was
given to pay for the delivery, and if there is no
free delivery vve think the postage should be but
one cent on drop letters. That is to say, for in-
stance the people m Dover or Salem shall not pay
two cents on their drop letters in order to enable
Boston and New Yoik to have theirs delivered
free. We therefore propose in this section to
amend the law by providing that the Postmaster
Genetal may set up a penny post where he does
not have free delivery, in his discretion; but that
in that case the postage on the drop letters shall
be but one cent. It is further provided that in
those cities in which there are at least fifty thou-
sand population he shall establish the free-delivery
system; meaning thereby that if it cannot be made
eflicientfor that purpose we shall not have it atall.
There is also an additional section recommended
as an amendment by the committee, beyond the
seventeenth section as printed in the original bill.
This new section may perhaps well claim some
attention, and it may be liable to some objection.
It is now proposed to be inserted in the form in
which the Department recommended'. I am not
