1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
inform him that a quorum of the Senate was pres-
ent ready to proceed to business and ready to re-
ceive any communication he might be pleased to
4 make,reported that they had performed that duty,
and the President had informed them that he
would immediately make communications to the
Senate in writing.
Mr. J. G. Nicolat, the President's Secretary,
appeared below the bar, and announced that he
was directed by the President of the United States
to deliver to the Senate several messages in writ-
"*h. PRESIDING OFFICER. The messages
are of an executive character.
Mr. NYE. • I move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE,
Tuesday, March 7, 1865.
The Secretary (Hon. John W. Forney) called
the Senate to order,
ELECTION OF PRESIDENT PKO TEMPORE.
Mr. FOOT, I am authorized to say that the
Vice President will not be in attendance in the
Senate this morning. It therefore becomes neces-
sary that the Senate proceed to the appointment
of a President pro tempore of the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. I submit the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That in the absence of the Vice President Hon.
La Fayette S, Foster, of Connecticut be, and he is
hereby, elaosen President of the Senate pro tempore.
The Secretary put the question on the resolu-
tion, and it was unanimously adopted, and Mr.
Foster took the chair.
Mr. CLARK. I submit the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved) That the Secretary wait upon the President of
the United States and inform him that the Senate, in the
absence of the Vice President, has chosen Hon. La. Fay-
ette S. Foster, of Counecucut, President of the Senate
pro tempore.
Ther resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
JOURNAL.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas., I desire- to present the
•credentials of William D. Snow, Senator-elect
from the State of Arkansas.
Mr. SUMNER. The Journal hasnotbeen read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
wiU suggest that the Journal of yesterday has not
been read, which is the first business in order.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings will now
ha read.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
ABSOLUTIONS FROM NEVADA.
Mr. NYE presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Nevada, in favor of the establishment
of railroad communication between the navigable
waters of the Pacific and the mining districts of
Nevada; whichr were read, ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
REGENT OF SMITHSONIAN INSTITUTION.
Mv- FOOT submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the President of the Senate appoint a
regent of the Smithsonian Institution on the part of the
JS-emvte in the vacancy now existing in the regents thus ap-
pointed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Fes-senden.
SENATORS FROM ARKANSAS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I now present the
credentials, and 1 ask that they maybe read and
laid upon the table until the committees are or-,
ganized.
Mr. HOWARD. What credentials are they?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
did not understand the Senator from Kansas to
state what credentials they were.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I stated that they
were the credentials of Mr. Snow, Senator-elect
from the State of Arkansas, from the 4th of March. *
Mr. HOWARD. I object to the reception of
those credentials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection is
made to the reception of the credentials. What
order will the Senate take in the premises?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I will ask a vote if
I am'entitled to it.
> The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, shall the credentials presented be received?
Mr. JOHNSON. I understood the first mo-
tion was to lay them on the table until the com-
mittees are appointed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thatwasthe
motion; but objection is made to the credentials
being received; and the question therefore i3,
shall the credentials be received ?
Mr. HOWARD. As has been stated in this
body repeatedly, the State of Arkansas is in in-
surrection against the United States. It is so
declared by several proclamations of the Presi-
dent of the United States, made in pursuance of
an act of Congress. The President has neVer
revoked any one of those proclamations; and,
so far as we know, the state of war which has
heretofore existed within the limits of Arkansas
still exists there; and Arkansas, as a political
community, is at war with the United States, is
unjustly, criminally, engaged in war with the
United States. Her people, therefore, are the
enemies of the United States, seeking to over-
throw the Government of theUnited States,using
all their faculties to put an end to that Govern-
ment, and to establish upon its ruins the so-called
confederate government. I insist that while this
condition of things endures in Arkansas, while
she is recognized as a community hostile to the
United States and the Government thereof, and
as waging actual hostilities against us, it is not
the right of the people of that State in any form
whatever to send their Representatives or Sena-
tors to the Congress of the United States. They
have no right to send Senators and Representa-
tives here because the constituents whom they
assume to represent are enemies of the United
States; and a constituency hostile to this Gov-
ernment, I insist, has no right to be represented
in this Government at all.
Sir, it is an insult to the loyal States of this
Union to ask to have Senators and Representatives
inaugurated here to participate in the enactment
of laws and in the transaction of public business,
to have them participate with you, and me, sir,
whose constituents are not disloyal but faithful
to the Union. I can conceive of no greater ab-
surdity than this attempt to foist upon us Senators
of a so-called State which is at war with theUni-
ted States of America, seeking to overthrow our
Constitution.
I say nothing about the claimants to seats from
that State or from any other State. For aught I
know they may be very honest, very excellent,
and very competent gentlemen to exercise the
rights and duties of Senators of the United States.
That question does notarise at all. The great
question which arises in limine, the question
which, of all others, the Senate ought to decide
deliberately and upon the fullest consideration, is
this, whether a State whose people, as a mass,
are the enemies of the United States, seeking to
overthrow the Government thereof, has any right
at all to b! inducted into office here. Sir, it is in
vain to tell me that the people in their original
capacity have a right to reorganize a government
where they are hostile to the Government of the
United States; and it is equally vain to tell me
that the President of the United Stares has any
power or authority whatever to impart to a rebel
and hostile community the right of being repre-
sented in the Senate or in the House. As I re-
marked before, it would be as reasonable to ajlow
a foreign country with whom the United States
were actually at war the right of being represented
in Congress as to allow a rebel State, in like
mannerat war with the United States, to be repie-
scnted.hcre.
I think, therefore, that the proper time and oc-
casion for meeting this great question is upon the
presentment of the credentials themselves. We
hive no business to accept them; they have no
business even upon our tables. Your constituents
and mine, and the constituents of all Senators
who represent loyal and faithful States, forbid it.
I do not wish to occupy the time of the Senate
upon this question. It is sprung upon us again
very unexpectedly "to me; but I certainly shall
not cease to make opposition to this attempt to
introduce Senators here who have no States to
represent. I shall seek to do my duty in that
regard. . ;
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Mr. President, :w&
have already received credentials from Senators-,
elect from the States of Louisiana and Arkansas*
It is to me a most singular announcement that it
is an insult to the Senate of the United States for
loyal men in insurrectionary districts to petition,
in a respectful manner to this body. The doc--
trine that loyal men even in insurrectionary dis-
tricts are to be denied the right of petition sounds,
harshly upon my ears.
Mr. HOWARD. It is impossible that the Sen-
ator from Kansas could have heard what I said.^
and understood it. I certainly intimated nothing
of the kind as that the petitions of loyal men are
not to be received here. What I said was, that
it is an insult to the faithful States, that States in
rebellion against the United States should claim
to be represented here by their Senators or in the
other House by their Representatives. I said
nothing about the right of petition. if"
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I did notkmisunder-
stand the Senator from Michigan. Hedid assert
that it was .an insult to this bodyand to the loyal
States to receive these credentials. That was the
assertion made by the Senator. He will not
deny—if he does, he denies that which he knows
to be true—that these credentials emanate from
men as loyal as he or any other member of this ■
body. These organizations of Arkansas, and of
Louisiana, and ofTennessee, are organizations of
loyal men who have suffered more for the cause
of the Union than that Senator, or any other Sen-
ator upon this floor, and much more than his con-
stituents.
In my opinion this is a paper partaking of th®
character of a petition from loyal, faithful, suffer-
ing, devoted men; and for a Senator here to rise in
his place and before the country deny the reception
of a petition from loyal men is an insult to the mem-
ory of our fathers who framed that Constitution
which we claim to be the palladium of liberty, and
which was designed for the protection of just such
men as make this petition. The credentials of Sen-
ators-elect from Louisianahavebeen received;and
shall we now insult the loyal men of Aikansas by
refusing a similar petition ? Shall we say to those
men, i( We so despise and hate you, because you
have been placed in a false position, not by a
majority of the people of the State, but by a mi-
nority who happened to be in power; not by your
own act, but by the act of the men who coerced
you, that we will deny you the constitutional
right of petition ?" The Senatorfrom Michigan
does not mean it. He cannot mean that it shall
go before the country that the petition of these
people, who are trying to reconstruct their Siate,
who are trying, amid dangers and difficulties, to
lestore that State to the Union, shali be insult-
ingly refused and rejected.
Mr. CONNESS. For one I have no objection
to the reception of these credentials, and that they
be read and laid on the table; but it appears to
me that the Senator frorri Kansas presents these
applications more persistently than may be done
with propriety or regard to the oft-expressed
wishes of the Senate upon the question involved.
I will not say how my vote would have been had
the Louisiana question been brought to a vote
before Congress adjourned; but it is clear to the
Senate and to the country that there is great im-
propriety in pressing forward these applications
in the manner in which they have been pressed
forward for the admission of Senators from those
States.
The Senator from Kansas had seated by his
side and under his patronage heie for many days
and weeks a gentleman named Fishback, whose
ciedentials were presented as a Senator from the
State of Arkansas; and subsequently, upon txi\
investigation made by the Senate, there were pro-
duced and read here the proceedings of the so-
called secession convention of the Slate of Arkan-
sas held in 1861, under the patronage of a mart
named Jeff. Davis, wherein it was shown that the
said Mr. Fishback, who was willing to come for-
ward here and take the oath we are required to
take—that he neither aided or counseled rebellion
against the United States—had been a prominent
member of that secession convention; that hd
had offered one of the most offensive resolutions
against the United States that had been proffered
