1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
perhaps entirely satisfied with it. It is said that
our mails are made the vehicle for the conveyance
of great numbers and quantities of obscene books
and pictures, which are sent to the Army, and sent
here and there and everywhere, and that it is
getting to be a very great evil. This section is
drawn with a view to prevent that. The first part
of it provides that if such publications are in the
mails the postmasters may take them out; and
the latter part provides a penalty and a punish-
ment for those who put them into the mails. The
Senate may adopt the whole of this section, or the
latter part of it without the first part.
Mr. JOHNSON. If they are sent in envelopes,
how does the postmaster know what they are?
Mr. COLLAMER. Printed publications are
always sent open at one end. It will not require
the breaking of seals.
Mr. JOHNSON. You do not propose to let
the postmaster break the seals?
.Mr, COLLAMER. There is not a word said
about " seals" in the section. If gentlemen are not
satisfied with that part of it which authorizes the
postmaster to throw them out, that part of the
section can be stricken out; and I take it the ob-
jection would be mainly that it might be made a
precedent for undertaking to give him a sort of
censorship over the mails and allow him to discard
matter which was not satisfactory, politically, to
some party—like throwing out the abolition pa-
pers that used to be talked about. If it is thought
that it may furnish a bad precedent to that extent,
the first clause of the section may be stricken out,
and then the amendment will merely make it penal
for anybody to deposit such matter in the mails.
The provision is reported as the Department
wished it; but I shall be quite as well satisfied
personally if the first clause is rejected.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to strike out the first
clause. The precedent is a bad one, I think.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The first ques-
tion is on the amendments reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. JOHNSON. Will my motion be in order
after those amendments shall have been disposed
of?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be.
Mr. COLLAMER. This section of which I
have just spoken is an amendment of the com-
mittee; but there is one before it which should
first be acted upon.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Secretary
will read the next amendment of the committee
in order.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to strike out the thirteenth section of the bill, in
the following words:
Sec. 13. And be it farther enacted, That nothing contained
in the act entitled '-An act to establish a postal money-order
system," approved May 17,18G4, or in any other act, shall
be so construed ns to pi event deputy postmasters at nioney-
oider offices Jiom depositing in tiie national banks desig-
nated by the Secretmy of the Treasury as public deposi-
tories, to then own credit and at their risk, money-order
funds in their charge, under the direction of the Postmaster
General, nor to prevent their negotiating drafts, ordeis, or
other evidences of debt tlnough these batiks, as they may
be instructed and requiied by the Posfmaster General, in
order to facilitate the working of the money-order system.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
And be it fuithcr enacted, That nothing contained in the
act entitled "An act to establish a postal money-otdet sys-
tem," appioved May 17, 18(54,or m any other act, shall he
so construed as to prevent deputy po^mnners at tnftney-
oidei or other offices fiom deposing m the national banks
designated by the Seciotary ot the Tioa<-ury a« public de-
positors, to their own credit as deputy postmasters,
money-order orotherfunds in their charge, under the, direc-
tion of the Postmaster General, noi to prevent their nego-
tiating drafts, order*, or other evidences of debt tlnough
these banks, as they may be inducted and required by the
Postmaster General. «
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to the seven-
teenth section the following proviso:
Provided, nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted,
That the sj.-tem ot hce delivery fchall be established in
every place containing a population of fifty thousand withm
the delivery ot the ofiiee thereof, and at such other places
as the Postmaster General m his judgment shall direct:
And further provided, That the piepaymont postage on drop
letteis in all places where fiee delivery is not established
fchalt be one cent only.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was toadd the following
as an additional amendment: |
And he it further enacted, That no obscene book, pam- I
phlet, pictute, punt, or other publication of a vulgar and j
indecent cliuraetei, shall bo admitted into the mails of the |
United States; but all such obscene publications deposited
in or received at any post office, or discovered m the mails,
shall be seized and destroyed, or otheiwise disposed of, as
the Postmaster General shall direct. And any person or
persons who shall deposit or cause to be deposited in any
post office or branch post office of the United States, for
mailing or for delivery, an obeceno book, pamphlet, picture,
prim, or other publication, knowing the same to be of a
vulgar and indecent character, shall be deemed guilty of a
misdcmeanoi, and, being duly convicted thereof, shall, for
every such offense, bo fined not more than §500, or im-
prisoned not more than one year, or both, according to the
circumstances and aggravations of the offense.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the first part of it, so a# to
leave it merely to create an offense on the part of
those who deposit in the mails these books or
other publications. It seems to me—and in that I
believe the chairman of the Post Office Commit-
tee, in a great measure, if not wholly, concurs—
thatitwould be establishing a very bad precedent
to give authority to postmasters to take anything
out of the mail. It is true that most of the printed
matter that is sent is sent without being covered
or sealed up; but if there is any danger of this
kind those who send this species of publications
will no doubt soon begin to seal them, and then
the postmaster, whenever he suspects that the
envelope contains anything which is obnoxious
to objection, will break the seal, it does not ap-
pear to me to be at all necessary to the accom-
plishment of the purpose; for after the postmas-
ter takes the material out, what is he to do with
it? May he circulate it if he thinks proper? It
is sufficient, as I think, to accomplish the end,
which is a laudable end in itself, to make it a
misdemeanor on the part of him who seeks to
send through the mail matter of this description.
That wiil bo done if the first part of the section
is stricken out. I move to strike out all of the
section after the enacting clause down to, and in-
cluding the word " and" in line seven.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would much prefer, if
the Senator would be satisfied, with simply strik-
ing out the second clause of the first paragraph.
I think the prohibition against publications of
this character going into the mails oughtto stand.
We are well aware that many of these publica-
tions are sent all over the country from the city
of New York with the names of the parties send-
ing them on the backs, so that the postmasters
without opening the mail matter may know that
it is offensive matter, indecent and improper to
be carried in the public mails. 1 think, therefore,
the legislative prohibition against carrying such
matter when it is known to the postmasters should
be left. Probably the second clause allowing him
to open mail matter should be struck out; and I
suggest to the Senator to modify his amendment
by merely moving to strike out the words " but
all such obscene publications deposited in or re-
ceived at any post office, or discovered in any
mail, shall be seized and destroyed or otherwise
disposed of, as the Postmaster General shall
direct.''
Mr. JOHNSON. I have no objection to that,
and I so modify my amendment.
The amendment, as modified, was read.
Mr. HALE. 1 wish to suggest a mere verbal
amendment. I think, in the third line, it would
be well to say that none of them shall be deliv-
ered or admitted into the mail. This simply
says they shall not he admitted.
Mr. COLLAMER. The other part goes on to
make the olFensc of putting in such matter for
mailing or delivering a misdemeanor.
M r. HALE. Well, 1 do not care about it.
Theamend men t to theamendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. That ends all the amend-
ments proposed by the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one amendment,
verbal in its character, which I wish to suggest.
On page 5, in the fourth line of section seven, as
it now stands—the original section eight—the ref-
erence to the section should be stricken out, and
the word " preceding" inserted, so as to make it
definite. It refers now to " the seventh section
of this act," but by the changes made the original
seventh section is now the sixth section.
Mr. COLLAMER. Itoughttobe "the sixth."
Mr. SHERMAN. Say " the preceding sec-
tion."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That mistake
will be cnrroctcd as a clerical error.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire also to call the
Senator's attention to the maximum of expense
allowed to special agents. In the seventh section*
as it is now, the amount allowed to special agents
for traveling and incidental expenses is fourijol-
lars a day, and in the preceding section it'is five
dollars. I think it ought to be uniforirt.
Mr. COLLAMER. It is fivedollaiis a day in
the Pacific States and Territories.
Mr. SHERMAN. While the' present sixth
section applies to the special agent on the Pacific
coast, it also authorizes the appointmentof
additional special agents to superintend poit&I
matters connected with the railway mail service
of the United States," and their maximum al-
lowance for traveling and incidental expenses is
five dollars a day, while the next section fixes
the allowance for all special agents at four dol-
lars a day. I think that ought to be increased to
five dollars.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have no objection.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to amend the pres-
ent seventh section by striking out " four" and
inserting "five."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HALE. I now propose an amendment
which is of some consequence, and I want the
attention of the chairman to it. I move to strike
out the third section. It is the section which
compels the postage on every ne^fcpaper sent
through the mails to be prepaid at the place of
publication. 1 think that will operate to the ruin
of a great many country papers. It will be de-
structive to that interest and will operate exceed-
ingly partially. I suppose the very large papers
that circulate by fifties and hundreds of thousands,
such as the New York Herald, Tribune, and
World, and some of the Philadelphia papers,
pay no postage, but are transmitted by express
outside of the mails and are sold by newsboys.
They arc thus free from the burden of postage.
The country papers that are sent to their sub-
scribers go through the mails; and now, in ad-
dition to the taxes you have imposed on them
for advertising and everything else, you propose
to require the publisher to pay the postage in ad-
vance at the place of publication. I think the
small country papers are sufficiently burdened,
and that this further tax upon them will be very
severe, and in many cases ruinous.
A great many of the country papera do not re-
ceive all their subscription money, or anything
like it, in cash, butcirculatingin the country they
are paid for in barter, by the country produce of
the farmers who take them; and my friend from
Maine [Mr. Farwell] suggests, what I have no
doubt is true, that a great many of the subscri-
bers never pay at all. To impose on the editor
the necessity of paying in advance the postage
upon these papers, for many of which he never
gets any pay, it seems to me would be burden-
some. It is a new feature. I think that the ar-
rangement of making the subscribers pay quar-
terly is well enough. If you choose, you may
require them to pay quarterly in advance.
Mr. FARWELL. It is so now.
Mr. HALE. If that is properly enforced by
the Post Office Department, itis enough, and this
section is not necessary.
Mr. COLLAMER. The law is now that the
postage on all papers that go through the mails
must be paid. This section visits no new burden
on anybody. Instead of having the postage paid
by the quarter, at the end of the quarter, and col-
lected at the office of delivery, it provides, in order
to secure the money, that the postage shall be
paid at the place where the paper is mailed. That
will not make any country paper pay any more
than it does now. Instead of having the postage
collected from the subscribers through the post-
master, the publisher will pay the postage when
he puts it in the post office, and the subscriber
will pay the publisher, instead of paying the post-
master. That is all. There is nothing in the
idea that this will visit any new burden on any-
body. It is no new burden. It creates no new
amount of postage for anybody to pay. Itis only
to secure the Government that we may get the
money we charge for our postage, and the sub-
scribers will pay the postage in advance to the
printer, and he will pay it to the postmaster, in-
stead of their paying it to the postmaster. They
have got to pay the printer for the paper, and
they may as well pay him the postage at the same
time.
