1865,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the memorial of Alfred
Spink and Daniel Wolf, submitted an adverse
report; which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of Henry Rudd, sub-
mitted an adverse report; which was ordered to
be printpd.
Mr. WADE. The Committee on Territories,
to whom was referred the bill (S. No. 430) to
amend an act to enable the people of Nevada to
form a constitution and State government,and
for the admission of such State into the Union
on an equal footing with the original States, have
directed me to report it back to the Senate with-
out amendment, and I should like to have it taken
up now and passed, for I believe nobody will
object to it.
"The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill now, it
having been just reported.
Mr. POWELL. I object.
EV13NING SESSIONS. *
Mr. JOHNSON. I submit the following res-
olution; and I give notice that I shall call it up
on some future day for consideration:
Resolved, That on and after Tuesday next the Senate
will take a recess eveiy day from four o'clock p. m, to
seven o'clock p. m.
Mr. SUMNER. Let thfct lie over.
f Mr. JOHNSON. I have already said that I do
not ask its consideration now.
BRIDGK ACROSS THE OIIIO RIVER.
Mr. POWELL. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 392, the biil to provide for building a railway
bridge across th   falls of the Ohio river.
Mr. WILSON. I propose to move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. POWELL. I want my bill taken up first.
We can pass it in a few minutes.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to inquire whether
there was any objection made to the request of
the chairman of the Committee on Territories;
and if so, by whom > The bill that he asked the
consideration of will not occupy an instant. It
concerns the Senators from Nevada, who have
had no opportunity to get the attention of the Sen-
ate to it. it will excite no debate, and if taken up
I think will be passed with unanimity. I hope
that it will be allowed to be taken up at the pres-
ent time.
Mr. POWELL. I cannot consent to it. I have
Fielded my bill for three weeks. I have no doubt
shall vote for the bill indicated by the Senator;
but I think my biil is one of that kind also, and
I want it to be acted upon now.
Mr. CONNESS. We will take that bill up
afterwards.
Mr. POWELL. I think I can get my bill
through when taken up in a few moments.
Mr. WADE. 1 do not care which is taken up
first, and I do not think that either will give rise
to debate; but I should like to have that bill m
rcgatd to Nevada taken up. They can both be
acted upon, I think, this afternoon.
Mr. POWELL, i move that the bill indicated
by me be now taken up.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 392) supplementary to an act ap-
proved July 14, 1862, entitled "An act to estab-
lish certain post roads.'3 It proposes to amend
the act of Congress of July 14, 1862, so as to
authorize the Louisville and Nashville Railroad
Company and the JefFersonville and Indianapolis
Railroad Company (stockholders in the Louis-
ville Bridge Company) to construct a railroad
bridge over the Ohio river at the head of the falls of
the Ohio, subject to all the provisions of that act;
but the bridge may be constructed ata height not
less than fifty-six feet above low-water ma tic, and
with three draws, sufficient to pass the largest
boats navigating the Ohio river; one over the In-
diana chute, one ovei the middle chute, and one
ovei the canal. The spans of the bridge are not
to be less than two hundred and forty feet, except
over the Indiana and middle chute and the canal.
Th« bridge is to be constructed with dr.twsof one
hundred and fifty feet wide on each side of the
pivotpier over the Indiana and middle chutes, and
ninety feet wide over the canal; and the bridge
and draws are to be so constructed as not to in-
terrupt the navigation of the Ohio river.
The second section provides that the bridge
erected under the provisions of this act is to be
a lawful structure, and is to be recognized and
known as a post route.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads
reported the bill with two amendments: in line
five, after the word "be," to insert the words
" and the same is hereby;" and in line six, after
the word " JefFersonville," to strikeout the words
" and Indianapolis;" so that it will read:
That the act of Congress approved July 14,1852, entitled
"An act to establish certain post roads," shall be, and the
same is hereby, so amended as to authorize the Louisville
and Nashville Rail load Company, and the JefFersonville
Raihoad Company, &e.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The bill
was oidered to be engrossed for a third reading,
and was read the third time.
Mr. EUCKALEW. I move to postpone the
further consideration of the bill until to-morrow.
Mjr colleague is absent, arid I do not know where
he is.
Mr. POWELL. I hope that motion will not
prevail.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was passed.
BOUNDARIES OF NEVADA.
Mr. WADE. I now move to take up the bill
for Nevada.
Mr. SHERMAN. I appeal to my colleague
not 
Mr. WADE. If my colleague will allow this
bill to be taken up now, weean take up his after-
ward.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is another bill only
four or five lines in length in regard to the Cov-
ington bridge over the Ohio river, which can be
acted upon in a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hill in-
dicated by the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade]
having been reported to-day and objected to, the
motion can only be entertained by unanimous
consent.
Mr. WADE. I believe it is not objected to now.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not object to it.
Mr. WADE. We will take up the other bill
afterwaid.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Ohio if the bill will give rise
to debate?
Mr. WADE. I presume not. I have no idea
that it will. The Senators from Nevada are very
anxious that it shall be passed now, m oider that
we may get it through the other House. I do not
think it will give rise to debate, if it does, 1 will
give way. I am as much interested in the next
bill as my colleague is, and I want it to pass; but
the Senators from Nevada want this bill passed
now, and I am anxious to accommodate them.
Mr. HENDERSON. What is the next bilP
Mr. WADE, it is a bill similar to the one just
passed for a bridge over the Ohio.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is to declare the Cincin-
nati and Covington railroad a post road.
Mr. WADE. There will be no debate on either
of them, I presume.
Mr. CONNESS. T hope the Senator from Mis-
souri will allow tins bill to be taken up. It will
only occupy a moment of time.
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly, 1 am per-
fectly willing to yield. I have no idea that I shall
be able to get up my bill; my friend from Ohio
[Mr. Sherman] to-morrow at one o'clock takes
up the bills reported from the Finance Committee,
and I do not see any hope atall of getting my bill
considered.
There beingno objection, the Senate,as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
bill (S. No. 430) to amend an act to enable the
people of Nevada to form a constitution and State
government, and for the admission of such State
into the Union on an equal footing with the ori-
ginal States. The bill proposes to amend the
second section of the act to winch it is an amend-
ment, so as to read as follows, to wit:
That the said State of Nevada shall consist of all the ter-
ritory included within the following boundaries, to wit:
commencing at a point formed by the intersection of the
thirty-seventh degree of longitude west from Washington
with the thirty-seventh degree of ndrth latitude; thence
due west along said thirty-seventh degree of north latitude
to the eastern boundary line of the State of California;
thence in a northwesterly direction along the said eastern
boundary line of the State of California tojhe forty-third
degree of longitude west from Washington; thence north
along said forty-third degree of West longitude, andsteid
eastern boundary line of the State of California, to the for-
ty-second degree of north latitude; thence due east along
the said forty-second degree of north latitude ,to a point
formed by its intersection with the aforesaid thirty seventh
degree of longitude west from Washington; thence due
south down said thirty-seventh degree of west longitude to
the place of beginning.
Mr. WADE. That the Senate may understand
really what this bill is, I will remark that the
State of Nevada is bounded on the east by Utah
Territory; they lie side by side; and this bill pro-
poses to take one degree of longitude from Utah
Territory and annex it to the State of Nevada;
about sixty-nine and a half miles, I suppose, or
thereabouts. I have not measured it; but from
the eye it seems that Nevada and Utah will then
be about equal in point of territory.
Mr. SHERMAN. Are there any inhabitants
in the portion proposed to be annexed to Nevada?
Mr. WADE. There are a few inhabitants
there, I am told. I am told also—the Senators
from Nevada will be more able to speak on that
point than I am—that this will make a very ex-
cellent boundary between Utah and-Nevada, be-
cause there is a kind of desert that divides them
on this parallel; so that it will be a natural divis-
ion as weil as one that will be equitable between
the two; it makes their territory about equal.
The Senators from that State, however, will
be able to speak more intelligently upon the sub-
ject if there is any dispute about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 rise merely to inquire
of the Senator from Ohio whether the Latter Day
Saints have been consulted in regard to this en-
croachment upon their borders.
Mr. WADE. 1 believe not; I do not know
that (-hey were. The committee had no evidence
of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it is done without
consulting them at all ?
Mr. WADE. I do not know that they under-
stand it, or know anything about It, and 1 do not
know but they do. The committee had no such
evidence.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose the territory that
will be added to the State of Nevada by this bill
has some population and constitutes portions of
some of the counties into which the Territory of
Utah may be divided, and there may be suits
pending there. There is no provision in this bill
for the transfer of those cases to the courts in
Nevada. I think perhaps it would be well, there-
foie, and I suggest it to the honorable members
from Nevada, to let the bill lie over in order that
they may make a provision that will cover all
such cases. It can be done in the morning. I do
not know whether there is any population there.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, I am quite familiar
with the ground described in this bill. Thereare
no inhabitants in that portion of the Territory of
Utah that we propose to annex to the State of
Nevada. Next year, in all probability, there will
be quite a large population there; but not Mor-
mons. The object in getting this bill passed
through Congress at the present session is with
a view of determining the status of those people
who shall then be there. The boundary as it
now lies runs through a valley that is well adapted
to agricultural purposes, and about in the center
of the valley running from the north to the south
of the Territory. The boundaries as we now
propose will run through a desert, and it will be
a more distinct arid plainer boundary.
As 1 remarked, if this bill should pass, and this
territory should be annexed to Nevada, it will
have thisadvantage: it will not be settled by Mor-
mons. The Latter Day Saints have called in all
their subjects and followers and brought them
in and about Salt Lake and further north and east.
They have withdrawn entirely from this portion
of territory. The valley in which it lies and the
mountain on the eastern side has lately been dis-
covered to be a mining region, and the miners
will get there. Their lig'hts will be bettered by
this annexation. It is well known to this body
that no laws recommended by the Governor of
Utah can be passed if they come at all in collision
with the will and dictum of the reigning power
there, Brigham Young. Therefore, if this dis-
