1865.
wm CONGRESSIONAL
Arkansas are in insurrection against the Govern-
ment of the United States. He has done this un-
der his oath of office, in pursuance of an act of
Congress, and as Commander-in-Chief of the
Army and Navy of the United States, and as such
being presumed in law to know what the state of
facts actually is there better than any ottier branch
of the Government. If a state of war in Arkan-
sas against the United States has ceased; if the
community there be no longer an insurrectionary
community; if it is a practicable matter for the
so-called State government to maintain itself
■within the limits of Arkansas without the mili-
tary aid of the United States, it is for the Presi-
dentof the United States, as Commander-in-Chief
of the Army, and as such vested with all knowl-
edge necessary in the premises, to announce to
Congress and to the world that the state of insur-
rection in Arkansas has ceased; and that there-
fore the rights of the people as a people to be
represented in Congress as a loyal people have
recurred; that they are remitted to their original
rights as a loyal people, faithful to the Govern-
ment of the United States. We cannotascertain
the fact. How can the Committee on the Judi-
ciary of this body proceed to make an inquiry
into this matter of fact? What means have they
to ascertain? Can they go into Arkansas?
Mr. POMEROY. 1 believe the Senator from
Michigan is on the committee, and he did inquire
into it at the last session, and did report. The
committee have got the same means of inquiring
into it now that they had at the last session.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator is mistaken as
to myself personally.
Mr. POMEROY. The committee at any rate.
Mr. HOWARD. I believe 1 have not acted
on that subject on the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, because I was not a member of that com-
mittee during the last session.
Mr. POMEROY. The committee inquired into
it so far as to make a report.
Mr. HOWARD. I say that the very nature,
the constitution, of that committee unfits it to make
such an inquiry. It is the appropriate duty of
the Executive of the United States, and for him
alone, to certify that thestate of warin Arkansas
has ceased, and that the people have become suf-
ficiently loyal to be taken out. of the category of
insurrectionary States; but until this is done, I
.object to the reception of any credentials here
framed to authorize A, B, C,D, or E, to partici-
pate in the deliberations and in the votes of this
body. Mr. President, we are secured against
that contingency by the fact that we represent
loyal States, not at war with the United States.
The gentlemen who present themselves here as
claimants for seats do not represent loyal States
or loyal communities, but disloyal States and dis-
loyal communities, hostile to the United States,
and engaged in making war upon the Govern-
ment thereof.
Sir, 1 do not believe in Suffering my enemies to
come into my councils with their hands covered
with the blood of treason, and ask to participate
in the enactment of laws by which my constitu-
ents and my State are to be governed; and it is in
this sense, and in this alone, that I pronounce
this attempt to foist Senators from rebel States
upon us an insult to the faithful loyal States—not
because this was a petition. The Senator from
Kansas would have it that it is a petition. There
is not the slightest analogy between the two
things. We all know what a petition is, pre-
sented either by individuals or by corporations,
asking for something in the shape of legislation,
for some relief or benefit to be granted by our
legislation. The right of being represented in
this body, however, as a Senator, depends, not
upon the right of petition, but depends upon a
stateof facts like this: that the community which
is to be represented by the claimant of the seat is
a State of this Union, and in this Union, perform-
ing its duty as a faithful member of the Union,
not making war against us, and seeking to over-
throw and break up this Union, as the mass of
the people of Arkansas, and of Louisiana, and
many other of the seceded States, are seeking to
do this very day. Sir, I believe in meeting my
enemies hilt to hilt. If they overcome me, it is
their good luck, and I will submit with as much
grace as the occasion will permit; but if I over-
come them, they must look to my generosity for
their future protection and their future fate.
EXECUTIVE SESSION. - -
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a necessity, I
think, this morning for a short executive session.
This subject seems likely to lead to considerable
debate, and it may be renewed after the execu-
tive session. I move that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some time
spent in executive session, the doors were re-
opened, and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE. ,
Wednesday, March 8, 1865.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
COMMITTEE ON MINES.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the 34th rule of the Senate be amended
by adding the following as an additional clause, namely:
"A Committee on Mines and Mining, to consist of seven
members."
ELECTION 03? CHAPLAIN.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That to-morrow, at lialf past twelve o'clock,
meridian, the Senate will proceed to the election of a
Chaplain of the Senate lor the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
STANDING COMMITTEES.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the election of the standing committees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I nominate the Senators in
the following list for the places designated on the
standing committees:
On Foreign Relations— Messrs. Sumner, (chairman,)
Doolittle, Harris, Foot, Wade, Davis, and Johnson.
On Finance—Mess>is>. Fo-^enden, (cliahman,) yiieiman,
Howes Cowan, Van Winkle, Henderson, and Guthrie.
On Commerce-—Messis. Chandler, (chairman,) Morrill,
Morgan, Spmtrue, Lane of Kansas, Nesmith, and Doolittle.
On Manufactures:—Messrs. Spraguc, (chairman,) Dixon,
Pomeroy, Riddle, and Wright.
On Agriculture—Sherman, (chairman,) Lane of
Kansas Harlan, Wilson, am! Guthrie.
On Military Affairs and the Militia— Messrs. Wilson,
(chairman,) Lane of Indiana, Howard, Nesmith, Morgan,
Clark, and Brown.
0?i Naval Affairs—Messrs. Grimes, (chairman,) An-
thony, Willey, Itamscy, Cra«m, Nye, and Hendricks.
On the Judiciary—Messrs. Trumbull, (chairman,) Harris,
Collamer, Sherman, Johnson, Williams, and Hendricks.
On Post Office« and Post Roads— Messrs. Collamer,
(chairman,) Dixon, Ramsey, Conness, Buc&alew, Pome-
roy.and Van Winkle.
On Public Lands—Messrs. Harlan, (chairman,) Pomeroy,
Morrill, Sprajjue, Stewart, Ilendncks^and Wnght.
On Private Land Claims—Messis. Harris, (chairman,)
Sumner, howard, Williams, and Riddle.
On Indtan Affairs—Messrs. Doolittle, (chairman,) Lane
of Kansas, Harlan, Nesmith, Foster, Trumbull, and Buck-
aJew.
On Pensions—Messrs. Foster, (chairman,) Lane of Indi-
ana. Van Winkle, Foot, Stewart, YatCf, and Buckalew.
On Revolutionary Claims—blew* Ramsey, (chairman,)
Chandler, Wilson,'Nesmith, and Wright.
Oh Claims— Messrs. Claik, (chairman,) Howe, Pomeroy,
Anthony, Williams, Norton, and Davis.
On the District of Columbia— Messrs. Dixon, (chairman,)
Motrin, Wade. Willey, Henderson. Yates, and Riddle.
On Patent* and the Putctil Offire—Mtv i s. Cowan, (chair-
man,) Lane of Indiana, Clark, Norton, and Guthrie.
On Public Buildings and Ground>—Mec&rs. Foot, (chair-
man,) Brown. Tiunibuii, Games, and Hendricks.
On Territories—Messrs. Wade, (chairman,) Lane of
Kansas, Yates, Noiton, Nye, Cragm, and Davis.
On the Pacific Railroad—Messrs. Howard, (chairman,)
Johnson, Harlan, Sherman, Moigan, Conness, Brown,
Yates, and Cragin.
To Audit and Control the Contingent Expense* of the Sen-
ate— Messrs. Morrill, (chairman,) Uatnb«y,and Henderson.
On Engrossed Bills—Messrs. Lane of Indiana, (chair-
man.) Sumner, and Willey.
On Mines and Mining—Messrs. Comics*, (chairman,)
Stewart, Chandler, Morgan, Fessenuen, Buekalew, and
Guthrie.
Joint Committee on Printing—Messrs. Anthony, (chair-
man,) Biown, and Kiddie.
Joint Committee on ICnrolled Bills—Messrs. Ilowe, (chair-
man,) Cowan, and Nye.
Joint Committee on the Library — Mesbfb. Collamer,
(chairman,) Johnson, and Howard.
The list was agreed to.
SENATOR FROM ARKANSAS
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. 1 now ask for a vote
on the unjnished business of yesterday.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The question
is on the reception of the credentials presented by
the Senatorfrom Kansas of William D. Snow,a
Senator from the State of Arkansas.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. On that I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
3. X'
Mr. DAVIS, Mr. President, this question
was decided substantially at the iast Congress,
and I presume the state of fact that exists in re-
lation to the present a^licant is precisely what
it was in relation to the applicants who then pre-
sented themselves. I ask Senators if Mr. Ste-
phens, the vice president of the confederate gov-
ernment, would be eligible to the office of vice
President of the United States? Would Ms.
Toombs, who was formerly, in the Senate, and
who isnowina state of rebellion againstthe Gov-
ernment of the United States, be eligible to a seat
in the Senate of the United States ? If these per-
sonages had been so chosen, if Mr. Stephens had
been elected Vice President of the United States,
and Mr. Toombs had been elected to this Senate
from the State of Georgia, would any Senator
here present recognize their right to those respect-
ive offices ? I presume not;and why? Because
the State of Georgia, according to the proclama-
tion of the President of the United States, accord-
ing to the act of Congress ratifying his proclama-
tion, and according to the decision of the Supreme
Court in the prize cases, is in a state of war with
the United States, and every inhabitant of the
State of Georgia yvho has continued to reside in
that State occupies the position of an alien enemy
to the United States. If Mr. Toombs were to pre-
sent himself here with a certificate in due formqf
law evidencing that he had been ejected a Senator
of the United States from the State of Georgia,
is there a gentleman here present who would vote
that he had a right to the seat? I presume not.
On what principle or reason would Mr. Toombs
be excluded? Upon the ground that he is an
alien enemy of the United States, that the State
which professed tu elect him, and whose repre-
sentative ho purports to be in his application for
a seat in the Senate of the United States, was
and is in a state of war against the Government
of the United States, and therefore every citizen
of the State of Georgia resident there is an alien
enemy of the United States,
Now, Mr. President, in what respect is the
position and the right of the gentleman who asks
for admission to this floor, as one of the Senators
of the United States from the State of Arkansas,
different from what Mr. Toombs would be if he
wereliere in person asking the same right under
a similar certificate? Here, sir, is the State of
Arkansas, in fact, admittedly on all hands, in a
state of warand rebellion againstthe United States
and the Government of the United States. What
evidences have we of that fact? We have the
evidence of the proclamation of the President of
the United States; we have the evidenceof an act
of Congress passed in July, 18G3, recognizing and
ratifying that proclamation of the President of the
United States; we have the evidence of the Su-
preme Court rendered in their solemn judgment in
what are termed the prize cases. In those cases
opinionswere delivered by Mr. JusticeGrierand
by Mr. Justice Nelson, the first announcing the
opinion of the court and the other his dissent from
some of the positions and conclusions of the court;
but both concede broadly that all the States enu-
merated in the President'spioclamation and in the.
act of Congress ratifying, recognizing, and giving
effect to that proclamation, and that were declared
by the proclamation and the law of Congress to
be in a state of rebellion, were enemies of the
United States, and that every resident citizen of
those States, without exception, was an alien
enemy to the United States and to its Govern-
ment.
These principles thus having received the sanc-
tion of the three departments of the Government,
the highest sanction that they could receive, es-
tablish that the applicant now seeking to be ad-
mitted to a seat in this Chamber occupies the
position of an alien enemy. I need not recur to
all tl{e disabilities resulting fro'm that condition.
^Fhat gentleman cannot sue in the United States
courts according to the laws of nations as recog-
nized by the Supreme Court of the United States.
He cannot contract with a citizen of any of the
loyal States, because an alien enemy is inhibited
by the laws of nations as recognized by the de-
cisions of the Supreme Court from contraeting
with a loyal citizen. Yea, more, sir, all the es-
tate which he owns is liable to be seized if it ba
upon water, and to be condemned by the prize
law, because he belongs to a State that is at war
and in rebellion against the United States, and ali
