THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
of whose citizens occupy the condition and are
subject to the disabilities of alien enemies.
The question then resolves itself into this, will
you admit to a seat upcm the floor of the United
States Senate an alien enemy of theUnited States
and of its Government? That is the proposi-
tlon,and it is one from which there is no escape;
You may try the question whether this gentleman
is a citizen of theUnited States or an alien enemy;
and if you decide that question according to the
proclamation of the President, according to the
laws of Congress, according: to the decisions of
the Supreme Court, you must say that by all these
sanctions he occupies the position of an alien en-
emy of theUnited States. If this was a question
for the courts; if, instead of being pending before
the Senate of the United States, it was properly,
under the Constitution and the judiciary act of
1789, a case for the decision of the courts, and
the identical pointwas before the Supreme Court
of the United States for its consideration and judg-
ment, that court could not come to any other con-
clusion than that the applicant here for & seat in
the Senate of the United States is an alien enemy.
Mr. President, is the Senate of the United States
going to admit into the body as one of its mem-
bers, having equal rights and power with all its
other members, an alien enemy—one who is an
alien enemy according to the laws of Congress,
according to the proclamation of the President,
and according to the unanimous decision of the
Supreme Court? The chief point of difference
between the judges in the prize cases was this:
Judge Grier and the majority of the court held
that when the President, by his proclamation, de-
clared that certain States were in insurrection,
and proclaimed an embargo of their ports, that
"was a sufficient action by the appropriate author-
ity of the United States to give to the States named
in the proclamation the condition of belljgerents
against the United States, and the effect of it was
to make all the citizens of those States resident
within them alien enemies.
Mr. J. G. Nicolay, the President's Secretary,
appeared below the bar, and presented several
messages in writing from the President of the
United States.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky will give way, I shall move an executive
session. There are messages from the President
that ought w be disposed of.
Mr, DAVIS. I yield thefloorfor that purpose.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr, ANTHONY. VVillthe Senator first allow
me to make a report?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
AGItlCULTUHAL ItKPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 aminstructed by the Com-
mittee on Printing, to whom was referred the res-
olution to print extra copies of the report of the
Commissioner of Agriculture, to report it back
with an amendmentnand recommond its passage.
I aslc for its present consideration.
The Senate proceeded to consider the resolu-
tion.
The amendment was to add to the resolution
this proviso:
Provided, Tliatno copies be delivered to the Department
of Agriculture until alter the Senate shall have been  up-
phed.
The amendment was adopted.
The resolution as amended was agreed to, as
follows:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Senate
fen thousand copies of the report oi the Commissioner of
Agriculture, and five thousand copies for the use of ihe
liepaitmunt of Agriculture: Prowled* That no copies he
delivered to the Department of Agriculture until alter the
Senate shall have been supplied.
SMITHSONIAN KEPOItT.
Mr. ANTHONY. The same committee have
instructed me to report back a resolution to print
additional copies of the reportof the Smithsonian
Institution. 1 thought this resolution was passed
at the last session, but 1 believe the record is not
«o. It is the usual resolution that lias been passed
at every session.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved, That five thousand additional copies of the
report of the Smithsonian Institution, for 186-4, be printed
three thousand for the use of the Senate, and two thou-
sand for the use of the Smithsonian Institution; Provided
That the aggregate number of pages contained in said re-
port gjjali not exceed four hundred and fifty, wnhout wood-
cuts fir plates, except those furnished by the Institution;
and that the report be stereotyped.
PATENT OFFICE! REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. From the same committee
I report a resolution for printing the mechanical
report: i
Resolved, That there bp printed for the use of the Sen-
ate ten thousand copies of the annual report of the Patent
Office for the year 1864. •
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SUMNER. I now renew my motion that
the Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to have
a vote on the question before the Senate. I sup-
pose the Senator from Kentucky will not detain
the Senate long. I think itshould be disposed of;
it is in the nature of a question of privilege, and
I should like to have the vote on it.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose it is the desire of
every Senator that this session shall be as short
as possible. Now, I suggest to the Senator from
Kansas and to the Senator from Kentucky that
we go into executive session and refer thefe mes-
sages, and then come into legislative session im-
mediately and let the Senator from Kentucky pro-
ceed with his speech. In that way ourcommittees
can get to work upon these nominations.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have no objection to
the course suggested by the Senator from Iowa;
but, as he is aware, the course pursued by the
Senator from Massachusetts is to defeat a vote on
this question.
Mr. GRIMES. I simply desire to say that
although i concur with the general conclusion to
which the Senator from Massachusetts arrives, I
shall vote with the Senator from Kansas to re-
ceive any credentials that come here.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. All I ask for is a vote,
and I do not wjsh the Senate to be misled and
become a party to the policy of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not know what author-
ity the Senator from Kansas has to say what he
has said. I have not said a word on this case
thus far.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I happened to be
present in the Senate Chambera few nights since
when a part of this same programme was on the
tapis, and I remember that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts did wear us out physically and secure
a postponement of the question. I have no ob-
jection to going into executive session now with
ihe understanding that we shall open the doors,
go on with this matter, and come to a vote.
The motion was agreed to; and after half an
hour spent in executive session the doors were
reopened.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN".
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That George J. Stubbletield have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
INDIAN AFFAIRS IN BRITISH AMERICA.
Mr. DOOLITTLE submitted a motion to print
three thousand extra copies of the report of the
Committee on Indian Affairs with regard to the
administration of Indian affairs in the British
North American provinces; which was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
SENATOR FROM ARKANSAS
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I call for the regular
order of husiness.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
before the Senate is on the reception of the cre-
dentials of Mr. Snow as Senator from Arkansas.
Upon that question the Senator from Kentucky-
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I had asked the
Senate whether they were willing to admit to a
.seat on this floor an alien enemy, and I had
stated a few facts and principles to prove that the
applicant for a seat in this body as one of the
Senators from the State of Arkansas occupied the
condition of an alien enemy, and therefore that
he was not entitled to a seat as a Senator of the
United States.
In my own mind it was not a clear question
whether belligerent rights as they existed between
independent nations at war with each other ap-
plied in the case of civil war or not. Indeed, I
vas referred/
, vl
had come to the opposite conclusion, that they
did not apply,and that is still my own individual
opinion; but the position assumed by the Presi-
dent of the United States, by the Congress of the
Urfited States, and by the Supreme Court is that
when thg legitimate war-making power of the
United States recognized a state ofcivil war, the
law of belligerents, so far as it gives certain rights
to one of the parties, applied to the United States
in the contest. I had stated that the judges of
the Supreme Court differed only upon the state
of fact and the official action that was necessary
to recognize validly the existence of a state of
civil war in the United States. The majority of
the court, expressing its opinion by Mr. Justice
Grier, decided that the proclamations of the Pres-
ident of April, 18G1, established the legal con-
dition of the States named in those proclamations,
and that that condition was a state of insurrec-
tion or war against the United States, and that
the rights of belligerents under the laws of nations
from the time of the proclamation of the Presi-
dent attached to and belonged to the Government
of the United States in waging this war for the
suppression of the insurrection. The minority
of the court dissented in otie position, and ex-
pressed their opinion through Mr. Justice Nel-
son. The minority of the court held that the
President did not represent, and could not exer-
cise, the war-making power under our Govern-
ment; that his functions were purely executive,
or merely in hiS character as Commander-in-Chief
of ourarmies; and that he did not have any power
(except what was conferred by the act of Con-
gress of 1795, and the act of 1807) to recognize a
state of resistance to the execution of the laws or
a state of insurrection on the part of any of the
States to the United States Government; and
therefore- that, until the law of Congress was
passed in July, 1861, recognizing that such was
the state of casein the insurrectionary States, they
did not occupy the position of a party to a civil
war with the United States Government, and con-
sequently that belligerent rights did not apply
until that recognition of the existing civil war by
Congress, the war-making power under our Gov-
ernment. But the court unanimously recognized
this principle: that from the time of the recogni-
tion of the civil war, both by the President and
by Congress, the laws of nations applied to the
parties, especially to the United States Govern-
ment, and in waging the war the United States
Government was entitled to all and every belli-
gerent right.
I stated also that when war existed between
separate and independent nations, or when it ex-
isted in the character of a civil war between the
United States and the insurrectionary States, the
President and Congress and the Supreme Court
had all recognized that to be a war in which
belligerent rights attached to the United States,
and all of them had so expressed their official
decision upon that point.
That led me to this conclusion, that the appli-
cant to be admitted upon this floor came from an
insurrectionary State, the State of Arkansas; that
that State, by the proclamations of the President,
by the acts of Congress, and by the decisions of
the Supreme Court, was a portion of the party to
Sme civil war against the United States Govern-
■ ment; and consequently, as a necessary conclu-
sion, the applicant for a seat on this floor, and
every resident citizen of the State of Arkansas,
was by the laws of nations an alien enemy to the
Government of the United States and to the loyal
inhabitants thereof. After having stated these
propositions, I ask the question, can the appli-
cant then properly be admitted to a seat in tha
Senate of the United States? Js he any more en-
titled to a seat as a member of this body than
Toombs would be if he was to appear here under
similar credentials from the State of Georgia? I
suppose that every gentleman will concede that
if Mr. Toombs was to present himself, it would
be so unauthorized a right which he asked to
have the enjoyment of, that there would not be a
solitary dissenting voice upon the question of re-
jecting his application.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the Senator from
Kentucky allow me to ask him a question I
Mr. DAY1S. Certainly.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator has
Stated the Congress of the United States has never
recognized the State organization of Arka.-isas.
