THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
trict of country remains in the territorial limits
ofTJtah, the miners will be without law and with-
out protection. Our people ask for this measure
for the purpose of furnishing protection to the in-
habitants who will be in this territory as soon as
the spring; opens—protection such as is required
in order to preserve and maintain the rights of
the -miners and agriculturists there.
I I presume there will be.no objection on the part
of Utah to the passage of this law. 1 have heard
Q,f non<j, and the presumption is that there will
be none. I think the true way to dispose of this
troublesome question of Mormonism is to absorb
it by parceling out the Territory of Utah among
thcotherTerritoriesadjacent;and when the period
Arrives that they cannot be supreme in their rule,
they will leave the,country, and relieve us of the
necessity of keeping a large force of our Army
there.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Nevada what is the aiea of that State
now. How large is it?
Mr. NYE. I am unable to give the exact num-
ber of miles without a calculation. It is quite a
large State, but not as large as Utah is now.
Mr. POMEROY. It isestimated to be one hun-
dred and eight thousand square miles with this
addition.
Mr. WADE. It is not a large State.
Mr. GRIMES. There are very grave ques-
tions connected with the subject of taking terri-
tory from Territories already in existence and
adding it to States whence wc cannot hereafter
reclaim it.. If we take this territory from Utah
and add it to Nevada, it cannot be taken from
Nevada again. It may become important to erect
a new Territory between Nevada and Utah. It
. is not for the interest of the State that the Sena-
tor from Ohio himself represents, it is not for the
interest of the States of the Northwest, that these
Stales to the west of us should be made so large
as we are in the habit of making them, because
it deprives us of our proper irprcsentation in this
branch of Congress. I should like to know a
little more than I know now before I vote to make
Nevada a State of one hundred and eight thou-
sand square miles; much larger that New York.
Mr, POMEROY. Vnginia has sixty-nine
thousand square miles.
Mr. GRIMES. New York does not begin to
have sixty-nine thousand square miles. It is very
evident nobody knows how large Nevada is now;
and ought we not to have that information before
we add a whole degree of longitude to it and put
it beyond our ability hereafter to add it to another
State, or to make it a part of a new Teriitory, and
afterward part of a new State?
I do not like to interfere with anything that
relates to the Senators from Nevada, but this is
a matter in which we arc all just as much inter-
ested as they are, especially the cluster of States
of which mine happens to be one, and who are
destined to be very intimately connected with all
the Slates to the west of us. I want to sec prosper-
ous States built up there, and just as many of them
as possible. I want that section of the country
to have its due proportion of influence and power
in this branch of Congress as well as in the other.
If the physical geography of that country is such
as to enable a new State to be erected between
Utah and Nevada; if it be a rich agricultural coun-
try, as the Senator from Nevada says it is, it will
support a good population, and l want those
States to be made. I think, at any rate, we have
not the information before us now that it is requi-
site for us to have in order to pass upon so im-
portant a question, and I therefore move that the
bill be laid upon the table.
Mr. NYE rose.
Mr. GRIMES. I will withdraw my motion to
enable the Senator from Nevada to make an ex-
planation.
Mr. NYE. The objection the Senator from
Iowa urges against the passage of this bill is one
that would be apt to occur to as discerning a gen-
tleman as he is; but there is no probability of the
formation of any State between the State of Ne-
vada and the Territory of Utah. After you pass
the present boundary, and before you reach the
contemplated boundary by this bill, you pass into
a deBert extending almostclearly across the width
of the State of Nevada, where it will hardly be pos-
sible for a population to exist. I think, therefore,
that that objection is not a valid one.
The territory of the State of Nevada is now
larger than that of the State of New York; but,
sir, a large portion of that State will never be
inhabited; it is a desert. We live there in com-
munities, a mining district here, and a mining
district there. It will take a long time, I think,
before there will be a necessity for any State
between Nevada and the Territory of Utah; and
as Utah now stands, I believe it is the settled
judgment of Congress that it shall not be admitted
as a State. This territory is not sought to be
annexed to Nevada because the size of the State
of Nevada is inferior, but because the necessities
and the convenience of the population that will
settle it require it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I see that there is an in-
disposition to vote upon this question this even-
ing. I do not know that I have any objection to
the measure pending myself; but I see that Sena-
tors desire to look into it, and I also desire to do
so. I will move, therefore, to postpone the pend-
ing and all prior orders, and proceed to the con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 359, to reimburse
the State of Missouri for moneys expended for
the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not contest with the
Senator fiom Missouri on this point, nor seek to
delay his measure, if he will allow a bill reported
from the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads to be read and passed.
Mr. HENDERSON. Suppose we take up this
one first.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is any objection
made to the bill to which I refer I will give way.
It will be recollected that I gave way to my col-
league, thinking that this bill would not lead to
debate.
Mr. WADE. I hope this bill will not be
dropped. The other Senator from Nevada, who
has not spoken, wants to enlighten the Senate on
this subject, and 1 think he ought to have an op-
portunity to speak upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
now is to postpone the present and all prior orders
and proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 359.
Mr. WADE. I hope the Senate will not do
that now.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to remind my
friend from Ohio of his promise that if the bill
now before the Senate should take any time what-
ever, or provoke discussion, he would give way.
He will remember his very kind promise on that
subject. However, I do not make this motion
now for the purpose of getting rid especially of
this measure and taking up another; but 1 am
really in no condition to vote upon the proposi-
tion before us, and I find various Senators around
me in a like condition. I would prefer to have
time to look into the bill further. 1 do not wish
to stave it off; but we should have time to con-
sider it and look into it; and I hope the bill that
1 have indicated will be taken up.
Mr. STEWART. In order that the Senate
may have an opportunity to look into it, and in
order that they may have some information in re-
gard to it further than they have, I wish simply
to remark, in addition to what my colleague has
said, that although the annexation of this terri-
tory would give us a middling large State, larger
than some of the eastern States in extentof terri-
tory, still it would never give us a State where
we could have a population equal to one of the
western States. Three fourths, probably, and
perhaps four fifths, of all the territory in the Great
Basin is a desert. The balance is mountain ranges
that contain minerals, and little valleys in the
carons of the mountains where vegetables can be
raised. In order to support a population sufficient
for a State we need much more territory. It is
not an agricultural country. There are several
ranges of mountains that will be mined. Mining
will be exhausted in time; of course not in our
time; but all the mineral veins may be exhausted;
they will be worked to a great depth, and the
country will be sparsely settled. The little val-
leys will be inhabited by an agricultural people;
but a mining country, legitimately and emphat-
ically, cannot support a large population like an
agricultural country. We need more territory.
We shall have a reasonable-sized State when we
get the additional territory that we ask for. It
will be in a compact form, making it convenient
for all the people; it will be nearly square. I have
not figured it exactly, but it will contain a little
over one hundred thousand square miles.
Mr. GRIMES. Without this addition?
Mr. STEWART. I think not; with this we
propose to commence our boundary at the thirty-
seventh degree of longitude west from Washing-
ton, commencing at a point formed by the inter-
section of the thirty-seventh degree of longitude
west from Washington with the thirty-seventh
degree of north latitude; thence due west along the
thirty-seventh degree of north latitude to the east-
ern boundary of the State of California. (The
western boundary line, commencing about the cen-
ter of our State, runs in a southeasterly direction,
so that the State is not square, by any means. The
southern end of the State is not as wide as the north-
ern end. We go thence in a northwesterly direc-
tion along the eastern boundary line of the State
of California to the forty-third degree of longitude
west from Washington. The northern half of the
Stateextends from the thirty-seventh to the forty-
third degree, six degrees. The western line runs
southwest from that point, in the middle of if,
thence north along the forty-third degree of west
longitude, and the eastern boundary line of the
State of California, to the forty-second degree of
north latitude. From the thirty-seventh to the
forty-second degree gives us five degrees north
and south, and, in the widest portion of the State,
six degrees east and west. It is nearly a square,
except that the corner is taken off by that western
line. We go thenco due east along the forty-sec-
ond degiee of north latitude to a point formed by
its intersection with the thirty-seventh degree of
longitude west from Washington; thence duo
south down the thirty-seventh degree of west
longitude to the place at which we began.
The people of Nevada, in forming a Statecon-
stitution, inserted in ita provision that the thirty-
seventh degree should be its eastern boundary, if
Congress would consent; so that if this bill be
passed we can assume immediate jurisdiction.
There has been SQme prospecting for gold and sil-
ver in the territory for which we ask, and next
spring there will be some population there. There
will be a considerable population there if they can
have protection and laws. They cannot getlheih
from Utah. Brigham Young is opposed to devel-
oping the mining region atall. He is opposed to
mining. He does not want the miners there. He
says that they interfere with his sway. Conse-
quently, unless this teriitory be ceded to Nevada,
this range of mountains which is on our eastern
border must remain unprospected and undevel-
oped altogether, or the miners must take the haz-
ard of protecting themselves. It will ba a great
advantage to those who desire to develop that
country to have it within our State at once, so
that they may be protected there this next year.
Our people particularly desire this. The Legis-
lature has passed a resolution asking Congress to
do this. They want it because they desire to go
there and mine.
1 assure Senators that when we get this terri-
tory we shall have of a country that can be devel-
oped, that can be inhabited, a State not as large
as Massachusetts, not capable of supporting as
large a population as the State of Massachusetts.
We are not asking for a country in which we can
have an empire, in which we can have a iaige
population; but we are asking for a sufficient
amount of territory so that the mining region will
support a respectable State. We need this terri-
tory to give us a respectable State, to give us a
State large enough to supportitself properly. We
need it for the purpose of protecting those who
desire to go there and mine.
This territory is so situated that you will have
no other States formed out of it. No difficulty
of that kind can arise. A State cannot be formed
between us and Utah. You cannot divide the
present Territory of Utah into two States. I am
in favor of cutting it down to the size of a legit-
imate State by adding fiom it to the surrounding
Tenitones and States as they are formed, and
not give them a larger territory than we have.
Besides, Utah is more of an agricultural country
than Nevada. They do not need this territory
when they form a State as much as we do. There
would be more propriety in our going two de-
grees further east than in our remaining where we
are; it would be a more fair division of the ter-
ritory. You will never attempt in that desert
country between us and Utah to form a separate
