1865. '
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
State. No State can exist there; no State will
ever be formed there.
Give us that additional range of mountains,
place the eastern boundary of the State in the
desert where it belongs, and we shall not call upon
you then for a survey. If you keep our present
eastern boundary where it is, next year we shall
have to ask for an appropriation for a survey. It
will be necessary for the people to ascertain where
they are in order that they may have an admin-
istration of justice. It will be necessary to go to
considerable expense to make that survey. If
you go a degree further east—I have seen some-
thing of the country myself, and I have taken the
pains to inform myself from others who are accu-
rately acquaimed with it—there will be no neces-
sity for a survey; but if you let the line remain
where it is, through a country that is to be inhab-
ited next year, you must give us a survey to de-
termine the lines. I think the point of expense,
the point of convenience, and every other consid-
eration is in favor of the passage of this bill. The
objections which gentlemen make to it are very
natural, because they regard this country as an
agricultural country, and they imagine that the
whole country can be settled up like the western
States. We have no such country. If gentlemen
will go there and see what we have and see what
is necessary, I am confident they will all be satis-
fied about it.
I do not think a postponement of this measure
will accomplish anything, because you can get no
information with regard to the country other than
you can get from us. My colleague and myself
have traveled over the country; we are familiar
with it; we know its resources; we know what is
necessary to give us a reasonable extent of coun-
try for a State. • You have no description of the
country. This country has been put upon the
maps heretofore as the <{ unexplored region."
You have no description of it; you do not know
how much of it is agricultural; you do not know
how much of it is mineral; you do not know how
much of it is inhabited. We tell you that two
thirds, and perhaps three fourths of it, is a desert
and cannot be inhabited and cannot support a
"population; and we need this much territory to
make a State with fair proportions. If you take
our statement for it you can pass the bill now.
You can get no other information, because you
have not iiad the country explored; you have no
maps of it, you have no authentic information
except what you get from individuals who have
traveled over it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to suggest to the
Senators from Nevada that I think the proba-
bility of the passage of this measure would be
very much promoted if it should lie over for a day
ortwo. 1 know thatl would look upon any meas-
ure affecting that new State with a great deal of
interest, but I could not vote forthe bill this even-
ing, and I think that is the disposition of many
Senators. I therefore suggest to the Senators
from Nevada to lot the bill lie over for the present.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator from Indiana
must be aware that it imperils any bill, at this
stage of the session, to delay it for two or thiee
days, with the pressure of public business here.
I think, with the Senators from Nevada, that if
it is to be passed at all, it must be passed now;
and let us have a vote upon it.
What has been said by the Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Stewart] in regard to the disposition of
BrighamYoungtoward the settlement of that coun-
try for mining purposes is all true, and to a
gteater extent than he has stated it. I have a
constant correspondence with General Conner,
located in Utah, having the Mormon problem in
charge, and I understand it is only by his protec-
tion that miners have been allowed to enter into
the Territory of Utah and mine; and that he can-
not 
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator from
California allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If this measure must be
forced upon its merits now, I wish to ask the
Senator if he is advised whether the Legislature
of the State of Nevada or any other authorities
have asked for it, and whether they have furnished
the reasons and the facts upon which they did
ask it.
Mr. STEWART. They have asked it. The
constitutional convention asked it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Have we that document
here?
Mr. STEWART. The constitution of the
State when it was formed provided that this
should be the boundary line, if Congress would
consent; thereby asking Congress to consent,and
the Legislature, before we left there, passed a me-
morial—whether it has reached here or not I am
not advised—asking for it, and setting forth sub-
stantially the reasons we have given to-day for
this boundary. 1 do not know whether that me-
morial has arrived or not. The constitution of
the State provides that this shall be the boundary,
if Congress will consent.
Mr. CONNESS. I will notcontinue to occupy
the time of the Senate, and hope the Senator will
withdraw his motion to postpone and let us take
a vote upon the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on postponing the present and all prior orders
for the purpose of proceeding to the consideration
of Senate bill No. 359; and the Chair will suggest
that under the rules of the Senate debate upon
that question does not involve the merits of either
bill, but should be confined to giving the reasons
for and against taking up the one or the other of
the bills.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will simply state, in
reference to this matter, that I think the Senators
from Nevada themselves would advance their
measure by a postponement of it until another
day. I am not prepared to vote upon it now, and
if called upon to vote upon it this afternoon it is
altogether likely that 1 should vote against it.
Would it not be better to waituntil this memorial
arrives here, or at least for a short time? I can-
not consent to withdraw my motion.
Mr. STEWART. I think if the bill is to be
passed at all it ought to be passed in time to go
through the other House at this session. Next
year we shall have a population in this territory,
and we shall be asking appropriations to make
surveys. It is highly important that this measure
should be passed at this session. If the members
of the Senate could see the country and under-
stand the situation, no gentleman certainly would
vote againstit; it would be ajSparentto all that we
need this additional territory. 1 have no objec-
tion to the bill lying over, but I am fearful at this
stage of the session that if it is laid overthere will
not be time to get it through the House; and it is
quite important-for the accommodation of those
who desire to develop that country that if it is to
be acted upon at all it should be passed at this
session. If there were any means of information
open to the Senate, any means of investigation,
if the description of the country was in the books,
if they had not ultimately to take the statements
of individuals who have seen it, if they had any
access to any other information,! would not press
it; but it is not probable that tiiey will have any
this year or next year unless we can induce gen-
tlemen to go out with us next year and see the
country.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This will be the unfin-
ished business in the morning; the Senate is get-
ting very thin 
Mr, CONNESS. There is a motion to post-
pone pending.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I know there is a motion
to postpone; and in order to get rid of all these
motions, and have it come up right in the morn-
ing, I move that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 8, 1865.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. W. Ii. Channing.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 408)
entitled "An act in addition to the several acts
for enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes,"in which he was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House.
CONGRESSIONAL DIRECTORY.
On motion of Mr. A. W. CLARK, by unan-
imous consent, joint resolution of the Senate
(No. 106) providing for the compilation of the
Congressional Directory at each session1, was
taken from the Speaker's table and read a first
and second time,
Mr. A. W. CLARK moved that the joint'res-
olution be referred to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. WASHRURNE, of Illinois. I think this
is a very proper resolution and may as well be
•passed now. It will enable us to get the Direct-
ory in time to be of some service to us, and not
oblige us to wait weeks for it, as we have to do
now. I ask for the reading of the joint resolu-
tion. „
The joint resolution was read. It provides for
the compilation of the Congressional Directory
under the direction of the Joint Committee on
Public Printing, and to be published by the Super-
intendent of Public Printing, the first edition for
each session to be ready for distribution within
one week after the commencement of the session.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I withdraw the motion
to refer.
The joint resolution was then ordered to a third
reading, and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
REPORTS FROM COMMITTEES.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would state to the House,
that as the business of the House now stands,
there seems to be very little probability that the
committees of this House can be called for reports
at this session. And as every gentleman knows
how our desks are filled with reports ready to be
made from all the several committees, I would ask
that unanimous consent be given that the morning
hour of every other day than Monday shall be
appropriated to the call of committees for reports,
and that the call shall proceed regularly.
No objection being made, the order was ac-
cordingly made.
PEACE NEGOTIATIONS.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested to communi-
cate to ttiis House such Information as he may deem not
incompatible with the public interest relative to the recent
conlerenc<* between himself and the Secretary of State
and Messrs. Stephens, Hunter, and Campbell, in Hampton
Itoads.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the Tote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
COMMISSIONER OF PATENTS.
Mr. IilGBY, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; whicjfe was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Whereas charges of gross fraud and corruption in office
have been made recently against iheCoimm&sioiierof Pat-'
outs and placed on the d«*slcs of the members of fins House,
and signed by a gentleman who offers to prove the same;
Therefore,
Hetolved, That a committee of five be appointed to in-
vestigate the said charges, and report their action to this
Iiou&e.
Mr. HIGBY moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table;
which latter motion was agreed to.
JOIIN FLOWER.
Mr. BROOMALL. I ask leave to withdraw
the papers of John Flower from the Committee
of Claims, to which committee they were improp-
erly referred on my motion, when they should
have gone to the War Department.
No objection was made.
AMENDMENTS OF THE RUMS.
Mr. COX. I desire to make a report from the
Committee on Rules.
Mr. STEVENS. Is this report in order, or
has the Committee on Amendments of the Rules
a right to report at any time?
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
of any rule that gives that committee the right to
report at anytime; though reports from that com-
mittee have usually been received at any time they
have been presented.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to re-
ceiving the report if the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Cox] will allow it to be laid on the table and
printed.
Mr COX. I hav« no objection to that.
