THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
that overthrew the pro-slavery organization of
this country; 4tid now, as a politician, 1 desire
to notify the Senator from Massachusetts that if
the political heresy that traitors are to be con-
sulted in reconstructing these States and that the
insurrectionary States are outside of the Union
is insisted upon, my opinion is that the party to
which the honorable Senator and myself belong
will be overthrown, as was the pro-slavery party
by the free-State party in 1856.
Mr. SUMNER. I was only making a few re-
marks when the Senator kindly interrupted me
and called us back to those days when he and I
were fellow-laborers for the sake of Kansas. He
knows that then I was not insensible to the cause
which he represented. And, sir, I am not now
insensible to the cause of the loyal citizens of the
United States, wherever they may be, in rebel
States or elsewhere. , 1 do not yield to the Sena-
tor from Kansas on that head. He has no mo-
nopoly, no patent right, to any special sensibility
for them. But this is not the time for any such
discussion, and I did not rise now to enter into
it; the Senator shall not tempt me into it. "Suf-
ficient unto the day is the eyil thereof." There
may be a time when it will be proper to discuss
more at large the topics to which the Senator has
referred.
I was proceeding, most modestly as I trust, to
indicate one objection as it occurred to my mind
to the reception even of these credentials. I
thought it the duty of the Senate to put its foot
down at once against all possibility of demand or
claim for compensation or mileage. "We have
nlready pending before the Senate a resolution
introduced by the Senator from Kansas to pay
mileage to certain claimants from Louisiana and
Arkansas. 1 asked the Secretary at the desk to
do me the favor to make a calculation of the sum
' involved in that resolution. I have his memo-
randum as furnished to me, now in my hands.
It sepms that John Slidell received as mileage
$2,074; ho was a Senator from Louisiana; and
that Robert W. Johnson received $1,816 as mile-
age; he was a Senator from Arkansas. For two
Arkansas Senators, therefore, following this pre-
cedent, the mileage now will be §3,632; and for
two Louisiana Senators $4,148.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. There are three Ar-
kansas Senators to be paid.
Air. SUMNER. The Senatorproposes, then,
to burden the Treasury still more. 1 say this is
« motive,,! think, for the Senate to put its foot
down now even against the reception of these cre-
dentials. But I am not disposed to take a course
which perhaps is inconsistent with the usage of
this boily, l therefore nltended to appeal to my
friend from Michigan, who made the motion not
to receive these credentials, to withdraw that mo-
tion and let them go to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, with the understanding of course that
they shall be carefully considered and sifted by
that able committee. At the same time 1 propose
to send to the committee a resolution which I
have drawn up and will read:
Resolved, That where a State has been declared to be in
insurrection, no pfrson can be recognized as Senator from
such irftate, or as claimant of a heat as Senator from suck'
State, until after the occurrence ot' three several condi-
tions: fii„t, the cessation of ail armed hostility to the
United Stales within tiie limits of such State; secondly,
the adoption by aucll State of a constitution of govern-
ment republican in form and not repugnant to the Con-
stitution and law.s of the United States; anjl thirdly, an act
of Concrete declaring that the people of such Mtatc ur«
entitled to representation in the Congress of the United
States.
As the yeas and nays have been ordered on the
motion of the Senator from Michigan, I suppose
it will require unanimous consent to withdraw
that motion.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 objected to the reception
of these documents when they were introduced.
I do not wish to go into a discussion in lespect
to the reception of these credentials with various
gentlemen on this floor who are likely to coop-
erate with me finally in what may be done, and
1 shall therefore freely withdraw the objection
which [ made; but I be  to say at the same time
that as 1 understand this question the Senate of
the United States ought not to receive such doc-
uments, because the so-called State which fur-
nishes them does not, as we know, exist either
in law or in fact.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The motion of the Senator from Michigan may
be withdrawn by unanimous consent. TheChair
hears no objection, and it is withdrawn.
Mr. SUMNER. Thequestion,then,is on the
reference of the credentials to the committee, and
I send this resolution to the Chair which 1 wish
to have referred with the credentials, andl desire
to have the resolution printed.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I objectto the recep-
tion of the resolution.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Kansas to
refer these credentials to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to. ■ t
Mr. SUMNER. Now, I ask for the reference
of my resolution to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
The resolution was read.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I suppose the reso-
lution must lie over under the rule.
Mr. SUMNER. Does the Senator object to its
going to the committee?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I object to its coming
in at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolution
cannot be considered to-day, under the rule, if ob-
jection be made by any Senator.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Then it goes
over.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the resolution
be printed for the use of the Senate. t
The motion was agreed to.
ThePRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair will
suggest that it is not within the competency of a
member to object to the reception of a resolution
offered by any member of the body, if it be in
respectful terms.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. It seemed that that
game was played yesterday successfully against
a whole people; against all the loyal men of Arkan-
sas.
Mr. MORRILL. That was not a resolution.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Not a resolution, but
a solemn and important paper.
MEXICAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing,reported the following resolution; which
was considered by unanimous consent, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the message from the President of the
United States, communicatum, In compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate of the 13tll of January, 1865, infor-
mation in relation to the present condition of Mexico and
the case of the French war transport steamer Rhine, be
printed, and that one thousand additional copies be printed
for the use of the Senate.
COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr.TRUMBULLsubmitted the followingres-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the clcrks of the standing committees
appointed Tor the last session of Congress be continued
durjyig the piesent special session.
f KESOLUTION EUKONBOUSLY ENROLLED.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore bid before the
Senate a message from the President of the Uni-
ted Suites in answer to a resolution of the Senate
of the 6th instant, requesting the return of a cer-
tain joint resolution (H. R. No. 161). The mes-
sage simply transmits a reportfromthe Secretary
of State. The Secretary of State in his report
states that the joint resolution (H. R. No. 161)
relating to certain railroads was yesterday re-
ceived from the President without having been
approved by him, with directions to record the
fact that the President had decided not to approve
u. The resolution was then placed on the usual
file in the Department. The right of either House
of a subsequent Congress to rccall from the Pres-
ident any act of legislation which has been duly
certified to the President as having been passed
by a preceding Congress may be regarded as at
least questionable. The second section of the
act approved September 15, 1789, entitled "An
act to provide for the safe-keeping of the acts,
records, and seal of the United States," seems
to be silent in regard'to such a ease as the one
under consideration. It was an invariable rule
of the Department, in conformity with that act,
to keep on its files all original documents which
are not by law required to be otherwise disposed
of, and therefore it appeared preferable to keep
the joint resolution on the files of the Depart-
ment rather than return it to the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. I submitted the motion that
the President be requested to return that enrolled
joint resolution. The course the President has
taken in refusing to approve it and putting it on
the files of the Department of State unapproved,
I suppose is satisfactory to evry Senator, and I
have no objection to make to it. I move that tho
message lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
MILEAGE TO CLAIMANTS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, called for the consid-
eration of the resolution heretofore submitted by
him for the payment of mileage to claimants to
seats in the Senate from Arkansas and Louisiana;
and the Senate proceeded to consider it.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I move to amend the
resolution by inserting the name of William D.
Snow after that of Mr. Fisnback; and also by
striking out " this Congress" and inserting " the
last Congress."
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.)
The resolution will be so modified on the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Kansas, the mover,
no action having been taken on it.
The resolution as modified was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary be instructed to pay out of
the contingent fund of the Senate the usual mileage to
Elisha Baxter, William M. Fishback, and William D.
Snow, respectively, as claimants for seats m the Senatu
from Arkansas, and Charles Smith and H. King Cutler,
respectively, as claimants for seats in the Senate from
Louisiana, at the sccond session of the last Congress.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Under the
rules of the body this resolution must necessarily
be referred to the Committee to Audit and Con-
trol the Contingent Expenses of the Senate.
Mr. WADE. 1 move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 9, 1865.
The Journalofyesterday was readand'approved.
COMMITTp SERVICE.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I rise, Mr. President, to a
personal explanation. 1 notice that by the action
of the caucus committee in reporting nominations
for the standing committees of this body, and the
subsequent action of the Senate confirming those
nominations, my name has been omitted fiom the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia
and placed upon the Committee on Public Lands.
This course has been adopted without any knowl-
edge on my part, and without any explanation
whatever. My State has little or no interest in
the public lands. 1 was the first man to tender
troops for this war, the first and only Governor
to accompany them to the field of battle, and I
remained steadfastly upon that line until duty
called me here. I am therefore the only Senator
who has seen service continuously, and I was
the only one upon the Military Committee that
has seen such service. In view of these circum-
stances, I ask to be excused from serving upon
the committees of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT ;>ro tempore. The Senator
from Rhode Island asks to be excused from ser-
vice upon the committees of this body. What
older will the Senate take upon the request of
the Senator from Rhode Island?
Mr. JOHNSON. It is an exceedingly unpleas-
ant duty to oppose a personal requestof this kind
made by any mem'ber of the body; but 1 appeal
to the honorable Senator from Rhode Island to
reconsider his determination and to withdraw the
request which he has presented to the Senate. I am
satisfied there was no design to treat him witli
any discourtesy; but I am sure that other rea-
sons, perfectly consistent with the high esteem
in which he is held by every member of the body,
must have influenced those gentlemen by whom
the committees were selected; but if he declines
to withdraw his request, as far as I am concerned,
I shall feel it my duty to vote against granting it.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from P^liode
Island has served upon the Committee on Military
Affairs since he came into the Senate, and I have
always found him attentive to the duties, hardly
ever missing a meeting of the committee. I was
surprised at the change made; I knew no reason
