660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
, Mr. WASEiBURNE, of Illinois. I would sug-
gest to my colleague on the committee [Mr. Cox]
to have the report printed" and postponed to a
future day.
Mr. COX. I would then ask to have it set
down for next Tuesday.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 call for the reading of the
report.
The report was accordingly read, as follows:
• Resolved, That rule 74 be amended so as to add to the
standing committees'to be appointed at the commencement
of each Congress, and to consist of nine members each :
Committee on Appropriations;
Committee on Banking and Currency;
Committee on the Pacific ltailroad;
said amendment to take effect from and after the close of
the present Congress.
Resolved, That the following be added to the standing
rules of the House from and after the close of the piesent
'Congress:
Rule —. It shall be the duty of the Committee on the Pa-
cific Railroad to take into consideration all such petitions
and matters or things relative to railroads or telegraph lines
between the Mississippi valley and the Pacific coast as shall
be presented, or shall come in question and be referred to
them by the House; and to repmt their opinion thereon,
together with such propositions relative thereto as to them
-shall seem expedient.
Rule —. It shall be the duty of the Committee of Ways
and Means to take into consideration ail reports of the
Treasury Department and ?>ueh other piopo&mon-s relative
to raising revenue, and providing ways and means for the
support of the Government as shall he presented, or shall
come in question and be referred to them by the House;
and to repojt their opinion thereon by bill or otherwise, as
to them shall seem expedient.
Kulb —. It shall be the duty of the Committee on Banking
and Bank Ouirency to take into consultation all piopoM-
tions lelative to hanking and the currency as shall be pre-
sented or shall come in question and be rcfoired to them
by the (louse; and to report thereon by bill or otherwise.
Resolved, That ftom and atier the close of the present
Congress, rule 76 be amended as follow*: Strike out all
after the word'" consideration,'1 in line two, to audi Deluding
the word ''expenditure," m line six, and insert m lieu
thereof, UA!1 executive communications and such other
propositions In regatd to cauying on the several Depart-
ments of the Government as may be presented and referred
to them l y the House." Btiike out in line one the woids
" Ways and Means," where they occur, and insert m lieu
thereof the words "on Appropriations."
Hcsoh-cil, That from and aftei the close of the present
Congress, rule 77 be amended by stiikuig out the woids
"of Wa\s and Means," and inserting in lieu thereof the
words " on Appropriations."
Mr. COX. I ask that the report be printed
and postponed till Tuesday next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that the report can be received and printed, and
a motion to reconsider entered, which will enable
the gentleman to bring it up again at any time.
Mr. COX, I will then make the motion that
the report be laid on the table, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COX. I ask that a motion to reconsider
the printing be entered upon the Journal.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War in answer
to a resolution relative to alleged exemption from
military duty of certain preachers of* the gospel;
which was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
BUST OF TIXR LATE CHIEF JUSTICE TANEY.
Mr. FRANK, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee on the Library a bill provid-
ing for a bust of the late Chief Justice Taney, to
be placed in the room of the Supreme Court of
the United States.
Mr. FRANK. I ask that this bill may be con-
sidered at the present time.
No objection was made.
The bill was then read a firstand second time. It
provides that the sum of $1,000 be appropriated
to enable the Joint Committee on the Library to
contract for a marble bust of the late Chief Just icc
Roger B. Taney, to be placed in the room of the
Supreme Court of the United States.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FRANK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table; which latter
motion was agreed tS.
APPLICATIONS FOR PENSIONS.
Mr. KRANDEGfEE, by unanimous consent,
offered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of repoiung a bill
to remedy the almost insuperable difficulties which now
exist in procuring the proof required by the Commissioner
of Pensions, arising out of the fact that an order has been is-
sued by the Adjutant General forbidding all officers furnish-
ing information of any kind connected with the death or
term of service of soldiers under their commands; and also
to report what legislation, if any, is needed to insure to ap-
pl ieants for pensions the return of their papers of discharge,
when required, from the files of the Pension Office.
PACIFIC BAILROAD.
Mr. COLE, of California, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a joint resolution relative to the
Pacific railroad; wlych was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the select committee on
the Pacific railroad.
PRINTING AGRICULTURAL REPORT.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. The
Committee on Printing have instructed me to re-
port back the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Public Pi inter be, and is hereby, ii^-
strueted to print fifteen thousand extra copies of the Agri-
cultural Repoit for the year 1863, foi the benefit and use of
the Agiicultural Department.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I should
like to have some explanation in regard to the
printing: of this additional number.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. This res-
olution was offered in the House by the chair-
man of the Committee on Agriculture, [Mr.
Clay,] after having been indorsed by that com-
mittee; and it is now reported back by the Com-
mittee on Printing. In response to the gentleman's
icqucat for information, 1 ask the Clerk to read
the letter which I now send forward.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Department of Agriculture,
Washington, D. C., Jfr'cbi uary S, 1865.
Sir: Tn reply to your niquity, as well as that of other
members of your committee, to wit:
,k How many additional copies of the Report of the De-
partment of Aiineuituie for 1863 do you icquire to supply
the necessary demands made upon you?"
I beg to say thru 1 made a communication on the 7th
ultimo to lion. BrutosJ. Clay, chairman of the Commit-
tee on Agneulture, m answer to the above interrogatory;
hut since that the fuither examination of the matter, and
the unpiecedented demands, daily inciea^ing, many of them
from new and unlooked-loi sections; ol our eountiy, in-
duce me to eouuei iha^btatement and submit the follow-
ing instead :
From the flou^e of Representatives \ received ten thou-
sand copies, and seven thousand irom the Senate—seven-
teen thousand.
The Department H called upon to supply, first, its own
correspondents, ot whom theie are, of those who furnish
.statistical information arid tacts ahout the crops,say eight
thousand—sometimes a few more or less, the number hav-
ing been daily and largely increased the past few weeks by
accessions from Mi-som'i,Kentucky, and Tennessee. Of
agtioultuial societies and cluh> theic are about one thou-
sand ; these aveia«e one hundred members each. Ten
copio* to eaeli society is a small allowance.
For the ^imihsontan Institute observers, our consuls
abroad, who furnish the Depaitment with important infor-
mation, and foreign agi ieultutal and literary societies, who
have been m the habit ol receiving the Repotts, about one
thousand are ie<juned.
On examination ot the Depaitment hooks, 1 find that the
last yr.ti ahout eiiiht thousand copies of the Report of 18(52
were distributed at lar^e to individuals applj ini  personally
or by letter. The demand for the Report of 1863 Is much
gieatei, so fat, than last year; foi this purpose at least ten
thousand eopie.s will be required.
There should certainly be reserved three thousand copies
for culls In alter yeais.
This statement, then, would show that I required about
fifteen thousand copies more, to wit:
For coi respondents   8,000
Forcoeietn'9  10,000
For consuls and Smithsonian obseivcrs  1,000
For general distribution  10,000
For re&erved copies       3,000
33,000
Number of copies received  17,000
Number of copics required     15.000
I ain, respectfully, your obedient seivant,
ISAAC NEWTON,
Commissioner.
Hon. Ambrose W. Clark, Chairman Committee on Pi int-
ing, House of Representatives.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I call the
previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will withdraw that call for a moment.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw it lor a moment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I did not
learn, by the leading of that letter, the aggregate
number of copies winch, if we adopt this resolu-
tion, will have been appropriated to the use of the
Commissionerof Agriculture. I think thenumber
will be between thirty and forty thousand.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. Thirty-
two thousand.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
state, for the benefit of members of the House,
that the copies of the Agricultural Report which
havealready been printed seem to have been "gob-
bled up" by the Commissioner of Agriculture,
while we have none to send to our constituents.
I do not believe that we should become a great
book-publishing concern, to give this Department
any number of these Reports that it may desire,
to send to everybody in th£country. To do so
would be an unjustifiable expenditure of the pub-
lic money. I desire to ask the chairman of the
Committee on Printing, [Mr. A. W.Clark] 
Mr. MALLORY. Mr. Speaker—
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Illinois yield to the gentleman from Kentucky?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir;
for a moment.
Mr. MALLORY. I wish to inquire whether,
in the letter of the Commissioner of Agriculture
there is not an item of ten thousand copies for dis-
tribution by the Commissioneramong agricultural
and literary societies? Now, sir, I take it that
every literary and agricultural society in the va-
rious States is furnished with copies of this Report
by the members of Congress. It is regarded by
each member as one of his first duties to send to
such societies a copy of the Agricultural Report.
1 can, therefore, see no need for appropriatingten
thousand copies to the use of the Commissioner
of Agriculture with a view to distribution among
these societies.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire that
the chairman of the Commitee on Printing shall
state the precise number of these Reports needed
for the Department of Agriculture.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I will answer the inter-
rogatory of my friend from Illinois by sending to
the Clerk's desk a letterfrom the Superintendent
of Public Printing winch has just been laid upon
my table with the request that I shall lay it be-
fore the House.
The Clerk read, ns follows:
Office Suitrinn-'^dknt Pubmc Printing,
Wa<?iiin'0T0v, Frhruary 7, 1^65.
Dear Sir: I understand that an effort is to be made to
Induce the Hou^e to order fifteen thousand additional copies
of the Agricultural Kepoit oi 1363 to be printed.
One hundred and eighty-three thousand live hundred
copies of that woik have already been ordered. !>uch ia
the demand of the War Department and the other Execu-
tive Derailments on the pies* facilities of the office that
they cannot all be punted for several months. Why add to
the nutnhei at a cost of about twenty thousand dollars, when,
if ordered, they cannot be printed tor a long time?
The amount of printing rendered necessary foi the Ex-
ecutive Departments by our present condition is immense.
The expenditure of this office, from appearances, will reacli
over two million dollars the present year. Ought not every
possible curtailment he made?
Very respectlully >ours, kc.,
JOHN D. DEFItEKS,
Supci mtendent Public Punting*
Hon. A W. Clark, Chairman Committee on Printing,
House of Representatives.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I believe that
that letter does not answer the question 1 put to
the gentleman from New York. 1 desire to know
how many thousand copies the Commissionerof
Agriculture has had.
Mr. A. W, CLARK. Seventeen thousand.
Mr. SLOAN. Will the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts yield to me for a moment?
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I appeal to
the gentleman to permit me to say one word.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I yield
to the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. SLOAN. I think that the objection to
giving so large a number of volumes of this Report
to the Agricultural Department grows out of the
fact that its distribution has been unjust and un-
equal. The mode of distribution provided through
members of Congress distributes these books
through all parts of the country, and each district
is supplied; but the volumes given to the Depart-
ment are distributed unequally, some States get-
ting three or four times the number that others do.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I hope that I may be
allowed to put a question to the gentleman from
Wisconsin.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. I yield
now to the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. I have only
one word to say in regard to that proposition.
This is the last Department of the Government in
