1865.
globe:
i m
for it; no suggestion to that effect to my knowl-
edge was made by any member of the Military
Committee to the committee that arranged this
matter. I hope as the action of the Senate has
been taken the Senator will withdraw his request
to be excused from serving on committees, 1 am
very sure that no member of the Senate intended
any disrespect or unkindness to the Senator from
Rhode istand. X hope he will withdraw his re-
quest.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator from
Rhode Island will withdraw his request. I think
I do not presume too much in saying that he will
be very welcome upon the Committee on Public
Lands, and his service will be very valuable
Ueere. He says that his State has no interest in
the public lands. I can assure him, what every
Senator very well knows, that the public lands
are the property of all the States. The people of
Rhode Island have a proportionate interest in
them with the people of every other State. I
hope the Senator will not insist on asking to be
excused, but will take his place upon the Com-
mittee on Public Lands at any rate.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope this question will be
allowed to lie over at present without action.' If
it is pressed to a vote now I shall certainly vbte
against excusing the Senator from Rhode Island
from serving on committees in this body. I am
quite certain there was no intention to slight the
Senator. I hope that action upon his declination
may lie over for the present, and I make that mo-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the further consideration of this' subject be
postponed.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have no remarks to make
on this matter further than the statement which I
have made. I trust Senators will treat me with
the courtesy of acceding to my request. 1 think
that the circumstances demand it, and that here-
after, when they come to look back upon all the
circumstances attending this transaction, they will
believe that they have been doing their duty (cer-
tainly justice to me) by acceding to the request I
here make.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not vote for the mo-
, tion of the honorable Senator from Rhode Island.
I had not noticed the change on the Military Com-
mittee until he called my attention to it this morn-
ing. I know the difficulty in forming the com-
mittees. It l as always been a delicate, difficult,
and responsible duty. No doubt the committee
that named these committees had some reason
that, if explained, would be satisfactory to the
honorable Senator from Rhode Island. That any
disrespect was intended to him I do not believe,
although I do not know what reasons influenced
the committee in making this change; but 1 am
satisfied that reasons could be given which prob-
ably would satisfy him. 1 know the difficulty of
arranging the committees; and for one, I have re-
solved formyself always, withoutany complaint,
without any interference, to abide the action of
the organized party to which I belong. If the
honorable Senator's request is granted, it will
only lead to further difficulty and further derange-
ments, I think we had better be content. I am
satisfied, indeed I know, that there could have been
no disrespect intended to the honorable Senator.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from California to
postpone the further consideration of this subject
until to-morrow.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. I was put upon the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs in the place of the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island. I make to him now be-
fore the Senate the offer, if agreeable to him, that
he shall have the place upon the Committee on
Military Affairs, and I will go upon the Public
Lands.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I thank the Senator from
New Hampshire for this mark of his kindness
toward me; but, sir, I cannot accept the tender.
I would have been glad to serve on the Mili-
tary Committee of this body, because there my
heart has been from the beginning of this war; it
was there that 1 commenced; from the military
service I came into this body, and I have cherished
that position with pride and with satisfaction.
But, sir, 1 cannot now accept the position that is
thus offered, and Senators would not one of them
desire me to occupy the place under^uch circum-
stances. I cannot accept it. I therefore beg leave
respectfully to decline the honorable action of the
honorable Senator from New Hampshire.
_ ,The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is, will the Senate excuse the Senator from Rhode
Island from service upon the committees in this
body to which he has been appointed?
The question was put; and the request was
refused.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, &nd agreed to:
Resolved, That five thousand copies of theiact amend-
ing the internal revenue act, passed by the la$t Congress,
with an index, to be prepared under the direction of the
Secretary of the Treasury, be printed for the use of the
Senate.
LEAVES 01 ABSENCE.
Mr. CLARK. I ask the Senate to excuse me
from attendance on the Senate after to-day, it be-
coming necessary that I return to my State.
The request was granted.
On motion of Mr. ANTHONY, leave of ab-
sence for the residue of the session was granted
to Mr. Howe.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, it was
Ordered, That Benjamin 8. Compton have leave to with-
draw his petition and papers.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, it was
Ordered, That Conrey & Jaudon have leave to withdraw
their petition and papers.
SKNATOR .FROM ARKANSAS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred the credentials
of William D. Snow, claiming to have been
elected a Senator from the State of Arkansas for
six years from the 4th of March, have instructed
me to make a report, and as it is very brief and
was hastily written, I will read it myself by the
permission of the Senate:
In the year 1861 the constituted authorities of the State
of Arkansas undertook to withdraw that Slate from tlic
Union, and so far succeeded in the attempt as by force of
arms to expel from the State for a tune the authorities
of the United States and set up a government in hostility
thereto; and in pursuance of an act of Uoilgress, the in-
habitants of said States have since been declared to be in
a state of insurrection against the United States. The
committee, therefoie, recommend that the question of the
admission of Mr. Snow to a seat be postponed till the next
session of Congress,and until Congress shall takeaction in
regard to the recognition of the aliened existing State gov-
ernment in Arkahsas.
In pursuance of the report, I move that the fur-
ther consideration of the subject be postponed
until the next session of Congress, ami I ask for
action now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objection
being interposed, the report made by the com-
mittee will be considered at the present time. The
question is, will the Senate agree to the report
just read ? •
,Mr. DOOLITTLE. If I understood the re-
port, there were two points in it. One was a mo-
tion to postpone. Was there not still a further
motion connected with it, or was it simply a mo-
tion to postpone?
Mr. TRUM BULL. The motion is simply to
postpone it. Wo give in the report the reason
whv wo make the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the question
of agreeing to the report; and it was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the report be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I understand the Senator
from Illinois to state that the motion which the
Senate have just adopted is a motion to postpone
until December.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is all.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not understand that
by this vole there is any question taken upon the
other proposition.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly not.
SENATORS FROM VIRGINIA.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 rise for the purpose of
presenting the credentials of Hon. John C. Under-
wood, as a Senator-elect from the State of Vir-
ginia for six years from the 4th day of March,
instant, and I ask that they be read.
The credentials were read.
- 'Mr. SUMNER; I move that those.papers
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 have no objection
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suggest whether it is
well to make a reference. It is a fact of which
every Senator will take official notice, that the
State of Virginia has been in the'same condition
as the State of Arkansas, and the committee have
just made a report in which they recommend the
postponement until the next session of Congress
of the consideration of the admission of a person
claiming to be a Senator from Arkansas. I think
ttte committee would necessarily come to the
same conclusion, as we all know the facts. J
sjiggest whether themotion to postpone the con-
sideration of the admission of Mr. Underwood
might not just as well be put now as after sending
the case to a committee.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall be very glad to modify
the motion by accepting the suggestion of the
Senator, and let them be postponed until the next
session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the further consideration of these credentials
be postponed until the next session of Congress,
until December next.
Mr. HENDERSON, I shall consent for one
to the course recommended by the Committee on
the Judiciary, but without intending to indorse
the view presented by that committee jn the re-
port that it is necessary to have the action of Con-
gress on this subject before the admission of Sen-
ators or members of the other House. I hold that
the proclamation of the President declaring the
people or a portion of the people of any one of
the States of the Union in insurrection does not
make it necessary that Congress shall pass any
act on the subject preparatory to the admission
of members from such States to either body.
When a portion of the people of Pennsylvania
were declared to be in insurrection it was not
necessary to have a subsequent act of Congress
in order to entitle members to be received in Con-
gress from that particular district which was de-
clared to be m insurrection. The President has
no power to declare a State in insurrection. Such
a thing under our form of Government cannot be.
The State itself cannot be in insurrection. The
laws of our Government can only operate on the
•people, and an ordinance of secession can give no
more validity to an act of insurrection on the part
of the people than it would have if they did not
pass any ordinance of secession. Such an ordi-
nance is a void act. If the people in any one of
these States, leaving the State government itself
loyal, had risen in insurrection and forced the
members of the State government to retire from
the State, and had organized another government,
I apprehend that if the legitimate and proper offi-
cers could return to the State before the expira-
tion of their term of service, that government itself
without any further act would be recognized by
the Government of the United States to be the
legitimate State government.
I cannot indorse the proposition that it is neces-
sary under any circumstances as preparatory to
the admission of members that we should have
an act of Congress, it is true the President has
declared people to be in insurrection. Ti j Senator
from Massachusetts says, in a resolution which he
has introduced here, that there must be a cessa-
tion of all hostilities in any one of these States
before its members can be received. If that be
true, what will be the result? I doubt whether
we shall ever get these States back unless we have
the aid of some sort of a local government there
to assist the United States in putting down the
rebellion. There will be guerrilla warfare m these
States for a great number of years. There are
States now in the Union that give an illustration
of this fact. For the last four years we have had
guerrilla warfare in my State, although we have
had the aid of a local government helping the
United States Government to put down this lr- .
regular warfare. With the General Government '
and that local government we have not yet suc-
ceeded in putting it down. Missouri is repre-
sented, and oughtto be represented, because it is
a loyal State, and I hope it will continue so, and
I know it will continue so. But if the Senator
insists that all hostilities shall have ceased in one
of the States before it shall be entitled to repre-
sentation in this body, we shall have to wait a
long time. If General Lee's army to-day were to
ra be J
: ■: V7
