1434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
surrender, as I hope it will in the course of a
short time, you would find that the armies under
Forrest, Chalmers, and various others of the
mounted lenders in the western States, would turn
loose and engage in an irregular mode of warfare
such as 1 have witnessed in my own State—pil-
laging and plundering, as guerrillas have contin-
ued to do in Mexico; and they will ke.ep up this
irregular warfare for a number of years. It is a
slow process to put it down; and if we are going
to deny representation here until all hostility has
ceased, I can assure the Senate that it will be long
before it is done. Let us have the aid of lo&l
governments to put it down.
I am not saying that the Senate is not to judge
of this matter when Senators present themselves
here; I do notsay that I am prepared to vote for
the admission of members from the State of Vir-
ginia; but I say that it is a thing for us to judge
of when the members present themselves here,
and it is not for the House of Representatives to
judge as to whether we shall admit Senators upon
this floor. The State is yet in the Union, and
the mere fact that the President has declared a
portion of the people of any one of these States
to be in insurrection does not at ail prevent, and
ought not to prevent, the Senate from acting when-
ever in us discretion it shall see fit to act. I do
not say that we arc bound to admit everybody
that comes here. Wo are not bound to admit
members from Maryland. We are not bound to
admit members from New Hampshire, nor from
Ivf n Mnrh ii f °
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
will suspend his remarks. The hour having ar-
rived designated yesterday by the Senate for the
election of Chaplain, it becomes the duty of the
Chair to call on Senators to prepare their ballots
for whom they will designate to be Chaplain of
the Senate for the Thirty-Ninth Congress. Mes-
sengers will wait upon Senators when they are
prepared with their ballots to vote for Chap-
lain.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I desire to place in
nomination the Rev. Thcmas Bowman, D. D.,
our Chaplain at the last Congress.
Mr. HARRIS. 1 desire to suggest the name
of the Rev. Dr. Gray, pastor of the E street Bap-
tist church in this city.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If notoutof order I should-
liko to say a single word.
The PRESI DliNT pro tempore. The Senator
from Missouri is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not desire to pro-
ceed with my remarks. I do not suppose any
Senator wishes to discuss this question; I surely
do not. I desire that it shall go over until the
next session, because the Senate is not prepared,
I am not prepared, to discuss it any further. I
am willing that it shall go over as recommended
by the committee. All 1 desired to do was to en-
ter my protest against the reason that the Judi-
ciary Committee give for their action. I do not
want the hotly committed to any such doctrine.
Mr. COLLAMER. The committee give no
reason in relation to Virginia, but only in relation
to Arkansas.
M r. DOOLITTLE. In relation to the State of
Virginia I think every Senator can easily see that
it stands on very different ground perhaps from
any of the otherStates from which Senators have
appeared with their credentials. The State of
Virginia, as such, has been recognized by this
Government in every form, by the executive de-
partment, and by Congress. By legislative action
we have recognized the government of Virginia
as the legitimate government of thai State, for it
was by the consent of the Legislature of that State
that we acted when we agreed to a division of the
Suite of Virginia into West Virginia and East
Virginia. Whether the action ot Congress was
wise or unwise m consenting to the erection of
the State of West Virginia is not a question which
is now to be discussed. The Government has in
every form recognized that State. We had until
the 4fh day of March a Senator from that State,
after the division of the State of yirginia. When
West Virginia was represented by two Senators
on tins floor we had two Senators still from old
Virginia, one of whom died during the recess of
Congress, Hon. Mr. Bowden, and the other of
whom remained until the 4th day of March last.
So that by the action of this body we have recog-
nized the existence of the State of Virginia—I
mean the old State of Virginia independent of the
State of West Virginia. We are therefore fully
committed; and besides all that 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I rise to a question of
order. I should like to understand this. I thought
we were electing a Chaplain, and we seem now to
be talking about Virginia.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I had the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to go on and address the Sen-
ate on this subject.
Mr. TRUMBULL. While we were electing
a Chaplain ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir. I do not sup-
pose I shall disturb the gentleman's devotions.
[Laughter.] ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
whether we have a Chaplain or not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. - Well, Mr. President, I
will give way at any time the Chair desires to
announce the result, if the result is arrived at.
ELECTION OF A CHAPLAIN. '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If Senators
have all voted, the Chair will proceed to canvass
and count the ballots.
The ballots having been collected and canvassed,
the result was declared, as follows:
Kev. Edgar H. Gray received 27 votes.
Itev. Thomas Bowman received  12 a
Whole number of votes cast    39
Nccessary to a choice  20
Mr. Gray having received a majority of the
votes cast was duly elected Chaplain to the Senati
for the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
SENATORS I'RO.M .VIRGINIA.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will finish in a word all
that I desire to say. The presidential proclama-
tion declaring the population of certain States to
be in insurrection excepted from its operation the
counties of Alexandria city and county, Berkeley,
Accomac, Northampton, Princess Anne,Norfolk,
Norfolk city,Portsmouth city, and Elizabeth city
and county, in the State of Virginia, containing a
population of over one hundred and seventy-five
thousand; and these counties are nowrepresented
in the Legislature at Alexandria.
But, Mr. President, I see that the Senate do not
desire to take up and dispose of any of these ques-
tions in relation to the admission of Senators from
any of these States at the present session; and
my purpose in rising now is not to press any such
action on the Senale, but simply to state in an-
swer to what full from some Senators that this
case of the State of Virginia may in some respects
stand on a different footing in relation to the
proclamation declaring States in insurrection,
from the other States, because of the action of
Congress already in recognizing the government
which is denominated the Pierpoint government
as being the true government of the State of Vir-
ginia, with which we have dealt, upon whose ac-
tion we have suffered the erection of a new State
witlfin the limits of Virginia, so that we may be
already committed on that subject in a different
form from what we are in relation to these other
States. I agree with the Senator from Missouri
in relation to all of them, that it is our duty at the
earliest practicable moment to take these free
States by the hand and give them the moral sup-
port of our recognition.
Mr. WILLEY. I do notrise, Mr. President,
to discuss this question. It is evident that the
Senate do not wish to entertain it at this time.
When it shall come before the Senate regularly
1 shall take the liberty of being heard, and I ex-
pect to be able to show that the application of the
Senators-elect'from Virginia stands on a very
different footing from the application of the Sen-
ators-elect from Arkansas and Louisiana. I
merely rose to say at present that several days
ago I presented the credentials of Hon. Joseph
Segar, elected by the Legislature of Virginia to
supply the vacancy occasioned by the death of
Mr. Bowden, and inasmuch as it is obvious that
this whole matter must go over to the next ses-
sion, I desire to take from the table the motion
which was then made, to refer those credentials
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and let those
credentials, with the credentials of Mr. Under-
wood, be postponed until the next session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will entertain that motion when the present mo- I
tion shall have been disposed of. The motion
now is that the further consideration of the cre-
dentials of Mr. Underwood be postponed until
the next session of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. The discussion is altogether
uncalled for by the motion proposed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. The motion itself ia
that the subject be postponed until the next ses-
sion. The reasons why the committee came to
the conclusion that such a resolution was proper
are not before the Senate except as the reasons
of the committee. Each Senator who votes for
or against the resolution will vote for or against
it for reasons of his own. I understand that no-
body will be committed by voting for the resolu-
tion as to the course which he shall pursue when
the question comes regularly before the Sen#b
either at this session or at any subsequent sessioil,
whether the Senators are entitled to be admitted
or not. I agree with the honorable member from
Missouri and the honorable member from Wis-
consin that it is very desirable that each State
should be.brought back at the earliest moment
practicable, and the only difference between us is
as to the time when it will be proper to receive
them and the manner in which they shall be re-
ceived; but those are questions to be decided here-
after. I submit to my friends to whom I have
alluded that it is better to let the question be taken
on the resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
before the Senate is on the motion to postpone
the further consideration of these credentials and
until the next session of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. 1 now move that the motion
made some timp ago to refer to the Committee on
the Judiciary the credentials of Hon. Joseph
Segar be taken from the table, and that those cre-
dentials also be postponed until the next session
of the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
underslands that those credentials were laid on
the table at the last session of the Senate, and
therefore are not before the body at this session.
Mr. WILLEY. I move to take them from the
table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I imagine the proper mo-
tion would be to ask leave to withdraw the cre-
dentials from the files of the Senate and then to
present them again. They are not now in the
custody of this Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro temporef Those cre-
dentials are not before the Senate in such a way
that they can be reached and brought before the
body for action unless they be taken from the
files.
Mr. WILLEY. I move that they be with-
drawn from the files and postponed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is that leave be granted to withdraw the papers,
in regard to the election of Mr. Segar as a Sen-
ator to this body from the State ofVirginia, from
the files of the Senate for the purpose of their be-
ing again presented.
Leave was granted.
Mr. WILLEY. I now move to postpone the
further consideration of those credentials until the
next session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Have they been presented?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. They have not
yet reached the desk from the Secretary's office.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to make the same
motion in regard to the papers touching the elec-
tion of Mr. Hahn as Senator from Louisiana.
They were laid upon the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it is better to pro-
ceed regularly. The credentials bad better be
presented, and then when presented let them be
referred or postponed. They are not yet in the
custody of the Senate, as I understand. I do not
know how the fact is in regard to the credentials
of Mr. Hahn.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. They were laid upon the
table at the last session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then they ought to be
regularly withdrawn and presented to the Senate
again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Wisconsin is that leave be
granted to withdraw these papers from the files
lor the purpose of their being presented here.
Leave was granted.
The credentials of Mr. Segar and Mr. Hahn
were subsequently obtained from the files in the
