1865.
fHE CDFGRESSIONA L < GjLOBI.
urn
Secretary's office, and presented to the Senate,
and postponed until the next session.
NATIONAL ACADEMY 01? SCIENCES.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was referred to the Comtaittee on
Printing;
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Senate
five hundred copies of the memoirs accompanying the an-
nual report of the National Academy of Sciences for the
year 1864, and one thousand copies for the use of the
Academy*
MILEAGE TO CLAIMANTS.
Mr. MORRILL. The Committee on the Con-
tingent Expenses of the Senate, to whom was
referred a resolution to pay mileage to claimants
f3r seats in the Senate from Arkansas and Lou-
isiana, have instructed me to make the following
report:
The Committee on the Contingent Expenses of the Sen-
ate, to whom was referred a resolution that the Secretary
be instructed to pay out of the contingent fund of the Sen-
ate the usual mileage to Elibha Baxter, William M. Fall-
back, and William f). Snow, respectively, as claimants for
seat?? in the Senate from Arkansas, and Charles Smith and
It. King Cutler, respectively, as claimants for seats in the
Benate from Louisiana, at the second session of the last
Congiess, having attentively considered the same, report
that the committee conceive their authority to be limited
by Jaw to the auditing of accounts for the ordinary con-
tingent expenses of the Senate, and that mileage is paya-
ble only to Senators as members of Congress, and not as
claimants for seats m the Senate, without an express order
of the Senate, The terms of the resolution exclude the
inference that the mileage therein contemplated is either
ordinary contingent expenses of the Senate or mileage of
Senators—members of Congress. Not regarding the reso-
lution in the nature of an outer of the Senate to the com-
mittee to audit the mileage of the claimants, arid failing to
perceive any authority of law lor allowing it, they report
the resolution back to ihe Senate, and re&pectfully as>k to
be discharged from its turther consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. The report must lie over, I
suppose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, It lies over
if objection be made. It requires unanimous con-
Bent to consider a report on the day it is made.
Mr. SUMNER. I object.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like to know
the Senator who objects.
The PRESIDENT pi'o tempore. The Chair
understood the Senator frefm Massachusetts to
object.
Mr. SUMNER. I object.
CONTRACTORS FOR WAR VESSELS.
Mr. NYE submitted the following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy pe requested
to organize a board of not less than thiec competent per-
sons, whose duty it shall be to inquire into and determine
how much the vessels-of-war and the steam machinery
contracted for by the Department in theyearsl862 and 1863
cost the contractors over and above the contract price and
allowance for extra work, and report the same to the Sen-
ate at its next session; none but those that have given sat-
isfaction to the Depaitinent to be considered.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Several messages in writing were received from
•the President of the United States by Mr. Nico-
lay, his Secretary.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Friday, March 10, 1865.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Edgar H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
CREDENTIALS.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise with great pleasure to
perform a duty incumbent on me. I present the
credentials of Hon. John A.J. Creswell, chosen
by the Legislature of Maryland a Senator from
that State to fill the vacancy occasioned by the
death of Hon. Thomas H. Hicks.
The credentials were read, and the oaths pre-
scribed by law having been administered to Mr.
Creswell, he took his seat in the Senate.
FOREIGN COMMERCE.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with a res-
olution of the Senate of February 17, a report on
the val.ue of the foreign commerce of the United
States, with statements relating to the leading
articles exported for the years 1857 to 1864 in-
clusive.
Mr. SHERMAN. At the request of Senators
I offer this resolution in regard to the printing of
this report:
Revived,That the report of the Secretary of the Treasury
bringing down the statement of the commerce of the United
States with foreign countries to the close of the year 1864,
transmitted in response to a resolution of the Senate of
February 17, ultimo, be printed, under the direction of the
Treasury Department, five thousand copies for  the use of
the Senate and five thousand copies for the use of the
Treasury Department.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Printing under the rules.
NATIONAL ACADEMY OE1 SCIENCES.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Printing,
to whom was referred a resolution to print the
memoirs accompanying the report of the National
Academy of Sciences, have instructed me to re-
port it back without amendment, and recommend
its passage. I ask for the present consideration
of the resolution.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the Senate
five hundred copies of the memoirs accompanying the an
nual report of the National Academy of Sciences for the
year 1884, and one thousand copies tor the use of the Acad-
emy.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the present
consideration of the resolution objected to?
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not object to its con-
sideration, but I have a word to say on the pas-
sage of the resolution.
The Senate, by unanimous consent, proceeded
to consider the resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from
Rhode Island whether the Senate have ever or-
dered to be printed without the concurrence of the
other House a document which does not ema-
nate from any Department or officer of the Gov-
ernment—a document that has no more connec-
tion with the Government than Bulwer's last
novel, or any other literary or scientific book.
Ought we now, without the concurrence of the
House of Representatives, to order a book of this
character to beprinted,havingnoconnection with
the Government directly or indirectly? 1 should
like to know from him whether it has ever been
done.
Mr. ANTHONY. It was done in the case of
this very Academy at the last session. Their re-
Sort was printed. It was objected to at the time
y the Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Collameu,]
and after he examined the subject he withdrew
his objection, and the order to print the report
was made unanimously. The memoirs that are
now proposed to be printed are of the very highest
value to science and to the country. They are
of such a nature that they can hardly be printed
by private enterprise, although the cost is hot
great; for almost ali the gentlemen who compose
this Academy of Sciences are men without any
property except in their brains, and at the present
high price of paper they cannot coin that into
printing material.
I think it is a document that ought to bo printed,
and in that I have the concurrence of the most
eminent scientific men in the country. Professor
Agassiz, whose name, I suppose, will be entitled
to great respect here, is exceedingly anxious for
it, and thinks it will be of great value. I think
so. They are investigations in the higher walks
of abstract science which are of immense im-
portance for practical uses. Although the men
who pursue the investigations arc never the men
who apply them to practical uses, it is necessary
to have their results spread before the world, in
order that practical men may take advantage of
them. I understand that most of these memoirs
are the solution of questions that have been sub-
mitted to them by the Government relating to
the Navy, of very considerable importance.
Mr. SHERMAN. The statement of the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island convinces me that we
ought not to enter upon this matter. There was
an appropriation inn bid that was defeated at the
close of the regular session of five or six thousand
dollars for printing this book. If it had been as-
sented to by both Houses, I should not have ob-
jected ; but the idea of taking our contingent fund
and appiopriating it for the publication of scien-
tific works, I think is a departure from all cor-
rect precedents, would lead us to embarrassments
hereafter, and if there ever has been such an ex-
ample it ought not to be followed.
Mr. ANTHONY. It was at the last session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am told the journal of
this society was published at the last session.
Tins society has no connection whatever with the
Government of the United States, except that it
was chartered by the Government of the United
States precisely like an insurance company is
chartered in this city, or a bank, or any other
local affair. They are not connected with the
Government,they are not responsible to theGov-
e'mment, they are not bound to make reports to
the Government; the Government does not ap-
point the officers; there is no connection between
this society and the Government. This report
does not come from any officer of the Govern-
ment. It aeems to me we ought to stop now.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think this Academy of
Sciences has quite as much connection with the
Government as the Smithsonian Institution. It
is bound by its charter to make reports to the
Government on questions submitted to it by the
Government, and is bound to do it without any
charge, and has done so at the request of the
Government. The estimated expense of this pub-
lication is $2,000, not $5,000 or $0,000 as my
friend supposes.
Mr. WILSON. I submitted this resolution.
It will be remembered that the House of Repre-
sentatives passed an appropriation in the miscel-
laneous bill for printing these very papers; 1 do
not know whether the Senate concurred in it or
not. I will simply say that the Academy is re-
quired to fnnke annual reports, but not of this
class of papers. The society was organized by
the Government. They are under obligations to
investigate any questions that they are called upon
to investigate by the officers of the Government,
and I understand several questions have been sub-
mitted to them, and it is estimated by some men
that the Government has already saved $140,000
by reports made b^ this Academy. That they
have .saved a considerable sum of moftey I have
no doubt, and this publication I have no doubt
will be of immense advantage to the country. It
will cost but a few thousand dollars. 1 should
be very glad to se& it done.
Mr. SHERMAN. X ask for the yeas and nays.
The yens and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to make but one
remark to the Senate in regard to this matter.
The printing being ordered by the Senate alone,
and not being an executive document, printed in
the ordinary course, must be paid for out of the
contingent fund of the Senate. At the last ses-
sion we made a point with the House of Repre-
sentatives about the use of its contingent fund
for the payment of extra compensation to the em-
ployes. Now, I beg leave to submit to the Sen-
ate whether it is not a stretch of authority for us
to appropriate out of the contingent fund for the
publication of a book not connected with the Gov-
ernment in any way, not connected with any de-
partment of the Government. I have very little
feeling about it. I have no objection to this mat-
ter going over to the next session, when there
may be an appropriation for the purpose put on
the miscellaneous appropriation bill, so that the
work can be paid for in the ordinary way; but if
ordered by resolution of the Senate alone, with-
out the concurrence of the other House, not being
a regular document, printed in the ordinary
course, it will have to be paid for out of the con-
tingent fund. 1 am told by the officer who has
charge of that fund that it is already very much
diminished by the extraordinary expenses of the
inauguration. I trust, therefore, that without a
division it will be allowed to go over.
Mr. GRIMES. I concur with the Senator from
Ohio as to the impolicy of voting for the publica-
tion of such documents as these out of the con-
tingent fund. At the same time, however, I am
very anxious that these memoirs should be pub-
lished. 1 am informed on very good authority
that there are some portions of them that may
be of vast practical benefit to the Government
and to the country. 1 think that this institution,
if it is conducted as I understand it has been thus
far, and as the law under which it was created
contemplated that it should be, that is to say, if
the branches of the Government me authorized
to refer to this body different subjects that are of
practical importance to the country, for investi-
