1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
671
Mr. HAIILAN. Thisbill will notoccupy more
than three or four minutes. It is a bill to correct
the description of a piece of land owned by a cit-
izen of my State, to which I am sure there will
be no objection. I prefer that the rule should not
be changed just now, the first time I have asked
a favor of this kind for some months. I think
the Senate has not proceeded according to the
rules of the Senate for the last four years. The
Senate has not been transacting business as ar-
ranged on the Calendar at an y time since the elec-
tion of the present incumbent of the Executive
office. Every bill that has been passed has been
taken up out of its order; and I would regret that
my friend should insist on his objection now.
Mr. FOOT. I do not insist upon it.
Mr. HARLAN. I move, then, to take up the
bill I have indicated.
Mr. CONNESS. I will ask whether, if this
bill is taken up, it will displace the business that
was pending when the adjournment took place
yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
inform the Senator that it will not. The unfin-
ished business does not come up until one o'clock.
Mr. CONNESS. My impression was that it
would be in order after the ordinary morning busi-
ness, during the morning hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It comes up
at one o'clock. It was the unfinished business of
.the session of yesterday.
The motion of Mr. Harlan was agreed to; and
the Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, pro-
ceeded to consider the bill (H. R. No. 431) for the
relief of Solomon Wadsworth, which proposes to
amend the act for the relief of Solomon Wads-
worth, approved June 16,18G0, by striking out the
word " ninety-four" and inserting in lieu thereof
the woid <4 ninety-five."
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
PRESIDENT AND VICE PRESIDENT-ELECT.
Under the resolution adopted yesterday Mr.
Trumbull was appointed on the part of the Sen-
ate to join such committee as may be appointed
on the pai t of the House to notify Abraham Lin-
coln of Illinois, and Andrew Johnson of Tennes-
sePjOf their election as President and Vice Pres-
ident of the United States.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The introd uc-
tion of bills and joint lesolutions is still in order.
Mr. CONNESS. If theie are no more bills or
joint resolutions to be introduced, as the Senator
from Ohio, the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, has given us notice that he will call for
the precedence of his legislative appropriation bills
this morning as soon as the hour of one o'clock
ariives, I move now to postpone all prior orders
and take up the unfinished business when the
Senate adjourned yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will ask the indulgence of the Senator to allow
the Chair to go through with resolutions, and then
it will he in order for him to submit his motion.
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly.
AKltANGKMlflNTS FOR THE INAUGURATION.
Mr. FOOT submitted thy following resolution;
which was considered by unanimous consent,
and agreed to:
Resolccd, That a eomimftce of three Senators ho ap-
pointed by the Pi eliding Officer of the Senate to make the
neeessaiy aunnjyements for the mauguiation ot the Pres-
ident-elect ol the United States on the 4th of Match next.
Mr. FOOT. As the mover of the resolution I
have to request that the Presiding Officer, in the
appointment of this committee, will waive the
parliamentary usage in the appointment of its
chaiiman.
The President pro tempore appointed Messrs.
Foster, Dooliti le, and Henderson as the com-
mittee.
STAT15 BANKS.
Mr. W1LLEY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Finance inquire into
tin: ptopuety of amending the act oi' Congress entitled "An
act to piovi'de a national currency seemed by a pledge of
United State-i bonds, aud t() pr°\i(Je for the circulation and
redemption thoieo/,'5 apptoved June 3, 1864? so as to allow
State banks having branches to become national banking
associations under the f-aid act, and still use a portion of
their capital for banking purposes, and keep offices of dis-
count and deposit at the several places where such branches
are now located.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills from the House of Repre-
sentatives were severally' read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Finance:
A bill(H. R. No. 688) making appropriations
for the construction, preservation, and repairs of
certain fortifications and other works of defense
for the year ending the 30th of June, 1866; and
A bill (H. R. No. 683) making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year ending
the 30th of June, 1866.
MILITARY SERVICE.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider its amendments, disagreed to by
the House of Representatives, to the bill (H. R.
No. 583) to amend the twenty-first section of an
act entitled "An act to define the pay and emolu-
ments of certain officers of the Army, and for
other purposes," approved July 17, 1862.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate insist
on its amendments disagreed to by the House,
and agree to the committee of conference.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire the Senator first to
explain what the disagreeing vote is about.
Mr. FOOT. Let the recoid be read.
The Secretary read the amendments of the Sen-
ate disagreed to by the House, which were to add
at the end of the bill the following as additional
sections:
Sec. —. And he it further enacted, That it is not within
the intent ot the tiist section ot the act of March 3, 1863,
entitled "An act to authonze the hrevettmg or volunteei
and other officers in the United States eoivice," author-
izing the Presulenttoconl'er bievetiank lor gallant actions
and meritorious conduct, to make a d^tincuon as to pay
between officer.-, of volunteeis and other t'oiecs, including
the regular Army; Lull that <ueh brevet lank dors not en title
any officer, either ol the regular Army or volunteeis, to anj
increase oi pay or emoluments
Sec.—. And be it fintker ctiactcd, That if a soldier, dis-
charged for wounds received in battle,die beloiereceiving
the bounty provided by the act of March 3, 18G3, entitled
"An act to amend an act to authonze the employment of
volunteers, and so torth," the bountj due shall descend to
his heirs m the same manner and order of succession as if
he had died in service.
Sec. —. Aftd be it further enacted, That no alien who has
resided in the United States for live yeais prior to the 19th
day of April, 1861, and who, if nam inlized, would have been
subject to military duty, shall be heieaitei naturalized, any
act to the contraiy notwithstanding.
Amend the title of the bill by adding at the end
thereof the words "and for other purposes."
The PRESlDENTpro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator fiom Massachu-
setts that the Senate insist upon its amendments
and agree to the conference asked by the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the committee on
the part of the Senate be appointed by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous con-
sent; and Messrs. Wilson, Grimes, and Lane,
of Indiana, were appointed the committee of con-
ference on the part of the Senate.
MESSAGE FROM THIS HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed without amendment a join t
resolution (S. R. No. 106) providing for the com-
pilation of a Congressional Directory at each ses-
sion.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following hills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the Sen-
ate:
A bill (H. R. No. 748) providing for a bust of
the late Chief Justice Taney to be placed in the
Supreme Couit Room of the United States; and
A bill (H. R. No. 743) pioviding for the con-
finement of juvenile offenders against the laws of
the United States in houses of refuge.
COMMERCE AMONG THE STATES.
Mr. WADE. I now move to take up the un-
finished business of yesteiday. I do notsuppose
it will take long.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER, I ask that that bill be laid
aside informally, so that I may be allowed to
move to make House bill No. 307 the special order
for Monday next.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
may be entertained at this time by unanimous con-
sent. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move now that House
bill No. 307 be made the special order for Monday
next. I will simply state that the chairman of
the Committee on Finance objected the other day
to making it a special order, because he had a
couple of bills that he desired to have considered.
I will say to that Senator that I shall not antago-
nize this bill with any of his financial bills; but I
desire to get a vote upon it, and I will press it to
a vote at the earliest possible moment. As Sat-
urday has been assigned for the business of the
District of Columbia, and the chairman of the
Committee on Finance has to-day and to-morrow
for his business, I move, if it be agreeable to the
Senate, that this bill be made the special order for
Monday next at one o'clock.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to inquire what the
bill is.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is House bill No. 307.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Its title will
be read for information.
The Secretary. "A bill to regulate com-
merce among the several States."
Mr. WRIGHT. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
has already been received, and the question is
upon it.
The motion was agreed to by a two-thirds vote.
BOUNDARIES OF NEVADA.
Mr. WADE. Now let us go on with the bill
I have called up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill (S.
No. 430) to amend an act to enable the people
of Nevada to form a constitution and State gov-
ernment, and for the admission of such State into
the Union on an equal footing with the original
States, is before the Senate as in Committee ofk
the Whole.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I was very anxious
that the Senators from Nevada should take their
seats in this body; but I am surprised that they
have commenced so soon to absorb the lands that
adjoin them. I am not prepared to adopt as a
system the policy of making these western Slates
so large as Nevada will be by the passage of this
bill. I should like to learn from the two Senators
how many square miles there will be in the State
of Nevada when they have made this their first
grab.
Mr. STEWART. I have not figured the number
of square miles that there will be; it will be some-
thing over one hundred thousand square miles,
deseit and all; and I suppose that of that number
there will not be exceeding twenty-five thousand
square miles which can be inhabited. The great
majority of our territory is barren waste; we
have a few small valleys, and the remainder is a
mountainous country, containing silver and gold
and other minerals. When the mines shall be-
come exhausted we shall have a very small terri-
tory to cultivate and support the population of a
State. We need this, at least.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading.
Mr. FARWELL. I do not like to raise any
opposition to this new State that has just come
in here, but it does appear to me this is extraor-
dinary legislation. The Senators from that State
say this is an unknown, unexplored country.
They, of course, cannot have explored this vast
territory very much, and there is a very great
degree of ignorancecertainly in this Senate in re-
gard to the condition and location of it. Now, if
this country is once annexed finally and becomes
a part of the State of Nevada, Congress will have
no power orauthonty hereafter to change thear-
mngement. I should have no objection to pro-
viding that the jurisdiction of Nevada may ox-
tend over this territory, with a reservation that
if it shall be found necessary or convenient here-
after to make a new Territory of it, Congress
shall retain the power to take it back. It is a
lar^e scction of land; it is a section of land which
is being annexed, without any knowledge on the
part ot the Senate, to a State much larger than
many of the original States, much larger than
many States in the Union, and it may interfere
very much with the necessary legislation for the
organization of that country. I wish the Sena-
tors would so change this bill as to leave in Con-
