1865.
THE 0:0KGRlSSI0mL ©LOBE.
government it is proposed to recognize formed a
constitution which I have before me. It ia one
of the most liberal constitutions in the United
States. The very first article of that constitu-
tion declares that " slavery and involuntary ser-
vitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof
the party shall have been duly convicted, are
hereby forever abolished and prohibited through-
out the State." The second article is as follows:
" the Legislature shall make no law recognizing
the right of property in man." This made Lou-
isiana a free State. Another clause of the con-
stitution fixes the right of suffrage very liberally,
much more so than is the caiie in most of the
States. The article upon that subject reads as
follows:
" Every white male who has attained the age of twenty-
one years, and who has been a resident of the State twelve
months next preceding the election, and the last three
months thereof in the parish in which he offers to vote,
and who shall be acitizen of the United States,shall have
tli? right of voting."
The constitution of Louisiana does not stop
even there, but it goes further. The fifteenth
article declares:
" The Legislature shall have powerto pass laws extend-
ing suffrage to such other persons, citizens of the United
States, as by military service, by taxation to support the
Government, or by intellectual fitness, may be deemed en-
titled thereto."
This is more liberal than the constitutions of
most of the States. They do not as a general
thing authorize the Legislatures to allow any per-
son but a white male to vote; but this Louisiana
constitution is more liberal in that respect. I
know it was objected to by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts because it did not allow colored per-
sons to vote; which is the case with five sixths of
the State constitutions, and that, too, withoutany
power in the Legislatures to extend the right of
suffrage.
Then there is a very liberal provision in this
constitution on the subject of education. It pro-
vides for the election of a superintendent of pub-
lic education, and declares .in one of its articles
that—
" The Legislature shall provide for the education of all the
children of the State between the ages of six and eighteen
years, by maintenance of free public schools by taxation or
otherwise."
Is there a more liberal provision than that in
any State constitution? You will observe, sir,
that the provision is not simply for the education
of the white children, but it is for the education
of all the children in the State, and it provides for
raising the means by taxation to maintain public
schools to educate every person.
That was the constitution which was adopted;
and who adopted that constitution ? A great mis-
apprehension exists in the minds of some as to
the persons who adopted it. It is said that they
were a mere fraction; that it was forced upon the
people by military power; that it was adopted in
subversion of the old constitution of Louisiana.
An examination of the facts would show that
these positions were all untenable. In the first
place, what was the old constitution of Louisiana?
It had been altered by the rebels to be a constitu-
tion in hostility to the Government of the United
States. Every person holding office in the State
of Louisiana under the old constitution had ab-
jured his allegiance to the Government of the Uni-
ted States. The local authorities had undertaken
to withdraw that State from the Union, and had set
up a government in hostility to it. And when the
Senator from Ohio, in his zeal, undertook to say
that the existing State government was setup by
military power, and the Senator from Michigan
that it was held up by military power, did both
these Senators forget that Louisiana was exclu-
sively under the control of the military power
before this existing State government was inaugu-
lated? The object of recognizing this existing
State government is to get rid of the control of the
military. Of necessity, when the loyal authori-
ties of the United States are expelled from a State,
when the inhabitants of that State arm against the
Government of the United States, and our armies
go forth to overcome them, as we take possession
of the States of Louisiana and Arkansas we find
110 government there in harmony with the Gov-
ernment of the United States. What follows?
To prevent anarchy, to preserve the peace, the
military of necessity take control, and they con-
trol exclusively. The old constitution of Louisi-%
ana has no force whatever in the State of Louisi-
ana when our military take possession of it, any
further than the military think proper to make use
of it as a convenience. Your armies and your
commanding generals pay no sort of attention to
the local laws and the rebel constitutions of South
Carolina and Georgia and Louisiana, if they are
in the way of their march. They pay no atten-
tion to agy of their regulations. They are setup
in hostility to the Government which those armies
are undertaking to maintain. We have sent our
armies into these States to overthrow the rebel
governments; and their commanders detail cap-
tains and lieutenants, and make them provost
marshals, and assign to them particular duties to
preserve the peace in Savannah and Charleston
and New Orleans. They may, if they think
proper, make use of some of the officers they find
there, but that is a matter of convenience; they
are not compelled to do it.
That is the condition in which Louisiana was.
Now, sir, in order at the earliest possible period
to rescue that State from this condition of things,
an absolute military government over it, the com-
mittee propose to recognize the State government
which the loyal men of Louisiana have set up.
I should like to ask the Senator from Ohio if
there is any government this day in South Caro-
lina or Georgia, unless it is the government of
the military power, and if we can have any other
there for the time being, I mean in harmony with
this Government?
Mr. WADE. Certainly not; and that is what
I have always contended. The pretense that there
is a civii government sending up magistrates here
to be paid by us is an absurdity. There cannot
be any other government than the military gov-
ernment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator and I per-
fectly agree that it is a military despotism, if you
please to call it a despotism, which rules over these
States as they are reclaimed; but neither the Sen-
ator nor I mean that to continue forever. We
mean to have these States organized by loyal men
upon republican principles; we both agree in that.
Let us not dispute, then, about questions not in
issue between us. At some time or other, and in
someway or other, the Senator from Ohio means
that a republican government shall be set up In the
State of Louisiana and in the other rebel States
in subordination to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. Has the time come for doing this,
or when will it come, and how is it to be done?
These are the questions. He thinks the time has
not arrived for doing it in Louisiana, and that it
has not been done in the proper manner. That
is his objection. He wants it done; he means
that it shall be done at some time and in some
way. We are going to have all these States back
in the Union, recognizing the authority of the
Government of the United States. The Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, on examination cf the facts
in regard to Louisiana, thought the time had ar-
rived for doing that now, and that this govern-
mentsetup by the peopleof thatStatein the man-
ner it had been done had better be recognized
rather than to turn them back. That is a ques-
tion about which we may differ, butl desire to lay
before the Senate a few facts about it.
In the first place it is no objection to the gov-
ernment which is set up that General Banks's
orders interfered with the old constitution of
Louisiana. That had become a rebel constitu-
tion; it had no force whatever. The military
had overthrown the rebel government to some
extent; the Senator from Ohio thinks not fully,
not throughout the State, but it had done it to
some extent. The rebel laws and constitution
were not binding upon General Banks or upon
anybody else. What we want is to get at the
fact, did the people have a fair opportunity to ex-
press their sentiments, and have they expressed
their sentiments in such a way as to show that
they are loyal to the Government of the United
States, and did the action of General Banks in
aiding the people to give expression to their sen-
timents interfere with republican principles and
republican government and the Constitution of
the United States? These are the questions.
If the people had a fair opportunity to reestab-
lish a loyal State government and have done it,
we care very little about forms. I say it is noth-
ing that General Banks's orders did not conform
to any previously existing state of things in Lou-
isiana. Were they fair and proper orders? Some
of them I would pot have issued, but -cme order
which was complained of by a gentleman
now a member of the Senate, related to freedmen,
and had nothing to do with- voting. I believe, it
was Order No. 23, in regard to the cultivation of
plantations in Louisiana. The order has since
been published by order of the Senate, and I
have it before me. It commences in this wise:
[General Orders, No. 23.]
Headqcarters Department of the Gulf,
New Orleans, February 3, 1804.
The following general regulations are published for the
information and government of all interested in the subject
of compensated plantation labor, public or private, during
the present year, and m continuation of the system estab-
lished January 13, 1863.
That was an order in regard to plantation la-
bor, and not in regard to the election or the or-
ganization of civil government, and it is in this
order that the objectionable passages which have
been referred to occur. I shall neither undertake
to condemn nor to defend the order; but it has
reference to another subject, and not to the or-
ganization of the civil government. It will be
found on an inspection of General Banks's orders,
which were before the committee, that there was
nb order that would have prevented any loyal
man from talcing partin this election if he wanted
to take part in it. They were encouraged to take
part in it, and there was no order that would keep
a loyal man away. There were some orders that
would keep rebels and traitors away. They
could'not take an oath to support the Constitution
of the United States, and neither the Senator from
Massachusetts, nor the Senator from Ohio, nor
myself, would allow any man to vote at any elec-
tion that would not swear, to support the Consti-
tution of the United States, if we could help it.
Some of his orders went further; and one of
them that has been objected to requires that the
voter should swear to support the proclamations
of the President, and not only the proclamations
that had been issued, but those thixt should be
issued, subject to the decisions of the Supreme
Court. I think that was objectionable; 1 would
not have issued such an order, but 1 did not find,
and the committee did not find, that any consider-
able number of persons in Louisiana, or any num-
ber of persons, were kept from tbe polls in conse-
quence of it. We did not find that it affected
substantially the action of the people. What
was the action of the people? In regard to that
I find a very great misapprehension exists in the
Senate; and if the Senate will bear with me, I wilt,
state a few facts with reference to the number of
persons who took part in settingup the new State
government.
Mr. WADE. I wish to inquire of the Senator
whether he supposes the title of these claimants
to mileage depends upon the fact whether Louisi-
ana is in the Union under that constitution, as a
matter of right, or not, because if this resolution
involves that whole question 1 shall vote against
it. The Senator seems to argue it as though it
was an original question going to the very founda-
tion of their right to seats in the Senate. He him-
self is opposed to that; and yet he institutes an
argument here which seems to indicate that in
his opinion their right t6 mileage depends entirely
on their absolute right to seats here.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps not on their ab-
solute right to seats, but I think it does depend
upon their having a reasonable case, a prima facit
right, perhaps, to a seat. 1 think that not every
person who comes here and claims to be a Sena-
tor should be entitled to mileage; but 1 do not
think it is necessary that every man should bo
absolutely entitled to a seat to entitle him to re-
ceive some compensation; still, I think it should
be a reasonable case, and the reason why I am
making the statement I am is to show that this is
not a case entirely baseless. The Senator from
Ohio may not agree with me, but I think thero
was enough of a case to justify these gentlemen
in coming here and claiming seats; and in order
to show that there was enough of a case, that it
is not a bare pretense, I am making the statement
I am.
Now, in regard to the number of persons who
took part in the elections. At the first election
for State officers in Louisiana, which was held
in February, 1864,11,411 votes were cast. Some
of the Senators say that is very few votes for
Louisiana, when she cast 50,000 vote® before the
rebellion. What if she did ? 8he never but once
