1438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
, in her whole history cast 50,000 votes. The vote
of Louisiana hasusually been exceedingly small;
and will the Senator from Ohio be astonished
when I tell him that at the gubernatorial election
of 1853 only 22,000 and some odd votes were cast?
More than half as many votes were cast for Gov-
ernor at this election a year ago last February as
were cast in 1853, when there was no disturbance
in the State—22,000 then cast and 11,000 cast at
this election.. And will the Senate be astonished
when I tell them that even in 1859, at the last State
election held in Louisiana before the rebellion,
only 37,000 and some odd votes were cast? About
one third as many votes were polled at the election
held in February, 1864, as were castfor Governor
in 1859, when there was no rebellion. Taking
all the elections for ten years prior to that of 1864,
and the average vote of the State was only 34,000.
You have about one third of all the voters in the
State voting at this time, and some allowance must
be made for the number of persons that have gone
out of the State. Every Senator knows that hun-
dreds and thousands of the voters of Louisiana
went into the rebel army; many have died, many
have fled the State, some are in our Army; and is
it any wonder that the vote should not have been
as large in 1864 as formerly? It is not then, you
will see, a mere fraction of the people who voted
at this election.
Again, on the ratification of this constitution
8,402 votes were cast. 1 heard some Senators
stating that 6,000 voted for the constitution. Six
thousand and odd voted for the constitution, and
some one or two thousand voted against the con-
stitution. Are not the men who voted against it
just as much bound as those who voted for it?
You must take the whole vote; and at that very
election, when only 8,402 votes were cast on the
ratification of the constitution, 9,024 persons took
pan in the election and voted on other questions.
They did not all vote either one way or the other
on the constitution. Its ratification was not se-
riously contested; it was conceded that it would
be adopted.
In the State of Louisiana there are forty-eight
parishes. Twenty of these parishes cast votes on
the ratification oftheconstitution,and they are the
large parishes, the most populous ones. I have
had prepared a table showing; exactly the popu-
lation which was represented in the convention
which framed this constitution; and the popula-
tion of the twenty parishes which sent delegates
to the convention, and which voted on the ratifi-
cation of the constitution was, in I860, 463,855,
while the population of the State at the same
time was only 708,002. These figures are from
the census of 1860. So it will be observed that
about two thirds of the population of the State
took part in the formation and ratification of the
constitution.
How different is that from the statements that
have been made in the Senate ! About two
thirds of the entire population of the State was
represented in this convention and took part in
the adoption of this constitution, the entire pop-
ulation of the State being only some seven hun-
dred thousand, and four hundred and sixty-three
thousand of that population taking part in the or-
ganization of this State government.
Again, sir, the convention, which I believe was
fairly apportioned through tiie State accordingto
population, was made to consist of one hundred
and fifty delegates, if every parish in Louisiana
had sent, a delegation to the convention according
to population, there would have been presentone
hundied and fifty delegates. How many were
there? Ninety-eightwere elected and served,and
seventy-nine signed the constitution which was
adopted. To the State Legislature, which is made
by the constitution to consist of thirty-six sena-
tors and one hundred and eighteen representa-
tives, provided every part of the State was repre-
sented, twenty-seven senators and eighty-four
representatives were elected and took their seats.
Thus you see that about two thirds of the popu-
lation of Louisiana and about two thirds of the
numoer of delegates if the whole State had been
represented, and about two thirdsof the members
of the Senate and of the House of Representatives,
if the whole State had been represented, have
taken part in this new government.
What, then, does this show? It shows,in the
opinion of the committee and according to the
testimony that was before them, a clear case where
a majority of all the people of Louisiana have ex-
pressed their preference forthe State government
which has been set up, whether it is considered
upon the representative basis in the Legislature,
upon the representative basis in the convention,
or according to the population in the portions of
the State represented. It is no answer to say that
everybody did not vote. You could n t expect
as many voters there as before the rebellion.
Why, then, sir, not recognize this existing
State government ? The testimony was concur-
rent before our committee that a majority of the
loyal people were represented in the convention
and approved this government which had been
set up. Under these circumstances, being desir-
ous to remove the military government at the
earliest practicable period, believing it would be
better for the United States to recognize this gov-
ernment, and thinking it highly important at the
earliest moment to have a government in Lou-
isiana loyal to the United States around which
the loyal men might rally, thinking it would add
strength to the Government of the United States,
we came to the conclusion under all the circum-
stances that it was best to recognize this State gov-
ernment. I think so now. 1 believe that would
have been the opinion of Congress if the matter
could have been fully investigated; but whether
so or not, it was the opinion of one of your com-
mittees, and 1 think these claimants were justified
in coming here and claiming their seats on such a
caseasl havepresented to you; and beingjustified
in coming, I am in favor ofamending the resolu-
tion so as to pay mileage to the two gentlemen
from Louisiana who claimed seats in this body.
That is as far as I am at present willing to go.
When we shall have decided in regard to Arkan-
sas, and have investigated that matter and seen
that it presents even a doubtful case as to whether
the government setup in Arkansas should be rec-
ognized or not, I would be willing to pay a per-
son who came here claiming to be a Senator and
presented that, case to us. We have not yet, how-
ever, investigated the case of Arkansas. The
Arkansas members did not present their creden-
tials at the last session of Congress, and it will
be time enough to decide their case,when it is
presented to us in the same shape that we have
had the case of Louisiana before us.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President 
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator will give
way and allow us to have an executive session.
Mr. WADE. I do not rise at this period of
the session with any intention to enter into any
lengthy debate on this subject, and I am astonished
that the Senator from Illinois should have made
the elaborate speech which he hasjustdelivered. I
cannotattributeitto any other consideration than
that he had a well-prepared speech made out in his
mind, and I suppose it must be delivered at some
time before we adjourn, on some occasion, what-
ever it might t>e. I do not imagine that it was
necessary to attempt to prove that the persons
claiming to be Senators from Louisiana were en-
titled to their seats here as Senators, in order to
entitle them to mileage. I do not say now that I
shall notvote toallow them mileage; butcertainly,
as the precedents of the Senate go, the two ideas
are as different and as far apart asany two things
can well be.
1 recollect that when I first came into this body
there was a contest between Mr. Mallory and
Mr. Yulee, of Florida. Mr. Mallory came here
with the certificate of the Governor of Florida
showing that he had been duly elected a Senator
by the Legislature. Mr. Yulee came in with a
transcript from the journals of the Legislature
showing, as he claimed, that certain blank votes
were cast, and that as they were counted 01* not
counted the result would be changed. There-
upon a contest was had; the question was referred
to a committee; that committee held it under con-
sideration all the session. Toward the very end of
the session, at the close of a hot summer, they
made-their report. Mr. Yulee was permitted to
come into the Senate and argue tiie question him-
self, Mr. Mailory having been the sitting mem-
ber during the whole session. When the ques-
tion was thoroughly argued before the Senate,
and due deliberation had, and the yeas and nays
were called, Mr. Yulee did not get a single vote;
and yet the Senate paid Mr. Yulee for his mileage
to and from Florida, and his per diem during the
whole session.
Now, why has the Senator from Illinois made
such an argument as he has made here to show
that these gentlemen were entitled to their seats,
when the question merely is whether they shall
be allowed mileage? That was the weakest
way he could have argued the question of al-
lowing them mileage. The Senator himself,,
as a member of the Judiciary Committee, has
reported that they were not entitled to seats.
Why were they not entitled to seats in his opin-
ion? Barely because Congress has not repealed
its former doings, but stood by the law which
declared that Louisiana was a rebel State, in re-
bellion against the Government of the United
States. We had solemnly so declared; not the
Senate alone, but the Congress, the law-making
power of the Government. Now that declaration
rests upon your statute-book that Louisiana is
in rebellion against the people of the United States,
against the laws, and against the other States.
Therefore, says the Senator in his report, in his
judgment, they are not entitled to seats here.
That would go far, in my estimation, not only
to prove that they are not entitled to seats, but
that they are not entitled even to mileage, bocausa
they must be presumed to have taken judicial
notice of the condition of that State and of the
laws of this Government. When they stood as
candidates in Louisiana for this high office, tfiey
knew that there was a law declaring their State to
be in flagrant rebellion against the United States.
How, then, were the people of that State in a
condition to vote under the proclamation of your
President? Can proclamations overrule your sol-
emn laws? I know of only one instance of it in
modern times, and those times not very modern
either. I believe that the British Parliament on
one occasion became so forgetful of its rights, its
honor, and its dignity, that it made a law declar-
ing that the proclamation of the king should be
equivalent to a statute and have the same force
and effect. That act stamped that Parliament
with a disgrace which will go down to posterity and
will live forever as "a record of the infamy and
degradation to which a British Parliament once
sank itself. And yet the Senator here sets up the
proclamation of the President against the law,
although the President does not say that this bar-
rier is removed. He only undertakes to say, in-
side of that, without contradicting it, that when-
ever one tenth of the people shall take a certain
oath they may then be entitled to organize, &c.
I do not wish to repeat that absurdity. 1 do not
intend at this stage of the session to argue it at
length, because we have no right to take into con-
sideration any such thing. The House of Rep-
resentatives have gone home; the session of Con-
gress has ended; this is a bare executive .session
of the Senate, with no power to make a law or
consider a proposed law.
The Senator says that it was the object and
purpose of this Government to set up ix repub-
lican government in Louisiana just as soon as it
could do it. Sir, you never can do it; it is not
in the power of the President and Congress to set
up a republican government in a State whose
people are deliberately opposed to republican gov-
ernment. The Senator has well said that a mil-
itary government is all you really have, and so
far as we know it is all you can have there, be-
cause if our law is right—and we are bound to
stand by the law as announcing the truth—they
are in flagrant rebellion against the people of the
United States and Qtterly incapable of republican
government under the Constitution. That is the
status of things, and you cannot argue the seat off
the bond. There it stands,and there it will stand
forever unless repealed by a law of Congress.
These people are utteily unqualified to set up a
government of their own.
But that consideration out of the way, how was
this set up? Did any citizens of Louisiana come
'forward and say to the Government of the Uni-
ted States, <f We wish now to lay down our arms;
pray send down officials here who will permit us
to set up a government of our own, and when
we have shown our loyalty v/e ask you to with-
draw your military government and permit us to
set up a government of the people?" Was there
any movement to this effect by the people of the
State of Louisiana ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Oh, yes.
Mr, WADE. Where is the evidence of it? I
say to you, sir, it was a despotic military edict
