1440
THE CONGRESSIONAL. G&OBE.
March 11.
Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, McDougail, Morrill, Nes-
raith, Kanwey, Saulsbury, and Sherman—13.
So the motion was agreed to.
After some time spent in executive session, the
doors were reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, March 11, 1865.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal ofyesterday was read and approved.
PAY OP EMPLOYES.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Rcsoioed, That the Secretary of the Senate be directed
to pay the elprks to committees and pages employed during
the present session of the Senate the usual per diem com-
pensation.
Mr. COLLAMER. Is there a necessity for
passing such a resolution as that to pay the ordi-
nary pay? They have received their pay.
Mr. SUMNER. This is for the present special
session. I was told it was according to usage; I
do not know.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does the resolution include
all the officers?
Mr. GRIMES. No; the others are paid by
salaries.
Mr. JOHNSON. Does it include all who are
paid a per diem allowance?
Mr. SUMNER. AH who are employed during
this session.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand there-is some
doubt about it.
Mr. SUMNER. At the suggestion of Sena-
tors, I will modify the resolution by inserting after
ei Senate" the words u and such other attendants
as are paid by the day."
The resolution was read three times, and
passed.
MILEAGE 3TOK SPECIAL SESSIONS.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the following resolution,
and ask for its present consideration:
Keso/ucrf', That the Secretary of the Senate, out of the
nppropi iation for the compensation and mileage of Senators,
pay to the Senators whoso terms of service commenced
on the 4th days of JVlai eh, 18GU, and 1800, and who were
in attendance at the <>xtta if-ssions of tht* Senate in those
years respectively, then mileage severally lor traveling to
the teat of the Federal Government.
Mr. GRIMES objected to the consideration
of the resolution, and it was laid over under the
rules.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Kansas, the Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of executive
business, and after an hour spent in executive
session the doors were reopened.
PREPARATIONS FOR ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, moved that a commit-
tee of two be appointed to wait on the President
of the United States and inform him that unless
he has further communications to make, the
Senate is ready to close the present session by an
ojournmcnt.
* The motion was agreed to; and Mr. Lane, of
Kansas, and Mr. Sprague, were appointed the
committee.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate take a
recess until two o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore resumed the
chair at two o'clock.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. KOOT, the Senate proceeded
to the consideration of executive business.
The doors were reopened at fifteen minutes of
three o 'clock.
FINAL ADJOURNMENT.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, from the committee
appointed to wait on the President of the United
States, reported that they had performed that
duty, and the President stated that he had no
further communication to make of sufficient im-
portance to detain the Senate.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I now move that the
Senate adjourn sine die.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that motion ought
not to be agreed to while there is business pend-
ing which ought to be disposed of. We know
very well that there is business pending which
the objection of one Senator has prevented our
acting upon to-day.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I call the Senator
from Ohio to order. He is dwelling upon that
which has transpired in executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know that I have
transgressed the rules. I certainly do not wish
to do so. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is of opinion that the Senator from Ohio is in
order. He has not stated anything that has trans-
pired in executive session so as to be outof order
in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply state that there
is important business still pending and unacted
upon, the action on which is defeated by the will
of one Senator; and, for one, while I am willing
to defer to that Senator in some matters, I am
not willing as a member of the Senate (when a
majority are in favor of disposing of the partic-
ular business) to yield to the will of one mem-
ber. It is a question whether the Senate shall
yield to the arbitrary will of a member of the
body and prevent action on business which we
are informed is important, which we know to be
important. I for one will not consent to it. I
shall, therefore, vote against the motion to ad-
journ sine die until we dispose of the business
that is before us.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I cannot admit that
the promotion of a single officer one grade is of
sufficient importance to detain this body after the
President has notified us that he has no further
communication to make. It is a mere question of
the promotion of a single officer, having no refer*
ence to the discharge of the duties of the office.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The question reaches further
than that. It is as to the efficiency and organiza-
tion of an important department of this Govern-
ment. Senators will bring to mind the urgent
manner in which I urged the organization of a
department. It was refused. The Government
of the United States now ask that that depart-
ment, although not organized, may at least have
a head, so that business will not be embarrassed
during the interim; and one Senator says no.
Now, as then,all that I ask is to conie to a vote.
All that the head of that department asks is a vote.
He does not wish to stand in any doubtful po-
sition. Confirm him or reject him; give to the
department an efficient head or give it none at ail.
None is better than one that is in doubt. I shall
vote to keep the Senate in continual session if my
vote can do it, indefinitely, until that ques:ion is
decided. 1 believe it to be an important consid-
eration, a matter that the Senate should not ad
journ upon until it is decided.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The question is
whether the Senate is ready to adjourn sine die.
The President says he has no further communi-
cation to make. There is only one nomination
undisposed of,and one objection carries that over
until the next meeting. The Senate has already
been shown that at the next meeting, instead of
having one nomination pending, we shall have
more than two hundred pending. Now, what is
the effect of adjourning without confirming this
nomination? He is now a colonel in the pay
department and acting Paymaster General. If
confirmed, he is simply a brigadier general. He
has been acting for six months, detailed for that
service.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I shall have to call
the Senator from Indiana to order as I did the
Senator from Ohio. I am clear that they have
both encroached on the rules of order, certainly
in divulging matters of executive business.
Mr. CONNESS. It will not be known if the.
Senator will not call public attention to it.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I surely did not m-
tend to transgress any rule, but tried to show why
we are more ready to adjourn now than we shall
be on Monday. We have one nomination undis-
posed of. I have a right to say that, without say-
ing what has been done in executive session-
only one. NextMonday weshall have two hun-
dred, and the only effect of delay is to increase
your business indefinitely and not be ready to ad-
journ at all; and the only effect of not acting on
this nomination.now is that he will go on as a
colonel until the meeting of next Congress, in-
stead of a brigadier general. i might say that I
am in favor of his confirmation and ready to vote
for it at any time, and would like to vote for i&
to-night.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and nay®.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WADE. I was out when this controversy
was got up. It seems now that it refers to a
single nomination, and by our rules of course one
Senator can, if he will, defeat the will of the whole
body; but I hope no Senator will take it upon
himself to do that. Why not let us act, unless
some additional light is to be thrown on the sub-
ject to be disposed of? I should not be willing
myself to interpose my single objection, availing
myself of a rule of this kind, unless there were
very Strong reasons to the contrary. I hope no
Senator will do it. Let the majority decide the
question and be done with.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. I suggest that I think this
discussion is appropriate to executive session and
not to open session. We are in open session now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 wish to say a single
word. I have been opposed to the course now
proposed, but I shall, on reflection, vote to ad-
journ witiiout day, and 1 shall do it forthe simple
reason that I am influenced by the remarks made
by the honorable Senator from Indiana, of the
correctness of which 1 have hq doubt. He says
that if we stay here till Monday it may occasion
very serious embarrassments in regard to a good
many offices which may fall vacant before th&A
day. Nominations to fill those vacancies may be
sent in to us and produce the necessity of our
staying over another day. I know of one case,
an exceedingly important case, where the term
of the officer expires on Monday; and if we should
be in session at all on that day we should proba-
bly have to receive a nomination for that place >
or the office could not be filled according to the
strict letter of the law. The same may take place
on Tuesday and Wednesday. Nominations will
be coming in every day in large numbers unques-
tionably. I have hitherto been against adjourn-
ing without day in the hope, the strong hope,
that when a majority, and a very large majority,
of the Senate had signified their wish and desire
that we should close the business to-day, and also
act upon a particular ease which has been alluded
to, and which w* may just as well act on to-day
as on Monday, there might be no further objec-
tion. 1 have seen, however, that that hope cannot
be realized, that whatever may be the conse-
quences, and whatever may be the inconveniences
to all the members of the Senate who desire to
finish the business to-day, no change can be pro-
duced whatever in regard to that particularcase.
Having given up that hope, I do not think it safe
to go over till Monday and risk the consequences
that may follow. I shall, therefore, vote for this
motion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 26, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Chandler, Conness,
Cowan, Creswell, Davis, Doohttlc, Fessenden, Grimes,
Guthrie, Hailan, Howard, Lane of Indum.i, Lane of Kan-
sas, Moigan, Morrill, Nve, lliddlf, Stpwai t, Sumter, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, VViiley, Wilson, and Yates—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Uollnmcr, Craain, Dixon, Foot, Foster,
Harus, Hendeiijon, Johnson, Norton, Hamsey, Sherman,
Sprngue, Wade, and Williarns-r-14.
ABSENT—Mesais. Anthony, Clark, Hendricks, Ilowe,
McDougail, NeM ith, Poiueroy,Saulsbury,and Wright—9.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is agreed to, and I pronounce the Senate of the
United States adjourned without day.
