1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
675-
copies at the price they were heretofore paid,and
we must either give them an mcie/ised piice or
else we must print them somewhere cUe.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would like to inquire
further what arrangements, if any, have been
made for side notes and indexes to these laws.
The Senator from Ohio Js aware that in the edi-
tion published by Little & Brown they have side
notes and indexes, and references- frequently to
other statutes. Some arrangemeritought certainly
to be made, if it has not been already made, to
continue these notes. They were very useful in
the examination of the statutes, which have now
become so voluminous.
Mr. SHERMAN. That matter has been looked
into also. The present marginal notes and in-
dexes were prepared by a clerk of the.State De-
partment for Little & Brown, and Little & Brown
paid that clerk, I believe, some compensation for
that work.
Mr. SUMNER. Four hundred dollars.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the marginal notes and
indexes for the edition published at the Govern-
ment Priming Office are also, prepared at the State
Department, and,in theoplnionof the Committee
on Printing and in my opinion, they are better than
those prepared by Little & Brown; so that every
year we prepare marginal notes for the copy
printed at the Government Printing Office, and a
better index than is furnished by Little & Brown.
Both indexes, however, are prepared at the State
Department, if the index prepared by Little &
Brown is considered better than that prepared by
Congiess,all we have got to do is to set the clerk
in the State Department who prepared that index
to prepaie the index for a congi essional edition.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to know from
the chairman of the Committee on Finance what
additional price Little & Brown are willing to
continue the work for. Having frequent occasion
to use the book, it appears to me that the work,
from the time they have undertaken it up to the
present time, has been most admirably performed.
The paper itselfis of the very best kind; the print
is remarkably good; and the marginal notes, by
whoever prepared, are all, I tlunk, that is neces-
sary to infoim the redder of the contents of each
teccuon. It is very desirable, if there is to be a
change, that the form of publication should be
precisely the same with that which has been here-
tofore printed, I understood the honorable mem-
ber to say that the committee were of opinion
they could get the work done cheaper at the Pub-
lic Piloting Office than by increasing the price
winch Little & Brown heretofore received. I
should like to know how much additional price
they do risk.
Mt. SHERMAN. I have now the letter of
Little & Brown before me. It seems that the old
price was thirty-seven and a half cents per copy,
and Congress took eleven thousand copies. The
average size then was about one hundred pages.
They say the size has increased to four or five
times the old size, and the price of paper, mate-
rials, &c., has increased two and a half times.
They do not state how much they would furnish
them for. They say it is impossible to furnish
ihern at the picsent prices, and probably they
would ask six orseven timeyas much as we now
pay. •
Mr. JOHNSON. The expense of printing
them in the Public Printing Office would also be
increased. You will have to J^uy paper, and em-
ploy hands, and the price of paper and labor and
everything else has increased in proportion.
Mi. SHERMAN. But in the Public Printing
Office we already set up the type to print these
identical laws; we already have them indexed and
notes piepared for them by the Public printer;
and the only additional expense is the paper and
the additional impression.
Mr. ANTHONY. Thorp is no reason why an
edition of the laws uniform with that published
by Little & Brown may not be published at the
Public Pi lining Office, in precisely the same style,
and with considerable economy to the Govern-
ment. The work is edited here now; the proof
is read here; and that would be better and more
conveniently done if it weie printed here than if
it were printed in Boston. I was not disposed to
interfere with this contract so long as it existed
and was to be carried on by both parties at the
old rates; but I have no doubt a considerable
saving will be produced by the proposition of the
Finance Committee. We print one edition of
the laws for distribution as a congressional docu-
ment; and that can be printed in the same style
as the present edition, to be bound uniform with
the Revised Statutes, and the type-setting of one
edition will he saved. 1 believe that the edition
printed by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives at the last session was found by gentlemen
of the profession, m its index and marginal refer-
ences, to be at least equal to the Boston one, and
I think it, was superior.
Mr.-JOHNSON. I do not know what edition
the chairman of the Committee on Printing refers
to.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator has it in his
hand.
Mr. JOHNSON. This has no marginal notes,
and is inferior in every respect to the edition of
Little & Brown.
Mr. ANTHONY. It has marginal references,
has it not?
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not see any. It has an
index. The index is very good, but the paper is
very infenor.
Mr.ANTHONY. I hold in my hand the A.cts
and Resolutions of the second session oftheThirty-
Seventh Congress, and that lias marginal refer-
ences.
Mr. JOHNSON.' The book I have here is the
laws for the last session, and this has none. Is
it the purpose, if the work is to be printed at the
Public Printing Office, to print it in the same form
as Little & Brown have heretofore done?
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly. There are no
marginal notes to the last edition of the laws, hut
there will be no difficulty in pi eparing thorn. The
man who prepares them for Little &, Brown is a
eieik in the Stale Department, and he can prepare
them for the Public Printer.
Mr. SUMNER. This is perhaps a more im~
poitant matter than some which on their face
may seem to be more important. It certainly is
not unimportant how the statutes of the country
shall be punted. They ought to be printed, in the
first place, uniformly with the previous statutes;
and I wish to call the attention of my friend, the
chairman of the Committee on Printing, to that
point, that in unv arrangements that may be made
for the printmgof the statutes hereafter, refeience
should be had to the existing statutes, so that the
seiies shall ijoon with a certain uniformity.
Mr. ANTHONY. Undoubtedly.
Mt. SUMNER. Without that uniformity the
statutes will have a bad appearance, and they may
be inconvenient in use. i n the next place, we must
consultaccuracy. Theie mu^tbe veiy considera-
ble caie in the superintendence of the publication.
Then they must also be edited. That, as 1 un-
derstand, was secured thiough the contract with
Little & Brown. They always, from the begin-
ning, kept a competent person, latterly a gen-
tleman who had been on the bench and who had
retired, to superintend the publication, and who
performed what may be called the editorial labor.
He made those side notes, and also the index. I
do not understand that the index was made,as the
Senator fiom Ohio, m rather an off-hand way said,
by some clerk. It was made by an eminent mem-
ber of the bar. 11 is a sei vice that cannot be per-
formed by an ordinary person. It must be per-
formed by a man who has a certain familiarity
witli the statutes of the country, and with the lan-
guage of legislation. Only such a person can make
a ptoperindex.
I do not know that this subject properly comes
up for consideration now, but I make these re-
marks in order to bring the attention of the Sen-
ate to the question. I do not wish that we should
take a leap m the dark; that we should pass from
the very good system which we now have of pub-
lication by competent publishers, like Little &
; Brown, to something that is vague and unknown.
I The publications of the Government, asa general
i ruie,do not compare with those by private pub-
j lishers. You have only, for instance, to go to the
I publications of the statutes before the contiact
1 with Little & Btown in order to see what we
■ gained by handing over the publication of our
i laws to a private firm, rather than undertaking to
• print them ouiselves. Look at any of the old
| volumes, and you will find how crude they are;
| you can hardly use them. But the volumes that
we now have published by Little & Brown are
very convenient. They are illustrated by these
side notes to which reference has been made, and
by good indexes. I hope that in any change that
may be made these conditions will be preserved.
I do riot know what means have been taken in
order to secure them; and I should like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Printing whether
any means have been taken in order to secure the
continuance of the conditions under which the
statute^ have been heretofore edited and printed.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 understand that the edit-
ing and printing of the statutes is done under the
direction of the State Department. I thought it
was done by some employs of the State Depart-
ment; but I am notsure of that. It is to be done
to the satisfaction of the State Department, and
it must be so done under the system that is now
proposed. I do not see any reason why it can-
not be done at the* Public Printing Office as well
as m Boston. The comparison which the Senator
from Massachusetts suggests between the statutes
as printed by Little & Brown and the statutes as 
printed before they took the contract would be a
very unfair one indeed; because the statutes, be-
fore they took the contiact, were printed by pri-
vate contractors, whose only object was to make
all the money they could out of the Government,
and they were printed on the poorest paper and
in the most slovenly manner. But since the public
printing iias been done by the Government itself,
it has not only effected a great saving, bu,t the
printing has been done in a handsome manner.
For instance, look at the Rules of the Senate
which each Senator has on his tabic. It is a book
fit to be placed in any gentleman's library, and
does not cost more than two thirds as much  a
it used to cost under the old system. Little &
Brown have performed their contract, I think, to
the entire satisfaction of the Department and of
the country, and no fault whatever is to be found
with them. But when the Government Priming
Office was first erected and organized, the inten-
tion was that all the Government printing should
be executed there. The punting of the Supreme
Court requires the greatest care and accuracy of
any printing that is done by the Government;
and it was at one time proposed that that print-
ing Should be done, as it was done before, by cer-
tain private contractors, but the Senate decided
that it should be pi in ted at the Public Printing
Office; and I believe it has been done there to the
entire satisfaction of everybody. The Senator
from Maryland can answer as to that better than
I can.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is very well done.
Mr. ANTHONY. I see no reason why these
laws cannot be published as well by the Govern-
ment Pi inter as by the Boston publishing house.
But at the same time I desire to bear my testi-
mony, with the professional gentlemen of the Sen-
ate, to the accuracy and general elegance with
winch they have printed the laws.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to ask my friend
if there should not then be some legislation oi res-
olution of Congress on the subject directing the
State Department how these volumes shall be
printed.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think there is no such
regulation now. I understand it is merely in the
nature of an appropriation.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator does not meet
my point. Whatassurance have we that the stat-
utes will continue to be published in the same
shape that we have them in now—uniform?
Mr. ANTHONY. That would be so obvi-
ously proper that 1 suppose the Secretary of State
would give such directions, or the Superintendent
of Public Printing would see the piopriety of it
without any directions.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask, would it not be advis-
able to have some definite action on that point
by calling tiie attention of the Senator's commit-
tee to it?
Mr. ANTHONY. I think it very likely.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mi. Pomerot
in the chair.) This amendment having been
agreed to, the reading of the bill will be proceeded
with. #
The next amendment was in line two hundred
and sixty to strikeout the word " which" and
insert the word 54 who."
The amendment was agreed to.
