676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
The next amendment was in line two hundred
and seventy-three to strike out the word " which"
and insert the word 44 who."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hundred
and eighty to strike out the word " which" and
insert the word " who."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines three "hun-
dred and twenty-five, three hundred and twenty-
six,and three hundred and twenty-seven to strike
out the words " and for additional compensation
to clerks in same Department: Provided, That the
temporary clerks herein provided for may," and
to insert the word "to;" in line three hundred
and twenty-eight, after the word et services," to
insert "$25,000;" and also to strike out the fol-
lowing proviso:
vfrui provided further, That the Secretary of the Treas-
ury may award such additional compensation to cleiks as
in his judgment may be deemed just and may he required
by the public service, $250,000; but the said Secretary
shall not have the authority to award any such additional
compensation to such cleiks aftei the 1st day of July, 1866.
So that the clause will read:
For compensation of temporary clerks in the Treasury
Department, to lie classified according to the character of
their services, $<25,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Finance
have reconsidered their proposed amendment on
this item and desire to withdraw it. It is necessary
for me to malce an explanation in regard to it.
This provision of law is somewhat new. It
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to em-
ploy temporary clerks,and togive additional com-
pensation to the clerks now m the officc and to
all the officers of that Department, and places at
his disposal a fund of $250,000 for that purpose.
The Committee on Finance were not disposed to
intrust the Secretary of the Treasury or any other
officer of the Government with this power, not
from fcny want of confidence in the Secretary of
the Treasury, hut simply because the principle
was a bad one. f The compensation of these offi-
cers ought to be fixed by law and ought not to be
changed. But we are met with this difficulty:
Rome-of the officers in the nature of experts m the
Treasury Department cannot be retained in their
present positions unless there is some mode of
increasing their compensation. These officers
are now very much needed by the banks that
have organized throughout the United States and
in other cmpioymentsof a peculiar character, and
it is impossible for the Secretary to retain these
person in his employment unless he can give them
additional compensation. The Committee on
Finance thought it better not to embark in the
general system of an increase of salaries; and on
ihe whole we deemed it better to adopt the provis-
ion made by the House of Representatives, and
place at his disposal a fund out of winch he might
increase certain salaries as the exigencies of the
public service required. Tins provision confines
the increase to one year, to the next fiscal year.
In the last appropuation biil, we appropriated, I
believe, £300,000 for the payment of temporary
clerks m the Treasury Department. Many of
those cleiks are now made permanent by this
bill. This appropriation will enable the Secre-
tary to employ temporary cleiks,and also in cer-
tain cnse.i to increase their salaries. We have to
leave the distribution of this money to his dis-
cretion. I hope, therefore?, the amendment of the
Committee on Finance will not be concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment reported from the Commit-
tee on Finance.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to insert after line
five hundred and fifteen the following:
For defraying the expenses of the Supieme Couit and
district courts of din United Suik-i, including the District
rf Columbia, and also mr juiom and \vltnesseh, in aid of
,uiui * uttMiig nouj flues, penalties, and forfeituM^, in the
lineal \e.ti ending Juim <*0, ami pievnuis vt\u«7 and
iik< whc l-ir dtMrnyituj ihe expose.-; of :-uits m which the
United riutes aie concerned, and of ptoseetuions for of-
iwiM-sJ comm.rted agamt the United titates, and for the
5-a.e keeping  u [iiihoin.-rsj .^500,0U0.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state that probably
by an ovoisjght the House of Representatives
have neglected to make the ordinary apptoprm-
t/on for iljojudiomry fund, unless they designed
to put it on some other bill, and the Committee
on Finance have inserted it here in its proper
place.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the reading of the bill
down to the following clause:
For compensation of the clerks in the office of Military
Justice, $7,200.
Mr. JOHNSON. I will inquire of the chair-
man of the committee, what is " the office of Mil-
itary Justice ?"
Mr. SHERMAN. Judge Holt is the head of
that office.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is that the title of it?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; it is called the Bureau
of Military Justice, and was organized at the last
session of Congress.
The next amendment was in the appropriations
for the Mint at Philadelphia, in line seven hun-
dred and thirty-eight, to insert the words " ores
and" before the word " coins;" so that the clause
will read:
For specimens of ores and coins to be preserved in the
cabinet of the Mint, $300.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary continued the readingofthe bill
to'the eight hundred and ninety-seventh line.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 did not notice that the Sec-
retary had progressed so far. I am instructed by
the Committee on the Judiciary to propose an
amendment at the end of the eight hundred and
eighty-fourth line.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senator will
allow the usual course to be taken; let the amend-
ments of the Committee on Finance be disposed
of first.
Mr. JOHNSON. I did notknow you had any
others.
Mr. SHERMAN. "VYe have several yet.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well.'
The next amendment was after line eight hun-
dred and ninety-seven to strike out the following
clause:
Forsalaries of additional clerks in the office of the Assist-
ant Ti'-a-uier at Jiosion, whieh aie heteby authorized,
$ 11,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line nine hundred
and.two, after the word " treasurer" to strike out
the words " of the Mint," no tlwt the clause will
read:
Foi salaiie^ of clerks, messenger*, and watchmen, in
office of the Assistant Treasurer at Philadelphia, $18,300.
The amendment was agreed to.
The ncxtamendment was in line nine hundred
and forty-nine, to strike out the proviso to the
following appropriation:
For necessity expenses in carrying into effect the sev-
eral acts of Congress authouzing loans and the is&ue of
Tiea^uiy notes, 000,000.
The proviso is as follows:
Proiulcd, That no fiuthei expendituic? shall be made
for the expeiimeuui system of liydu^t.itic printing by the
Tiea^uiv J)epaitment nnhl such experiments shall "have
been definitely authorized byktw, and a distinct appropri-
ation made thereior.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senate will allow
this amendment to be passed over informally for
the present, as I have another proviso to offer as
a substitute, and let the whole matter be acted
upon together.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be passed over if there be no objection.
The next amendment of the committee was in
line one thousand and eleven, after the word
4< clerks," to strike out the words "be and the
same;" at the end of line one thousand and six-
teen, to strike out the word the;" in line one
thousand and seventeen, after the word " propor-
tion," to strike out the word " equal;" in line one
thousand and nineteen, after the word " Wash-
ington," to strike out the words "and George-
town-," and in line one thousand and twenty, after
the word "county," to strike out the words 44 be
and they;" so that the clause will read:
For salaries and other necessary expenses of the Metro-
politan Police fnrthe Di-tuct ot Columbia, .$110,000. Arid
tile cotnpensmon of fuul Metropolitan Police foice, offi-
cer s, and ch'iU*, is hereby indented fifty percent, upon
the amount hereby appiopiiuted, commencing on the 1st
day of July, I860, said mciea^e to be home by"the cities ot
Washington and Gcoigetown and the county of Wash-
ington, m the District of Columbia, in proportion to the
number ot pattolmen r.lloned severally to the city of
Wa-hin<rton, to the city of Gcoigetown, and the county j
of Washington, and tha levy couit of said county are '>
hereby authorized and empowered to levy a special tax
not exceeding one quarter of one per cent, for the purpose
aforesaid.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am not sure, and I sup-
pose we ought to ascertain, whether this county
is not named the "county of Washington and
Georgetown."
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no; it is the " county of
Washington.'/ It is right as the committee pro-
pose to amend it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Finance have
now been gone through with.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have several other amend-
ments to offer from the Committee on Finance.
On page 8*, line one hundred and eighty-three, I
move to strike out " fifty" and insert " ninety;"
so that the clause will read:
For lithographing and engraving for the Senate and House
of Itepiesentauves, §90,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to insert at the end
of the eight hundred and eighty-fourth line, on the
37th page, this provision, which the Committee
on the Judiciary have determined ought to be
inserted:
For the repair of the building at St. Ausustine, Florida,
heretofore used lor holding the couits of the United States
lor the northern distiict of Florida, §3,000, or so much there-
of as may be necessaiy for that purpose.
I send to the Chair the papers which were be-
fore the committee. They show that the build-
ing now is m no condition at all to be'occupted
by the court. The committee were unanimous in
thinking the appropriation ought to be made.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is St. Augustine in our
undisputed possession now? I am very much
afraid that if we spend this money the guerrillas
may interfere with the building after we put itirc
order.
Mr. TEN EYCK. It seems that the court-
house for the repairs of which this amendment is
proposed has been very much dilapidated and in-
jured by being occupied by United States troops.
It has been occupied by the troops of the United
States, and in consequence of their occupancy
these repairs have become necessary. This re-
mark applies to the building itself, but does not
apply to a wall which it is proposed to repair.
But 1 have received no information that the build-
ing is not now occupied by United Statds troops,
or that if it shall be repaired by the Government
it will not be again occupied by United States
troops and injured in the same way by their occu-
pancy. So far as I am concerned, I think an ap-
propiiation at the present time for this purpose is
premature. 1 am opposed to the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. The amendment is the rec-
ommendation of the Committee on the Judicia'ry.
The papeis which I have sent to the Chair were
communicated to the committee by the Interior
Department, and they show that the house is now
needed for the use of the court, and that it cannot
be used unless repairs are made to it, and the re-
pairs cun be made within the limit of the appro-
priation. We have a court there now; we have
recently appointed a district attorney, and if the
court is to be used at all, it ought to have a build-
ing to meet in.
The amendment was agreed to. *
Mr. SHERMAN. I have a few more amend-
ments to offer fiom the Committee on Finance.
On page 18, line four hundred and thirty-three, I
move to strike out " three thousand" and insert
"twelve thousand five hundred," so as to make
the clause read:
For repairs of the Patent Ofliee building, $1*2,500.
We have the statement of the Secretary of the
Interior showing that the appropriation contained
in the bill is totally inadequate, and on the show-
ing made we could not refuse to increase the ap-
propriation. I can have the letter read if any
Senator desires.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. In line nine hundred and
twenty-four, on page 38, after the word "of,"
where it first occurs, I move to insert the words
" officeis and;" in line nine hundred and twenty-
six, after the word "Treasury," to insert "and
the tenth section of act of March 3,1853, making
appropriations for the civil and diplomatic ex-
penses of the Government for the year ending
