678
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
the Senator from Indiana, or with anybody else
in regard to the merits of the claim of Mr. Stew-
art Gwynne. There may be a legitimate and hon-
est debt due to him from the Government of the
United States. The only question before the
Senate is whether or not the attempt to provide
for the payment of the claim by the amendment
proposed by the chairman of the Committee on-
Finance is not a violation of the rules of the
Senate.
Mr. CLARK* That question has been de-
cided.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not understand that it
has been decided; but if it has been, I appeal
from the decision of the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair in-
quired of the Senator from Ohio if this amend-
ment was to carry out any existing law, and if so,
the Chair said he would decide it to be in order.
But as the amendment makes no appropriation
the Chair decided that the question could not be
raieed.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Chair permit me to
read the 30th rule of the Senate ?
<{30. No amendment pioposm?additional appropilntions
shall be received to any geneial appiopi union bill, unless
it be made to carry out the piovisionsot .some exiting law,
or somr act or resolution previously pa^ed by the Senate
during that ses«,ion, or moved by dncetion of a standing or
select committee of the Senate, or iu pui^uanceot an esti-
mate fiom the head of some of ilie Departments."
If the rulestopped there, I admit that my point
of order would not apply to this amendment, but
it goes on to say:
"And no amendment shall be tcceivrd whoso object is
to pi ovule Ibi a private claim, unless it be to cairy out the
provisions of an existing law or a ucaty stipulation."
What does this do? This proposition directs
that the Secretary of the Treasury shall investi-
gate the claim of Stewart Gwynne and " awmd"
to him. What is meant by thnt? As my friend
from Vermont [Mr. Collamer] well says to me,
it means to pay. It means nothing else. How
are you going to got rid of thus last clause of your
rule, " no amendment," no matter wheie itcomes
from, no pmatter what committee may propose it,
44 no amendment shall he received whose object
is to provide for a private claim, unless it be to
carry out the provisions of an existing law or a
treaty stipulation?" la theie an existing law here
that is proposed to be carried out? Is there any
treaty stipulation here? Does not the argument
of the Senator from Maryland admit that this is
ii private claim ? Has he not told us how this
private claim originated? Has he not told us
that peisons have chums through Mr. Stewart
Gwynne, men of whom he purchased these ma-
terials, thinking that they were selling them really
to the Government when in fact they were sell-
ing to Stewart Gwynne to the amount of $34,000?
So far as this particular e$se is concerned,! have
no interest in it, but 1 want the rules of the Sen-
ate observed.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member from
Iowa lias misunderstood me. (1 have notsaid that
■whatever chum Stewart Gwynne may have is,
in the sense of that rule, a private claim, hy any
moans. All that I said was that he had gone into
the country and hud contacted for tins material,
and it was furnished by the persons who made
the contracts with him, as they supposed, to the
Government. How was he authorized to go
abroad and buy that machinery and l>rin£ it m
and put it in the Tieasury Department? Was it
done without any law* i presume there was a
kw that authoi ized n.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator point us to
the law ?
^ Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know all the laws.
I suppose there was some general law. I take
it for granted theie was some law that author-
ized it. 1 understand the chairman of the com-
mittee to say that the Secretaty had authority to do
what was done, and the only question is whether
he did it; and i understand him also as saying
that the present Secietary thinks he is authouzed
to pay the claim.
Mr. GRIM ES. Then why does he not do it?
Mr. JOHNSON. He is unwilling to take the !
responsibility of doing so because the subject it- j
selt lias been a matter of investigation at the in- j
stance of the House of Representatives; but as ;
far as the law is concerned, if I am correctly in-J
formed, he believes that he was properly employed j
by the Secretary of the Treasury, and having been j
properly employed, there is an obligation to pay
him. What i referred totwas the great practical
hardship, the great injustice, even if there was
any doubt upon the subject, of pcimitting this man
to hold himself out as an officer of the Govern-
ment, apparently an officer of the Government,
acting under the actual authority of the Secretary
of the Treasury, contracting all these debts for
the Government, and then not paying those who
dealt with him on the credit of the Government.
1 do not know what the amount is.
Mr. GRIMES. It may be all true, and from
what I have heard from others as well as from the
Senator from Maryland, I have no doubt it is
a fact that great hardship has been suffered by
various persons who have had transactions with
Stewai t Gwynne. Iam not going to controvert
the fact that Mr. Stewart Gwynne has'an honest,
substantial claim against the Government. That
is not the question now in issue before us. I
admit that he has for the purpose of this argu-
ment. But what has that to do with the question
whether or not this amendment comes within the
rule? If he has an honest claim it is excluded
from this bill by the rule; if he has an honest
claim it cannot be put in this way.
The Senator from Ohio says that the Secretary
of the Ti casury can pay it now. Undoubtedly he
can, under the provision appropriating $2,000,000
for necessary expenses in carrying into effect the
several acts of Congress authorizing loans and
the issue of Treasury notes. We have made a
similar provision in a previous appropriation bill.
Under that provision the Secietary of the Treas-
ury, if he believed these hydrostatic presses were
necessary in order to cany into effect the law of
Congress authorizing him to do this printing,
might pay for them. Why does he not pay
the claim? Why are we asked to come in here
and interpose in" behalf of this particular man
when equal hardships have been inflicted in thou-
sands of other cases upon honest creditors of the
Government? la Stewart Gwynne the only man
who has an honest claim against this Government
unpaid ?
Mr, CLARK. That is not the point.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 should like to know what
the point is. 1 should like to see where the point
is thnt makes this an exception to the rule.
Mr. CLARK. I will state, if the Senator will
allow me, what is the state of the case. Under
the provision of the law, without the amendment
the Secretary undoubtedly has power to pay for
this printing to Stewart Gwynne, but as this has
been a disputed claim he wants it to go before
the proper accounting officers of the Treasury,
so that it shall go upon the record that the claim
is a just one, and that it is adjudicated by the
accounting officers before he pays it. That is all
he requires. He desires that Congiess shall direct
it to in; dune. Jt is not to make any provision
for paying a claim that would not otherwise be
paid, but simply to specify how this claim shall
be examined.
Mr. GRIMES. Does he desire that it shall
go oil an appropriation bill?
Mr. CLARK. No, but it is in the appropria-
tion bill before; the amendment does not put it
there,
Mr. SHERMAN. I am disposed to give a
good deal of attention to the point made by the
Senator fami Iowa, because I desire to enforce
the rule strictly myself, and therefore, if there is
any strength in the objection made by him, I de-
sire to give it full effect; but 1 have modified the
amendment so that I think he will admit that it
does not come within the rule, and 1 should like
to have him examine it in-the modified form with
that view.
The lule simply forbids an amendment to be
offeied providing tor a piivate claim in a general
appropriation bill. That is a very wise rule,
which ought not to be departed from. In this
case there is a general appropnation for certain
purposes, for carrying on this printing bureau.
There is no doubt about the power of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to take a portion of this
money ami pay for punting by the hydrostatic
process, or any other means. Consequently, so
far as the amendment I offer is concerned, itis not
for the benefit of Mr. Gwynne. It is not offered
for Ins benefit. It is really for he benefit of the
Secretary m this respect. Here is a claim that
is controverted and disputed, about which a great
deal has been said in the other House. If ho
passes upon it, and pays it in the usual way, he
pays it out of a special fund on his own exami-
nation. The purpose of the amendment is sim-
ply to require this claim of Stewart Gwynne to
undergo a supervision and an inspection, and an
examination that it would not undergo were it
not for this amendment. That is the only ef-
fect and the only purpose of it. I will now read
it as I have modified it:
Provided, That the proper accounting officers of tha
Treasury he, and they aiehereby,authorized arid directed
to examine and adjust the accounts of Stewart Gwynne
for printing presses, machinery, material, and labor fur-
nished and supplied to the Treasury Department, and for
expenditures under the authority ot the Secietary, and to
repoit to him t,uch bum as may be equitably due said
Gwynne.
I have stricken out all about making an award,
and then I provide further that no payment shall
be made until Stewart Gwynne shall file in the
office of the Secretary of the Treasury a jelease
for all patents and of all claims growing out of im-
provements in the Treasury Department. That
is to avoid the objection which has been made
that these improvements have been made in the
Treasury Departments out of money furnished by
the Government, and that the Government ought
not to pay for any inventions made by its officers
in experimenting for the benefit of the Govern-
ment. That is nghtenough,and this amendment
is intended to protect the Government against any
claim by Stewart Gwynne or his associates for any
patent right, That*ls the purpose of the amend-
ment. It does not seem to me to be subject to the
objection; but if it is, I do not want it to go on
the bill.
Mr. CLARK. I would suggest to the Senator
from Ohio to divide his amendment. The one
proviso has no connection with the other really,
and the question of striking out and inserting 18
under our rules indivisible.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 will submit it, then, as a
separate amendment. The motion to strike out
the House proviso is one thing, and the motion
to insert is another.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Iowa withdraw his point of order?
Mr. GRIMES. Are these to be offered as sep-
arate amendments*
Mr. CLARK. Yes.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I withdraw the point of
order.
Mr. COLLAMER. I take it that the question
now is on striking out the proviso as itis in the
tlouse bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is the
question.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to hear something
about this matter from the committee who are
said to have examined it. I understand that the
proviso which it is now moved to strike out is to
stop this experimenting with that hydrostatic
press business; I have a general information
that there has been expended on that expei iment
something over a third of a million of dollars, be-
tween three and four hundred thousand dollars
already, and if any work is produced from it of
any^value, it is more than we are infoimed. I do
not understand that this proviso prohibits the use
of these presses. It is that no further expenditure
shall be made with the expetimental system of
hydrostatic printing.
Mr. CLARK. What they calKhe experiment
is the use of the presses.
Mr. COLLAMER. The proviso is that the
Depaifment shall make no more expenditures on
ihe system. If they can use it as it is, there is
nothing here to prohibit that. Noone,smcly, will
deny that. If the Secretary can use the piess-es
he has now, he may use them. The men who
have examined the subject have slated to the com-
munity, and 1 believe u is generally undeistood,
that the experiments have gone far enough; the
amount expended is extravagant, and we do not
want any more experiments about it. If what
they have is of any use, let them go on and use
it. I hope the sub-committee who have examined
into the subject will inform us in regard to it.
Mr. CLARK. I was one of the subcommit-
tee who went to make an examination of this
method of printing. I did not 2;o so far m the
examination as 1 should like to have done before
tins debate occurred, nor so for as I intend to go
before I get through with the matter; but I went
