1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
6?9
so far, and I think the sub-committee went so far
as to satisfy them entirely, and to satisfy the Com-
mittee on Finance that it was unwise t%make this
limitation, and to prevent any further experiment-
ing on this system. Jt is well known that there
has grown up a division in the Treasury De-
partment, and in the country, in regard to print-
ing paper for the?Government It is printed now
in the Treasury Department by two methods. It
is printed by the hydrostatic method of printing
and by the old method of the hand press. Those
who have been used to the hand press still adhere
to it; and you may go down into the Treasury
Department to-day and find the old spoke-wheel
press, where a man turns it around with his hand
and uses his fo.ot to help him along, which has
been in use forty years in printing bills. When
1* asked the man who stood at that printing press
the other day how it happened that they used that
old press which has been in use for forty years,
when in almost every other branch of machinery
improvements had been made, all he could say to
me was: " I do not know, sir; I have been a
p.rinter thirty years and I have used it all the time;
and I suppose it is because the old fogies like it."
That was the man who stood at the press; but I
do not propose to enter into that diversity of opin-
ion or quarrel. The committee examined the
method of printing by the hydrostatic process,
and came to the conclusion that it was by no
means'wise to prohibit the experiment.
One design of the hydrostatic printing is to pre-
vent the wetting of the paper as you have to do
by the hand press, and drying it, and shrinking
it by the process of wetting and drying. When
the paper is wetted and dned it dries unevenly,
and pulls the plates by shrinking unevenly, and
thus the lines get out of form. It became very
desirable, therefore, that there should be a method
of printing the paper without wotting it. This is
accomplished by the hydrostatic process. The
paper is laid on the plate dry, receives the im-
pression, and comes out precisely as it went into
the press as to form. The advantage gained i«
that particular is m several ways. In the first
place, you avoid the expense of wetting it down;
then you avoid the expense of drying it; and
then you avoid the expense of pressing by power
presses as you always have to do paper which
has been wetted and printed. But. there is an-
other great advantage m that regard, that when
the paper has been printed it comes out in sheets.
Take a sheet on which you have printed the frac-
tional currency,upon which there may be sixteen
oreighteen dillcrentbills. The old method, when
it was printed by hand, was to take your shears
arid trim that all around, and then cut them all
apart, because you were obliged to follow the
lines as they had altered in shrinking. You can
take now a sheet, printed by the hydrostatic
method, put it into a machine; it goes through
almost immediately,and comes out ail cut up and
laid into a little hopper by itself; and the machine
is so perfect that, when you have run through a
certain amount of sheets of a given denomination,
say ten dollars of currency, when ten dollars of
that currency is laid in the hopper, the machine
itself i ings a bell and notifies you that you have
got just ten dollars in that place. So of the bills
for the banks; they are all trimmed in the same
way whenever printed by the hydrostatic method.
The experiment has gone along so far that the
committee would not be warranted, and I do not
think the Secretary of the Treasury would be^
warranted—and he does not desire nor does he'
think itadvisable—to stopthat method of printing,
• but to go on with U to perfection. I am so well
satisfied with it by my examination and from the
acquaintance I have with machinery as to beable
to say that I have full confidence that it is to be
a success.
' I desire the Senate to understand that in making
these remarks I have no allusion to the character
of, or what may have been said about, any em-
ploye in the Treasury Department.
The committee examined further than the mere
machinery and hydrostaticprinting. They exam-
ined the system that is carried on there in icgard
to the safe-keeping of the money, and I think
they would like to examine further on thatpoint;
not because they do not find all the proper secu-
rities so far as they have gone, but to make the
research more extended, more critical, and more
satisfactory that it is safe for the Government. I
can say—and I think I shall be justified in say-
ing it from the committee, and be borne out in it
by the conclusions of the individual members of
the committee—that I have never been in an es-
tablishment where the securities seemed so great
as in that Department.
One of the first requisites was—and this will
bear more upon the other point (I mean the ac-
counts of Dr. Gwynne) than upon this particular
proviso—the production of a paper in the Treas-
ury Department that should be entirely distinct-
ive from any other paper. You can go into the
book-stores here on your streets and buy the
ordinary bank-note paper; you can go down to
Hudson Taylor's and buy bank-note paper; you
can buy the bank-note paper on which some of
your currency has been printed, because there
1ms not been enough produced in the Treasury
Department for the production of all your cur-
rency. It is very desirable to prevent counter-
feiting and to produce a paper that cannot be
photographed. I have in my pocket and will
exhibit to the Senate—they will see nothing par-
ticular about it at any distance—a piece of paper
produced in the Treasury Department, [exhib-
iting one of the denominations of the Pactional
currency of the latest issue.] It has the appear-
ance of being rather coarse, but the bit of paper
which I now hold in my hand has been washed,
has been dipped in a tumbler, thoroughly wetted
and soaked, and then washed with soap, and
rubbed as hard as you would rub an ordinary
piece of cloth, anif yet H cannot be destroyed;
and one peculiarity of this paper is that it can-
not be by any process of wetting returned to
pulpagam. But it has anotheradvantage beyond
this: there is mixed with the pulp that produces
the paper a chemical preparation,a fibrous prep-
aration which you can hardly notice by looking
at it, but which photogiaphs black when an at-
tempt is made to photograph it, so that it con be
detected at once. One great design and desire of
the Department is to prevent the counterfeiting of
your currency.
Mr-. GRIMES. Will the Senator tell me how
much of the currency lias been printed on that
paper?
Mr. CLARK. I cannot from any figures that
I have.
Mr. HENDERSON. Very little of it.
Mr. CLARK. Not a very largo amount.
Mr. GRIMES. Does it exceed $400,000?
Mr. CLARK. I cannot tell.
Mr. JOHNSON. Are they going on to use that
kind of papei ?
Mr. CLARK. They are. It is particularly
desirable for the cuneucy. The committee ex-
amined so far as to see that tho'o experiments
were very valuable to the Government.
Mr. COLLAMRR. That paper lias nothing
to do with the hydrostatic printing.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will remember
that I said this bore moie particularly upon the
Dr. Gwynne part of the case than upon the ques-
tion of striking out the proviso; but this is clearly
connected with the other expeinnents that have
been going on, and tends to show somewhat the
value of the experiments. I think that the ex-
periments now going on in the Tieasiuy Depart-
ment are only a repetition of what has occurred
in the world before, and what will probably occur
many times a.^ain, so often asyou have improve-
ments in machinery that aid in the proccss of
manufacture.
Here are two system*; here is the machinery
for the hydrostatic system of punting, which is
in operation. 1 a&k Senators if it is wise to hmit
the appropriation so that further developments
of this system cannot be made, so that further
experiments cannot be had to ascertain the value
of any improvement that may be made. Is it
wise to shut right down upon the system here
and say we will have no further experiment m
this matter? That is not theopmion of the sub-
committee; that is not the opinion of the Finance
Committee; that is not the opinion of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury ;it is not, I think, the opinion
of anybody who has examined the matter to see
what is the advantage of this system. I know
there are persons who are opposed to it. I know;
there are persons who come to us to give us in-
formation on the subject, but the bias of those
gentlemen could easily be detected on examina-
tion. The committee attempted to satisfy them-
selves, not upon the testimony of individuals, but
of their own eyes as far as they could, and by
their own examination, having spent considerable
time in the Treasury Department.
Mr. GRIMES. As the Senator has given a
great deal of attention to this subject, 1 should
like a little information that he has not given us.
About a year ago we had a large amount of frac-
tional currency, of the denominations that he has
exhibited to the Senate, printed upon a paper that
was in the habit of splitting. I desire to know
whether or not that was printed by the hydro-
static process,and whether that paper was or was
not manufactured by Mr. Gwynne.
Mr. CLARK. I do not understand that they
used the paper manufactured by Dr. Gwynne. ""I
cannot speak, however, on that point with that
certainty that I can in regard to some other things.
I know there was complaint of a paper that did
split. I know that was one of the complaints
made in the reports on this matter.
Mr. GRIMES. There was laid on our desks,
yesterday, a book that purported to be a report
from Mr. Clark, the gentleman who has chaige
of the printing in the Treasury Department. I
do not know how it got here, or how it came to
be published; it has no imprint of any publishing
establishment on its face. It does not bear the
appearance of having been sent here by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, to whom it is addressed,
but 1 take it as the genuine report of this gentle-
man. If I am not mistaken, his report states that
that split paper was the product of one of these ex-
periments of Mr. Gwynne; and the purpose I had
in making the inquiry of the Senator from New
Hampshire was to ascertain if he could tell us
how much that experiment cost the Government.
Mr. CLARK. I have no information on that
subject. I do not know that that was an experi-
ment.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know how
much these various experiments that have been
made with the hydrostatic presses have cost the
Government. Is the committee prepared to.in-
form the Senate ho'w much these various presses
have cost, how many have been broken down,
how much has been expended for repairs?
Mr. SHERMAN. I can tell the Senator pre-
cisely. The contract, which I have here among
these papers, wps $1,100 for each press. Sev-
enty presses were delivered. The amount spent
for repairs was comparatively a small item. All
the particulars of the chum are here. The total
amount-for the presses was $77,009, together
with some expenses for repairs.
Mr. GRIMES. How many ofthem have been
abandoned as incapable of being repaired ? How
many of them are lying in a pile outside of the
Treasury ?
Mr. SHERMAN. . I have no information, ex-
cept from the reports before me. The difficulty
with some ofthem was that the frame-work was
too weak to bear the enormous pressure caused
by the system. That was the resultof a dispute
as to whether wrought iron or cast iron would
resist the greater pressure. Since the change has
been made to tiie present machines they are per-
fectly satisfactory. The only change is in refer-
once to the form. As I am not a machinist, and
do not understand punting or anything about it,
I may be mistaken m Regard to this; but the cost
of repairing has been comparatively very slight.
Mi. CLARK. I desire to make one state-
ment futther in regard to the capacity,of these
presses. By a hand press two persons wHl print
in a day ftom about seven hundred to eight hun-
dred inipr^si-ons. By a hydrostatic press, if a
man could ink fast enough, you could have four
thousand impressions; but ordinarily, the per-
son who inks the plate cannot stand any such
labor, and they get through about two thousand
impressions a day, and those impressions are
paid for by the piece. They pay for impressions
on the hand press a dollar for one hundred im-
pressions. On the hydro&taric press they pay a
dollar for the fiist four hundied, and then sev-
enty cents a hundred for the remainder of aday's
work, bringing the whole cost about seventy-
five cents to the hundred; that is three fourths of
the cost upon a hand press. I was satisfied that
the fact was so as the prices are now. There is
no question that when this method of printing
first came to be attempted, the printing went on
slowly, as is the case with all new kinds of busi-
