§80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
ness; but it has been brought to a very great
Jegree of perfection, and I think if gentlemen
would take the trouble to go and see for them-
selves, especially if they have any idea of me-
chanics and machinery 
Mr. COLLAMER. When the work is done,
how is the impression-? Will it rub off, or is it
good ?
Mr. CLARK. There has been a great deal
of complaint made that the work done by the
hydrostatic press was not so good as that done
by the ordinary press. I am not a printer; but
I took the impressions, and I took a microscope
to examine them, and, in my judgment, the work
done by the hydrostatic press is full as good as
that done by the ordinary power press. The
Senator from Vermont inquires if it rubs off. He
will see that that is not so from the exhibition of
this bill which I have already presented to the
Senate, which has been rubbed, soaked, and
washed in soap and water, and the impression
has not started a particle. I say 1 have not ex-
amined this matter so far as I desire to do, as a
matter of curiosity and knowledge, even.
Mr. COLLAMER. The question is, will it
endure ?
Mr. CLARK. The gentleman can tell by ex-
amination as well as lean. I understand it wears
admirably well.
Mr. GRIMES. How long is it since that kind
of paper has been used?
Mr. CLARK. I cannot tell how much of it
has been used or how long. 1 put it to the test
that 1 have stated. I could not tiy it at* the old
man said he had tried his locust posts. He said
they would last forever, for he had tried them out
and our. But so far as 1 have been able to put
this to the test, it wears admirably well. 1 do
not think it is quite wise for the Senate to stop
these experiments. I think they should go fur-
ther.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I understand the Sena-
tor to admit that this system lias not reached tlmt
v 2giee of peifection w Inch lie expects it will attain.
Mr. CLARK. Certainly I do; and I will ad-
mit it aw to everything else m the world, even as
to mankind. I hope we have not yet got to that
rt:>;ree of perfection which we expect to reach. I
v-'til admit it in regard to the Senator's iron-clnds.
[Laughter.] It is the very reason I want to go
further. I do not want to stop here.
Mr. HOWE. I do not know that anything
more need be said on this point; but I was one
of the sub-committee wh(\were instructed by the
Finance Committee to look into this matter some-
what, and 1 desiic to say in leply to some in-
quincs originated here by the Senator from Iowa,
that we were not instructed to investigate the past
opeiations of the Currency Bureau, or of that
branch of the Tieasury Department. Our inves-
tigations were directed to lite particular mutter re-
ferred to in the proviso now proposed to bo struck
out. The House of i epre:>enuutves had voted
to prohibitany further experiments upon this new
method of printing our currency, and we were in-
fracted to look into the matter, make up our
muuls whether it was advisable to prohibit fui-
ther expeuments or not, and our investigations
were directed therefore to two methods now in
vogue in that bureau of printirg this paper. The
two methods have been desciLed to you by the
Senator from NewHampsFme. So far as my own
examination went^ it was directed mainly with a
view of determining in my own mind which of
ihe two methods was the most economical, and
which was the safest, which furnished the best
security to the Government. Unquestionably
there is great danger of loss, let this vast amount
of paper be printed where it will. I was satisfied
equiily with the Senator from New Hampshire
• wh'i lias just testified upon that point that every
security was thrown about this branch of your
servjee that I could conceive was practicable by
either method of printing.
It will be manifest to the judgment of every one
that the more hands this paper is passed through
the greater is the danger of loss. By printing on
the hydrostatic press, it will pass through at least
the hands of three less sets of hands than wh$n
printed on the old press. If printed on the old
press it has to go, when the impression is plyccd
on one side, first into the wetting room, and a
class of laborers are employed in the wetting
roQip; then the impression is laid upon one side;
then it has to go into the drying room and passed
through under a new set of men; and then it has
to go, after the impression is put upon the ather
side, into the trimming room, as the Senator from
New Hampshire has described to you, and be
trimmed, if printed on the hydrostatic press, it
does not go to the wetting room, it does not go to
the drying room, it does not go to the trimming
room. There are three sets of hands, there are
three classes of laborers who handle the money
printed on one of the presses that do not touch
it when printed on the other. I think that ne-
cessarily furnishes some additional security to the
Government, or if it does not furnish additional
security it saves some of the risk to which the
Governments liable in the printing of this paper.
Now, as to the economy of the two methods, I
cannot testify on that point with so much pos-
itiveness as the Senator from New Hampshire
has done. The result of my examination is that,
so far, it has been proved the hands have printed
more sheets in the day on the old press than on
the hydrostatic press. Nevertheless we stood
there and saw both presses at work, and it is true,
as is-said by the Senator from New Hampshire,
that on the hydrostatic press sheets may be
thrown off just as rapidly as one man can put on
the ink. While that press is at work, one man
has as much as he can do to ink the plates,
whereas on the other press, on the old press, the
same man not only inks the plates but passes them
thiough the press. My own judgment was that
a plate would pass through Chat press in about
the time it would through the new prfss. Some
members of the committee, 1 believe, differed with
me on that. I do not know but that the Senator
from New Hampshire thought it would pass
through the new press in less time than through
the old press. I thought it took about the same
time.
There is another fact, that two hands are em-
ployed upon the old press, and three hands are
employed upon the new piess; and there is but
one experienced workman employed on cither of
the pi esses. To the amount of labor expended 1
in actually printing a thousand sheets on the old !
press must be added the amount of labor expended j
in wetting the sheets, m drying them, and in I
trimming them, so that about the same amount |
of labor probably is actually expended in getting !
at a thousand sheets of currency on one press as
on the other.
My own judgment is that the experiment is not
complete. The Senator from Vermontsays that
a vast amount of money has been expended. It
is true; but though I profess to have no sort of
intimate acquaintance with mechanics of any
kind, it seems to me so manifest that a press which
will keep one hand employed all the timem ink-
ing, must, when made to woik perfectly, print
more economically than a press which rcqunes
the same man who puts on the ink to run the
plates through the press, that in consideration of
the large amount of money we have already ex-
pended ,1 think u is not judicious to prohibit the
Seoietary of the Treasury from making fuither
expei iments in the same direction. Therefore I
acquiesced with my colleagues on the sub-com-
mitt^e and on the Finance Committee in the pro-
priety of striking out this pioviso.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not know that it is
necessary for me to say anything, but I was one
of the committee who visited the Treasury Depart-
ment in order to examine these two modes of
printing; and my impression is that our exami-
nation was hardly sufficient to enable us to pass
an opinion that the Senate can rely upon in ref-
erence to these two modes of printing. The
hydrostatic system of printing has been adopted
there, as I understand, for the purpose of giving
us a bill that cannot be photographed or counter-
feited. How far that has been accomplished by
this system of printing, I am unable to say; i really
cannot tell. I cannot say that the one cannot be
as easily counterfeited as the other. There is
this thing most assuredly about it, that the ma-
chinery necessary for the hydrostatic printing
costs eight, ten, fifteen,or twenty times as much
as the machinery necessary for the other printing.
I differ with my fiiend, the Senator from New
Hampshire, about the rapidity of this printing.
Although I am not. prepared to say that the hy-
drostatic printing ought to be rejected, I cannot
say that it i* as rapid a mode of printing as the
other. I examined the books in the Department.
I ran over the books showing the rapvdity of work
for a greaj^ many days. The hydrostatic or dry
system of printing and the wet system of print-
ing are kept in separate rooms; the books are
kept separately and distinctly. I examined them,
and my understanding is that they average about
eight or nine hundred sheets $er day upon tha
old presses, and about five, six, and seven hun-
dred upon the hydrostatic presses; not exceed-
ing that. I am not prepared to say that I would
condemn them as being less economical on thai
account, because there are other things to bo
taken into consideration which have been alluded
to by the Senator. It takes three persons to run
one of these hydrostatic presses and to produce an
impression, and yet those three persons cannot
produce as many impressions during the day as
the old wet press. I am perfectly satisfied of that.
I have no prejudices against the hydsostatia
printing; I intend to support this amendment; I
am not prepared to say either that further experi-
ments ought not to be made in this thing; but I
am prepared to say that a vast amount of money
has been expended in the Treasury without any
compensating benefits that I can see so far. They
may be there, and something may be produced in
the future that will triumph over many of the
difficulties that I see in that Department now. I
am not prepared to say that when this distinctive
paper—a matter that 1 did not attempt to look into
—shall have been produced in the Treasury De-
partment, a system of printing may not be adopted
upon these hydrostatic presses that will prevent
counterfeiting in all future time. That would
certainly he a very great item to be taken into
consideration in the examination of a question of
this sort.
Mr. COLLAMER. I will ask the Senator
whether, when we have that sort of paper, we
have not the same security in either form of
printing.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is one of the points
that Mr. Claik urged upon us when we weie ex-
amining this subject; but really I am not pre-
pared to say that the distinctive paper may not
be printed upon either press.
Mr. CLARK. Undoubtedly.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 know it can be; but I
was about to remark, I am not prepared to say it
can be printed upon either press and yet avoid
counterfeiting. In the hydrostatic system of
printing the object to be attained is simply this;
•to procure power enough to force the ink into dry
paper. In the other system the paper is made
moist. It does not require much force to put the
ink in the paper in this moist condition. It is
forced into it with much less trouble. I am not
sufficiently acquainted with matters of this sort
to pass any judgment as to the superiority of one
or the other of the systems. The piess that will
turn off nine hundred sheets a day, that is the
old press, or the wet system of printing with the
paper moistened, costs $125; the hydiostatic
press will cost $1,100. It has to be made very
strong, because the water pressure that is thrown
upon the machinery is estimated, I believe, at
forty tons. 1 will ask the Senator from New
Hampshire if that is not so.
Mr. CLARK. Yes, sir. .
Mr. HENDERSON. You can put, of course,
any weight you desire upon it. There is no trouble
about obtaining any amount of force that you
wtsh to apply; it can be easily obtained. But
Vhether this ink can be forced into the dry paper
so as to make it stay theie is a question that I
really did have some doubts about. I know that
Mr. Clark, who is the superintendent of this De-
partment, insists that there is no doubt about it
at all,and I know it is the belief of both the dis-
tinguished gentlemen who have recently been at
the head of the Treasury Department that it is a
success,and therefore lam not prepared, from the
examination! have made, to say that it should
be entirely discarded.
. But, sir, while I am up I desire to say a word
or two in reference to a matter that I do really
have a very great deal to complain of. It seems
that these gentlemen, Mr. Clai k and Air. G wynne,
have been making these experiments in the Treas-
ury Department. "Perhaps the experiments were
all necessary. I do not know what may be ac-
complished by them. Perhaps we may arrive at
a perfection in the system of panting by these
