1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
681
experiments that nobody else would find out, and
if so, the Government would save agrcatdeulof
money. The Senate can judge of that just as
well as I c§in; and they would not be any wiser
after they had gone there and examined it. The
hydrostatic system is the most expensive one in
the machinery; and I do not see, taking everything
into consideration, that there is a great deal of
difference in the handling of the paper after the
impressions are produced, or in the production
of the impressions. As the Senator from New
Hampshire very propeily says, in the wet sys-
tem you have got to dry the paper twice, and then
it hats to be again pressed, in order to straighten
it out, and then you have to trim it; but the Sen-
ator forgpts one thing that he might have men-
tioned; an-d that is, that in the hydrostatic sys-
tem of printing the paper has to be trimmed
also. It is trimmed before it is printed, and not
afterward.
Mr. CLARIC. It is trimmed by machinery.
Mr. HENDERSON. Both of them can be
trimmed by machinery, and both of them were
trimmed by machmeiy. There is no doubt of
that.
I wa« going to remark that there have been
expended in the Treasury at least $300,000 in that
machinery. How far a large portion of it may
have been necessary under any given state of cir-
cumstances Icannotsa^; butonething is certain,
that these parties, after experimenting with the
Government money, have gone and taken out
patents in the Patent Office for four of these ma-
chines, or for four improvements.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will remem-
ber, and it is due to these men to say, that they
have never presented any claim to the United
States for this patent; that they themselves pro-
pose to surrender any snch claim. Indeed, tins
amendment provides that they shall surrender
any such claim. If other parties outside of the
Govcrnmentof the United States desire to use this
machinery, they claim the patent right.
Mr. HENDERSON. Then we take the bene-
fit of it so far as we are concerned; but, as the
Senator from Jowa very properly said, whenever
machinery fails there #and is cast aside, whose
lossisit? The Govcrnmcntloses it. These parties
have gone on and they have tried machine after
machine, and whenever a machine fails the loss
falls upon the Government. I object to the modus
operandi of getting up this machinery and of 'ex-
perimenting. A large sum of money has been
expended in that way. Whether the benefits
already deiived, or hereafter to be derived, are
sufficient to compensate the Government for this
loss, is another question. The Senate can judge
of that just as well as I can. But I wish merely
to state that these patents have been obtained,
and although the amendment 
Mr. GRIMES. Who owns these patents?
Mr. HENDERSON. They do; Stewart
Gwynne and Chirk. Some of them are owned by
them jointly, and others are owned by either the
one or the other. I think one is taken out m
Clark's name, one in Clark & Gwynne's name,
and the other perhaps m Gwynne's name alone.
I know it is said by Senators that if this amend-
ment be adopted the Government will have the*
use of this machinery. I admit that fact; but do
not these parties hold that machinery against all
other parties in the world exceptthe Government
of the United States?
Mr. WILSON. What objection is there to
that?
Mr. HENDERSON. Why, sir, if the Gov-
ernment of the United States would furnish me
$300,000 to experiment upon and give me the ben-
efit of those experiments, I could make any amount
of money out of it; and so could any other me-
chanic. There is not a mechanic m the country
that would not take up such an offer from the
Government. There is no doubt that if you would
furnish any man with $300,000 to make experi-
ments, and let him experiment for four or five
years, and then allow him to patent the machinery
* after it has been perfected and matured, leaving
the Government to lose all the machinery that has
been defective, he certainly could do well out of
it. That is a very serious objection, and Sena-
tors will see it at a glance.
While 1 am upon this subject I desire to make
a remark upon another branch of it, because I do
not wish to trouble the Senate anymore aboutU.
One of the members of the sub-committee, who
examined this printing with me, has remarked
that he saw nothing whatever in the examination
to show otherwise than that there was perfect
security in the production of these sheets. The
Senator remarked, also, that at any paper store
in town the paper might be purchased upon which
this money is printed.
Mr. CLARK. I said at Philp & Solomon's.
Mr. HENDERSON. Well, at Philp & Solo-
mon 's, or at any other paper store. I think, from
my examination, that one of the greatest advan-
tages to be derived from the experiments that
have been carried on in the Treasury Department
will be in the production of a distinctive paper,
if that distinctive paper can be produced, it will
be worth all the experiments that have been made.
There is no doubt about tjiat. I do not know
whether they will be able to secure it or not. I
care not what the printing may be in the future;
whether it be the dry printing or the moist print-
ing, it is certainly desirable that a distinctive pa-
per should be produced; and I, for one, would be
willing to see money appropriated for the purpose
of producing that paper.
But, Mr. President, I am not so well satisfied*
upon another subject that has been alluded to,
and that'is, the perfect security of the Govern-
ment in the printing of these notes and bonds.
So far as my examination went, 1 saw nothing
in the manner in which this department is being
conducted to-show any design whatever on the
part of Mr. Clark to do otherwise than what was
right; I saw no disposition manifested on his pait
that would indicate that he desired in any manner
whatever to take any advantage of the Govern-
ment; but I supposed the Senators who were
with me in that examination came to this conclu-
sion, that if Mr. Claik so desired, serious loss
could be entailed upon the Government through
his management'there. When the paper upon
which all our bonds and notes are printed is
brought into the Treasury Department, it first
goes into the hands of Mr. Clark. It is true that
recently some sort of a cheek has been devised
in having a paper department; but, as I under-
stand, all this paper first falls into Mr. Clark's
hands, and the paper department never gets the
control of the paper, except through his hands.
It first goes to him, and it is turned over by him
to this paper department, and the paper depart-
ment turns it back again to him upon his order.
1 know the Secretary of the Treasury h'as pro-
vided that a mark be put upon the paper before
it is delivered to Mr. Clark; but the Senator from
New Hampshire will bear me witness that Mr.
Clark himself said that ho did not regard the mark
upon itas any protection whatever atramst wrong,
and the gentleman who has charge of the paper j
department admitted that there was no sufficient
protection of the Government, and that he was
attempting to perfect the system so as to have a
complete check upon it. The very mark that, is
put upon the paper in this paper department is
taken otf the paper before it is printed, or at the
time it is piirited,and it is cut ofif before the notes
go out; so that there is no mark left upon it at
all.
I must say, from my examination into this
matter—although I saw no evidence of a dispo-
sition on the part of anybody to defraud the
Government; although I saw m every department
there an earnest desire apparently, and especially
so on the part of Mr. Clark himself, to give us all
the information we could possibly desireand that
might be necessary to a correct undei standing of
this whole subject—that that department is not
propeily conducted; tlint there ought to ho checks
there that do not exist there; that another system
ou^ht to be adopted.
I examined the books in the different depart-
ments of this business. Most of the books arc
kept by ladies. I suppose they arc not experienced
book-keepers. I doubt whether any examination
has ever been made of the books by the heads of
the different departments; and 1 doubt whether
there is to-day a single book-keeper that knows ,
anything about the other books of the office. I j
have never seen anyrepott here; but 1 doubtox- ;
cccdmgly whether, upon a correct examination of \
those book« from the beginning of this immense j
work of punting the notes and bonds of the Gov- j
ernment in that establishment, they would per-I
fectly compare. t
I had no time to examine into this thing; infacb
it would take many days to do it; and i was not
sent there for that purpose, but for the'other pur-
pose of examining merely, as I understood, into
the two different modes of printing, and whether
it was justifiable on the part of the Secretary to
continue these experiments in printing. 1 turned
my attention mostly to that. The other matters .
came upt incidentally, and 1 mention them inci-
dentally here. I think there ought' to be some
legislation on the part of Congress in reference to'
this subject.
Much has been said in the country against Mr.
Clark. 1 saw nothing prejudicial to him in my
examination; but I desire to state here, and I will
state it while upon the subject, that Mr. Clark
has almost entire dnd perfect control-of all the
vast machinery of printing these notes and bonds
for the Government. He is the soul of the whole
thing. His word is law in the whole department.
Mr. HOWE. Oh, no.
Mr. HENDERSON. In this department of
printing. I appiehend that if Mr. Clark were to
ask that forty or fifty sheets of money be printed
upon either system, or forty or fifty bonds be
printed and turned over to him, there is not an
employe in that department that would object to
it, or that could object to it. I understand from
clerks of that department that such has been the
case; that he has asked these things to be done;
and it is necessary at times that they should be
done. I do not mention the fact for the purpose
of creating any suspicion against Mr. Clark. £
desne to do no such thing. J. understand that
two thousand five hundred millions of money have
been printed upon these presses, and I say that
no one man ought to have entire control of a de-
partment of this character. 1 know there are
checks; but what checks arc there? They are
such checks as Mr. Clark himself has established.
I do not understand that the Secretary of the
Treasui y has ever prescribed a single check over
him. If so, where is it? Where did you find it?
As I understood from Mr. Clark himself, he said
that this paper check was all nonsense; that it
was no check upon him. Ho said, "I can go to
Plulp &■ Solomon's and buy as much paper as I
desire to purchase, and come back here and have
it printed by corrupting three or four different in-
dividuals in this department." He is perfectly
frank on that subject'. I say this vast power
ought not to be intrusted to one, two, three, or
four different individuals; but there ought to be
a system of checks p^bvided, not by Mi. Clark,
but by the Secietary of the Treasury, over this
whole matter. It is a subject of exceeding im-
portance to the nation, in my judgment. I merely
allude to it now, from the little examination I
have made, in order that the Senate may, at the
proper time, take the subject into consideration.
Mr. HENDRICKS obtained the floor.
Mr. CLARIC. I do not desire to protract this
debate, but I cannot permit the statement of the
Senator from Missouri to go out unchallenged.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Indiana was recognized by the Chair.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator wants to
speak now, I have no objection to giving way. I
merely wanted to move that the Senate take a
recess until half past seven o'clock. [" Oh, no."]
This bill, 1 suppose, ought to be finished to-night,
and we cannot do it unless we have an evening
session. ["Oh, no."] I withdrawthe motion; 1
see Senators do not desire it.
Mr. CLARK. I could not but feel,as the Sen-
atoi fiom Missouri was making his remarks, al-
though { have no doubt he intended them to be
fair an-d to convey his impressions rightfully to
the Senate, that he was giving a very wrong im-
pression in some particulars m regard to the
method and manner and the security of printing
this paper money; and I hope the Senate will bear
with me for a fewfuinutes while I give them
somewhat in detail the method in which this paper
money is printed.
It is true that the invoice of the paper which
comcs from abroad is made to Mr, Clark, or it
comes into his possession. Th"n it i(oes from
him to the counting or paper clerk, as he is called.
He mukes an examination of all the paper, and
he stamps every sheet with these words, " Treas-
ury Department;" and he stamps every sheet in
such a-way that if you are printing two bonds
upon one sheet, upon each of these bonds will bs
