684
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
Array with his associates, as one of them, with
this brand* of forgery and embezzlement upon
him, and yet only forfeits his pay and rank.
Mr. QANSON. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman what he cxpects to accomplish, beyond
allowing us to read the papers.
Mr. DAWES. I intend to get this matter
printed, so that we can see what peculiar reason
there was for the War Department attaching such
a.penalty for such a crime. The proceedings of
the court-martial presented to me were accom-
panied by the proceedings of a court-martial upoji
a poor soldier who, being drunk, happened to in-
sult an officer, and he was sent for five years to
the Dry Tortugas; and yet nobody in the War
Department ever thought that too heavy a pen-
alty.upon the poor soldier. But when a horse
inspector, or something of that kind, plunders the
United States by vouchers forged by him, or by
others used by him, and knowing them to be
forged, he is only worthy, in the opinion of the
War Department, of six months' suspension of
pay and rank, at the expiration of which period
he goes back whitewashed into the Army.
Mr. COX. I desire to say to the gentleman
from Massachusetts that, when I made objection
to printing this'document, I did not know that it
related to the ease referred to by the gentleman
the other day. 1 will not object to printing the
document, although the bundle appears to be
large. The case calls for publicity, and the only
way of correcting these enormous outrages is to
expose them to the people. If this case be as is
stated by the gentleman from, Massachusetts, it
ought to be spread before the country broadcast,
in older to correct by public opinion the notion
of the War Department.
Mr. GANSON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that the best way would be to call the
head of the Department upon the floor,and inter-
rogate him as to what has been done.
Mr. COX. I do not want him to be called into
this House. That remark is entirely out of this
case.
Mr. DAWES. When the case is printed I de-
sire to have ir go before the country, that they may
puss judgment upon tlieiemarkuble statu of things
which the record discloses.
The SPEAKER. Perhaps it is just to the De-
partment that the concluding report of the Judge
Advocate Urneral should be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
It in lecommended that the findings and pont^nce be
dwappiovrd.. J. HOLT,
Judge Advocate licneial.
Mr. BROOKS. I suggest that the whole docu-
ment ouifht to be read if any part of it is read.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman demand
the leading 0f it ?
Mr. BROOKS. [Mo not.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has a right
to demand the reading of the entire document on
the motion to punt.
Mr. DAWES. I have the official record here,
signed by 12. D.Townsend, in which the only thing
set aside is the sentence. The verdict of " guilty"
stands recorded torday. I should like to have a
letter which my friend from Pennsylvania bcfoie
me [Mr. Tiiayur] has, from the judge advocate
who conducted the trial, read at the desk, if any
part of the lecord is read. I call the previous
question on !he motion to print.
The pievi^Ms question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. DxYWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the communication was ordered to be
printed-, and also moved to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MKSSAGK FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Forney, its
Secietary, informed the House that the Senate,
in the absence of the Vice President, had elected
Hon. Dajtiul Clark, of New Hampshire, Presi-
dent 2>ru tempore of the Senate.
fc'ALE CH*' MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. JULIAN, i call for the regular order of
busmen.
The SPEAKER.. The regular order of busi-
ness during the morning hour, which now com-
mences, is the call of committees for reports, com-
mencing with the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back bill of the House No. 730,
to provide for the subdivision and sale of the gold
and silver lands of the United States, and others
containing valuable minerals, for the coining of the
products of such lands, and for other purposes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
have the bill read. It is a bill upon a very im-
portant subject, which I have not been able to
examine, and one in which I take a great deal of
interest.
Mr. JULIAN. The bill is not reported for
action now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I'wiU
not insist on the reading.
The SPEAKER. The time consumed by the
reading would not come out of the time of the
gentleman from Indiana, but it would come out
of the morning hour,and the morning hour would
expire befoie the conclusion of the gentleman's
hour.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman from Indiana does not desire to consider
the bill now, of course I will not take up the time
of the House by having it read.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, the policy of the
Government in dealing with the vast mineral re-
sources of the nation is a subject of the highest
moment to the people, and invokes the early and
earnest attention of Congress. No one can over-
state its magnitude, considered in relation to the
actual facts of our condition to-day. In seasons
of prosperity and peace our country can endure
much mal-administration and very serious finan-
cial mistakes; but these are not to be hazarded in
this ciisis of her histoiy. We are compassed abotu
with perils and pressing necessities, and must hus-
band both our wisdom and our resources, if we
hope to save the Republic.
The measure I have had the honor to report
from the Committee on Public Lands proposes a
radical and entire change in the present policy of
the Government respecting its lands containing
the precious metals. It provides for vesting the
fee in individual proprietors by public and private
sale, instead of letannng the title in the Govern-
ment and treating their occupants as tenants at
will. It contemplates their survey and subdivis-
ion into small tracts,and fixes a minimum price
upon them,graded accoiding to size,locality, and
mineral value. Itprohibits combinations among
bidders at the public sales, and the purchase of
any lands by foreigners, except those who shajl
have declared their intention to become citizens.
It provides that actual discoverers and workers of
mining localities shall have the right to purchase
them at the minimum price,and thus relieve them-
selves frocp the disadvantage of competing with
rich capitalists. It limits the quantity of mineral
land which any single purchaser may buy to forty
acres. It requires that the gold and silver ex-
tracted shall be coined in the mints of the United
States, empowers the President to layoff the min-
ing regions into suitable coming districts, and
compels miners to have their gold and silver coined
in the districts in which they are found. It fur-
ther provides thatcvery purchaser shall first take
the oath of loyalty to the United States prescribed
by law, and that the net proceeds of the sales of
these lands shall be dedicated and applied to the
payment of the principal and interestof the bonds
of the United States, This is a brief outline of
the main featuiesof the bill; and I propose, in
entering upon its discussion, to refer to some
preliminary considerations which fairly open the
way.
That the present condition of our currency is
an unsound one, is a proposition which no man
will dispute. That the only safe basis for a finan-
cial medium of exchange is coin, may be affirmed
as equally true. It is needless to deny this fact
or dispute about its philosophy. The civilized
world has so adjudged. The question may fairly
be accepted as a settled one, that gold and silver
constitute the true medium of exchange and the
permanent standard of value. No financial pol-
icy therefore can be trusted which does not con-
template a return to specie payments as soon as
practicable. Tins is the opinion of Mr. McCul-
loch, the able Comptroller of our national banks.
He .says, " it should be the object of all honora-
ble bankers to expedite,as far as possible, rather
than to postpone, a return to .specie payments,"
and that " it must never be forgotten that the
business of the country rests upon an unsound
basis, or rather is without a proper basis, as long
as the Government and the banks are not meet-
ing their obligations m coin." Our Government
securities may be very current to-day, because
they are sustained by popular confidence and the
tide of fortune which seems to be sweeping away
all obstacles to the triumph of the national cause.
But this confidence may not be abiding. What
'we most of all need is such a policy as will sus-
tain popular confidence, even under military fail-
ures and a prolonged war; and such a policy must
embody the fundamental principle just stated.
But to this end, Mr. Speaker, the quantity of
the precious 'metals must be increased. The
startling disproportion of gold and silver to other
values, and to our commercial wants, must m
some way be destroyed or gieatly reduced. The
property of the United States within the last ten
years has increased about nine hundred million
dollars per year. This increase is estimated to
be more than two hundred times greater than the
increase of coin during the same period. These
are very suggestive and significant facts. The
growth of our commcrce and the issue of paper
money and Government securities still further
complicate our financial condition, and demand,
as an absolute necessity, an increase of the quan-
tity of gold and silver. If this is not provided
for the price of coin will continue to advance,
and by its effect upon (jovernment stocks and
prices generally must seriously cripple the pros-
ecution of the war, and most injuriously affect
the welfare of the whole country. Here is the
real problem of our finances, if not also a prob-
lem involving the national life. That wc are to
crush the rebellion, and that speedily, few men
can any longer doubt. Every passing day is
demonstrating that our military power is amply
adequate to the task it has in hand. Of the ques-
tions growing out of the war which yet remain
to be settled, the grand one,and by far the most
difficultof.solution,is that of our finances. How
can the further inflation of the currency be pre-
vented, and a return to specie payments become
possible, without increasing the quantity of
specie? Even' should the war be ended within
the present year, and permanent peace be restored,
the question I am presenting must continue a
vital one, demanding the early and most earnest
consideration of statesmen.
Perhaps it will be said that increased taxation
can meet the financial difficulty. I agree that U
may partially do so. If Congress, in the eaily
stages of the war, had known how to tax, and had
possessed the courage to impose s.uch burdens
upon the people as the national exigency de-
manded, our financial condition would have been
incalculably better than we no w find it. The price
of gold would not have gone up as we have soen
it. The great mass of the people, who aie inter-
ested in stable and moderate prices, would not
have been compelled to buy the nece.ssai ies of life
at the enormous and ruinous rates which have
resulted from the inflation of the currency, un-
accompanied by courageous efforts in the way of
taxation to defray the expenses of the war as it
progressed. The Government, in the purchase
of us vast supplies for our grand armies, would
have been able to do so at such reasonable rates
as to have saved hundreds of millions of dollars,
thus husbanding our resources, maintaining the
national credit, and insuring the confidence of the
people. A system of vigorous taxation, inau-
gurated eaily in the year 186*2, before the derange-
ment of the currency was made manifest, and
steadily.maintained since that time, would have
saved to the country more than a million dollars
per day, thus averting the frightful national debt
which has accumulated, and is rapidly increasing
through the failure of timely and adequate tax-
ation.
Hut these legislative mistakes cannot be undone.
We are compelled to deal with the present as the
past has made it. Congress, within the last three
years, has been learning the sciencc of taxation.
Our burdens, while they are by no means crush-
ing, are heavy. Undoubtedly we shall be com-
pelled to incieasethem in any event of the future;
but no late uf taxation which any public man will
dare propose, or which the people would endure,
will help tho country out of its financial crisis.
Some policy which will sccure to the Govern-
ment a fresh and liberal supply of the precious
