1865.
• THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
metals will be found absolutely necessary. If,
therefoie, there is anywhere an available source
of revenue yet untouched, by which the burdens
of the people may be greatly relieved and the na-
tion itself rescued from the great financial Mael-
strom which threatens to swallow it up, it be-
comes our chosen and highest duty to seek that
eoui$e of revenue, and com it into the national
servico. Sir, I believe it requires no divining-rod
to find it, and that ail we need, in the words of
Mr. Ruggles, is to " uncover the mountains of
gold and silver garneied up by Providence to
meet the cost of saving our nation's life.
The auriferous region of the'Unitcd States on
the western portion of the continent extends from
thirty-one degrees and thirty minutes north lat-
itude to the forty-ninth parallel, and from one
hundred degrees of longitude to the Pacific, em-
bracing portions of Dakota, Nebraska, Colorado,
New Mexico, Arizona, Utah, Nevada, Cahfor*
ma, Oregon, Washington, Idaho, and Montana,
and covering an area of more than a million
square miles. These vast regions are desciibed
in official reports as stretching longitudinally and
in lateral spurs, crossed and linked together by
intervening lidges, connecting the whole system
by five principal ranges, dividing the country into
an equal number of basins, each being nearly sur-
rounded by mountains and watered by mountain
streams and snows, thereby interspersing this im-
mense territory with bodies of agricultural lands
equa! to the support not only of miners, but ofa
dense population. These mountains are literally
stockcd with minerals, gold and silver being in-
leispersed m profusion over this immense sur-
face, and daily brought to light by new discov-
• eries.
According to the Commissioner of the General
Lund Officio, a greater amount of mineral wealth
is to be foujid m the tenitory of the United States
than in all other habitable countries. Before the
discovery of t[ie precious metals in California the
annual production of gold m all parts of the woi Id
did n.ot exceed an average of ^18,000,000. The
present animal production in California alone is
estimated at $70,000,000. The Commissioner of
the General Land Office, in his report for 1862,
estimated the production of gold in that year, in
California and the other western gold-bearing
regions, at §100,000,000; and the Sccietary of the
Interior, in his report of the same year, estimated
that if an amount of labor relatively equal to that
expended in California had been applied to the gold
fields known to exist outside of that State, the
• production, including that of California, would
have exceeded §400,000,000. Taking into ac-
count subsequent and quite xecent diseoveiies in
our ninung legions, and especially in Arizona, I
think it safe to say that an annual product of
#1,000,000,000 might he realized undef a just
policy winch would at once invite laborers to our
western Territories and reward them by lich re-
turns. I quote the following facts fiom the offi-
cial report just referred to:
"The usual size of a mining claim in the quartz legion
i? one hundied l'eet on tin: line of the lode or vein, and one
hundred loct on each Mdc\ equal ro an area of twenty thou-
sand sqtiaie feet, or my twelve hundred claims to t lie square
ill lie. All"vv that only one hundredth part of the mountain
MUl'aee l- occn pied by pav nig Iwads or veuirf, and there will
be mmcl' '"i ilnec Million m\ bundled thousand claim-..
But Governor Evan-, of Colotado,. e-limutes the already
diseoveied <n>ld bearing legion oi that Tern r«ny as atFurdma:
ample loonT tor <*iyht hundied timu«.:ind rlann*, and states
that new discoveries aie daily increasing with aiea. A
clanee at the map la -uiiieieiU to fhowthai the mmeiai ie-
gion <>[ Col oi ad u in. on pie** ]<'&-= than one t-ivth ol the whole
extent umh'i coi^idnation ; hut as-nme it to he oix-Hixtii,
and theie will he ample extent on this ba^ lor win million,
eight hundied thou-und claim-*, wln<-h, if worked, wuuld
give employment to twenty million men.*5
These pregnant facts, Mr. Speaker, ure^ sup-
plied by the Government itself; and yet, weighed
down with debt, and threatened with bankruptcy
and ruin through the soaicity of gold arid silver,
it has adopted no policy whatever m deahng-witii
our muieiai lands, except the negative one of re-
serving them from sale. The United States have
left them open to our people and to the greed of
monopolists from foreign countries for the past
sixteen years, duting which $1,000,000,000 have
been extracted, without a dollar of levcnue to the
national Troasuiy. Sir, this is financial profli-
gacy. It is legislative madness. If notrepented
of,"'and that speedily, it may end in national sui-
cide. Our system of taxation reaches everywhere,
drawing revenue from all quarters, except these
prime sources of supply. They are exempt,
while every other interest is made to groan under
the pressure; and yet the Government, slumber-
ing over its grand opportunity, declines to adopt
any policy respecting them, it does not sell its
mineral lands; it does not lease them; it simply
abandons them, while owning them in fee, and
solemnly bound, as the trustee of the people and by
the Constitution itself, to "make all needful rules
and regulations" for theirgovernmentand the de-
velopment of their" wealth. How long will the
people thus sport with their resources and bear
witn their public servants who are thus recreant
to the public good ?
But assuming that this " let-alone"policy is to
be abandoned by the Government, the important
question remains as to the disposition of these
mineral lands. As a saving financial -expedient
and a wise national policy, what shall be done
with them ? This becomes an immediate, practi-
cal question. Three^everal methods of solving
it have been advocated, namely, the system of
leasing, the imposition of a tax upon the mining
products, and the absolute sale of the,fee. The
two methods first named rest upon substantially
the same principle. They both recognize the Uni-
ted States as the perpetual landlord of these vast
possessions, and the people who enter upon them
as tenants, either for years or at will. They are
both at war with our republican mstitutions. They
are both in direct antagonism with the policy of
sale which would utterly divest the title of the
Government, and vest it m individual proprietors.
It is this latter policy which is submitted in the bill
I have reported, and winch I piopose briefly to
arguo.
The ordinance of 1785, for the disposal of the
lands in the " Western Territory" contained the
first reservation of mineral land from sale. Some
fifteen years later, authority of law was given for
leasing such lands. The folly of our rulers at
one tune went so far as to piovide by law for
leasing agncultuial lands, and I mention this to
show how unsafe it is to make the past action of
our Government the guide of our steps to-day.
In 1807 the power to lease was confined to lead
mines. In the Canadian bounty-land act of 181C
lead mines and salt springs were excluded from
location. Congress, however, by act of March
3, 18^9, confeired authoiity on the President to
expose to sale as other public lands " the several
lead mines and contiguous lands in the State of
Missouri," under certain specified restrictions;
but with this exception the policy of reserving
mineral lands from sale, and of leasing lead and
copper mines, continued till the year 184G, when
Congress, on the lltli day of July, ordered "the
reserved lead mines and contiguous lands in the
States of Illinois and Aiknnsax" and the then
"Territories of Wisconsin and Iowa" to be ex-
posed to sale under certain conditions, the price
being not less than two dollars and a half per acre-
in the following year Congress ordered the or-
ganization of the Lake Superior district in the
upper peninsula of Michigan, and the Chippewa
land district in Wisconsin, and provided for the
sale of lands containing copper, lead, or other
valuable ores,at a minimum price of five dollars
per acre.
These acts of Congress show how long and
patiently the .Government acted the part of na-
tional landlord over Us national tenants, the
tninurs of the Northwest. And the experiment
failed utteily. The leasing policy drew into the
mining regions a population of vagi ants, gamblers,
and i uffians, excluding sobei and intelligent cit-
i/e ns ,and making the establishment of organized
civil communities impossible. Their houses were
mere hovels and shanties. They resisted the
payment of taxes on the products of the mines,
and killed the agents of the Government. The
settlementand civilization of these mining regions
was not only thus prevented, but neither the
national Treasury nor the miner was the pecuni-
ary gainer under this policy. The Government
at length was forced to adopt the policy of selling
the fee, when a new class of men took possession
of these regions as the owners of the soil, brought
then* families with them, laid the foundations of
social order, expelled the bai barians who had se*-
cured a temporary occupancy, and thus at once
promoted their own welfare, the real prosperity
of the country, and the financial interests of the
Government.
Mr. Speaker, this signal and very instructive
failure of the leasing policy in the mines of Illi-
nois, was preceded by a similar one in the iead
mines of Missouri. The Government,asalready
stated, adopted the policyin 1807,and tried itfor
more than twenty years in that State. Man|f
leases were taken, and great quantises of lead
were dug from the mines, but no rents were paid
to the Government—" no, not' a dollar; not one
cent." I quote the words of Colonel Bentpn in
the Senate of the United States, in the year 1823,
after the experiment had been tried in his State
fifteen years; and I fortify my argument by his
high authority. I shall bring to my aid both his
facts and his reasoning in discussing the measure
I have submitted. "Thespiritof tenancy,"said
he, "is everywhere the same; it is a spirit ad-
verse to improvements, always leaning toward
the injury of the property in possession, and al-
ways holding back from the payment of rent."
The truth of this principle will be universally ad-
mitted, and as an argument against the policy in
question is unanswerable, and in itself sufficient
to demand a totally different system. Every land-
lord and tenant, whether of mineral or agricul-
tural lands, must admit its force.
Colonel Benton declared that the fruit of this
false system has been "injury to the national
prosperity, loss to the national Treasury, and a
resource to foreign Powers to supply us with the
articles of which God in His providence has given
to us more than He has given to them." He ar-
gued that to continue this system would be "to
perpetuate the rejation of landlord and tenant
throughout the vastextent of the mineral districts
of the Republic, that landlord being the Federal
Government, and holding its domains and n body
of tenantry within the limits of a sovereign State."
lie denied such a power to the Federal Govern-
ment. " I take my stand," said he, "upon the
words of the Constitution, and deny to the Fed-
eral Government a power to hold lands m any
State, except upon grants made, in cases enumer-
ated, and for the purposes specified in the Constitu-
tion. The monaichies of Europe have their serfs
and vassals, but the genius of the Republic dis-
claims the tenure and the spirit of vassalage, and
calls for freemen, owners of the soil, masters of
their own castles, and free from the influence oi
a foreign sovereign." The effects of this policy
he said would be " population retarded, the im-
provement of the country delayed, largo bodies of
land held free of taxation, and their elections more
or less influenced by the presence of men holding
their leases at the will of the Federal Govern-
ment." He would "deliver up* the mines and
salines of the Republic to the pui suit of individual
industry, to the activity of individual enterprise,
to the care of individual interest, guided and sus-
tained by the skill and capital of those who may
choose to hold thenr."
He argued that the Government would " find
its indemnity in the price which would be paid
for them, and in the increased wealth of its citi-
zens, which is, in fact, the wealth of the Govern-
ment itself. Besides, without a freehold in the
soil, the experience of all countries proves that
the riches of the mineral kingdom can never be
discovered or brought into action. A lessee for
years cannot incur the expense of sinking shafts,
connecting them bygalleries,opening ventilators,
constructing hydraulic machines,, and building
permanent furnaces. .And without these labors,
the mineral riches which lie some hundied feet in*
the bowels of the earth can never be discovered.
All this is now proved on the mineral lands of
the United States in Missouri. Fifty or sixty
mines have been opened, exhausted, and aban-
doned. Yes, in the space of a few months a mine
is exhausted, while m England mipes aie now
worked which were opened two thousand years
ago. The reason is obvious: the English miner,
having the freehold of the soil, husbands and im-
proves his property, and follows the vein down-
ward even to the distance of two thousand feet.
The American lessee can only take what he finds
near the surface of the ground. Heeannotpierce
the rock in pursuit of the descending veins which
lead to the great beds of ore below. lie can only
1 pick out the eyes of the mine, without'touching its
! body, nor is it possible to tell where nature has
| deposited her hidden treasures, except by opening
I the earth to the places where they he."
ii In concluding his speech, embodying so much
