686
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
both of argument and fact, and so forcibly ex-
pressed, Colonel Benton referred to the example
of England:
" In the early ages her base metals were considered as
too precious for the people, and were received as (Jiown
Droperey. Her mines were leased out, and the great ti 
mines of Cornwall brought the imposing sum oi'one hun-
dred marks jferannum, and the rest in pioportion. Jn the
reign of Philip and Maty this policy was changed. The
mineral kingdom, by an act of Paihament, ceased to be a
monopoly in the hands of the Crown. It was delivered up
to tin* skill and capital and indut>tty,of individuals, and tho
result has been that the iron, lead, copper, tin, coat, and salt
of England have carried the wealth and power of tiie Brit-
ish empire to a height to which the mine otTeiunnaMexioo
could never have exalted her. Lot us fotlow her example,
not the example of her dark ages, but of that enlightened
period which has made of a small island in the sea one ot
the richest and most powertul empires on the face of the
globe. 
These, Mr. Speaker, are some of the arguments
of the great statesman of Missouri, as embodied
in a speech delivered in the Senate of the United
States forty-two years ago. They did not fail
of their purpose; for, though not heeded at the
time, they at length found their vindication in the
act of Congress of 1829, already referred to, abol-
ishing .the system of tenancy in Missoun, arid
subjecting her mineral lauds to sale; and still
further in the acts of 1840 and 1847, inaugurating
the same reform in the lead and copper regions
of Ulinios, Michigan, and Wisconsin. To the
extent of this legislation the leasonmgof Colonel
Benton lias prevailed in the policy of the Govern-
ment, and has been fully justified by time. If it
be said that the policy of'selling the fee of lands
containing other minerals than those mentioned
has not been tried, I reply that for that very rea-
son theie is uu fact which can be adduced against
it; and I reply further, that the arguments I have
employed, showing the principle of tenancy to be
a vicious one, apply as legitimately to lands con-
taining gold and silver as to those containing cop-
per and lead; to our great western Territories as
well as to regions far less remote. On the other
hand, there is one unbroken chain of testimony
against the policy of retaining the fee of min-
eral lands m the Government, anu dealing with
their occupants as tenants, whether the lands
contain the precious or the useful metals, and
whether they he on this or the other side of the
ltocky mountains. On this point fact and argu-
ment join hands, and leave that policy totally
unsupported.
Mr. Speaker, the sale of our mineral lands is
demanded by considerations which appeal, with
irresistible force, to the common sense of every
man who will allow himself to think. In the first
place, it will give security to land titles, and thus
necessarily invite into the mining legions a pop-
ulation of pei manfent settleis, and sober, intelli-
gent, wealth-producing people. Thia has been
shown in the case to which I have already le-
forred of the lend mines of -Illinois. It must ho
remembered that population is not always wealtn.
It should be permanent, industi ions, and able lo
find its support in (he rewatds of labor and the
general prospeiity which that labor secures. Un-
der the policy which (teats miners as mere ten-
ants at will permanent settlements aie impossi-
ble. jNu settler can have any security for the claim
he may select. He can have no sure protection
against us forfeiture. .Since lie has no better title
to the land he occupies than he has to the whole
of the unoccupied country around him, he is per-
petually tempted to change his temporary habita-
tion. Having no tie of ownership to bind him to
the^ soil, and no permanent improvements on it,
lie is at perfect liberty at any moment to " take
up his bed and walk, " Hence it is that our mineis
aie proverbially nomadic. Their unsettled and
roving habits will not allow them to accumulate
propuity for themselves, while they contribute
nothing to the peimanent growth of the country.
What Colonel 13mton said of the leasing system
in Missouii applies, in all its force, to the .super-
ficial mining of these wandering tribes, who have
do title to the soil. It is madness to hope for rev-
enue to the Government, or the development of
our mineiai resources, through the agency of
such a population and such a policy; nor is there
any possible remedy save m the sale of these
lands in fee to acuul seuieis.
The policy for which 1 plead is urged by kin-
dred and stronger reasons. Under our present
system there can be no homes in tiie mining re-
gions. Where there is nosecuntyfor land titles,
no permanent communities can be established.
The miner cannot afford to build him a comforta-
ble house, with substantial improvements around
him, because he is simply a tenant at will. His
dwelling will be a mere hovel, and every fact of
his condition will testifyof his transitory charac-
ter. In a country thus dealt with homes will be
exceedingly " few and far between." In fact, a
people withoutsubstantial habitations,and whose
time is largely employed in migrating from place
to place, must practically dispense with domestic
life. That the proportion ofmen to women among
such a people should be three or four to one is
not remarkable, nor should we be surprised that
of the few women m the mines of California " a
considerable share are neither maids, wives, nor
widows." This is the saddest fact connected with
our present mining policy. It is a conspiracy
against the establishment and sacredness of Ameri-
can homes.
It has been said, with OTth, that the best part
of the education of every man and woman is ie-
ceived at home. This is the grand school for
virtue. The most precious interests of life belong
to it. One of our most gifted Ameiican writers
says'that just so far as the family is improved,
us duties performed, and its blessings puzed, all
artificial-institutions of society, including Gov-
ernment itself, are superseded. The family is the
foundation of the State, the peculiar institution of
God. The Government, therefore, should throw
us parental wing over it, and guard it as the
mother guards the life of her child. My chief
quarrel with our existing policy is that it makes
the establishment of homes practically impossible
in vast i egions of our unoccupied terntory, which
else might be carved up into independent home-
Meads, and dotted over by smiling habitations.
This is the crowning argument against the sys-
tem of tenancies at will. Under it, civil society,
practically speaking, cannot exist m the mining
regions. The virtual outlawry of woman forbids
it. Public opinion, which in well-regulated com-
munities exerts a wholesome power over the in-
dividual, is here unfel t. The better class of miners
soon leave the country, while the lower and more
biutuhzed classes are constantly swelled by that
law ot moral gravitation which draws kindred
spirits together. Nothing can arrest the growth
and dominating influence of this evil clement hut
the policy of conferring permanent homes upon
the occupants of the soil. This will drive out
the vicious, the thiiftless, the dissipated, as it did
in the lead and copper regions of the Northwest,
and introduce oulet, mdustiy, and real civiliza-
tion in their stead. With these, the wealth of the
mines will beexiracted, and, by becoming the sub-
ject of taxation, increase the revenues of the Gov-
ernment while rewarding the miner for his toil.
The sale of our minotal lands, Mr. Speaker, is
to he vindicated by still other considerations. No
eountiy can piospor in which land does not be-
come valuable, and increase in value with the in-
crease of population. Our piesent policy totally
oveilooks this principle. By defying permanent
owneisinp in the soil, and thus preventing its im-
provement, it necessarily keeps down its value.
While it fails to diaw from the mines the wealth
which they contain, for reasons already given it
cripples enterpuse in this and other directions by
depriving capital of tho best possible security for
its investment. Men wjll nut lend their capital
to mining projects when the title to the soil is in
the Government, and cannot be pledged as secu-
rity. This non-employment of capital not only
retards mining, but keeps idle multitudes of labor-
ers who need employment. Capital, wanting in-
vestment somewhere, is sent to'New York or to
Europe. According to Hutell, to whose valuable
and interesting work on the Resources of Califor-
nia the public is gieatly indebted, £40,1)00,000 a
year are shipped Jrom that State because there is
nothing to give as security. "Wo offer to pay,"
says he, "twice as much interest as anybody
else, and our offer would be gladly accepted if
there were a certainty that we would pay as we :
promise; but there is no ceitamty, no security." i
Every inteiest sullers under this taise policy. It ;
operates unequally. "The farming distiicts,"
says the same authority, ** whei'e the inhabitants
own the land, pay heavy land taxes, wheieas
mining claims pay no taxes at all. The result is
that the taxation upon the men in the valleys is
about three times as heavy as upon those in the !
mountains. The miners generally have no homes
and no fixed property, and cannot be forced to pay
taxes. Most of the mining counties are deeply
m debt, and many are growing deeper every year.
The only way to equalize the taxation is to sell
tiie mineral lands-, and compel the miner to pay
a tax upon his mine as well as the farmer on his
farm." The justness of these obser^ftions* will
not be questioned; and they will apply to all our
mining regions as perfectly as to California.
Mr. Speaker, I have aheady referred, in my
opening remarks, to the question of our finances,
and £o the singular fact that our mines of gold and
silver have yielded no revenue to the Government.
I urged the absolute financial necessity of some
radical change in our present policy. The ex-
posure of ourmineral lands to sale would notonly
inaugurate the true policy with a view to the set-
tlement of these lands, and the development of
their resources, but would very speedily be felt
in its returns to the Treasury. The sales could
not fail to be large. The spuit of enterpiise, of
adventure, was nevsr more alive among our peo-
ple than to-day. The demand for labor, caused
by the waste of war, can scarcely be appreciated,
and is recasting the judgment of the whole coun-
try as to the value of foreign laborers. Immigra-
tion is accordingly hugely on the increase, and is
destined to pour in upon us to an extent unex-
ampled m the past. The arrivals at the port of
New York alone last year were one hundred and
eighty-five thousand two hundred and eight; and
there is no fact which does not look toils inciease,
at least for several years to come.
The rapid settlement of our distant Territories
within the past few years, partly attributable to
the beneficent policy of our homestead law, and •
the tempting discoveiies of their precious metals
which have been made,are exceedingly piophetic
of their speedy population. The Secwtary'of the
Interior, in his report for the year 1862, estimated
that at least five bundled million d^liais could be
realized by the sale of our mineral lands in one-
acre lots, after granting to those now engaged in
mining a clear title without cost to the lands they
occupy. Should they bnngoniy the half, oreven
the fourth, of this estimate, it would furnish an
argument of no inconsiderable weight in favor of
the pohcy. The people, undoubtedly, would be
glad to have their burdens lightened to this ex-
tent, and they will demand it of their servants, if
not forbidden by the strongest and most conclu-
sive reasons, if peace now prevailed through-
out our borders, and the Treasury of the Govern-
ment were full to oveiflowing, as we have known -
it in the past, I would noturge this consideiation.
I would apply to our mineral lands the great
principle embodied in the homestead law, which
aims at the settlement and improvement of our
public domain as at once the true source of reve-
nue to the Government and of prosperity to the
country. I agree to the modification of that prin-
ciple now, and uige it, because of an absolute
public necessity, which demands that this impor-
tant source of immediate financial relief shall not
escape.
And now, sir, permit me to refer to some of the
objections which are urged to the policy for which
I plead. The sale of our mineral lands, it is as-
set ted, will place them in the giasp of specu-
lators, who will Hoard them up for their own
aggrandizement, and " to the prejudice and depri-
vation of the many." This objection suggests sev-
eral replies. In the first place, this horror of land
monopoly is shared by men who see no sort of
objection, to the wholesale monopoly of all our
mineral lands by the Government. If monopo-
lies are pernicious, as I admit them to be, they
are so in principle. Government monopolies are
not less so than others. They have often been as
much worse as their greater power of evil would
permit. The feudal system of the Old World was
land-monopoly in us glory and fruition, in the
crowning luxuriance ot its infernal sway over the
people, who toiled as its skives. The theory which
insists upon retaining the fee of ourmineia! lands
in the Government, and treating the miner as a
feudatory or serf, is of European origin. 11 is bor-
rowed fiom monarchical institutions and ideas,
winch we profess to have foisalten, but from
which we are by no means yet fully divorced.
Our institutions are republican, and our ideas
should bedemocratic,notmonarchic. Under the
feudal or kingly system Government is every-
