1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'68f
thing, the subject nothing. Our American ideas,
on the other hand, have respect chiefly to the in-
dividual, and regard Government simply as the
servant of the people.
* Sir, I submit that this popular cry against the
monopoly of our mineral lands by speculators,
does not-sound very well m the mouths of those
who justify Government monopoly, and have not
yet been able to emancipate themselves from the
anti-republican ideas against which our revolu-
tionary fathers contended. Let me add, that
what 1 now say furnishes a reply also, to the ar-
gument often urged that the policy of European
nations and of other sovereignties on this conti-
nent is against the sale of their mineral lands.
Our Government is a republic, and the remotest
thing possible from a safe precedent for us would
be the example of Governments resting upon feu-
dal ideas, and utterly hostile to the rights of the
people.
But I ask, Mr. Speaker, why is there more dan-
ger from the monopoly of mineral than of agri-
cultural lands? The monopoly of the latter has
undoubtedly been a great evil, yet the Govern-
ment, from the beginning, has parted with the fee
to purchasers, and is still doing so. It also sells
its lands containing lead, iron, copper, salines,
and coal; and I believe the opponents of the meas-
ure now proposed offer no objection. Why not
extend the same principle to other minerals?
True, the intrinsic value of gold and silver gives
to them a peculiar relation, and as the represent-
ative of values and the medium of exchange they
perform a function totally unlike that of any of
the merely useful metals. But I am unable to s^e
why this should exempt the lands containing
them from the general policy of sale. As to for-
eign capitalists, the bill I have reported forbids
theirbecommg purchasers unless they shall have
declared their intention to.become naturalized.
Undoubtedly these lands will be the subject of
monopolies, just as will ourcoal and other lands.
This cannot wholly be prevented by any possi-
ble legislation, or any failure to legislate. Land
monopoly notoriously prevails now in the great
mining regions under our present policy of with-
holding the fee. Capitalists, both foreign and
domestic, enter these regions, and purchase and
monopolize the possessory rights of miners, and
will do so in spite of any prohibitions. This is
a sufficient reply to all that can be said against
the monopoly of the fee of mining lapds. I be-
lieve, however, the evil of such monopoly will be
much less than is apprehended. It is not proba-
ble that capitalists would become the first pur-
chasers, or that the richest places would frill into
their hands. The men who are on the ground,
engaged in actual mining, would secure the best
investments; for under tins bill they aie not re-
quired to compete with men who could outbid
them. If capitalists buy the lands, they cannot
afford to let them lemain unproductive. If they
should secure enough to be fairly named a mo-
nopoly,their own intciest would prompt them to
develop their richcs, and this will bring into the
mining regions multitudes of laborers who would
find remunerative employment, and help develop
the wealth of our country.
Another principal objection to the poficy of
sale is the difficulty of fixing upon a just mini-
mum price. Unquestionably this is a real prac-.
tical difficulty. A perfectly just minimum is im-
possible; but the same is true of our lead, copper,
iron, and coal lands. It is even true of our agri-
cultural lands, as to which there is very gicot
inequality of value. If our lands containing gold
and silver are exposed to sale, all we can do is to
approximate, as nearly as we can, to a just and
reasonable price. The method of doing this is
provided for m the sixth section of the bill. The
geologist for each land district for which the bill
makes provision, in connection with the register
and receiver, is to classify the mineral lands of
the district with reference to their value, and the
subdivisions necessary to accommodate actual
miners, or those who may intend to become such,
and report to the surveyor general and the Gen-
eral Land Office, giving the minimum price of
each class, the location and extent of each de-
posit and of each settlement or mining opera-
tion, with the reasons for the facts reported. The
Commissioner of the General Land Office then,
upon these facts and reasons, is to fix the mini-
mum, and his decision is to be final. Perhaps
this process will secure a price for the lands as
nearly just to the Government and to the pur-
chaser as any that can be devised. I believe it
meets the difficulty; and since the vested rights
of miners are protected under the fifth section of
the bill, no material injustice can result, either to
the Government or the purchaser.
Mr. Speaker, there are other and minor objec-
tions, to which I think I need not refer. They
are all met or overcome by the arguments already
presented, joined, to the palpable folly of further
maintaining the present suicidal policy of the
Government. Nor shall I stop to discuss the
details of the bill I have reported, the leading
features of which have already been stated. It
has been prepared with much care, and with the
assistance of some of the ablest men in the coun-
try, whose extensive knowledge of our land sys-
tem gives peculiar weight to their opinions, and
who have given to the subjectmuch thought. The
policy which it proposed has also the decided ap-
proval of many of our most distinguished public
characters, including such men as Colonel Ben-
ton, Chief Justice Chase, General Fiemonf, Rob-
ert J. Walker, Hugh McCulloch, and Horace
Greeley. I may mention also Hon. John Wil-
son, who so ably presided over our General Land
Office years ago, and whose thorough acquaint-
ance with the subject should command great re-
spect for his judgment, i add, further, that the
most intelligent men I have met from California
and other mining regions, who speak from actual
observation and extensive experience in mining,
express the same opinion. Undoubtedly, the bill
is imperfect. A measure sorevolutionaiy of past
ideas and policy, and dealing with interests so vast
and peculiar, must of necessity, to some extent,
prove an experiment. I believe it will be a grand
one.
Holding the principle of the measure to be
sound, I would launch it, trusting to time and ex-
perience to point out its defects and suggest the
needed remedies. I sincerely hope the Thirty-
Eighth Congress will not close its labors without
adding this bill to the list of those great measures
which have already signalized its legislation.
The passage of the bill will powerfully stimulate
foreign immigration, and the settlement ofthegreat
Pacific States of the future. By drawing into our
mining regions a large and constantly swelling
stream of settlers, it will demand and necessitate
the speedy construction of our great mil way
thoroughfare to the Pacific, which shall belt the
continent with ribs of iron, and prove themselves
the grandest of commercial entetpiises and the
mightiest bonds of national union, in secur-
ing perfect land titles it will build up permanent
settlements, promote a more thoiough knowl-
edge of localities, and institute a more profitable
system- of mining than could otherwise, be pos-
sible.
The establishment of settlements in the mines
will lead to the exploiation and purchase of the
agricultural lands in the valleys, and'thus develop
their productive power. It will introduce social
order, domestic life, fixed habits, free schools,
homogeneous communities, and general prosper-
ity, in the place of itinerant and scattered tribes,
whose condition could best be defined by the ab-
sence of all these blessings, it would cement and
consolidate the Union, by intrenching the Gov-
ernment m the hearts and homes of the teeming
millions whose habitations are to be set up in the
great empire of States now so rapidly springing
into life m the distant West. ft would rebuke
those feudal ideas to which the Government lias
so long lent its sanction, and iccogmze the inde-
pendence and dignity of labor. Holding these
views, Mr. Speaker, and embracing them, as I
do, with ardor, I have laboied with some zeal to
awaken among our public men an interest in the
subject; and 1 shall regard it as one of the many
grand and providential compensations of this war
if the financial crisis which has been its result
shall prepare us to enact this great and far-reach-
ing measure, and thus lay the foundations of
Christian civilization and genuine democracy in J
the budding Commonwealths of the Pacific. _ \
Mr, Speaker, I now move to recommit the bill •
to the Committee on Public Lands, but I do not j
ask a vote on that question now. I am willing
to yield the remainder of my time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has seven
minutes of his time left.
Mr, JULIAN. X ask that the motion be passed,
over for the present, informally.
Mr. SHANNON. I would ask the gentleman
if he means to press this question for considera-
tion.
Mr. JULIAN. Not at present. I will yield
now to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Sloan.]
The SPEAKER. TheChaircannotstate what
will be the condition of the motion to recommit
if passed over informally, or when it will como
before the House, as the motion to recommit is
not a privileged motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to object to passing
over this motion.
Mr. JULIAN. To avoid any unpleasant feel-
ing on the subject, I ask that the question be
taken on the motion to recommit now.
The question was taken, and the motion to re-
commit the bill to the Committee on Public Lands
was agreed to.
GRANT OF LANDS TO A SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. SLOAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, reported back, with sundry amendments,
bill of the Senate No. 241, an act granting to the
State of Wisconsin a donation of public lands to
aid in the construction of a ship-canal at the head
of Sturgeon bay, in the county of Door, in said,
State, to connect the waters of Green bay with
Lake Michigan, in said State.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the reading of the
bill, and it was read at length.
Section one provides for granting to the State
of Wisconsin one' hundred thousand acres of
public land, subject to the approval of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, from any lands lying within
sixty miles of the western terminus of said canal,
and not including any to which the rights of pre-
emption or homestead have been attached, or any
heretofore reserved to ih% United States, or min-
eral lands.
Section two provides that said canal shall be
and remain a public highway for the use of the
Government of the United States, free from toll or
other charge for the vessels of the Government
engaged upon public service, or vessels employed
by the Government in the transportation of any
pioperty or troops of the United States.
Section thiee provides that if the canal ia not
commenced within three yeais, and completed
withm ten years, the State of Wisconsin shall
pay to the United States the amounts received fgr
the sale by the State of any land hereby granted
at a rate not less than #1 25 per acre.
Section four provides that there shall be kept
an accurate account of the amount of sales and
net proceeds of the lands hereby granted, and all
the cxpendituresin theconstruction, repairs, and
operating the canal, together with the earnings;
the statement of the same to be made annually
to the Secretary of the Interior; and after the
expense of the canal shall have been reimbursed
to the State only such tolls shall he imposed as
shall be sufficient to pay the necessary expanses of
repairs and operating the canal.
Section five provides that before the State shall
dispose of any of these lands, the route of the
canal shall have been established, and the plot or
plots thereof filed m the office of the Commis-
sioner of the Geneial Land Office, the canal to be
at least one hundred feet wide, with a depth of
water of fifteen feet.
The question recurred upon the first amend-
ment reported by the Committee on PuhhcLands.
The first amendment was to strike out, in line
five of section one, the words" said canal," and
insert the following:
A haibor on tlm western shore of Lake Michigan, iiv the
building of a bioakwaier npp.iMte teluigoou bay, ami u&lup-
cunal from said lake to s>aui bay.
The amendment was adopted.
The nextqueaiion was upon the second amend-
ment.
Mr. SLOAN. The object of this amendment
is to require that the work shall be commenced m
one year instead of three years, and be completed
in five yeais instead of ten years.
The amendment was adopted.
The next question was upon the following
amendment:
Add a new section, as follows:
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it farther entitled, That the lands hereby
gianted to said State shall be disposed of by taid State only
