1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
691
bill upon this subject, establishing a Bureau of
Emancipation, which was referred, as gentlemen
will remember, to a select committee, at the head
of which, I think, was Judge White, of Indiana.
That committee was prepared to report a bill, but
having the charge of tiie bill concerning Missouri
and one or two other bills, they were prevented
from doing so.
The bill was again offered at the next session
of Congress, and standsNo. 1 upon the Calendar,
it was referred to a committee, and reported again
as House bill No. 51, and it now comes up for
action from the committee of conference. Since
January, 3863, we have been endeavoring to ma-
ture some legislation on this subject. Now, un-
less some o ther member desires to propound inter-
rogatories or wishes to speak upon this subject,
I propose to call the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCIC. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] withdraw that call
for the present?
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I am perfectly
well aware that in the few remaining days of this
shoit session not much or long debate would be
either proper or m good taste. But I trust the
House will excuse me for asking at least a little
attention to this subject from another point of
vifw this morning; my excuse being that this
subject of providing for refugees, set adrift by
the fortunes of war, was, some two months
ago, referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, of which 1 am chairman, and that as soon
after that time as opportunity could be had, the
committee reported to this House a bill which
they had printed for the information of the House
and recommitted to thatcommittee; and that com-
mittee now holds itself ready, whenever a"n op-
portunity offers, to report that bill back to the
House, with two or three small amendments.
I can better, perhaps, present the view taken
by the Committee on Military Affairs of this
whole subject, by asking to have read from the
Clcik's desk the very short bill concerning this
matter which that committee are prepared to re-
port. The three verbal amendments proposed by
the committee are inserted in the bill, and if the
Clerk will read it the House will be in possession
of the bill precisely in the shape the committee
propose to report it back.
The Clerk read, as follows:
a bill to establish in the War Depaitment a Bureau for the
Relict ot Fieedmeu and Refugees.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Stales of ^imeiicain Congi ess assembled, That
a bureau be established in the War Depaitmeut, to con-
tinue dm in"; the present war ot if-bellion. to winch shall be
committed tin; supervision, management, and eonuol of
ail subjects relating to refugees ;md fieodmen ttom rebel
States, or liom any distuct of counny within the teintoiy
embiaeed in the opeiations ot the Army, undei such rules
and insulations as maybe prescnbed by the head of the
Department and appioved by the President. The said bu-
reau shall have one chief, to be appointed by the President,
by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, whose
compensation shall be per annum, and such num-
ber of eloiks as may be deemed necossaiy bv the ehiet of
the bme.tu, and appioved bj the Secretary ol War, notex-
ceedmg two ol tiie loui tn el.tss, two of the thud class, three
of the second cUhs, and live ot the first class.
Sre.2. And he itfuilkcr cnacted, 'fiiatthc Pi evident may
nssisiu in such buieau, lor the benefit ol said lelugecs and
t'leedmen, the lemporaiy use of such abandoned lands and
tenements in in-uuoctiowuy States, not belonging to loyal
owner-, as may he neeewuy, and may duect such issues
of pioviMons, < lothiu<r, and luel as he may deem needful
foi ihe immediate and trmpoiaiy shelter and supply of des-
titute and sulFering refugees and treedmen, and their wives
and children, under such lules and legulauous as he may
duect.
tsEC. 3. JimI be it further enacted, That all laws and parts
of Lavs conflicting herewith are hereby lepealcd.
Mr. SCHENCK. The bill which lias been
read by the Clerk was prepared by the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs; and as contrasted with
the bill fiom the committee of conference, which
is now under consideration, it presents the dif-
ference between the two systems proposed. That
difference, briefly, is this: the bill of the confer-
ence committee, as has been stated by the gen-
tleman fiom Illinois, [Mr. Wasiiburne,] is a bill
actually made up and brought into tins House by
the committee of conference. Jt is not the bill
which was first passed by the House. It is not
the bill which was offered to us by the Senate as
a substitute for the House bill. But it is made
up by an abandonment of both of those bills in
order to have acornpromise upon an entirely new
bill.
The first feature of this new bill produced by
the committee of conference is this: the House
passed a bill which would have given the whole
care of the subject of freed men to the War De-
partment, and as 1 think very properly. These
men are set adrift by the accidents of war, or, if
they be freedmen, by being released from bond-
age as our armies advance, or they escape within
our lines. And whatever relates to them, what-
ever they do, and whoever they may he, they fall
naturally with the lines of operations of the Army
as it proceeds, and as its advance is made in any
direction.
It seems to me, therefore, that the House was
perfectly right in providing that these persons
thus set afloat by the accidents and necessities
of war, and needing assistance and relief from
the Government, should fall within the care and
attention of that Department of the Government
which is engaged in the conduct of the war, and
that a resort to any other system is but to pro-
duce a clashing between differentDepartmcnts; is
but to attempt to introduce, as it were, a wheel
within a wheel—a system of operations looking
for its head and direction to one Department of
the Government within the very field of the opera-
tions of another Department of the Government.
The Senate took a different view, and piefeued
to leave the carc of this matter where it now is,
under the present loose legislation that exists upon
the subject, in the Treasury Department; thus
building up a sort of rivalry by giving the Treas-
ury Department the care of matters which are
the incidents and consequences of the war, and
within the very area covered by the war-making
power in its operations. The committee of con-
ference, in making their compromise, have pro-
posed to us a new thing entirely; that is, that
neither the Treasury Dcpaitment, as the Senate
wishes, nor the War Department, as the House
proposes, shall have charge of this subject, but
that a now Department of the Government shall
be established, at the head of which there shall
be a Commissioner, with a salary of some four
thousand dollars, with various subordinates under
him, to take care of this whole subject.
Mr. ELIOT. The gentleman will allow me
to say that in the provisions for the appointment
of a Commissioner and assistant commissiouuis,
the committee nmde no change as to the expense.
Mr. SCHENCIC. That is a mere matter of
detail on which I did not mean to comment or
make any criticism. The mam point to which I
am inviting the attention of the House is that the
report of ihe committee of conference, instead of
leaving this subject to the War Department as
the House desired, or to the Treasury Depart-
ment as the Senate proposed, presents a new idea
alto^ethei; that is, to create a new and independ-
ent Department of the Government to have charge
of freedmen. In this consists the first material dif-
ference in idea between the bill pioposed by the
Committee on Military Affairs and that reported
by the committee of conference. We do not think
it necessary to built up a new Department of vast
proportions. We do not think it necessary that
that Departmentshouid be indefinite as to its dura-
tion. We do not think that the present condition
of the freedmen in the country is anything more
than one of the incidents of the war—temporary
in its character from the very natuie of things; to
be disposed of as the war progresses, and to be
ended about the time when the war closes. We
think, therefore, that some competent existing
Department of the Government should take care
of this subject while the war continues, as the
subject will probably need no further attention
when the war shall have ended. The Committee
on Military Aff.urs think, and have provided ac-
cordingly m the bill which they have prepared,
that the proper Department to have the care and
supervision of this whole matter is the War
Department, inasmuch as all these necessities of
refugees and freedmen are matters arising as con-
sequences of the war, and having their existence
within the line of operations of our atmses.
This leads me to remark upon another feature
in which the b;il which the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs would propose to the House differs
from this bill. We propose to limit the oper-
ation of our bill to the time of the existence of
this present war of rebellion. The bill before the i
House from the committee of conference has no >
limitation as to time. Now, it would seem proper |
that there should not be a great system built up, i
under a new Department, of indefinite duration,
to be added to the various other Departments of
the Government, when this new Department
would have relation only to this subject of freed-
men,provision for whom is, from the very nature
of things, a temporary and fleeting necessity.
But there is another and a very material differ-
ence of idea between the bill proposed by the
Military Committee and the bill reported from the
committee of conference. We have introduced a
bill which makes no discrimination on account of
color—a favorite phrase, as is well understood, in
these times among us all. The peculiarity of the
biil introduced by the Military Committee is that
it docs not disciiminate against whites; that it
proposes to take care of all refugees, as well as
all freedmen, who may need the help of the Gov-
ernment. Now, I have no objection to the Gov-
ernment authorities taking under their care and
supervision, to whatever extent may be necessary,
these colored men who may be released from bond-
age and thrown by the accidents of war upon our
hands. I think it a duty which we owe to them
to look after them to a certain extent. Yet I think
that, with regard to them as well as with regard
to white refugees, there is always danger that we
may keep them too long in a state of pupilage.
It will not do to give them too much as a matter
of course the help of the Government, lest, instead
of building up in them a feeling of strength and
self-dependence, we should create in them rather
a habit of dependence on others, a disposition to
remain to some extent paupers in charge of the
Government, not looking out for themselves, be-
cause their condition of dependence would be an
easier life than taking care of themselves. That
is to be guarded against either as to whites or
blacks; and the difference of which I am speak-
ing between the two bills is that the system pro-
posed by the committee of conference, building
up the legislation heretofore attempted and which
lesulted in the difference between the two Houses,
looks only to the care and supervision to be ex-
tended over freedmen, while nothing whatever is
to be done for the white refugees.
We have heard, Mr. Speaker, time and again,
and heard related most truthfully, details moving
our sympathy, some of them most appalling in
their character, of the suffering of the poor creat-
ures who, by the accidents and necessities of
war, being released from bondage, live along the
border or escape into our lines, and for a time,
men, women, and children, all of them, are more
or less helpless, depending upon the bounty and
care of the Government to save them from desti-
tution and starvation, until they can in some
manner be looked after. And whatever is true in
regard to the blacks is also true in regard to the
whites in relation to this matter. From the very
nature of war, its surging over the country back
and forth, no matter whose army it may be, that
of the rebels or that of our own Government, the
march of that army must always resultin houses
being destroyed, in homes being made desolate,
in people being diiven from the shelter of these
homes in destitution, in suffering. It follows
from this cause, and that unfortunately extends
alike to blacks and whites and to all colors. The
details, if we were to go into them, and if we
should have information read which has come
before the Committee on Military Affairs, as the
gentleman has had an aigument read in favor of
providing for freedmen; the details would bemost
hanowing of the sufferings of these white men
who have been driven by the progress of our
armies or the rebel armies from the country which
they had occupied before on the other side of our
lines.
The bill proposed by the Committee on Military
Affairs does not, as I have said, look to a distinc-
tion on account of color; it does not discriminate
against the whites; hut, if we are to legislate on
this subject, would provide for refugees and ft eed-
men, refugees of all colors as well as freedmen, in
order thatail shall have that temporary relief, that
immediate help, winch is required in order that
they may not undergo great suffering, and in or-
der that they may be put in a condition to shift
fur themselves and become independent of this
help from the authoiities of the country at the
earliest time when that can be brought about.
There is another general difference in character
between the bill proposed by the Military Com-
mittee and this bill from the committee of con-
