APPENDIX
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38tii Cong....2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
MESSAGE
OF THE
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.
Fellow-Citizens of the Senate
and House of Representatives:
Again the blessings of health and abundant
"harvests claim our profoundest gratitude to Al-
mighty God.
The condition of our foreign affairs is reason-
ably satisfactory.
Mexico continues to be a theater of civil war.
While our political relations with that country
have undergone no change, we have, at the same
time, strictly maintained neutrality between the
belligeren ts.
At the request of the States of Costa Rica and
Nicaragua, a competent engineer has been au-
thorized to make a survey of the river San Juan
and the port of San Juan. It is a source of much
satisfaction that the difficulties which for a mo-
ment excited some political apprehensions, and
caused a closing of the inter-oceanic transit route,
have been amicably adjusted, and that there is a
good prospect that the route will soon be reopened
with an increase ofcapacity and adaptation. We
could not exaggerate either the commeicial or the
political importance of that great improvement.
It would be doing injustice to an important
South American Slate not to acknowledge the di-
rectness, frankness, and coidiahty with which the
United States of Colombia have entered into inti-
mate relations with this Government. A claims
convention has been constituted to complete the
unfinished work of the one which closed its ses-
sion m 1861.
The new liberal constitution of Venezuela hav-
ing gone into effect with the univeisal acquies-
cence of the people, the Government under it has
been recognized, and diplomatic intercoutse with
it has opened in a cordial and friendly spirit. The
long-deferred Aves Island claim has been satis-
factorily paid and discharged.
Mutual payments have been made of the claims
awarded by the late joint commission for the set-
tlement of claims between the United States and
Peru. An earnest and cordial friendship contin-
ues to exist between the two countries, and such
efforts as were in my power have been used to
remove misundeistanding and averta threatened
war between Peru and Spain.
Our relations are of the most friendly nature
with Chili, the Argentine Republic, Bolivia, Costa
Rica, Paraguay, ban Salvador, and Hayti.
During the past year no differences of any kind
have arisen with any of those republics, and, on
the other hand, their sympathies with the United
States are constantly expressed with cordiality
and earnestness.
The claim arising fiom the seizure of the cargo
of the brig Macedonian m 1821 has been paid in
full by the Government of Chili.
Civil war continues m the Spanish partof San
Domingo, apparently without prospect of an early
close.
Official correspondence has been freely opened
New Series—No. 1,
with Liberia, and it gives us a pleasing view of
social and political progress in that republic.* It
may be expected to derive new vigor from Ameri-
can influence, improved by the rapid disappear-
ance of slavery in the United States.
I solicit your authority to furnish to the repub-
lic a gunboatat moderate cost, to be reimbursed to
the United States by installments. Such a vessel
is needed for the safety of that State against the
native African races; and in Liberian hands it
would be more effective in arresting the African
slave trade than a squadron in our own hands.
The possession of the least organized naval force
would stimulate a generous ambition in the repub-
lic, and the confidence which we should manifest
by furnishingit would win forbearance and favor
toward the colony from all civilized nations.
The proposed overland telegraph between
America and Europe, by the way of Bell ring's
straits and Asiatic Russia, which was sanctioned
by Congress at the last session, has been under-
taken, under very favoiable circumstances, by an
association of American citizens, with the cor-
dial good-will and support as well of this Gov-
ernmentas of those of Great Britain and Russia.
Assurances have been received from most of the
South American States of their high appreciation
of the enterprise, and their readiness to cooper-
ate in constructing lines tributary to that world-
encircling communication. I learn with much
satisfaction that the noble design of a telegraphic
communication between the eastern coast of
America and Great Britain has been renewed
with full expectation of its early accomplish-
ment.
Thus it is hoped that with the return of do-
mestic peace the country will be able to resume
with energy and advaritageitsformerhigh career
of commeice and civilization.
Our very popular and estimable representative
in Egypt died in April last. An unpleasant al-
tercation which arose between'the temporary in-
cumbent of the office and the Government of the
Pasha resulted in a suspension of intercourse.
The evil was promptly corrected on the arrival
of the successor in the consulate, and our rela-
tions with Egypt, as well as our relations with
the Barbary Powers, are entirely satisfactory.
The rebellion which has so long been flagrant
in China, has at last been suppressed, with the
cooperating goodofilces of this Government, and
of the other western commcrcial States. The ju-
dicial consular establishment there has become
very difficult and onerous, and it will need legis-
lative revision to adapt it to the extension of our
commerce, and to the more intimate intercourse
which has been instituted with the Government
and people of that vast empire. China seems to
be accepting with hearty good-will the conven-
tional laws which regulate commercial and social
intercourse among the western nations.
, Owing to the peculiar situation of Japan, and
the anomalous form of its government, the action
of that empire in performing treaty stipulations
is inconstant and capricious. Nevertheless, good
progress has been effected by the western Powers,
moving with enlightened concert. Our own pecu-
niary claims have been allowed, or putin course
of settlement, and the inland sea has been re-
opened to commerce. There is reason also to be-
lieve that these proceedings have increased rather
than diminished the friendship of Japan toward
the United Stages.
The ports of Norfolk, Fernandina, and Pensa-
cola have been opened by proclamation. It is
hoped that foreign merchants will now consider
whether it is not safer and more profitable to
themselves, as well as just to the United States,
to resort to these and other open ports, than it is
to pursue, through many hazards, and at vast
cost, a contraband trade with the other ports which
are closed, if not by actual military occupation,
at least by a lawful and effective blockade.
For myself, I have no doubt of the power and
duty of the Executive, under the law of nations,
to exclude enemies of the human race from an asy-
lum in the United States. IfCongress should think
that proceedings in such cases lack the authoiity
of law, orought to be further regulated by it, I rec-
ommend that provision be made for effectually
preventing foreign slave traders from acquiring
domicile and facilities for their criminal occupa-
tion in our country.
It is possible that, if it were a new and open
question, the maritime Powers, with the lights
they now enjoy, would not concede the privileges
of a naval belligerent to the insurgents of the Uni-
ted States, destitute, as they aie, and always have
been, equally of ships-of-war and of port and har-
bors. Disloyal emissaries have been neither less
assiduous nor more successful during the last year
than they were before that time in their efforts,
under favor of that privilege, to embroil our coun-
try in foreign wars. The desire and determina-
tion of the Governmentsof the maiitime States to
defeat that design are believed to be as sincere as
andcannot be more earnest than ourown. Never-
theless, unforeseen political difficulties have arisen,
especially in Brazilian and British ports, and on
the northern boundary of the United States, which
have required, and are likely to continue to re-
quire, the practice of constant vigilance, and a just
and conciliatory spirit on the part of the United
States as well as of the nations concerned and their
Governments.
Commissioners have been appointed under the
treaty with Great Britain on the adjustment ofthe
claims of the Hudson's Bay and Puget Sound
Agricultural Companies, in Oregon, and are now
proceeding to the execution of the trust assigned
to them.
In view of the insecurity of life and property
in the region adjacent to the Canadian border, by
reason of recent assaults and depredations com-
mitted by inimical and desperate persons who are
harbored there, it has been thought proper to give
notice that after the expiration of six months, the
period conditionally stipulated in the existing ar-
rangement with Great Britain, the United States
must hold themselves at liberty to increase their
naval armament upon the lakes if they shall find
that proceeding necessary. The condition of the
border will necessarily come into consideration
m connection with the question of continuing or
modifying the rights of transit from Canada
through the United States, as well as the regular
