1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
693
■m
Mr. Speaker, it is not often given to a Legisla-
ture to perform an act such as we are now to pass
upon. We have four million people in poverty,
because our laws have denied them the right to
acquire property; in ignorance,because our laws?
have made it a felony to instruct them; without
organized habits, because war has broken the
shackles which bound them, and has released
them from the plantations which were destined
to be their world.
We are to organize them into society; we are
to guide them, as the guardian guides his ward,
for a brief period, until they can acquire habits
and become confident and capable of self-control;
we are to watch over them, and if we do we have,
from their conduct in the field and in the school,
evidence that they will more than repay our la-
bor. If we do not we will doom them to va-
grancy and pauperism, and throw upon another
Congress, and perhaps upon another generation,
the duty or the effort to reclaim those whose
hopes we will have blasted, whose usefulness we
will have destroyed.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed bills of the following titles, in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the House,
namely:
An act (S. No. 413) to establish a bridge across
the Ohio river at Cincinnati, Ohio, a post road;
An act (S. No. 390) relating to the postal laws;
An act (S. No. 430) to amend an act to enable
the people of Nevada to form a constitution and
State government, and for the admission of such
State into the Union on an equal footing with the
original States;
An act (S. No. 411) to amend an act entitled
"An act to incorporate the Metropolitan Railroad
Company in the District of Columbia; and
An act (S. No. 359) to reimburse the State of
Missouri for moneys expended for the United
States.
enrolled bill.
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey, from the Com-
mittee on Enrolled Bills, reported as truly en-
rolled an act (H. R. No. 689) to provide for Act-
ing Assistant Treasurers or depositaries of the
United States in certain cases; when the Speaker
signed the same.
reimbursement of missouri.
Mr. KING asked and obtained unanimous con-
sent to have taken from the Speaker's table an
act (S. No. 359) to reimburse the State of Mis-
souri fur moneys expended for the United States;
which was read a first and second lime, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
metropolitan railroad company.
Mr. STILES asked and obtained unanimous
consent to have taken from the Speaker's table an
act (S. No. 411) to amend an act entitled "Anact
to incorporate the Metropolitan Railroad Com-
pany in the District of Columbia;" which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
state of nevada.
Mr. WORTIIINGTON asked and obtained
unanimous consent to have taken from the
Speaker's table an act (S. No. 430) to amend an
act to enable the people of Nevada to form a con-
stitution and State government, and for the ad-
mission of such State into the Union on an equal
footing with the original States; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
frkedmen's bureau.
Mr. ELTOT addressed the Chair.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to yield the floor to me for a few
minutes.
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly, sir.
Mr. CHANLER. Mr. Speaker, when this
bill was before the House the other day I rose
for the purpose of moving its reference to the
Judiciary Committee—I did so in good faith, for
the purpose of bringing before that committee
the character of the bill and the general tenor of
its provisions, it appears to me to be a bill to
provide for tenants in fee in one case, and for
tenants at will in another. The overwhelming
pretext of "military necessity" has developed
throughout the country a new class of American
citizens—men without hom^s, without rights,
without history,and apparently without the pro-
tection of the law. 1 would keep these men within
the purview of the pretext which gave them their
present status. I would hold them amenable to
the military law during the existence of thepres-
ent rebellion.
I consider the remarks made by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] of the Military Com-
mittee, to be pertinent, wise, and proper, and in
lookingat the bills presented—the one by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,] from
the committee on conference, and the one by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] from the
Committee on Military Affairs—1 shall support
thatof the gentleman from Ohio, because it meets
the case logically and carries out the established
policy of the Administration, in my view, in the
most mild and judicious manner. 1 he arguments
advanced by the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kklley] also prove the necessity there ex-
ists that those freedmen should be under some
stronger hand for their government than that pro-
posed to be laid upon them by the bill presented
from the committee on conference.
The position presented to this House by the
two races under consideration, in the bill of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] is simply
this: that on a given line of teintory are to be
found two races sti ug^ling for life, liberty, and
happiness, and demanding the piotection of the
American Government. The major premise is
the broad, philanthropic, reasonable, and consti-
tutional one assumed by the gentleman from Ohio.
While the clash of arms is ringing in the ears of
men from one end of the land to the other, he
proposes to throw the protection of the sword
around those who are too helpless to protect them-
selves. Remove that protection, send to the bor-
der a commission appointed under the bill of the
conference committee, and to what result will it
come? That very commission must demand from
the military commander of that department the
very protection which the Military Committee
extend directly to the parties in distress.
Sir, the question of immigration has been
brought into consideration. We are all, in one
sense, immigrants; we are all the descendants of
immigrants; we represent in this country the
grand principle of immigration, the development
of that principle, and the civilization which fol-
lows a free exercise of it. It is useless, for the
purpose of argument, to contrast the situation of
the immigrant to-day with the situation of the
black freedman now thrust upon us. That proves
nothing. We invite the immigrant from abroad
to seek a'home here for the purpose of develop-
ing our resources. We have received the runa-
way slave and the freed man as the result of a mil-
itary necessity which we could meet in no other
way. That line of argument has no force on my
mind; it presents no new phase of the aigument
presented to this House from time to time by the
gentlemen who have addressed the House upon
this subject. It has but one merit. It proves in-
conte^tably that at no time, and under no circum-
stances, will gentlemen who are laboring under
certain influences of fanaticism—which has been
called, by those who use language stronger than
i propose to use at present, a species of lunacy—
allow any adjustment of this subject which will
give the white race equal protection from this
Government, under the same circumstances, to
that enjoyed by the blacks. That is all 1 can see
in that argument.
We are told that the military bill is a bill for
force. We are not told, however, what will be
the advantage of leaving these fieedmcn without
the protection of the military arm. During the
existence of military departments throughout the
country it is impossible that they can beiemoved
at any time from military surveillance, even if the
bill proposed by the committee on conference
should pass.
Now, sir, on the question of revenue I have
nothing to say. The chief objection offered by
the gernleman from Pennsylvania to the proposi-
tion was that it proposed to treat this subject as
a revenue question. Whether either bill be in-
cidentally a measure of revenue cannot, it seems
to me, be an important consideration,, if the pro-
visions are in accordance with justice and adapted
to promote the welfare of those for whom we are
seeking to provide. The objection that this bill
is a measure of revenue overlooks, it appears to
me, its chief merit. The true merit of the bill
seems to fee that it will do good, and that it will,
by the force that is now in the field, make that
good permanent, and secure to certain lessees of
the Government tenements to hold at will until
the President of the United States, in his wisdom, '
shall deem it time to make other provision for
that class sought to be provided for.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, I propose to oc-
cupy the attention of the House but a few minutea
in reply to some of the suggestions made by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs. I
desire that his vote shall be given for the measure
reported by the committee of conference, and £
give him notice, Mr. Speaker, that I expect htm
thus to vote. I do not believe that it will be in
his heart to refuse to vote in favor of this bill
because he desires that something more shall bo
accomplished.
What my friend has said in regard to refugees,
I do not propose to controvert. It may be that
the facts are all exactly as he states them. If at
a proper time the committee having charge of
this matter of freedmen had had an opportunity
to consider the question with regard to refugees,
that question would have been treated by them
with careful attention, and they would have been
piepaied to report upon it. What was referred
to them was the matter of freedmen, not because
it was a discrimination in favor of the black
against the white, but because the time had come
when, in the order of Providence, some legisla-
tion was demanded for those men.
It may be that legislation is also needed for the
white lefugees. Then let my friend vote with us
for this bill; so much will be gained; and when
the time shall come, if the gentleman from Ohio
will initiate supplemental legislation, he will find
nothing in my heart that will prevent me from
giving him such support as the character of his
bill may properly call for. But let us not destroy
all because we cannot now get all. It is perfectly
obvious that no change can be made in this re-
port. It must be adopted as a whole or it must
be rejected as a whole. Why shall wc run the
risk of doing nothing because, in the judgment
of some gentlemen upon this side of the House,
the bill docs not go far enough? No, sir; let us
care now for the fieedmcn, because that is the
subject immediately under consideration; and
when the time shall come we can act together in
caring also for those about whom my friend from
Ohio has interested himself.
The gentleman from Ohio has argued in favor
of placing the care of these freedmen in the hands
of the War Department. Well, Mr. Speaker, so
I have done myself; and there is very little that
has fallen from my distinguished friend with
which I would not agree. He forgets, however,
one or two difficulties. If this subject be now
committed to the care of the War Department,
there must be at once a collision and a conflict
between the War Department and the Treasury
Depaitment. The Tieasury Department now has
thecare of all the abandoned lands. If you put upon
the War Department the care of sufficient lands
for the use of the freedmen, you create at once
a collision between the agents and officers of the
Wai Department, who are seeking to protect the
freedmen, and the agents and employes of the
Treasury Department, who, under our legisla-
tion, are looking out for revenue for the Govern-
ment. Let me say to the gentleman that this
practical difficulty was one which,more than any
other, perhaps, induced me to believe that, situ-
ated as we now are, it would be better to separate
this subject for the time from both the War and
the Treasury Departments. Iam afiaid that, if
we should undertake to parcel out the lands,
giving to the War Department enough for the
freedmen and the Treasury Department the re-
mainder for revenue, it would be difficult to pre-
vent collision. This is the conclusion at which
the committee arrived, after much examination,
discussion, and deliberation.
But, Mr. Speaker, let me say to the gentleman
that it will be the easiest thing in the world to
