APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 6,
SmBth Cong.,..2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Eeps.
-tion of imposts, which were temporarily estab-
lished by the reciprocity treaty of the 5th June,
1854.
I desire, however, to b% understood, while mak-
ing this statement, that the colonial authorities of
Canada are not deemed to be intentionally unjust
or unfriendly toward the United States; but', on
the contrary, there is every reason to expect that,
with the approval of the imperial Government,
they will take the necessary measures to prevent
new incursions across the border.
The act passed at the last session for the en-
couragement of emigration has, so far as was pos-
sible, been put into operation. It seems to need
amendment which will enable the officers of the
Government to prevent the practice of frauds
against the immigrants while on their way, iind
on their arrival in the ports, so as to secure them
here a free choice of avocations and places of
settlement. A liberal disposition toward tliis
great national policy is manifested by most of the
European States,and ought to be reciprocated on
our pfiut by. giving" the immigrants t iiVctive tm-
tio.nsl protection. I regard our enngiants as one
o/ the principal replenishing streams winch ate
appointed by Providence to repair the ravages of
internal war, and its wastes of national strength
and health. All thatis necessary is to secure the
flow of that stream in its present fullness, and to
that end the Government must; in every way,
make it manifest that it neither needs nor designs
to impose in voluntary military service upon those
Tyho come from other lands to cast their lot in our
country.
The financial affairs of the Government have
been successfully administered dunng the last
year. The legislation of the last session of Con-
gress ha$ beneficially affected the revenues, al-
though sufficient time has not yet elapsed to ex-
perience the full effect of several of the provisions
of the acts of Congress imposing increased taxa-
tion.
The receipts during the year, from all sources,
upon the basis of warrants signed by the Secre-
tory'of the Treasury, including loans and the
balance in the Treasury on tlje 1st day of July,
1863, were $1,394,7,96)007 G2; and the aggregate
disbursements, upon the same basis, were
,298,056,101 89, leavinga balance in the Treas-
ury, as shown by warrants, of $06,H39,905 73.
Deduct from these amounts the amount of the
principal of the public debt redeemed, and the
amount of issues in substitution therelbr, and the
actual cash operations of the Treasury were: re-
ceipts, $8fS4,076,64657; disbursements, §865,234,-
Q87 86, which leaves a cash balance in the Treas-
ury of |18,§42,558 71.
Of the receipts, there were derived from cus-
toms §102,316,152 99; from lands, &588,333 29;
from direct taxes, #475,648 96; from internal reve-
nue, |109,741,13410; from miscellaneous sources,
$47,511,448 10; and from loans applied to actual
expenditures, including former balance, S623,443,-
929 13.
There ^vere disbursed, for the civil service,
$27,505,599 46; for pensions and Indians, §7,517,-
930 97; for the War Depai tinent, §690,791,842 97;
for the Navy Department, $85,733,292 77; fui in-
terest of the public debt, $53,685,421 69 —muking
aij aggregate of $865,234,087 86, and leaving a
balance in the Treasury of $18,842,558 71,us be-
fore stated.
For the actual receipts and disbursements for
the first quarter, and the estimated receipts and
disbursements for the three remaining quarters
of the current fiscal year, and the general opeia-
tions of the Tieasury in detail, 1 relcr you to the
report of the Secretary of the Tieasury. 1 con-
cur with him in the opinion that the propoition
o.f niot)ey.s, required to meet the expenses conse-
quent; typon the war derived from taxation should
De still further increased; and I earnestly invite
your attention to this subject, to the end that
there may be such additional legislation as shall
be required to meet the just expectations of the
Secretary.
The public debt on. the 1st day of July last, as
appears by the. books of the Treasury, amounted
to $1,740,690,489 49. Probably, should the war
continue for another year, that -amount may be
increased by not far from $500,000,000. Held as
it U, (jr U|<* most paj-t, by otir own people, it has
become a substantial branch of national, though
private, property. For obvious reasons, the more
nearly this property can be distributed arfiong all
the people the better. _ To favor such general dis-
tribution, greater inducements to become owners
"might; perhaps, 'with good effect and without in-
jury, be presented to persons of limited means.
Wnh this view, I suggest whether it might not
be "both competent and expedient for Congress to
provide that a limited amount of some future is-
sue of public securities might be held by any bona
fide purchaser exempt from taxation and from
seizure for debt, under such restrictions and lim-
itations as might be necessary to gutud against
abuse of so important a privilege. This would
enable every prudent person to set aside a small
annuity against a possible day of want.
Privileges; like these would render the posses-
sion of such securities, to the amount limited,
most desirable to every person of small means-,
who might be able to save enough for the pur-,
pose. The great advantage of citizens being cred-'
ltors as well as debtors, with relation to the pub-
lic debt, is obvious. Men readily perceive that
they cannot be much oppressed by a debt which
th£y owe to themselves.
The public debt on the 1st day of July last,
although somewhat exceeding the estimate of the
Secretary of the Treasury made to Congress at
the commenccmentof the last session, falls short
or the estimate of that officer made in the pre-
ceding December, as to its probable amount at the
beginnmgofthis year, by the sum of#3,995,09731.
This fact exhibits' a satisfactory condition and
.conduct of the operations of the Treasury.
The national banking system is proving to be
acceptable to capitalists and to the people. On
the25thday ofNovemberfivchundred and eighty-
four national banks had been organized, a con-
siderable nnmherof which were conversions from
State banks. Changes from State systems to the
national system are rapidly taking place, and it
is hoped that very soon there will be m the Uni-
ted States no banks of issue not authorized by
Congress, and no bank-note circulation not se-
cured by theGovernment. That theGovernmeut
ai)d the people will derive great benefit from this
change in the banking systems of the country can
hardly be questioned. The national system wiii
create a reliable and permanent influence m sup-
port of the national credit, and protect the people
against losses in the use of paper money.
Whether or not any further legislation is advis-
able for the suppression of State bank issues, it
will be for Congress to determine, Itseemsquite
clear that the Treasury cannot be satislactorily
conducted unless the Government can exercise a
lestiaining power over the bank-note circulation
of the country.
The repoi t of the Secretary of War and accom-
panying documents will detail the campaigns of
the armies in the field since the date of the last an-
nual message,and also the operations of the sev-
eral administrative bureaus of the War Depart-
ment during the last year. It will also specify the
measures deemed essential for the national de-
fense, and to keep up and supply the requisite
military force.
The report of the Secretary of the Navy pre-
sents a comprehensive and satisfactory exhibit of
the alhuis of that Department and of the naval
service, it is a subject of congratulation and laud-
able pride to our countrymen that a navy of such
vast pioportions has been organized in so brief a
period, and conducted with so much efficiency
and success.
The general exhibit of the Navy, including ves-
sels undir construction on the 1st of December,
1864, shows a total of 671 vessels,carrying4,610
guns, and of 510,396 tons, being an actual increase
during the y* ar, over and above all losses by ship-
wreck or in battle, of 83 vessels, 167 guns, and
42>427 tons.
The total number of men at this time in the
naval service, including officers, is about 51,000.
Theie have been captured by the Navy durtng
the year 324 vessels, and the whole number of
ndval captures since hostilities commenced is
1,379, of which 267 are steamers.
The gross proceedsarising from the sale of con-
demned prize property, thus far reported, amount
to #14,396,250 51. A large amount of such pro-
ceeds is still under adjudication, and yet to be re-
ported.
The total expenditures ofthe Navy Department
of every desciiption, including the cc c,t of the im-
mense squadrons that have been called into exist-
ence from the 4th of March, 1SG1, to the 1st of
November, 1864, are $238,647,262 35.
Your favorable consideration is invited to the
various recommendations of the Secretary of the
Navy, especially in regard to a navy-yard and
suitable establishment for the construction and
repair of iron vessels, and the machinery and arm*
ature for our ships, to which reference was made
in my last annual message. «
Your attention is also invited to the views ex-
piessedin the report in relation to the legislation
of Congress at its last session in respect to prize
on our inland waters.
1 cordially concur in the recommendation of the
Secretary as to the propiiety of creating the new
rank of vice admiral in our naval service.
Your attention is invited to the report of the
Postmaster General for a detailed account of the
operations and financial condition of the Post
Office Department.
The postal revenues for the year ending June
30, 1864, amounted to $12,438,353 78, t nd the
expenditures to $12,644,786 20; the excess of ex-
penditures over receipts being ^206,652 42.
The views presented by the Postmaster Gen-
eral on the subject ofspecial grants by the Govern-
ment m aid ofthe establishment of new lines of
ocean mail steamships and the policy he recom-
mends for the development of increased commer-
cial intercourse with adjacent and neighboring
countries, should receive the careful consideiation
of Congiess.
It is of noteworthy interest that the steady ex-
pansion of population, improvement,and govern-
mental institutions over the new and unoccupied
portions of our country has scarcely been checked,
much less impeded ordeshoyed, by ourgreatcivil
war, which at first glance would seem to have
absorbed almost the entire energies of the nation.
The organization and admission of the State of
Nevada has been completed in conformity with
law, and thus our excellent system is firmly es-
tablished in the mountains which once seemed a
barren and uninhabitable waste between the At-
lantic States and tiiose which have grown up on
the coast ofthe Pacific ocean.
The Territories ofthe Union are generally in a
condition of prosperity and rapid growth. Idaho
and Montana, by reason of their great distance
and the interruption of communication with them
by Indian hostilities, have been only partially or-
ganized; but it is understood that these difficulties
are about to disappear, which will permit their
governments, like those of the others, to go into
speedy and full operation.
As intimately connected with and promotive
of this material growth of the nation, I ask the
attention of Congress to the valuable information
and important recommendations relating to the
public lands, Indian affairs, the Pacific railroad,
and mineral discoveries contained in the report of
the Secretary of the Interior, which is herewith
transmitted, and which report also embraces the
subjects of patents, pensions, and other topics of
public inteiest pertaining to ins Department.
The quantity of public land disposed of during
the five quarters ending on the 30th of September
last was 4,221,342 acres, of which 1,538,614acres
were entered under the homestead law. The re-
mainder was located with military land warrants,
agricultural scrip certified to States for railroads,
and sold for cash. The cash received from sales
and location fees was $1,019,446.
The income from sales during the fiscal year
ending the 30th of June, 1864, was $678,007 21,
against $136,077 95 received during the preceding
year. The aggregate number of actes surveyed
during the year has been equal to the quantity
disposed of; and there is open to settlement about
133,000,000 acres of surveyed land.
The great entei pi isr of connecting the Atlantic
with the Pacific States by railwaysand telegraph
lines has been enteied upm with a vigor thatgives
assurance of success, notwithstanding the embar-
rassments arising from the prevailing high prices
of materials and labor. The route of the main
line of the road has been definitely located for one
