1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38th Cong..,.2d Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
hundred miles westward from the l.iuioi point at
Omaha City, Nebiuska, and a preliminary loca-
tion of the Pacific railroad of California has been
made from Sacramento eastward to the great bend
of the Truckee river in Nevada.
Numerous discoveries of gold, silver, and cin-
nabar mines have been added to the many here-
tofore known, and the country occupied by the
Sierra Nevada and Rocky' mountains, and the
subordinate ranges, now teents with enterprising
labor, which is richly remunerative. It is be-
lieved that the product of the mines of precious
metals iti that leg/on has, during the year, reached,
if not exceeded, one hundred millions in value.
It was recommended in.my last annual mes-
sage that our Indian system beiemodeled. Con-
gress, at its iast session, acting upon the rec-
ommendation, did provide for reorganizing the
system in California, and it is believed that under
the present urbanization the management of the
Indians there wilt be attended with reasonable
success. Much yet remains to be done to provide
for the proper governmentpf the Indians in other
parts of the country to render it secuie for the
advancing settler, and to pioviJc for the welfare
of the Indian. The Secretary reiterates his rec-
ommendations, and to them the attention of Con-
giess ks invited.
The libeial provisions made by Congress for
paying pensions to invalid soldiers and sailors of
the Republic, and to the widows,orphans, and de-
pendent mothers of those who have fallen in bat-
tle, or died of disease contracted or of wounds
received in the service wf their country, have been
diligently admmisteied. There have been added
to the pension rolls, during the year ending the
30th day of June last, the names of 16,770 in-
valid soldiers, and of 271 disabled seamen, making
the present number of Army invalid pensioners
22,767, and of Navy invalid pensionets 712.
Of widows, orphans, and mothers, 22,198 have
been placed on the Army pension roils, and 248
on the Navy rolls. The present number of A rmy
pensionets of this class is 25,433, and of Navy
pensioners 793. At thfe beginning of the year the
number of revolutionary pensioneis was 1,430;
only twelve of them were soldiers, of whom seven
have since died. The remainder are those who,
under the law, receive pensions because of rela-
tionship to revolutionary soldiers. During- the
year ending the 30th of June, 1864, $4,504,616 92
have been paid to pensioners of all classes.
I cheerfully commend toyour continued patron-
age the benevolent institutions of the District of
Columbia which have hitherto been established or
fostered by Congress, and respectfully tefer, for
information concerning them, and in relation to
the Washington aqueduct, the Capitol, and other
matters of local interest, to the report of the Sec-
retary.
The Agricultural Department, under the super-
vision of its present energetic and faithful head,
is rapidly commending itself to the gieat and vital
interest it was created to advance. It is pecu-
luuly the people's Department, in which they feel
more'directly concerned than in any other. 1 com-
mend it to the continued attention and fostering
care of Congress.
The war continues. Since thelastannual mes-
sage all the important lines and positions then
occupied by our forces have been maintained, and
our arms have steadily advanced; thus liberating
the regions left in the lear, so that Missouri, Ken-
tucky, Tennessee, and parts of other States have
again produced reasonably fair crops.
The most remarkable feature in the military
opeiations of the year is General Sherman's at-
tempted march of three hundred miles directly
through the insurgent region, it tends to show
a great increase ot our relative stiength that our
Greneral-in-Cinef should feel able to confront and
hold in check every active force of the enemy, and
yet to detach a well appointed large army to move
on such an expedition. The result not ye t being
known, conjecture in regard to it is not here in-
dulged.
Important movements have also occurred dur-
ing the year to the effect of molding society for I
durability in the Union. Although short of com- ]
plete success, it is much m the ng at direction, that
twelve thousand eitizeus m each of the States of ^
Arkansas and Louisiana have organized loyal I
State governments, with free constitutions, and
are earnestly struggling to maintain and adminis-
ter them. The movements in the same*direciion,
more extensive, though less definite,in Missouri,
Kentucky, and Tennessee, should not be over-
looked. But Maryland presents the example of
complete succcss. Maryland is secure to Liberty
and Union for all the future. The genius of re-
bellion will no more claim Maryland. Like
another foul spirit, being driven outfit may seek
to tear her, but it will woo her no more.
At the last session of Congress a proposed
ameudmentof the Constitution,abolishing slavery
thioughout the United States, passed the Senate,
but failed for lack of the requisite two-thirds vote
in the Ilonse of Representatives. Although the
present is the same Congress, and nearly the same
members, and withoutquestioning the wisdom or
patriotism of those who stood in opposition, I
venture to recommend the reconsideration and
passage of the measure at the present session. Of
course the abstract question is not changed; but
an intervening election shows, almost certainly,
that the next Congress will pass the measure if
this does not. Hence there is only a question of
time as to when the proposed .amendment will go
to the Slates for their action. And as it is so to
go, at all events, may we not agree that the sooner
the better? It is not claimed that the election has
imposed a duty on members to change their views
or their votes, any further than, as an additional
element to be considered, their judgment niay be
affected by it. It is the voice of the people now,
for the fust time, heard upon the question. In a
great national crisis like ours, unanimity of
action among those seeking a common end is
very desirable—almost indispensable. And yet
no approach to such unanimity is attainable un-
less some deference shall be paid to the will of
the majority simply because it is the will of the
majoiity. In this case the common end is the
maintenance of the Union; and, among the means
to secure that end, such will, through the election
is most clenrly declaied in favor of such consti-
tutional amendment.
The most reliable indication of public purpose
in this country is derived through our popular
elections. Judging by the recent canvass and its
result, the purpose of the people, within the loyal
States, to maintain the integrity of the Union,
was never more firm, nor more nearly unani-
mous, than now. The extraordinary calmness
and good order with which the millions of voters
met and mingled at the polls, give strong assur-
ance of this. Not only all those who supported
the Union ticket, so called, but a great majority
of the opposing party also, may be fairly claimed
to entertain and to be actuated by the same pur-
pose. It is an unanswerable argument to this
effect, that no candidate fur any office whatever,
high or low, has ventuied to seek votes on the
avowal that lie was for giving up the Union.
There have been much impugning of motives,
and much heated controxersy as iro the piopei
means and best mode of advancing the Union
cause; but on the distinct issue of Union or no
Union the politicians have shown their instinct-
ive knowledge that there is no diversity among
the people. In affording the people the fair op-
portunity of showing, one to another and to the
world, this firmness and unanimity of purpose,
the election has been of vast value to the national
cause.
The election has exhibited another fact notless
valuable to be known—the fact that we do not ap-
proach exhaustion in the most important branch
of national resources—thatof living men. While
it is melancholy to reflect that the war has filled
so many graves and carried mourning to somftny
hearts, it is some relief to know that, compared
with the surviving, the fallen have been so few.
While corps and divisions and brigades andregi-
ments have formed and fought and dwindled and
gone outof existence, agreat majority of the men
who composed them are still living. The same is
true of the naval service. The election returns
piove this. So many voters could not else be
found. The States regularly holding elections
both now and four yeats ago, to wit: California,
Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa,
Kentucky, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts,
Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, New Hamp-
shire, New Jersey, New Yoik, Ohio, Oregon,
Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont, West
Virginia, and Wisconsin, cast 3,982,011 votes
now against 3,870,222 cast then, showing an ag-
gregate now of 3,982,011. To this is to be added
33,762 cast now in the new States of Kansas and
Nevada, which States did riot vote m I860, thus
swelling the aggregate to 4,015,773 and the net in-
crease during the three years and a halfof war to
145,551. A table is appended showing particu-
lars. To this again should be added the number
of all soldiers in the field from Massachusetts,
Rhode island, New Jersey, Delaware, Indiana,
Illinois, and California, who by the laws of those
States could not vote away from their homes,and
which number cannot be less than 90,000. Nor
yet is this all. The number in organized Terri-
tories is triple now what it was four years ago,
while thousands, white and black, join us as the
national aims press back the insutgent lines. So
much is shown affirmatively and negatively by
the election, it is not material to inquire how the
increase has been produced or to show that it
would have been greater but for the war, which is
probably true. The important fact remains dem-
onstrated that we have more men now than we had
when the war began; that we are not exhausted
nor in process of exhaustion; that we are gaining
strength and may, if need be, maintain the contest
indefinitely. This as to men. Material resources
are now more complete and abundant than ever.
The national resources', then, are unexhausted,
and, as we believe, inexhaustible. The public
purpose to reestablish and maintain the national
authority is unchanged, and, as we believe, un-
changeable. The manner of continuing the effort
remains to choose. On careful consideration of
all the evidence accessible, it seems to me that no
attempt at negotiation with the msuigent leader
could result m any good. lie would accept
nothing short of seveiance of the Union—pre-
cisely what we will not and cannot give. His
decorations to this effect are explicit and oft re-
peated. He does not attempt to deceive us. He
affords us no excuse to deceive ourselves. He
cannot voluntarily reaccept the Union; we can-
not voluntarily yield it. Between him and us the
issue is distinct, simple, and inflexible. It is an
issue which can only be tried by war, and de-
cided by victory, if we yield, we are beaten; if
the southern people fail him, he is beaten. Kuher
way, it would be the victory and defeat following
war. What is true, however, of him who heads
the insurgent cause is not necessarily true of
those who follow. Although he cannotreaccept
the Union, they can. Some of them, we know,
already desne peace and reunion. The number
of such may increase. They can at any mo-
ment have peace simply by laying down their
arms and submitting to the national authority
under the Constitution. After so much, the Gov-
ernment could not, if it would, maintain war
against them. The loyal people would not sus-
tain or allow it. If questions should iemain,we
would adjust them by the peaceful means of
legislation, conference, courts, and votes, operat-
ing only in constitutional and lawful channels.
Some certain, and other possible, questions are,
and would be, beyond the executive power to
adjust; as, for instance, the admission of mem-
bers into Congress, and whatever might require
the appropriation of money. The executive
power itself would be greatly diminished by the
cessation of actual war. Pardons and remissions
of forfeitures, however, would still he within ex-
ecutive control. In what spirit and temper this
control would be exercised can be fairly judged
of by the past.
A year ago general pardon and amnesty, upon
specified terms, were offered to all,except certain
designated classes; and it was, at the same time,
mude known that the excepted classes were still
within contemplation of special clemency. Dur-
ing the yeai many availed themselves of the gen-
eial piovision, and many more would, only that
the signs of bad faith income, led to such precau-
tionary measures as rendeied the practical process
less easy and certain. During the same time also
special pardons have been granted to individuals
of the excepted classes, and no voluntary appli-
cation has been denied. Thus, practically, the
door has been, fora full year, open to all, except
