APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 5,
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & IIo. of Eeps.
such as were not in condition to make free choice
—time is, such as were in custody or under con-
straint. it is still so open to all. But the time may
come—probably will come—when public duty
shall demand that it be closed; and that,-in lieu,
more rigorous measures than heretofore shall be
adopted.
In presenting the abandonment of armed resist-
ance to the national authority on the part of the
insurgents as the only indispensable condition to
ending the war on the part of the Government, I
retract nothing heretofore said as to slavery. I
repeat the declaration made a year ago, that
"whileI remain in my present position I shall not
attempt to retract or modify the emancipation
proclamation, nor shall I return to slavery any
person who is free by the terms of that proclama-
tion, or by any of the acts of Congress." If the
people should, by whatever mode or means, make
it an executive duty to reenslave such persons,
ahother, and not I, must be their instrument to
perform it.
In stating a single condition of peace, I mean
simply to say that the war will cease on the part
of theGovernmomt whenever it shall have ceased
on the part of those who began it.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
December 6, 1864.
Table showing the J3 segregate Votes in the States named, at
the J?)e$idential Election respectively in 1860 and 1864.
1860. 1864.
California  318,840 *110,000
Connecticut  77,246 86561G
£>«•!,iwnie  16.039 16,9*24
tiJuiixa  339,693 348,235
Indiana—   272,143 280^45
Iowa  128,331 143,331
Kentucky  146,016 *01,300
Maine  97,918 115J41
Maryland  92.502 72,703
  169,533 175,487
Michigan  154,747 160.413
MmneMit.'i  34,799 42,534
Missouri  165,538 *90,000
Now liiunp^hue   65.953 69,111
New Jeisey  321,123 128,680
Nnvv York  675,156 730,664
Ohm  442,441 470,745
Oregon  14,410 f 14,410
Pennsylvania  476,442 572,697
jUiodo Wuncl  19,931 22,187
Vei inonl  42.8M 55,811
W<.st Vicuna  4(i,l95 33 874
Wisconsin  152,180 148,513
3,870,222 3,982,011
Kansas  17,234
Nuvmiu  ] 6,528
—   33,762
Tout!....,  4,015,773
* Nearly. f Estimated.   
Keport of the Secretary of the Navy.
Navy Department, December 5, 1864.
Sir: In submitting' the annual report of the
transactions of this Departmcntuud of the Navy,
with those of the several bureaus for the year, it
affords me pleasure to assure you that the condi-
tion of affairs is satisfactory, and that the disci-
pline and efficiency of the service continue to be
faithfully maintained. After many years of peace
and comparative inactivity, the officers and sailors
of our Wavy were suddenly called to the perform-
ance of extraordinary and exacting duties, and,
during nearly four years of exhausting civil war,
they have manifested theirattachmentto the Union
and their fidelity to the national flag by rigidly en-
forcing a gigantic blockade of our coast, by vigi-
lantly patrolling the great national rivers of the
interior, and by a succession of ocean and coast-
wise expeditions, achievements which have not
only added, to our naval renown but greatly pro-
moted our national integrity and strength.
"When the change of administration took place
in March, 1861, the war had already been vir-
tually began—the forts, and arsenals, and custom-
houses, and mints,-and navy-yards, and national
property within the rebel States had been seized
without resistance. The^etiring Administration
manifested its inability to assert the national au-
thority, and its disinclination to vindicate the
national supremacy, tmd closed its term,and that
of the Thirty-Sixth Congress, without any pre-
paratory measures for the tremendous convulsion
which was even then shaking the Union to its
center and threatening our existence as a nation.
In six weeks after I had entered upon the ad-
ministration of this Department, a blockade, ex-
tending over more than three thousand five hun-
dred miles of our coast, was ordered; and for this
stupendous work, pronounced to be impracticable
by the highest foreign authorities, we had a feeble
Navy, reduced to the lowest peace establishment,
composed largely of sailing vessels, most of which
were dismantled or dispersed abroad. Of the
limited number of seamen authorized by law,
only about two hundred were available at all our
naval stationsand receiving ships. Manyof the
officers became demoralized and deserted. In this
enfeebled condition, without men, or ships, or
ordnance, or resources placed at its disposal, the
Department was called upon to establish and en-
force the most extensive blockade that was ever
undertaken to'be effectually maintained by any
nation.
To make available every naval vessel, to recall
our foreign squadrons, to increase our force by
building new vessels, and by procuring for naval
purposes, from the merchant service, every
steamer which could be made a fighting vessel, to
enlarge at once the capacity of the navy-yards,
to putin requisition thefounderies and workshops
of the country for supplies of ordnance and steam
machinery, to augment the number of seamen,
and to supply the deficiency of officers by select-
ing experienced and able shipmasters and others
from the commercial marine, were among the im-
portant and responsible duties which were pre-
cipitated upon the Department at that exciting
and interesting period.
The measures promptly and energetically
adopted caused an immense navy to spring into
existence, not to carry on a maritime war,for the
rebels had no navy to stimulate our sailors to
glorious deeds, nor commerce to reward their ac-
tivity; but men, and ships, and ordnance, and
supplies were speedily collected for the onerous
naval duties needful to sustain our national unity
and preserve our national rights.
Besides instituting the extensive blockade of the
coast, naval expeditions were organized at the
earliest possible period to assert and restore the
national authority at important points within the
insurrectionary region. The first of these expe-
ditions was organized and sailed from Hampton
Roads in August, under the command of Rear
Admiral Stringham,and resulted in the capture of
Hatteras, and was the first reconquest of a strong
position which was effected on our coast. This
was followed a few weeks later by the victory of
Rear Admiral Du Pont at Port Royal, which se-
cured a commodious harbor for the ships of the
South Atlantic squadron. The achievements on
the lower Mississippi, where Rear Admiral Farra-
gut dashed open the gates of the passage to New
Orleans, and restored to the Union the commercial
metropolis of the South, were accomplished the
following spring. Those three important expe-
ditions, comprising, in each case, a larger fleet than
had ever been fitted out on this continent, and two
of them seldom surpassed in naval'annals, were
planned, organized, and carried into execution in
the first year of the war, in addition to an immense
blockade, which was at the same time so vigilantly
and rigorously enforced that the rebels even then
felt and complained of its exhausting severity.
Other harbors and places have from time to time
been seized and occupied, the last being the bay
of Mobile and the fortifications at its entrance, ef-
fected by the same distinguished officer who had
thrown open the lower Mississippi to uninter-
rupted navigation two years before. Nor have the
prowessand skill of our Navy in tliis unhappy con-
test, involving the integrity of the Union and our
national supremacy, been felt upun the seaboard
alone. On our inland waters, at Port Henry, at
Donelson, at Shiioh, at Island No. 10, at Mem-
phis, at Arkansas Post, at Vicksburg, at Port
Hudson, and at almost every important place on
the Mississippi, the Cumberland, the Tennessee,
and other rivers of the Southwest, the Navy has
been active in reestablishing the national author-
ity. A fleet of more than one hundred vessels
has been put afloat on those waters, and most of
them are now patrolling those rivers in the na-
tional cause.
It has been the policy of this Department, rigidly
adhered to under all circumstances, and from
which it has not allowed itself to be diverted, never
to permit the efficiency of the blockade to be im-
paired during these domestic troubles. Hence no
large squadrons have been maintained on foreign
stations. Cruisers and men-of-war have been sent
out or ordered to important points to protect
American interests, and capture or destroy the few
predatory rovers yhich from time to time have
ventured abroad to depredate on our commerce.
THE BLOCKADE.
The blockade of a coast line of three thousand
five hundred and forty-nine miles in length, greater
in extent than the whole coast of Europe from
Cape Trafalgar to Cape North, is an undertaking
without precedent in history. During our last
war with Great Britain, when that Power had eight
hundred naval vesselsincommission,nota single
port of the United States was thoroughly closed.
The most serious attempts of the great maritime
Powers have consisted in endeavors to interdict
trade at a few of the principal ports of a belligerent.
Immediately after closing the ports of the States
in rebellion, and giving that act the character of
a blockade, the efforts of this Department were
directed toward securing several harbors at com-
paratively equidistant points, as bases of opera-
tions for the several squadrons, where our naval
vessels could receive their supplies and maintain
themselves at their stations and on their cruising
ground, without returning to northern ports for
repairs and refitments. To have done this would
not only have endangered the efficiency, but in
some instances might have involved an abandon-
mentof the blockade. To this end there were set
on foot various coast expeditions which have re-
sulted in our taking possession of or closing all
the ports excepting Wilmington. From various
causes,Cape Fear river is more difficult to blockade
than any port on the coast of the United States.
The two main entrances are forty miles apart, and
these two are subdivided into several others, each
of which affords an entrance to vessels. The
water shoals graduallyand regularly to the shore
line, and numerous isolated batteries are erectcd
along the coast, so that a blockade runner of light
draught is not under the necessity of making
directly for the entrance, but can, by the lead, run
close under the land protected by the barieries,
and pass in over the bar at leisure. When coming
out,asteamer willselectherown time, thussecur-
ing every advantage, and she can pass either up
or down the coast before making an offing, or she
may proceed straight out to sea, trusting for her
escape to the night and favoring darkness and
mists, and the fact that she is under full speed,
while the steamers blockading must have low
steam.
Almost every vessel employed in violating the
blockade has been constructed in England with
great skill, regardless of cost, and with sole refer-
ence to engaging in this illicit trade, the pro'fits of
which are almost as remunerative as those attend-
ing the slave trade, a kindred traffic, that all Chris-
tendom discountenances, and the most powerful
maritime nations have' combined in vain to sup-
press; yet the slave trade is carried on within
limits which measure but a fraction of our ex-
tended blockade. The cupidity of English mer-
chants, aided by their vast resources, together
with the advantages derived from those triangular
depots of blockade runners and of rebel supplies
—the ports of Halifax, Bermuda, and Nassau,
ports which will always be in sympathy with the
enemies of this country—has induced them to en-
gage in this trade. The illicit traffic with the
rebels, who are making war upon our Govern-
ment, belongs to that code of commercial rfforals
which prompted the smuggling of opium into
China, and the rule of those who engage in it is
to trade, legally or illegally. If it be illegal, it is
the business of the Chinese and Americans, not
of Englishmen, to prevent it.
Many who have failed to make themselves ac-
quainted with the facts connected with the Wil-
mington blockade have been free and severe in
their censures of the manner in which it has been
conducted. The intelligent officers of the naval
and merchant service who have labored with un-
tiring zeal and assiduity, and watched with sleep-
