696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
#?en with this duty levied upon it the price can-
not bo kept up. The losses already entailed
upon manufacturers and the owners of cotton
goods by the recent decline in the price of cotton
have been large, and theduty will at least check a
still further too rapid decline in price, while the
amount manufactured for exportation, though not
large, will in no degree be checked. When we
reflect that this American raw material sustains a
much larger population by ita manufacture abroad
than it does here at heme, no one will feel disposed
to cripple the comparatively small amount of for-
eign trade it now enjoys.
But, it will be asked, will raw cotton bear this
duty and still be exported ? The cotton famine has
increased the price four or five times its former cur-
rent rate, and yet, notwithstanding this enormous
stimulus to all the cotton lands of the world, the
Frice is still extravagantly high. The crop of
ndia for 1865 is expected to be less than that of
1864, and that from Egypt, always more or less
uncertain, will be no greater. There is no cot-
ton, with the single exception of that of Egypt,
which competes at all with even the "New Or-
leans middling,n and none whatever which com-
petes with the Sea Island cotton. 1 do not think
the duty would comeoutof the American planter
if exacted, and not returned when exported, and 1
am the more convinced that this will prove so as
the rebel Congress have imposed an export duty
on cotton of twenty cents per pound—not much,
to be sure, if paid in their currency—which they
would not do if they did not suppose they were
making the foreign purchaser pay the duty.
Then it is to be paid in com. There is no ar-
ticle at its value so readily exchangeable for coin
as cotton, and it will always be so. The duty is
not so high as to prevent traffic. It will still cir-
culate as an article of commerce; and it is not
improvident to provide in time for an accession
of means to pay the interest on such bonds,now
bearing interest in currency,as may be within
three years converted into specie-paying bonds.
This will serve to fortify these securities, and place
them beyond the reach of any peril arising from
any possible fluctuations of the tariff, our mam re-
liance for continuing .specie payments of interest.
The amount of cotton in the southern States is
now at least three million bales, and probably
more. Very little of this ran now be expected
to run the blockade. The British, according to
some estimates I have seen, expect to obtain only
sixty thousand bales of this. We can probably
furnish them with more. Most of it, early or
late, can be made to pay tribute to our tax col-
lectors, and no article deserves their hug more
cordially, if we could realize the tax on the
•whole it would amount to over $75,000,000. In
quiet times of peace, on the ordinary annual pro-
duction, we might safely count upon a revenue
from this source of not less than thirty-five to
forty millions, whatever it may be now. But the
amount of the duty we shall realize now will cer-
tainly be considerable.
Without reducing the duty on refined petro-
leum, the Committee of Ways and Means pro-
pose to place a duty on crude petroleum, and do
not propose any drawback whatever when ex-
ported. Jt is believed that this marvelous pro-
duction is found almost exclusively m the United
States, and, for illuminating purposes, its cheap-
ness and purity is unsurpassed by anything
known in commerce. Without sounding its
praises,it appears to beourduty,asthatof many
others, to strike oil, and we have done so at the
rate of six ccnts per gallon. This will be, in-
cluding the present duty of twenty cents on re-
fined, equal to twenty-eight or twenty-nine cems
per gallon, and even then, at its maiket price, it
will be, next to the sun, the most economical
light in the world.
The amount of our exports to all parts of the
"world ill 1864 was 31,121,791 gallons, having
largely increased since 1862 and 1863. Notwith-
standing this increase of exports, the consump-
tion has not tarried behind, as the stock on hand
in London and Liverpool on the 1st of January,
1865, was not more than one third of the amount
on hand and unsold the year before. To show
how firmly established this new article of com-
merce abroad iias already become, I will give
some extracts from a recant circular of a large
mercantile house m Liverpool. They say:
"Tbe home consumption liaa steadily increased, and is
even now considered far s-hortof what it will ultimately be-
come, the more sons genuine petroleum ha* !>een found to b«
but mo->t slightly affected by the various coal oils that have
been daily introduced, but lias maintained its frupeiiority
in all particulars to a mo^t marked degree. The fluctua-
tions in pi ice, as compared with last year, have been un-
important. Still speculation has been carried on to an even
greater extent than hitherto, and as the at tide is daily find-
ing mcroasod favor, operations of still larger magnitude may
yet be expected; the market to-day (Januaiy 1,18t>o) is
very fiim." * * * * "Thchomecon&umption
of crude oil lias not increased in propoition to that of re-
fined, the manifest advantages enjoyed by the Americans
m lelining enabling them to produce a fine oil at a price
quite dispioportionate to that tor which ucan be manufac-
tured heie, and consequently the Butidh refiners have for
the most part closed their works; the smallness of present
stocks, however, causes firmness on the part of holders."
I have no doubt these statement are truly made,
and if so, the American refiners will have no ap-
prehension of any permanently unfavorable effect
on their trade by the bill now before the commit-
tee. It is plain that coal oil, and nothing else,
competes with refined petroleum,and that British
refiners give up the contest as against the superior
advantages of the Americans.
It is proposed to add to the duties now levied,
in the section embracing manufactures, one fifth;
so that where the rate id now five per cent, ad va-
lorem, it will hereafter be six per cent., making
exceptions of such articles as might not be able
to bear the tax. If any such articles, in order to
sustain this burden, shall require an increase of the
tariff in proportion, such increase will hereafter
be proposed; but it is not believed that so small
an increase will render this needful m many cases.
It is to be borne in mind that taxes of this kind
on manufactuies can only be defended by the
necessities of the day, as each addition lessens the
power on the part of the people for consumption,
and do not, like duties on imports,give any com-
pensation by an impetus to the industry of the
country. As legislators at this cutical period in
our history, i think it indispensable to our suc-
cess in the great contest now going on, that we
should see to it with the most earnest solicitude,
that every man, every machine, every engine, and
every mill is kept constantly and profitably em-
ployed*. The capital expended in war is gone
forever, and unless the productivcencigies of the
country are skillfully and properly directed to a
daily repair of this waste, we shall at the close
find the people irretrievably impoverished. To-
day the universal employment of our people is a
leverage that would give us the preponderance
though the rebels were our equals in numbers.
Our people know how to work, are willing to
work, and we should give them a fair chance to
work. In all these respects we possess great
advantages over our foes. Let us maintain this
as at once our staff and rod.
The income tax, intiinsically the most just of
all taxes, is yet one extremely difficultof adjust*
rnent and collection. The fault found with our
piesent law is that too many large incomes par-
tially escape which ought to contribute more
fully. Every man would be content, provided
his neighbor paid his just proportion. This we
have attempted to remedy by providing that in
all cases returns shall be made under oath, and
that even then this shall not be final unless the
assessor shall be satisfied of their correctness.
We also propose that all incomes over $3,000
shall be assessed at ten per cent. Some other
modifications will also appear.
Notwithstanding the recent enactment of our
law and the sudden repetition of the tax last year,
less complaint, it is believed, has been made about
it than is constantly made about the income tax
iri Great Britain,though they have had long years
of experience and their law has received number-
less modifications. An able British writer upon
the subject of taxation, Sir Morton Peto, as late
as 1863, asserts of the income tax, that " the
tax has carried with it every sort of grievance,
trouble, vexation,annoyance, heart-burning,and
strife." Our income tax is doubtless regarded as
a heavy burden, but no such sweeping charges
have been made against it. There will always be
difficulty in ascertaining the actual income of
reluctant tax-payers, and these will be sufficient
in number to form a respectable company of
growleis. I do not argue that our law is perfect,
by any means. It it wore to remain a permanent
feature among our statutes, I should urge, as
the basis of the ascertainment of every person's
income, the adoption of apian by which to get at
the actual amount of property held by such person
over and above all indebtedness. This was the
principle arrived at by Mr. Hume, in 1851,as the
chairman of a parliamentary committee of fifteen,
after a very elaborate investigation of the subject.
None other appears to me either theoretically or
practically more just. By such a plan we should
not tax accumulations until they were made. A
person may hold a vastamountof property yield-
ing no present income, but which it may be very
profitable to hold. Whatever it may be profitable
to hold, or a privilege to hold, whether it be mer-
chandise or stocks, lands or houses, mines or
ships, horses or plate, cattle or anything else,
should be subject to the same rule. This would
be essentially a property tax, and the facts could
be obtained with more absolute certainty. If this
were the rule, the man with a large fortune but
who lives a drone, without making his property
productive, would not escape with paying a less
tax than his more active neighbor, who, with lit-
tle capital, and borrowing more, bestirs himself
to leave the world better than he found it, and
does not bury his talent in a napkin.
But it will be time enough when the rebellion
shall be ended to speculate upon a system of tax-
ation by which our public debt shall be gradually
extinguished,-and by which the more rigid forms
of equity shall be carried out.
Upon the subject of taxing leaf tobacco tho
Committee of Ways and Means have spent much
time in hearing the views of those engaged in its
production and manufacture and of exports from
various parts of the country, and became satisfied
that it would be better to rely upon our present
lawa, with some important changes, than to try
a newexperiment at great cost and with no result
so certain as that it would prove a great annoy-
ance and hinderance to the producer. Thecollec-
tionof dutieson manufactured tobacco,snuff,and
cigars, is even now far more satisfactory than it
was a few months ago. With a more rigid en-
forcement of the penalties, and with the amend-
ments now offered, it is not seen why the duties
on these articles may not be collected as well as
upon any otheis, save that the temptation of high
duties always induces more or less fraud. Tho
different rates heretofore exacted upon cigars
have been thesouiceof systematic evasions,and
now a moderate duty, intended to be about ten
dollars per thousand, or one cent on each cigar,
is provided for by fixing the duty at sixty cents
per pound. In addition to this all cigars are to
be boxed and inspected. It is believed that ail
parties will prefer to pay the duties now pro-
posed rather than to run the risk of neglect, re-
fusal, or fraud.
There are two printed amendments for which
neither the Committee of Ways and Means nor
myself are responsible. 1 mean that relating to
banks, and that placing a tax on sales. Other
gentlemen will offer them at the proper time, and
it is enough for me to say that it appears that
some further legislation as to the tax on banks is
desirable. What that shall be will of course be
for the House to determine.
Upon the other question, however, I feel com-
pelled to say that a tax on sales has not appeared
to me any more expedient now than when it was
broached here three years ago. There are many
gentlemen here and throughout the country for
whose judgment 1 entertain the gieatest respect,
who seem to regard the question with favor, and
it has the recommendation of that important offi-
cer at the present time, the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue. It may be that the only way to
satisfy us advocates of the impolicy of this meas-
ure will be to test it. I feel certain, if adopted,
that the first thing our constituents would de-
mand at the next session would be its repeal.
Taxes, to be tolerated at all, should be equal.
If taxes were placed upon sales, then those liv-
ing near the places of production would have ad-
vantages not available to those remote, m addi-
tion to the less cost of freight. The merchandise,
foreign or domestic, from the Atlantic coast, be-
fore it reaches the Mississippi passes through tho
hands of many owners, and according to the the-
ory of taxing sales its cost would be increased at
each successive transfer. So a barrel of flour,
from fc)t. Louis or Chicago, before it reaches Now
York is often boughtand sold a half dozen times.
The tax would be cumulative, and the internal
commerce of our country, always free until now,
