APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE!
[December 5,
38th Cons. ... 2b Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Rei>s.
attempts, the efforts were for a time almost en-
tirely discontinued.
Charleston and Savannah, besides being among
the best defended points on the Atlantic coast, pos-
sess- mivantages for a navy, on which the insur-
gent leaders felt much reliance in the early days
of the rebellion. There they have had armored
vessels, and rams, and torpedo-boats, or "Davids"
and "Divers,"'elements witKNvhich they threat-
ened to achieve success over the open warfare of
the naval forces of the Union. Charleston, dis-
affected Without cause, and aspiung without en-
terprise, having, after long and peisistent efforts,
succeeded inseducmg others to engage,with her in
assailing the national Government, and attempt-
ing a dismemberment of the Union, fails to become
either a naval or commercial emporium. She has
dragged down others without elevating herself,
and is fast becoming a waste.
No formidable independent operations, in the
form of naval conflicts, have been made by the
squadron during the year. A steady, unrelenting
blockade has been rigidly enforced, with no at-
tractive and exciting incidents, but which has been
effective and exhausting upon the rebels.
In February a dctachment of vessels was. sent
to the St. John's river to aid a military force in-
tended to be thrown into Florida. Rear Admiral
Dahlgren accompanied the expedition m person,
saw the proper cooperative arrangements made,
and assigned an adequate naval force, whic^i is
holding possession of all points 011 the St. John's*
occupied by our Army, in Match a diversion was
made at Bull's bay. In May a force was detailed
to cooperate in an effort to sever the railroad be-
tween Chaileston and Savannah. A detachment
of iron-eluds crossed Siono bar in July to assist
General Foster in a demonstration upon theiebel
works on Stono river and James island. Rear
Admiral Dahlgren conducted the naval force in
person. In these and other military movements
the Navy has been ai waysaetive and ready to ex-
tend cordial cooperation to every At rny operation.
In Febiuary permission wasgiveu to Rear Ad-
miral Dahlgren to leave his squadron in command
of Commodore S. C. Rowan. On resuming his
duties in May, he found that General Gilunore
had been called, with the greater part of his army,
to another field,leaving behind, hosvever, a i-uiii-
cient defensive force when sustained by theNavy,
The withdrawal of so large a portion of the mil-
itary force necessarily put a stop to further seri-
ous demonstration against Charleston.
The retention of the harbor, as well as the en-
tire safety of that coast, depended thenceforward
mainly on the iron-clads. They were indispen-
sable for the continued possession of Morns island
b.y our troops,and they could not have been with-
drawn without putting in jeopaidy the blockading
fleet which, as well as the land force, wouldhave
been assailed by the armored rebel vessels. The
capability of the monitors to hold position off
Morris Island had been controverted by the for-
mer intelligent commander of the squadron, who
denied us practicability, and had deemed it his
duty in June, 1863, to enter a protest against it.
His representations, with those of the officers
therfin command of the iron-clads, that those ves-
sels could not remain off the harbor, nor nearer
to that point than Noith Edisto, with other sug-
gested difficulties, caused the Depaitmentto con-
sider well its purpose before carrying out the
original order, that the monitors should remain
inside the bar and off Morris Island, as the only
effectual method of entirely closing the port, and
making any further demonstrations.
The views of the Department were sustained
by other naval officers of judgment and ability.
Younger officers also made a voluntary tender of
their services, as well as some of those who had
doubted, each offering to take the risks which the
great stake justified; while the sailors, always
ready for any service or to encounter any hard-
ship, imitated and emulated their example.
The result has been that Rear Admiral Dahl-
gren has kept these vessels for seventeen months
where it was insisted they could not remain, to
the great injury of the original seat of the rebellion.
The work has been irksome and laborious, un-
remunerativc, and perhaps not sufficiently appre-
ciated, for it has been quiet and undemonstrative,
without thqse occasional captures which,.be fore
taking possession of. the harbor, enlivened and
rewarded the officers and crews.
intelligence that the rebels-were strengthening
Fort Sumter, building bomb-proofs, and mount-
ing heavy guns on the channel faces, Jed Rear
Admiral Dahlgren eaily in the summer to enter-
tain the thought of attacking that fortification and
attempting the passage with his irori-clads. It
was a question of great responsibility, for the as-
sault, if made, would draw upon the vessels the
concentrated fire of many powerful batteries; he
therefore called a council of his officers m com-
mand, and,after a full discussion, a large majority
deemed it, under the ciicumstances, unadvisable.
It was consequently abandoned.
Several creditable incursions have been made
at various points within the limits of this com-
mand, resulting in the discomfiture of the rebels.
Details ofthese,agofthose of theothersquadrons,
are appended to this report. Occasional assaults
have been made upon our vessels off Charleston
by torpedo-boats, and in one instance with suc-
cess, by sinking the steam sloop-of-war Housa-
tonic, but fortunately with little loss of life.
north atlantic squadron.
Thenumberof vessels and officers and men em-
ployed in the Noifh Atlantic squadron exceeds
that of any othei, and its importance is certainly
not loss. In addition to blockading the only re-
maining port of commercial intercourse in the
rebel States, on this squadron has devolved the
duty of guarding and holding possession of the
great inland waters of North Caiol'na and Vir-
ginia, and an extensive cooperation with the armies
which are threatening Richmond and its vicinity.
In order to Secure the most thorough and effi-
cient discharge ofduty that is possible in every de-
panment of tins .squadron, and especially that of
(he blockade off Wiiining'on, Acting Rear Ad-
miral L^e, by direction of the D< p'srtment, estab-
lished lour divisions of hie squadron, namely : one
on James river, one in the sound*.of Noith Caioh-
na,and two offCape Fear and adjacent inlets, each
of which was placed under an experienced officer,
and Acting Rear Admiral Lee removed his head-
quarters in July from Hampton Roads to Beau-
fort.
For some months previous to May hist the rebels
had been left in quiet possession of James nvei
for a considerable distance below Richmond, but
the progress of the Potomac army towaid the
rebel capital was ihe signal for active operations
in another quarter. On the 5th of May *lajor
General Butler moved his army from Newport
News, under convoy of a naval force which had
been assembled for the purpose, up James river,
and made the following ni^hr a successful landing
at Bermuda Hundred and City Point. The move-
ment was quietly performed,and the landing was
promptly effected. The absence of a military or
naval force on thejames river had been improved
by the rebels to plant m ks bed formidable torpe-
does, by which two of the light-draught boats
were destroyed.
From the landing of the army of the James m
May, a naval force competent to meet the armored
vessels and rams of the insurgents, had they made
a demonstration, has been maintained on the up-
per waters of the James. On various occasions
sharp but brief engagements have occurred be-
tween our vessels and the rebel batteries forming
the defense of Richmond.
The naval force had anticipated an encounter
with the rebel fleet which had been in the course
of preparation for two years, bbt the miLitary
commanders, out of abundant precaution, ordered
obstructions to be placed in the channel by sink-
ing vessels for the protection of the huge trans-
port fleet that was in attendance upon the Army,
and which it was apprehended might be disturbed
and perhaps endangered in the narrow waters,
were a demonstration to be made by all or any
portion of the rebel navy. The security of the
transports was justly deemed of vital importance
to the Army, and required to be placed beyond'any
contingency. Hence thisobstructionof the river,
in addition to the protection afforded by our iron-
clads and other naval vessels, was. doubtless a
wise military precaution, although it restricted
the movements of the Navy.
The operations in the sounds of North Carolina
have been interesting and important. It had been
a cherished idea of the rebel leaders to r< possess
themselves of the sounds,and to regain the pnu-
cipal places on them, winch had been wrested
from rebel authority eaily in the war by the united
effoits of the Army and Navy. Preparations were
long in progress for the construction of ainiored
vessels, and others of light draught, on the Roan-
oke and Neuse rivers, with intent to descend and
drive out from the sounds our fleet of slightly-
built wooden boats, recapture Plymouth, New-
bern,and other points held by our arms, and re-
establish rebel power in that quaiter. These
schemes, though partially successful at the com-
mencement, soon closed in disaster.
Delays in the completion of the armored vessels
ordered by the Depaitment, and especially in-
tended for service m shallow waters, which were
inaccessible to the monitor vessels already built,
jeoparded our poss< ssiou of the sounds. There
was also the want of an adequate military force
in that quarter.
On the*17th of April the rebels besieged Ply-
mouth, and two days after the rebel lam Albe-
marle descended the Roanoke river and attacked
the wooden gunboats lying off that town. On
the 20th the defenses weie carried, the gamson
became prisoners, and the rebels obtained pos-
session of the upper sound. In consequence of
Army reverses, vigorous measures were imme-
diately taken by this Department to prevent fur-
therdiSHSter. Captain Melanethon Smith, an offi-
cer of much naval experience, was sent to the
sounds with vessels of heavier armament, arid
instructed to take command, attack the armored
iam at ali hazards, and use all means to destroy
her. On the 5'h of May the rain came out of
Roanoke river, and Cuptain Smith engaged her
wnh his gunboats. The action continued from
4 40 to 7 30 p. in., when daiknuss injei vened, and
ihe Alb.-mutie letreuted up the river. Shot fell
from her ai mor apparently without effect, and file
effoits io run he* down wete unsuccessful. Her
consul t, a small Army steamer which had been
captuied and converted into a naval vessel, was
recaptured.
On but one subsequent occasion did th^ Albc-
maile make her appearance, and then she quickly
retired on being fin d at. As there was uo known
c,ukm' to prevent hei snaking another demonstia-
t ion, <i com pen ni nt.  *al foice was a) ways mi eadi-
ness to meet her. But the inactivity of awaiting
her movements was nksome and paralyzing, and
her destruction by other means became an object.
Lieutenant W. B.Curbing,a young officer who
had on previous occasions gained the admiration
of the Department by his dm mg and udvcntuious
heroism, was selected (o destroy the Albemarle
by a torpedo, properly arranged m a light picket
boat, to be placed at his disposal. The torpedo
is the invention of Chief Engineer W. W. Wood,
and possesses extraordmaty power. It was dr-
langed and applied to the picket boat at the sug-
gestion and under the direction of Rear Admstal
F. H Gregory and his able assistants. Lieuten-
ant Cushing was directed to have the means for
carrying out the views of the Department pre-
pared, and when these -were completed it was
quicKly and brilliantly executed. With fourteen
brave officers and men, who volunteered for the
seivice, he, on the night of October 27, ascended
i.^' Iloanoke to Plymouth, assailed the ram at her
wharf, though guaided by a militaiy foice on
whore, as well as oy her crew, and sunk her. Only
himself and one of his patty escaped death or
capture.
This daring and successful exploit removed the
reliable defense of Plymouth. Commander Ma-
comb, senior officer in the sounds, promptly
availed himself of the advantages of Lieutenant
Cushmg's achievement. With the naval force at
his command he pressed on to Plymouth, drove
the rebels from their rifle-pits and batteries, and
on the 31st of October took possession of the
place, capturing a few prisoners, thirty-two can-
non, small-arms, and ammunition, thus reestab-
lishing the Union supremacy in the sounds of
North Cmolina.
From July, 1863, when the rebels were driven
from Morris Island by the combined forces of
Rear Admiral Dahlgren and Major General Gill-
more, and the Navy thereby gamed command of
