698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
that which the collectors receive under the pres-
ent law.
Now, I regretexceedingly that the Committee of
Ways and Means have not obtained information
from some source. I wonder that the Bureau of
Internal Revenue does not furnish any evidence of
what is the compensation of these assessors. The
Internal Revenue Bureau has now been in exist-
ence some two years or more, and there ought to
have been at least one or two years' settlement
with every assessor in the country. And yet I
am informed by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means [Mr. Stevens] that they do
not have in their possession, nor can they find in
the Internal Revenue Bureau, any data from which
can be ascertained what these assessors obtained
for their compensation. Why are we then called
upon to change one way or the other the com-
pensation of these parties without the slighest
data from which we can judge what they actually
receive ?
Mr. PRUYN. It is fixed in the law now; they
can receive §4,000, and not over.
Mr. DAWES. They receive §4,000 and per-
quisites; perquisitesin theshapeot office rentand
clerk hire. And the entire family of the assessor
may be transformed into clerks. Plow can we tell
whether these assessors or collectors have enough
or do not have enough? Why is it that their
accounts have not been settled in the Department,
so that there can he shown us here whatcompen-
sation they now have; and if we cannot tell what
they do have how can the Committee of Ways
and Means have any data upon which they can
ask us either to make greater or less the compen-
sation of either of them?
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose the gentleman de-
sires particular cases?
Mr. DAWES. How can we legislate upon
particular cases ?
Mr. STEVENS. We know that no assessor
can go beyond a certain amount, $4,000. We
know that many go below that amount.
Mr. DAWES. Has the gentleman any data,
either in the committee or in the Bureau of In-
ternal Revenue, that justifies him in saying that
many of them fall below that amount?
Mr. STEVENS. I have not the returns. I
know that in my district, a pretty populous dis-
tiict, the assessor icceivesless than two thousand
six hundred dollars,and thearnountof collections
is about three quarters of a million of dollars, and
I ascertained the same from inquiry in two or
three of the surrounding districts.
Mr. DAWES. How much did he receive for
office rentand clerk hire?
Mr. STEVENS. He received $800 for clerk
hire, and $150 for office rent.
Mr. DAWES. I wantto be understood. I have
no special complaint as to any particularcollector
or assessor. Of coursc, I do not think that those
in my disnietare any too well paid. But there
does not seem to me to be the proper relative com-
pensation with regard to the duties performedand
the character of those duties.
Mr. ODELL. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts what he intended to convey
to the committee in the statement which I under-
stood him to make, that the assessors have per-
quisites, and that the perquisites are clerk hire
and office rent.
Mr. DAWES. I mean to state, Mr. Chairman,
that, under the general and liberal provision of
the statute in reference to office rent, clerk hire,
and other charges—there is some phrase of gen-
eral character; I am not quoting itexactly—there
is, in the administration of the law, a very liberal
margin, under which I apprehend—that is as
strong as I desire to make it—under which I appre-
hend the assessors are very liberally compensated.
My anxiety was to learn whether there were any
data from which we could ascertain just how lib-
eral that compensation is. It can be determined in
every district in the United States to a single dol-
lar how much the assessors receive, and I think
it ought to he ascertained.
Mr. STEVENS. We cannot tell whatthe al-
lowance is; that is in the breast of the person
who administers this Department. All I know
is that, in my district, the amount allowed for
clerk hire was just $3d0 less than the assessor
paid. Eleven hundred and eighty dollars was the
amount which he paid, and the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue ulluwedlum only $800. He,
therefore, is but very poorly paid. He is an
able man, a well-read lawyer, and his real com-
pensation did not last year amount to $2,000. I
cannot say how liberal the allowance may have
been in other districts. But the amount of allow-
ance for clerk hire and office rent is within the
discretion of the Commissioner of Internal Rev-
enue. So faras^I have heard, the complaints are
that he has been very close in his allowances.
Mr. ODELL. I do not feel entirely satisfied
with the answer of my friend from Massachu-
setts to my interrogatory, nor do the gentlemen
who surround me.
Mr,. DAWES. I regret it exceedingly.
Mr. ODELL. I have no doubt that the gen-
tleman will be able to make his explanation more
explicit. I wish to know whether I understood
the gentleman rightly when I understood him to
say that the assessors derive advantage from the
allowance for clerk hire and office rent. Does
not the Government pay to the assessor in New
York just what he has paid for office rent and
clerk hire? Does the Government pay any as-
sessor more for clerk hire than is actually paid
by him?
Mr. DAWES. I have no particular case in
my mind, and therefore I do not refer to the city
of New York any more than 1 do to my own dis-
trict.
Mr. ODELL. I understand that. I simply
referred to New York by way of illustration.
Mr. DAWES. I submit that if my friend
from New York will turn to the law and will
then recall, from his own observation, the liberal
manner in which such laws are sometimes con-
strued at Departments, he will see what opportu-
nity there is for obtaining a liberal compensation.
The phrase of the law is, if I mistake not, " ne-
cessaiy cleik hire." Now, what is " necessary
clerk hire ?" It is just exactly what the assessor
can make the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
believe is necessary. Now, the assessor may—
I do not say that he does in any case—make the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue believe that it
is necessary to have his entire family resolved
into clerks.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It seems to me that
there is no difficulty about this, unless there is
perjury and corruption, either in the Department
or on the part of the assessor or his clerks. The
law provides:
"The several assessors shall be paid, after the account
thereof <*hall have been rendered to and approved by the
proper officers of the Treasury, their necessaiy and reason-
able charges for clerk lure; but no such account shall be
approved "unless it shall state the name or names of the
eleik or cleiks employed, and the piect^e periods of time
for which they weie respectively employed, and the rate
of compensation agreed upon, and shall be accompanied
by an atfitlavit of the assosois stating that such suvice
was actually required by the necessities of his office, and
was actually tendered ; and al>o by the affidavit of each
clerk, stating that he lias rendeied the service charged in
such account on lu  behalf, the compensation agreed upon,
and that lie lias not paid, deposited, oi assigned, or con-
ti acted to pa\, depo-it, or assign, any pait of such com pen
sation to ihe u*e of any other peison, oi in any way, di-
rectly or nidneetly, paid ot given, or contracted to pay or
give any levvard oi compensation for his office or employ-
ment, or the emoluments thereof."
Mr. DAWES. Iam aware of all that; and if
we could have had from the Committee of Ways
and Means the benefit of definite information as
to the actual amount paid in different districts
undei that very provision, I think that my friend
from New York would have understood the mat-
ter without any remarks from me.
Now, I submit, Mr. Chairman, that I am not
to have dust thrown in my eyes by custom-
house oaths" or any sort of affidavits. It is the
easiest thing in the world for a man to make him-
self believe that any number of clerks for whom
he can get an allowance through the Department
here at Washington are (l necessary"to him. in
some quarters of the country men's consciences
are easy on that point.
I only rose to ascertain what was the practical
operation of this law, and I have not yet learned
it; for there is not a man who is able to tell me
what the assessors get under this provision, I
have reason to believe, Mr, Chairman—and I ad-
here toil notwithstanding my friend from Illinois
read a long list of affidavits as to the gauntlets
through which these men ran.
Mr, FARNSWORTH. I can state how much
these men get, unless they swear falsely. They
only get what the law allows.
Mr. STEVENS. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts suppose it reasonable that the
Committee of Ways and Means are to inquire
into ihe net receiptsof every assessor throughout
the United States? Does'he make any intimation
of that kind ?
Mr. DAWES. I beg the gentleman's pardon.
I do not want to reflect upon the Committee of
Ways and Means. The Committee of Ways and
Means recommend a change of payment to the
assessors, and it occurred to me that I could get
some valuable information as to the relative com-
pensation. I believe that the Committee ofWays
and Means do everything in their power; and i
say that sincerely and frankly.
Mr. WILSON. Has the gentleman knowledge
of any case which illustrates what lie has said?
He has been talking agood while in regard to the
compensation of these officers—that ho cannot get
information from the Committee of Ways and
Means, and so on. Now, I ask him whether there
is any case he can place before the committee
which will illustrate what he has said.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
go back for a moment to the point that we are con-
sidering, and that is, whether the amendment pro-
posed by the Committee of Ways and Means
should be adopted. We object to striking out
the proviso which limits the pay of the collectors.
The first proviso which it is proposed to strike
out declares that the salary " and commissions of
no collector, exclusive of stationery, blank-books,
and postage, shall exceed $10,000 in the aggre-
gate, nor more than $5,000 exclusive of the ex-
penses for rent, stationery, blank-books, arid post-
age, and pay of deputies and clerks, to which
such collectoris actually and necessarily subjected
in the administration of his office." Then the
second proviso goes on to say that the Secretary
of the Treasury " shall be authorized to make
such further allowances, from time to time, aa
may be reasonable in cases in which, from the
territorial extent of the district, or from the amount
of internal duties collected, or from othercircutn-
stances, it may seem just to make such allow- '
ances." Is not thata sufficient guarantee to col-
lectors in the large districts that they will have
their allowances paid by the Secretary of the
Treasury if their collections are so great as the
gentlemen say they may be under certain circum-
stances ?
It will be noted that this amendment proposes
to take off the limitation on the collector. We
do not then know what their compensation may
be. I am able to affirm that in my district we have
no salaried officer, State or national, who is any-
thing like as well paid as the Collector of the in-
ternal Revenue, i know that he gets his $5,000,
and I am sure he takes care to get $5,000 for clei k
hire, &c. When he gets one eighth of one per
cent. I tell you that he will receive £>7,500 for Inn
own salary. I object to this. I say thai ^5,0C0
is enough. If my district be an avei age one in the
United States, I say that it is enough.
Mr. MORRILL. How much tax is collected
in the gentleman's district ?
Mr. SPALDING. 1 know that under the law
as it stood before it was amended at the last ses-
sion the collector realized §6,000.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 desire to know how much
tax is collected in that district?
Mr. SPALDING. Probably $2,500,000.
Mr. STEVENS. In one of tne dismcts of
Philadelphia, after you reach the maximum of
$10,000, all the expense for collecting the balance
comes out of the pocket of the collector. 1 think
that it amounts to four or five million dollars. The
collector, who is an honorable man, told me that
his own receipts, after paying all expenses, were
gm
Mr. WILSON. I should like the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means to state why
this cannot be adjusted under the present law—
under the proviso which was referred to by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding.]
^ Mr. MORRILL. I have no doubt that the ob-
ject of all who have taken part in discussing this
amendment is precisely the same, and that is, to
get the largest amount of revenue possible into
the Treasury, and at the least expense. Now, if
gentlemen will fairly figure up the amouutwhich
can be received in each distiict they will see that
what is proposed by the Committee of Ways and
Means is no very extravagant proposition, if
