1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
609
they will figure up the amount which can be re-
ceived in the district of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Spalding,] or in any other district, they
will learn that the amount proposed to be allowed
is not large.
And let me say here in passing that, except in
three or four cities of the United States, and in
districts where there ore distilleries, there are
no such sums as $2,500,000 collected. If this
proposition, therefore, should pass, it would af-
fect but very few in number of ail the districts
of the United States. Under the present law,
we allow the collector on the first $100,000 the
gum of $3,000. Between the sum of $100,000 and-
$400,000 one half of one per cent, is allowed. So
that if the collector shall collect $400,000 he will
have a salary of $4,500. From that point up to
$1,000,000—that is for collecting $600,000—lie is
to receive only $1,000. And let me say here that
all these collectors employ deputy collectors, to
whom they are compelled to pay a percentage on
what they collect; and it is much harder work,
after having collected in the district $400,000, to
collect $600,000 more, than it is to collect the Hist
$400,000. Then suppose there are collected in
the district $1,000,000, the salary is $5,500; and
if the amount should be $2,OOCLOOO, it is $7,167.
If the amount should reach $3,000,000, the salary
would reach the outside limit under the present
law, namely, $9,834.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it seems to me reasona-
ble and proper that if there are districts in which
more than three million dollars are collected—a
vast sum of money—we should be willingto pay
something in order that this sum shall be collected.
I have no feeling about it; I only desire to have
the best interest of the country consulted.
Mr. STEVENS. My idea is that if we agree
to give this one eighth of one per cent, the woids
" or from the amount of internal duties collected"
should be stricken out, still leaving thetemtonal
extent of the district to be considered by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury in making further allow-
ances. That is my idea; and if this amendment
prevails I shall move to amend by striking out
those words, so as to take away the discretion of
the Secretary of the Treasury in making allow-
ances on the ground of the amount collected. I
do not like to leave that discretion to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, but would prefer to make
it definite in the bill. He may sometimes be mis-
taken; and if wc strike it out we relieve him of
that duty, and relieve everybody of the tempta-
tion to make a large thing out of it.
Mr. WILSON. If that course be pursued,
then the collector in districts in which the amount
is not so great as the smallest amount fixed m the
law, and still in which extraordinary duties are
pei formed by the collectors, they could not receive
an additional compensation from the Secretary
of the Treasury. The effect then would be to
increase the compensation of the collectors in
the heavy districts and take away the power to
aliowadditional compensation to collectors in the
smaller districts, where a smaller amount is col-
lected and larger labor performed.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not propose to strike
out the words " that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury be authorized to make such further allow-
ances, from time to time, as may be reasonable in
cases in which, from the territorial extentof the
district, or from the amount of internal duties col-
lected, or from other circumstances, it may seem
just to make such allowances," but only the
words " or from the amount of internal duties
collected."
Mr. WILSON. If you strike out the woids
" or from the amount of internal duties collected,"
and leave in the words " or from other circum-
stances," the amount of internal duties collected
will be one of the other circumstances. So it will
be just as broad as it is long.
The question being on the amendment offered
by Mr. Wilson—
Mr. WILSON demanded tellers. «
Mr. HOLM AN. I hope it will be agreed that
a vote may be taken in the House upon this
amendment, so that we shall not break up the
committee for want of a quorum.
Mr. WILSON. I do not propose to break up
the committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If, on a di-
vision, the House is found without a quorum,
the roll must be called.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Wilson and
Odell were appointed.
The committee proceeded to divide; when Mr.
Wilson withdrew the call for a division.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must insist on a division,
unless it can be agreed that we shall have a vote
on this proposition in the House.
Mr. ANCONA. If gentlemen will agree to
give us a vote in the House, we will not insist
on a division now.
Mr. STEVENS. I am quite willing to agree
to that.
Mr. SGOFIELD. I move to amend, upon page
3 of the bill, by striking out the word " ten," m
line thirty-nine, and inserting " twenty" ifl lieu
thereof, so that the clause will read:
That section twenty-eight be amended by striking out
ail after the enacting clause, and inserting in lieu thereof
the words u that each of said collectors shall, within twenty
days nfterreceiviug his annual collection list 1'iom the «is-
scssors*, give notice, by advertisement, published in each
county m his collection di>trict, in one newspaper punted
in such county, if any such ihcie be, and by notifications
to be posted up in at least four public places in each county
m his collection district, that the said duties have become
due and payable, and state the time and place within said
county at which tie or Jus deputy will attend to receive
the same, which time shall not be lets than twenty days
alter such notification."
The section as it now stands gives the collector
twenty days to furnish the county newspaper
with the notice. That is all the notice the tax-
payer gets, and he is required to be ready with
iiis money in ten days. 1 think he ought to have
twenty days. If it takes twenty days for the col-
lector to get his notice in the paper, you certainly
ought to give the tax-payer twenty days to get
ready with his money and find out that the notice
has been given. It is only ten days now.
Mr. HOOPER. If the gentleman will have the
goodness to look further on in this section, lue
will find that the twenty days are there. The
section reads:
And if any person shall neglect to pay, as aforesaid, for
more than ten days, it shall be the duty m the coileetui or
his deputy to issue to tuch per&ou a notice,to be ielt alius
dwelling, &c.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I was aware of that; but
during those ten days after the first ten days the
tax-payer must seek the collector at his office,
or at some place where he can find him. The
notice is that he will be at a particular place at
the end of ten days, and all the tax-payers may
come there and pay him; but if they do not see
the notice and are not there, then they have ten
days more in which to hunt him up anywhere;
he may be forty miles away; in any sparsely,
settled district he may be a long way off; and un-
less there is some reason why the time should be
shorter, I think we ought to give them twenty
days.
Mr. HOOPER. The wording is that it shall
not be less than ten days—it may be more; but
still the tax-payers have ten days after the first
ten days from notice, and I think it would be too
much to extend the time to twenty days.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I know fiom my own ob-
servation that these noticcs hitherto published in
country districts have never come to the knowl-
edge of a large portion of the tax-payers until the
time was up. I do not know what time is ic-
quired by the present act, but 1 do know that
many people never find it out until the collector
has been collecting and has left.
Mr. HOOPER. The gentleman will notice that
the law is changed. Before the penalty for non-
payment is now incurred, there must be another
notice, giving ten days additional before the pen-
alty is incurred. Formeily the penalty was in-
curred after ten days' notice. Now, there must
be an additional notice served at the dwelling of
the paity, and before any penalty is incurred ten
days must elapse. I think that more than covers
the time the gentleman asks for.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. 1 move to amend
the amendment of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Scofield] so as to make the time
fifteen days instead of twenty. I think that is
ample time for the puipose.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 think if the gentleman from
Iowa, and other gentlemen, undeistand this ques-
tion, they will not ask any further change than is
proposed hy the Committee of Ways and Means.
It will be noticed that this section refers exclu-
sively to the annua! tax, and the newspaper notice,
I believe, is regarded throughout the country
being useless. The people understand when their
taxes becomc due and pay them accordingly; but
the modification proposed by this bill is that the
party, in addition to the newspaper notice, shall
have personal notice left.at Ins dwelling-house
ten days before the penalty can be imposed.
The amendment to the amendment offered by
Mr. Hubbard, of Iowa, was rejected.
Mr. Scofield's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. On page 4, line seventy-three,
I move to insert after the word " discretion" the
words "if any such can be found," so that the
clause will read:
And in case of distraint it shall be the duty of the offi-
cer charged with the collection to make, or cause to be
made, an account of the goods or chattels distrained, a copy
of which, signed by the officer makingsueh distraint, shall
be left with the owner or possessor of such goods, chattel-?,
or effects, or at his or her dwelling, or usual place of busi-
ness, with some person of suitable age and discretion, if
any such can be found, with a note ot the sum demanded
and the time and place of sale.
This, I may say, does not refer to the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue, but to the person with
whom the notice is to be left.
The amendmentwas agreed to.
Mr. TOWNSEND. Mr. Chairman, it may
not be generally known to the committee that per-
sons doing business in cities and residing in the
country read the city newspapers and rarely read
the local papers. This section provides that the
notice shall be published in the county papers.
Therefore, in order to provide for the difficulty in
regard to persons residing near the cities, I move
to insert after line thirty-five the words and on
all ferriesand railroad depots," so that it will read:
That each of said collectors shall, within twenty days
after receiving biannual collection hstfiom the assessors,
give notice, by advertisement published in each county in
Ins collection district, in one newspaper printed in such
county, if any such there be, .md by notifications to bo
posted up in at leavt four public places in each county in
his collection district, and on all ferries and railroad de-
pots, that the said duties have become due and payable.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. PRUYN. Mr. Chairman, I notice a cler-
ical error running through the section. In some
places the word "notice" is used, and in other
places the word " notification" is used. X move
to amend by striking out the word "notifica-
tion" where it occurs, and inserting the word
" notice."
Mr. BOUTWELL. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. There is a distinction be-
tween the two words.
Mr. ELDR1DGE, (on the Democratic side of
the House.) 1 wish to know whether they are
in Committee of the Whole over there or only in
committee of part of the House.
A Mlmber, (on the Republican side.) Come
over here. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. Dees the Chair under-
stand the gentleman from New York to propose
an amendment?
Mr. PRUYN. Yes, sir.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. ICALBFLEiSCH. I would like to ask
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means whether provision is made for the bonds
of the collectors being changed, as the duties are
changed.
Mr. STEVENS. Wc have not got that far
along.
Mr. KALBFLEISCII. Is it in the law?
Mr. STEVENS. I do notdoubt that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury will take care to have the
bonds changed when necessary.
Mr. KALBFLE1SCH. That is not the ques-
tion. The gentleman from Pennsylvania under-
stands that I am correct. I only ask if he has
made any provision in this case.
Mr. STEVENS. For changing the bonds?
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. Not at all. it is not neccs-
• sary.
| Mr. KALBFLEISCH. That is where I dif-
j fer, sir. The duties are changed, and the bonds
: become null and void. And yet there is no pro-
vision for the renewal of the bonds. I will, at
i the first proper place, offer an amendment to this
; effect.
i Mr. KASSON. I understand that the bonds
' cover the duties imposed by law. If not, there
| is a general statute meeting all ihese^ cases and
J authorizing the Secretary of the Tieasury to
