1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
r
38th Cong.... 2d Sess.
liepori of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. oj Heps.
the entrance to, and possession of Charleston
harbor, so that monitor vessels could remain in-
side, blockade running ceased almost entirely in
that quarter, and was transferred to, and vigor-
ously prosecuted at Wilmington.
This locality possesses singular natural advant-
ages to resist a blockade, to which therebels have
added othersinthe way of earthworks, with pow-
erful guns, to cover the blockade runnersj anil to
open on our vessels whenever they come within
range. These shore batteries were made to com-
mand the several channels and the numerous inlets
in that quarter.
The difficulties of closing this port entirely,
while rebel forts command the channels, and
which none of our ships with heavy broadside
batteries can approach, by reason of the extreme
shallowness of the water, can be rightly appre-
ciated by those only who are familiar with the
locality, and have had experience on that station.
Without a cooperating land force, it is not ex-
pected that we could close the port of Wilming-
ton. There has been no time within the last two
veats when the Navy has not been ready and anx-
ious to perform its part m such an expedition,
for the possession of the entrances to Cape Fear
river is a necessity to stop entirely all ingress to
or egress from that place. Running the blockade
at that point has been made a matter of business by
foreign capitalists, as well as by the rebels. Such
has been and is the stringency of the blockade,
thatarticles of commerce command fabulousprices
throughout the whole insuirectionary region,
thereby stimulating the cupidity of reckless neu-
trals. But while a successful trip begets large
profits, the blockade has not been violated with
impunity. Heavy losses have befallen most of
those who have been engaged in the illicit trade.
Sixty-five steamers, the aggregate value of which,
with theii cargoes, will scarcely fall short of thir-
teen million dollar*, have been captuted or de-
slioyed in endeavoiing to enter or escape from
Wilmington. Over fifty such results have oc-
curred since Rear Admiral Dahlgren anchored his
monitor fleet inside of Charleston bar and closed
that poit to commerce.
Some idea of the difficulty of closing the main
entrances to Cape Fear n-ver, which are nearly
forty miles apart, can be formed when it is con-
sidered that with fifty of our steamers, some of
them the fastest in the service, stationed and dis-
tributed by naval officers of intelligence and ex-
perience, off those entrances, blockade runners,
watching their opportunity, and availing them-
selves of dttik nightrt,good pilots, and extraordi-
nary speed, succeed m getting into and out of
Wj Imington.
Acting Rear Admiral S. P Lee, who for two
years has been in command of this squadron,dis-
charging his arduous duties with intelligence and
fidelity, was relieved by Reaj^Admiral Porter,
who took command of the North Atlantic squad-
ron on the 32th of October.
MISSISSIPPI SQUADRON.
The events of the year have furnished addi-
tional proof of the wisdom of the policy which
dictated the organization of a powerful and effi-
cient squadron on the rivers of the interior, its
usefulness has been demonstrated on many occa-
sions and in vauousways. Whether in convoy-
ing transports laden with soldiers or supplies
destined for the Army,or merchandise and prod-
uce of the people; in assisting in repelling at-
tacks upon weak military posts; in rendering
more safe the navigation of the streams to com-
meice and travel; in independent naval expedi-
tions, or in cooperating in extensive military
movements, its importance has been manifested.
To obtain possession of the Mississippi, and
constantly patrol that great stream from Cairo to
New Orleans, is in itself a work of vast magni-
tude. By it the rebel combinations have been
broken, and their organization severed,'as it were,
by an impassable gulf. The Ohio, Tennessee,
and Cumberland rivers have likewise been pa-
trolled. Thus loyal citizens in their vicinity have
been protected, refuge has been afforded to those
escaping from anarchy and oppression, and par-
tisan bands have been dispersed.
To insure a systematic nnd vigorous execution
of the duties devolving on the squadron, the wa-
ters traversed by it have been divided into ten
naval disti icts, each under the command of an ex-
perienced officer. Wmle the vessels in each dis-
trict have their appropriate field of duty, they are
held ready to support each other when occasion
requires, and can be readily concentrated when
an emergency demands it.
The squadron is composed, to a great extent,
of boats that had been employed in the carrying
trade, but which have been purchased, strength-
ened, and fitted for war purposes. They are ne-
cessarily inferior to rlaval-butlt vessels in strength;
they are lightly armed, and consequently more
liable to disaster, But their cost is greatly infe-
rior to that of iron-clad vessels, or those of heavy
structure for ocean service. The most extensive
operations of the Mississippi squadron during the
year have been in connection with the military
expedition on the Red river, which, with the at-
tending incidents, form an interesting page in the
annals of the war. The failure of this conjoint
expedition to accomplish the important results de-
sired and anticipated are attributable to causes be-
yond human control, and to the want of success
on thep<utof the military arm of the service. So
far as the Navy was concerned, the expedition was
chiefly one of cooperation with the Army, {(pos-
sessed, however, within itself the elements of suc-
cess undei ordinary circumstances, and had not
natural obstacles intervened, its history might
have been not less brilliant than the record of other
achievements of this squadron.
On the 7th of March Rear Admiral Porter had
assembled at the mouth of Red river a formidable
fleet of iron-clad vessels and of light-draught
wooden boats for cooperation with the Army, and
was theie joined by a portion of Major General
Sherman's force in tianspoits, under the com-
mand of General A. J. Smith.
The joint forces moved up the river on the 12ih
of March to form a junction with Major General
Banks at Alexandria. In their progiess some of
the vessels branched off into the Atchafdlaya,
while ihe main portion continued up Red liver.
The rebels were driven in turn from Simmsport
and Fort DeRussy, the latter falling again into
our possession, with us guns and munitions of
war and a few prisoners. Some of the fleetest
vessels were dispatched to Alexandria with the
hope of cutting off the rebels m their retreat, but
without success. That place was occupied by
our forces, and about the 1st of April both Army
and Navy cermiK'iiC« d to move up the river to-
ward Shreveport. A pai t only of the naval force
could proceed further up the river than Alexan-
dna, and it was with difficulty they reached that
point. But the assistance oi the gunboats was
so essential to success, that some i isks had to be
taken, and extraordinary exertions were made to
pass the vessels over the falls so as to give the
required cooperation. Mam force had to be used
to haul the gunboats. But Grand Ecoie was
reached without accident, and occupied without
opposition. There were at tins time indications of
the usual rise of the season in the river, and every-
thing promised success. Twenty-three heavy
guns had been captured from the rebels since the
entry into that river. Springfield landing was
designated.as the point for the next junction of the
cooperating forces, and it was reached at the ap-
pointed time, th ree day s after leaving Grand Ecoie,
by six gunboats and twenty heavy tran&poits.
Here they learned that the Army under General
Banks had met a reverse, and was falling back to
Pleasant Hill, some distance below. Rear Ad-
miral Porter was therefore compelled to turn back,
with the full knowledge thatm retracing his steps
he would be intenupeted at every assailable point.
The rebels, flushed with their success against the
Army, availed themselves of every opportunity
wh ich offered for harassing the gunboats and trans-
ports.
Their cavalry and artillery taking advantage of
the winding stream moved rapidly from point to
point, attackingon every available occasion. But 1
the gunboats successfully fought their way, and •
from time to time repelled their assailants with |
terrible slaughter.
On the 14th of April Rear Admiral Porter got jj
back to Grand Ecoiv, where he found the vessels i
which he had left at that point still detained above ^
the bar. The river instead of rising as cusiomyi y ■«
at this season had fallen during his absence. The
Army was preparing to move back upon Alexan-
dria; the water having so receded there Wag little
hope of getting the vessels out, and destruction
apparently awaited the best portion of the squad-
ron. But, in the Words of the admiral, "Provi-
dence provided a man for the occasion.'' Lieu-
tenant Colonel Joseph Bailey, acting engineer ilf
the Nineteenth Army corps, an intelligent and effi-
cient officer, devised a plan for the construction of
a series of dams across the rocks at the falls; thus
by artificial means to supply that which nature
withheld—a sufficient depth of water for the pas-
sage of the vessels. Extraordinary as was the
project, and received with incredulity, the mind
thatcouceived it was enabled to carry it into suc-
cessful execution. Men weresetat work; wood-
cutters collected; quarries opened; and after some
weeks the undertaking was accomplished. The
dams were built, the vessels passed safely over
the falls to the delight of the assembled Army and
Navy who had mutually participated in the work,
and on the 16th of May Rear Admiral Porter had
the satisfaction of announcing that the fleet was
relieved from danger. There is probably in naval
history no other instance of such peril and diffi-
culty so successfully and skillfully surmounted.
Congress very appropriately acknowledged the
meritorious services of Lieutenant Colonel Bailey
on this occasion, and they have been still further
recognized by his promotion.
Interesting details of this and minor expeditions
oil the Washita, Arkansas, Black, and Yazoo
risers, will be found in the official appendix to
this report.
Rear Admiral Porter, having been for nearly
two years on arduous and exhausting duty in this
command, received leave to return East in the
summer, and was subsequently detachcd in order
to take command of the North Atlantic squadron.
Captain A. M. Pennock, senior officer on the sta-
tion, was left in charge. On the 1st of Novem-
ber Acting Rear Admiral S. P.Lee assumed com-
mand of the Mississippi squadron, and entered
on the discharge of his duties.
POTOMAC FLOTILLA.
The limits of ihe Potomac flotilla embrace also
the waters of the Rappahannock, and at present
and during theycar have been under the command
of Commander Foxhall A. Parker. Upon the flo-
tilla has devolved the duty of arresting the con-
traband tiade attempted to be carried on across
the Potomac from Virginia with the lower coup-
ties of Maryland, and extending from Alexandria
to Chesapeake bay, including the bay itself. It
has also been necessary to patrol and guard the
Rappahannock. The smalt craft, which are the
vehicles of this traffic, and adapted to it, are well
calculated to elude detection. Those engaged in
it are reckless, unscrupulous, and unprincipled,
so that on no station are greater vigilance and
more unceasing watchfulness required than on the
part of the officers and men of the flotilla. It is
scarccly possible to wholly prevent this species
of illicit traffic and blockade running. With so
long a line of communication to be patrolled, op-
portunities will sometimes be found by the con-
trabandists, who are ever on the watch, and who
are aided by sympathizing associates on either
shoie, to elude detection and capture. Numbers
have, however, been captured during the year
while in transit; others have been ferreted out
and their boats have been destroyed.
At all times and on all occasions the flotillahas
given its active and willing cooperation to the
military movements. While the Army was in
the vicinity of Fiedencksburg last spring and
summer, the services of the smaller steamers on
the Rappahannock were efficient and invaluable.
They opened communication with the military
forces; cleared large numbers of torpedoes from
the river; drove the rebels from its banks; con-
voyed transports with troops and supplies going
to the Army and returning with the wounded and
sick from the battle-field. The vessels which are
employed in this service are of light draught,and
their construction is necessarily slight, conse-
quently those who serve on board of them in a
hostile country aie exposed to more than ordi-
nary peril. But whether in clearing the banks of
the Rappahannock of sharpshooter, or removing-
