APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 5,
38th Cong....2b Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
from its bed dangerous torpedoes, no less daring
and energy have been exhibited than by others
in .vessels of larger proportions and with greater
protection.
PACIFIC SQUADRON.
Thetfe has been no material change in the
strength of this squadron within the past year.
The new steamer Wateree joined it, and orders
hefce been given detaching the Narragansett and
ordering her to the Atlantic States.
Acting Rear Admiral Charles H. Bell, having
had command of the squadron for three years,
has been recently relieved by Acting Rear Ad-
miral George F. Pearson; the transfer took place
at Panama on the 25th of October.
No hostile craft has made its appearance in the
Pacific, and our commerce has been carried on in
its usual channels without interruption, other than
that necessarily caused by the measures of foreign
Powers in an attitude of hostility toward each
other.
•The blockade of Mexican ports on the Pacific
by-the French fleet rendered it important for Act-
ing Rear Admiral Bell to remain several months
in that quarter with his flag-ship, in order to look
after the interests of the United States. An ex-
ception in favor of the steamers of the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company, made in the declara-
tion of blockade, gave them the continued use of
the harbor of Acapulco as an intermediate depot,
and the presence of the flag-ship, or some other
one of the vessels at that port, has aided in giving
protection to the property of the company against
the acts of lawless persons, and inspired those ofl
board the steamers with a feeling of security from
assaults of insurgent cruisers from seaward.
About the middle of April Acting Rear Admi-
ral Bell proceeded from Acapulco to Panama, and
thence to Callao, at which port he arrived on the
25th of May, 1864.
Difficulties had arisen between Peru and Spain,
which resulted in the seizure, by the naval squad-
ron of the latter, of the Chincha Islands, and it
was essential that our extensive fleet of guano
vessels frequenting thatquartershould have with-
in reach an armed vessel of their own country to
give aid and security in the event of unnecessary
interruption of then* interests. The threatening
attitude of these two Powers induced Acting Rear
Admiral Bell to remain with the llag-ship at Cal-
lao from May until the 5th of October. The re-
maining vessels of the squadron have visited the
Mexican and Central American ports, and it is
not known that they have-failed in any respect to
respond to all proper appeals of our countrymen
for aid and encouragement, or to observe and
scrupulously regard the rights of, and courtesies
due to, friendly nations.
• Rumors or reports of a rebel privateer fitting
out at Victoria, Vancouver's Island,drew to that
cjuarter the United States steamer Narragansett
irom San Francisco. The probability of such a
scheme being carried into effect was ascertained
to be not greater than that which had but a short
time previously drawn the United States steamer
Saginaw to that locality. After cruising, there-
fore, a short time in the straitsof Fucaand Puget
sound, and receiving the friendly assurances of
her Britannic Majesty's authorities that every
effort would be made to discountenance and arrest
any proposed violation of neutrality, the JNarra-
gansfeu returned to San Francisco.
WEST INDIA SQUADRON.
The West India squadron, as an organization,
has been discontinued. Acting Rear Admiiai
JamesL. Lurdner, who had command of it at the
date of my last annual report, arrived at Hamp-
ton Roads, in the Powhatan, oil the 3d of Octo-
ber, in pursuance of orders of the Department.
The principal objects for which this squadron
„ was created had ceased to be prominent, and the
chief duties originally assigned to it have been
transferred to the East Gulf squadron. There
have been no depredations committed in that quar-
ter during the past year. The vessels of the
squadron have, in turn,given safe convoy to the
California steamers over the most exposed sec-
tion of their route. This convoy has been since,
when expedient, extended over the entire route,
by detailing an armed vessel to accompany each
steamer.
PIRATICAL CRUISERS.
The three English-built piratical cruisers which,
under the rebel flag, have, during the last two
years, roamed the seas, robbing and destroying
our merchantmen, shunning all armed antago-
nists, and have found refuge and protection, and
too often supplies and other assistance in neutral
ports, have terminated their predatory career.
Their unrestrained warfare has undoubtedly had
the effect of diminishing American tonnage, and
caused a transfer of American shipping to Eng-
lish and other flags. Whether the maritime
nations of the world will be ultimately benefited
by this policy of fostering rebel belligerents may
well be doubted. We have been compelled to
encounter it as one of the incidents of this ex-
traordinary and unnatural conflict. While noto-
liously engaged in plunder and in the wanton
destruction of our merchant sailing ships, these
English-built, and almost exclusively English-
manned, rovers have never, during their entire
piratical career,and of all theirmanycaptures on
various seas, sent in Tor adjudication and con-
demnation a single ship or cargo. The less bulky
and more valuable portions of their robberies
were taken on board the corsairs to be sold or
covertly transferred in neutral ports, while the
stolen chronometers and a few mementoes were
retained as' memorials of their achievements. All
else was destroyed.
The Alabama, eluding our naval vessels at the
Cape of Good Hope and straits of Sunda, after
committing sundry devastations, returned west-
ward and proceeded to the French port of Cher-
bourg. Information of her arrival was communi-
cated to Captain Winslow, of the Kearsarge, then
at Flushing, who at once proceeded off the harbor,
and at twenty minutes past ten a. m. on Sunday,
June 19, the Alabama was discovered standing out
accompanied by a French iron-clad steamer and
the English yacht Deerhound. When the Ala-
bama was descried the Kearsarge was about three
miles fiom the entranceof the harbor, and to avoid
any question as to the line of jurisdiction, as well
as to draw the Alabama off the shore, so that if
disabled she could not flee in for protection, the
Kearsarge stood seaward until she had attained
the distance of about seven miles from the shore.
At fifty minutes past ten she came quick about
and approached the Alabama, and at fifty-seven
minutes past ten the Alabama commenced the ac-
tion with her starboard broadside at one thou-
sand yards range. At eleven the fire was re-
turned by the Kearsarge, and the vessels came
farrly into action at about nine hundred yards
distance.
Captain Winslow says it was soon apparent
that Semmes did not seek close action, and fears
were entertained that after some fighting he would
make for the shore. To defeat this Captain Wins-
low determined to keep full steam on, run under
the stern of the Alabama and rake; but the Ala-
bama, by sheering and keeping her broadside to
the Kearsarge, was forced with a full head of steam
into a circular track.
On the seventh rotation the Alabama headed for
the shore,disabled and at the mercy of the Kear-
sarge. A few well-directed shots brought down
her flag, a white one was displayed, and the fire of
the Kearsarge was reserved. * The Kearsarge re-
plied, steamed ahead and laid across the bows of
the Alabama for raking. The fire of the Kear-
sarge being again reserved, boats were lowered
and an officer in one of them came alongside at
ten minutes past twelve and surrendered the Ala-
bama, which he said was in a sinking condition,
and at twenty-four minutes past twelve she went
down.
The launch and second cutter of the Kearsarge,
the only boats not disabled, were sent to receive
the officers and crew of the sinking vessel, and
Captain Winslow requested the Deerhound, which
came alongside,to assist in the rescue. The pilot-
boats were also engaged in picking up the crew.
Six officers and sixty-four men were brought on
board the Kearsarge. At ten minutes past three
the Kearsarge let go her anchor in seven fathoms
water.
The Alabama is reported to have discharged
three hundred and seventy ormdre shot and.shell
in this engagement, but inflicted no serious dam-
age on the Kearsarge. Thirteen or fourteen took i
effect in and about the hull, and sixteen or sev-
enteen about the masts and rigging.
The Kearsarge fired one hundred and seventy-
three projectiles, of which one alone killed and
wounded eighteen of the crew of the Alabama,
and disabled one of her guns.
Three persons were wounded on the Kearsarge.
The number of killed and wounded on the Ala-
bama is unknown. Seventeen of the wounded,
two of tfiem in a dying condition, were brought on
board the Kearsarge. One hundred and fifteen
officers and men of the Alabama's crew reached
the shores of England and France.
The battery of the Kearsarge consisted of seven
guns, namely, two 11-inch, one 30-pounder rifle,
and fourlight32-pounders. That of the Alabama
consisted of eight guns—one heavy 68-pounder,
of nine thousand pounds weight; one 100-pounder
rifle,and six heavy 32-pounders. In the engage-
ment the Alabama fought seven guns and the
Kearsarge five.
This has been the only fair and open sea fight
which our naval men have been able to secure, as
yet, during the war; and it occurred in the Eng-
lish Channel, in sight of the two great maritime
Powers of Europe. In size, armament, and com-
plement of men, the combatants were as near
equal perhaps as could have been arranged. Most
ot the crew of the Alabama were Englishmen, and
the gunners admitted to have been picked men of
her Majesty's gunnery ship the Excellent.
Some latent remains of pride which belong to
the profession, and which animated his earlier
and more honorable life while sailing under the
American flag, undoubtedly had an influence in
inducing the pirate commander to meet a naval
antagonist, after his long career of robbery and
plunder of unarmed vessels, in the vain hope that
it might, if Successful, restore to him some por-
tion of the respect he had forfeited, and at the
same time relieve him of some of the debasement
he has never ceased to feel; even when applauded
by those foreign partisans who hated the country
he had deserted. But the same dishonor marked
his conduct on this occasion as during his whole
ignoble career. Before leaving Cherbouig he de-
posited the chronometers and other trophies of
his robberies on shore. When beaten and com-
pelled to surrender, he threw overboard the sword
that was no longer his own, and abusing thegen-
erous confidence of his brave antagonist he stole
away in the English tender, whose owner proved
himself, by his conduct, a fit companion for the
dishonored and beaten corsair.
Having surrendered, he cannot relieve himself
of his obligations as a prisoner of war until he
shall be regularly exchanged. He, and each of
his surviving officers and crew, whether received
upon the Kearsarge or the Deerhound, are, and
will be, held to be prisoners of war and amenable
to the laws which govern civilized communities.
A predatory rover may set the laws of nations, as
well as those of his own country at defiance, but
in doing so he must bide the consequences.
The Florida originally sailed from England
under the name of Oreto, and under that name
she was, on reaching Nassau, brought before the
court through the efforts of the American consul,
who was satisfied that she was in the rebel in-
terest and intended as a rebel cruiser. The neu-
tral authorities decided in favor of the vessel,
which was permitted to proceed. Leaving Nas-
sau she went to Green Cay, where she received
on board the armamentsent out for her from Eng-
land,ran into Mobile, changed her name to Flor-
ida, and has since, fleeing from all naval vessels,
carried on predatory war on American commerce,
capturing and destroying unarmed merchantmen,
without ever sending in a vessel for adjudication.
In February last, availing herself of a dark
night, she cscaped from Brest, eluding the Kear-
sarge, which was off that port. In June she vis-
ited the neutral port of St. George's, Bermuda,
and remained there nine days, receiving all the
coal and supplies necessary for a long piratical
cruise. Leaving St. George's on the 27th of that
month, she remained outside, but in sight, for
three.or four days, boarding all vessels that ap-
proached the island. On the 10th of July she
captured the Electric Spark, near our coast, while
several vessels were cruising for her, but she es-
caped, and was next iieard from at Teneriffe, on
