1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
703
order to move that those who so desire may retire,
and that those who want to see the Sergeant-at-
Arms return with members in arrest may remain ?
The SPEAKER. Excuses must be made in'
each case.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move that my colleague
be excused.
Mr. COX. My friend does notwantto be ex-
cused, as he stands here as a sentinel upon the
tow<t of freedom. [Laughter.]
Mr. THAYER. Is it in order forme to make
a report from the Committee on Private Land
Claims ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. No business can
be done without the presence of a quorum.
Mr. "WINFIELD. I move that my colleague
[Mr. Ward] have leave to make a speech on re-
ciprocity.
The motion was agreed to.
[Cries of" Ward!" "Ward!"]
Mi. GARFIELD. He does not reciprocate.
[Laugh ter.]
A special messenger appeared at the bar with
Mr. Baldwin, of Michigan, in custody.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Baldwin, you have
been absent from the sessions of the House with-
out its leave. What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. BALDWIN,ofMichigan. 1 wasdetained
from the House by business, and I have no fur-
ther excuse.
Mr. STILES. I move that the gentleman be
dischatged on the payment of costs.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman was absent
on business, and I move that he beexcused. Gen-
tlemen on the other side will vote for the amend-
ment when they recollect that he voted for the
constitutional amendment. [Laughter.]
Mr. WINF1ELD. 1 move to lay the amend-
ment on the table.
The SPEAKER. That will carry the motion
with it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will it carry the prisoner ?
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes not.
The mouon was disagreed to.
The amendment was disagreed to; and Mr.
Stilus's motion was adopted.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York, moved to adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. BALDWIN, ofMassachusetts. Is it in
order for members to leave the Hall?
The SPEAKER. Not without consent of the
House.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the Doorkeeper
be ordered to direct the Sergeant-at-Arms to make
instant report to the House.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, moved (ateleven o'clock,
p. m.) that tin; House adjourn.
Mr. THAYER. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Thayer and
Mr. Cox were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 47, noes 109. [Laughter.]
During the division,
Mr. ELDRIDGE. lrise toa question of order.
I saw several gentlemen pass through the tellers
twice.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can call the
yeas and nays if he doubts the count of the tell-
ers.
The result of the division having been an-
nounced, as above,
Mr. RICE, of Maine, demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was put; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 33, nays 49, not voting 100;
as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Boutwell. Jame<? S. Brown, Cox, Cra-
vens. Thomas T. D.ivu, Eddey, Fauwworth, Frank, Gri<-
wold, Hale, Ilall, Asahel \V. ilubbard, John il. Hubbard,
Ihiiliuni, Kalbfleisch, Liftlojohn, Long, McAllister, Mc-
Biuii', Middieton. James* It. .Uoni-, Cliarl<-  O'Noiil, Po -
dhMnn, Pmyn, John If. Uiop, Spnldmc, William G.Steele,
Thayer, Tiacy, Ward, Ehhu B. Waslibume, Wiialuy, and
Wihon—3J.
NAYtf—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Bau<n. Braman, Boyd. Binom-
al!, Cobb. Dawes, Doming. Du™-*, Didridg*1. Eliot, Garfield,
Charles M. Ilairih, liigby, iloiman, Hooper, lnger.-oll,
Philip Johnson, ICnss-on, KeJley, Oiiando Kellogg, Knox,
Loan, Maivm, McCiuig, Vamuel F. Miller, Monill, Mor-
rison, Lt'onaid Myers, Nelson, Udell, Peiham, Pomeroy,
Radfoid,Scofield, Shannon,Starr, Stevens, Stih1#, Sttouse,
Townsenri, Upson,Wilder, Winficld, and Wooribnd^e—49.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. JamesC. Allen, WilliamJ.Al-
len, Alley, Anderson, Arnold, Ashley, Baily, Blaine, Blair,
Bliss, Blow, ttrandegee, Brooks, William G. Brown, Chan-
ter, Ambrose W. Cl.uk, Fieeinau Clarke, Clay, Cofhotb,
Cole, Ore-well, Homy Winter Davis, Daw-on, Demson,
Dixon, Donnelly, Dumont, Eden, Edgerton,English, Pmck,
Gcin&on, Gooch, Gnder, Gnnnell, Harding, Uanuigton,
Benjamin G. Hains, Derrick, llotchki&s, Hutelnn^Jeuekes,
Wdhain Johtinou, Julian, Francis* W. Kellogg, Kernan,
King, Knapp,Law, Lazear, Le Blond, LongycaV, Malloiy,
Marey, McDowell,Melndoe, Mclvinney, William £1.Miller,
Mooriiead, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers-, Noble, Norton,
John O'Neill, Orth, Paiteison, Perry, Pike, Puce, Samuul
J. Randall, William H. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, llobui-
son, Uogeis, Edward II. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Rosa,
Schenck, Scott, 8?toan, Smith, Smitbers, John B. Steele,
Stuart, Sweat, Thomas, Van Valkenbmgh, Voorhees,
Wad&worth, William B. Wa-bburn, Web-ter, Wheeler,
Chilton A. Winie, Joseph W White, Williams, Windoin,
Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, Worthington.and Yea-
man—100.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I notice
that Mr. Amos Myers is at the door of the Hall.
I move that the Assistant Sergeant-at-Arms be
authorized to bring him to the bar of the House.
Mr. PIKE. Can that be done?
Mr. ANCONA. Has the gentleman from
Maine himself [Mr. Pike] been excused?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
voted on the last vote.
Mr. ANCOJNA. 1 noticed him leaving the Hall
some time ago, and I supposed that he was among
the absentees.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
members are allowed to leave the Hall by the
usage, under a call, only on a parole for a few
moments by the Speaker, a record of which is
kept by the Doorkeeper, and the Chair does not
remember that the gentleman from Maine lias
asked leave of absence at all.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the Assistant Sergeunt-at Arms be permitted to
bring in the body of Amos Myers.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that mo-
tion, if made directory, is in order. There is no
doubt in the mind of the Chair that any member
may be taken into custody by any special mes-
senger appointed by the Sergeant-at-Arms.
The motion was agreed to.
A special messenger appeared at the bar, hav-
ing in custody Mr. Amos Myers.
TheSPEAKER. Mr. Amos Myers, you have
been absent from this House without its leave.
What excuse have you to render for your ab-
sence ?
Mr. A. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, I presume
that it will take me a moment or two to make
myself correctly understood. [Loud cries of " Go
ahead!"] 1 will state first that! was in the House
until perhaps an hour and a half ago, and then I
left with the belief that oil would not be reached
for some time. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Were you
boring?—that is the question. [Laughter.]
Mr. A. MYERS. My colleague asks a ques-
tion that is rather awkward in its nature.
A Member. It augers well for your cause.
Mr. A. MYERS. I returned and discovered
that oil was still not reachcd. Important business
required—however I will not state that. [Cries
of "Go on!"] Peihaps without a very great
violation of the truth, 1 might say that I was m
search of some information in reference to the
question whether " crude oil" could stand a tax
of six cents a gallon. [Laughter.] The mem-
ber of the Committee of Ways and Means who
has charge of this bill said very truly that they
had " struck ile." I thought they had struck it
entirely too hard, and in search of information on
that point I got into contact with an officer in
the Census Bureau to find out the statistics on the
subject.
But, sir, to make a long; story short, (for I do
not wish to detain the House, and if 1 have a
good excuse,a fairand reasonable apology, I pre-
sume the House will let me olF easily; I throw
myself upon the indulgence of the House,) I came
heie, and I don't think I was arrested. 1 should
have been in here if the doors had not been shut.
[Laughter.] Comingtlown theavenueashard as
I could, thinking that perhaps something might
take place here, although not knowing that any-
thing: had taken place, I saw thelightshimng from
the top of this building. Hastening my steps as
fast as I could, coming down to Four-and-a-half
street, I think it is, an excellent street, on which
some very fine persons live, [laughter,] I struck
the Sergeant-at-Arms, or rather the Sergeant-at-
Arms struck me. [Laughter.] When i discov-
ered that it was the Sergeant-at-Arms, I very
innocently asked the question if the House was
still in session. "Why, yes," says he, " and I
am just after you." I then did not know him at
all. [Laughter.] I thought i had been looking
after §ome one, but after he made use of that ex-
pression I discovered that he was-not the man, at
all. [Laughter.] It is a little like the case of a
Dutchman I knew out in the oil country 
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. Noneof yourDutch,
now. [Laughter.]
_ Mr. A. MYERS. I say I was a little in the
situation of a Dutchman in the oil country who
lost his son Peter; the old man had a short way
of calling him "Pete." He lost the boy for
three or four weeks. It made a great talk all
through that country. Well, on a certain occa-
sion when there was a public sale, and the whole
township were gathered together, the people
asked him, "How is this, Jake, about your
having lost your son Pete? Tell us all about it."
Mr. KALBFLEISCH. Pete is not Dutch.
[Laughter.]
Mr. A. MYERS. The crowd gathered all
around him. The auctioneer's hammer was still;
the cry of "Going, going, gone,"had ceased at
last for a time. All were anxious, intensely anx-
ious, and one said, "Tell us about your losing
your son Pete." Well, the old man commenced
Ins story. 1 will tell it as nearly as I can as he did,
although the old man exhibited some emotion in
telling it. The old man said: " I did Jose my
son Pete. He was gone a long while. I did not
know whether he was lost, whether he was killed,
whether he was dead, whether he was drowned,
or whether he was run away. Anyhow I could
not found him. One day I did found him. L was
going down the street; my son Pete was coming
up the street. 1 see Pete, Pete see me. I ran
upon Pete; Pete ran upon me. 1 put my hands
on Pete's shoulder and my arms round his neck;
Pete put his head under my shoulder. I cried,
and Pete cried. I raised up my head,and Pete
raised up his head. Then Pete raised up his face,
and I raised up my face, but it was not him—
oh!" [Laughter.] Mr. Speaker, when 1 looked
at the Sergeant-at-Arms I first thought it was he,
but when I talked with him and he told me what
he wanted, [ did not think it was he. [Laughter.]
Mr. RADFORD. The gentleman augers well.
I move that he be excused.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 move,as an amendment,
that he be excused on payment of the usual fee.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. 1 move to
amend the amendment by adding "and that
the S^rgeant-at-Arms take it out m oil stocks."
[Laughter ]
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
that would be in order. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I will not
insist on it.
The question was taken on Mr. Garfield's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion as
amended, and it was agreed to.
Mr. COX. I move that a special messenger
be directed to bring in the member from Illinois,
[Mr. Ross.]
Mr. PENDLETON. That gentleman is pres-
ent in the Hall.
Mi. ELDRIDGE. I would inquire how that
gentleman is here.
Mr. ROSS. I waive arrest.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. We have
got his corpus here. That is all that we care for.
A special messenger appeared at the bar of the
House, having in custody Mr. Ross.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Ross, you have been
absent from the session of the House without its
leave. What excuse have you to offer for your
absence ^
Mr. ROSS. Guilty, my lord. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the gentleman
be excused on payment of the usual fee.
Mr. COX. I suggest that the Speaker repri-
mand the gentleman. [Laughter.]
Mr. R.OSS. I would say, in mitigation of
damages, that, having had an intimation of the
want of a quorum in the House, I started to come
here. On the way, between the gate and the Cap-
itol, I met a member returning to the city, who
told me that he had come near enough to see that
