1864.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGffiESSIONAL GLOBE;
II
38tii Coxg....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
expet imetits will be of the most elaborate nature,
and will, if iw presumed, enable a choice to be
made. They aie now in progiess.
A commission of nine, on practical engineer-
ing, ha« been appointed by the Department,con-
sisting1 of three from the Academy of Science,
three from the Franklin Institute, and three on
the part of the Department—all eminent in phys-
ical science—to devise the proper apparatus and
make the necessary experiments therewith, to
ascertain by practical results the economy of
using steam with different degrees of expansion.*
Thes>e expeiimems, which are. now in progress,
will be as elaborate and as complete as it is pos-
sible to make ihem. And under the practical
conditions of steam engineering, it is believed they
will indisputably set at rest the amount of gain
to be obtained from using steam with different
measures of expansion, and also determine the
relative merits of different kinds of valve gear,
steam piesstue, &c., besides settling many inci-
dental questions of great importance.
Nothing has been left undone in the way of
ascertaining and putting in use all valuable im-
provements in steam machine) y, and no occasion
neglected of experimentally determining the data
necessary forcotrect opinion.
The competitive engines and boilers now under
construction and trial will furnish information
which wiil be of great public utility.
NAVY-YARD FOR IRON VESSELS AND MACHINERY.
The introduction of steam as a motive power
for naval vessels  s causing a revolution m mari-
time warfare which the ablest minds have long
predicted would be the result of this agency, but
which is not yet to its fullest extent appreciated.
It changes the whole character of blockade, and
in future wars it will be found that a few fast pri-
vateers by steam will harass or annihilate the com-
meiee of the most powerful belligerent nations.
Our countty has been compelled by this civil
war to take the initiative in organizing a vast
steam navy with which to establish and enforce
the blockade of our whole coast from the Chesa-
peake J5ay to the Rio Grande; and also to sup-
press the depredations of semi-pnaticai privateers,
built by skilled English mechanics in Engbsh
ship-yards, and manned by Englishmen, which,
under the rebel flag, lime loved the ocean, de-
stroying our merchant shipping, and have found
refuffo and supplies 111 English and neu'ral ports.
When hostilities commenced, our Government
had provided no suitable navy-yard with machine
shops and foundeiiesto manufacture the necessary
machinery for our rapidly increasing and expand-
ing Navy; but the Department was compelled to
rely on the few private establishments, which it
could divert fium other engagements, for the im-
mense work that was calling out the resources of
the nation.
Gieat embarrassment was experienced in con-
scquence of thid neglect of the Government at the
very commencementof the war, and although the
naval set vice and the country are suffering con-
stantly from this neglect, measures for the estab-
lishment of a suitable navy-yaid for the construc-
tion and repair of iron vtssels, their armature and
steam machinery, nre still delayed.
As early as March, 1862, and on several occa-
sions since, i have had the honor to present my
views to Congress on this subject. The earnest-
ness and frequency with which it has been brought
forwatd must find an apology in its gieatimpoit-
ance.
It has never been the purpose of the Department,
in any of Us suggestions or recommendations, to
increase the number of our navy-yards, nor to
alter their local distribution. The yard which
we now have at Philadelphia is altogether inade-
quate to our present or future wants. It was pro-
posed, therefore, to substitute a new one on the
Delaware, in the vicinity of Philadelphia. League
island, within the limits of that city, if adopted
as a site, must gradually absorb the works at the
present yaid, which would then be discontinued.
All of our presentnavy-yards, it will be remem-
bered, were established for the construction and
repair of wooden sailing vessels. Steam and ar-
mored vessels have superseded these,and the in-
ability of our present establishments for the work
imposed by this war has been the source of inex-
pressible anxiety, and often of great disappoint-
ment and public injury. To relieve the navy-
yards fiom work which they have bat limited
means to execute, and to secure necessary repairs,
the Department has been compelled to establish
stations for machinery and means of refitment at
Mound City, Memphis, New Orleans, Ship Isl-
and, Pensacola, Key West, Port Royal, Beau-
fort, Norfolk, and Baltimore. But these and all
the private establishments of thecountry, besides
other calls upon them, have been insufficient to
keep the present Navy m necessary order, so that,
if to the duty of blockading there were added
ocean conflicts with a naval Power by which our
ships would be often disabled, the sad spectacle
would be presented of our naval vessels laid up
in time of war for want of a pioper establishment
with the shops and means to repair them.
Our country, whose strength and power among
nations must ever be identified with and main-
tained by its Navy, and which possesses in such
abundance the means of creating and sustaining
one, has not, in all the navy-yards combined', the
appliances possessed by single establishments in
England and France. Were there outside of our
navy-yards establishments to perform promptly
the requisite work in time of war, I should not
at this time again press the subject of a navy-yard
for iron work for the construction of vessels upon
the consideration of ourauthorities. But although
the Department has generally been ably and zeal-
ously*seconded in its efforts by private contract-
ors, yet the fact that there is no customer but the
Government for much of this heavy class of iron
woik, forbids us to expect that individual enter*
prise will be prepared to execute it without full
remuneration for all the outlay for shops, tools,
and machinery which may be required in prepa-
lation. Besides this, unlimited time is taken by
them for the completion of the work. ' it may be
proper to mention, as an instance of the delay to
which the Government is subjected, that in Octo-
ber, 18G~, contracts were made with a manufac-
tuier of reputation and ability for making and
setting up the turrets of the Tonawaudu and mi-
arttonomah, which weie to have been completed
in February, 1863, but they will probably not be
finished until Febiuary, 1865, two years after the
expiration of the time specified in the contract.
At the commencement of hostilities this Depart-
ment had equipped,and at its immediate disposal,
three vessels of war. Those which were laid up,
and those which were recalled from abroad, had
to undeigo extensive re pans, for which no provis-
ion had been made. The Government, has not
even at this time an establishment where a shaft
can be made for our steamers or a plate for our
iron-clads. The frontage or wharfage at all our
navy-yards, so importantlor repairs, is less than
is required at each of them.
Our next contest may be with a naval Power
which will attempt to direct upon our shores a
course of opesations similar to those which we
have applied to the southei n coast for suppressing
the rebellion. One yatd, at least, where iron ves-
sels, iron armor, and iron shafting can be manu-
facture!, is now imperatively necessary. Among
the considerations that should control t hp selection
of a sue for such a yard and establishment, which
shall become the depot for materials collected in
years of peace, with which to build and repair
our naval vessels, and where will be aggiegated
machinery and tools such as at present are not to
• be found in this countiy, and which, when once
procured, could not, if destroyed, be easily or
readily replaced, will be its absolute safety from
aftack by sea or land. So far as is possible we
should avail ourselves of natuial advantages in
obtaining the indispensable security for such an
establishment, without depending entirely on for-
tifications ami artificial means, which would be
more costly than the navy-yard itself.
Theadditional military defenses of Portsmouth,
England, rendered nccessary by the proximity of
that great naval station to the ocean, and its conse-
quent p.ssailability by modern ordnance, are now
being constructed at an expense of $50,000,000.
A navy-yard, if we have one for naval iion
woik, should be established on fresh water, for
this is essential to the preservation of iron vessels,
which cannot be laid up in salt waterduringpeace.
Ready access to coal, iron, and Umber, is also
important, for these essential articles should be
always available on the inland waters without ex-
posure to an enemy by coastwise transportation.
The vicinity of a large city where skilled artisans
can be obtained without difficulty, and the facili~
ties of markets and tenements are abundant,
should be considered. A foundation of gravel
would, for the purposes of machinery, be prefer-
able to stone. An extensive water frontage must
also be secured. For such a depot and establish-
ment, where costly machinery and material would
accumulateduringyeais of peace,the advantages
of an interior location are most manifest. These
favorable conditions are to be obtained nowhere
else so completely as on the Delaware river; and
the position of League Island, within the limits
of the city of Philadelphia, presents probably a
stronger combination of the points that are neces-
sary than any other location.
It is to be regretted that competition for sup-
posed local benefits should interfere with, retard,
and perhaps entirely defeat the Government in its
efforts to secure so importanta national establish-
ment. If in such a conflict for sectional favor the
country should lose forever the best situation for
such a navy-yard and establishment, the result
would be always deplored. The Department has
studiously avoided the controversy which has
arisen in consequence of the efforts to secure a
navy-yard at New London, which is foreign to
the question of enlarging or substituting a more
commodious establishment at Philadelphia. A
multiplicity of small yards, similar in character,
crowded into one section of the country, was not
the object or purpose of the Department in the
suggestions and recommendations which it has
from tune to time urged upon Congress. There
arc already three navy-yai ds east of the Hudson,
and should Congress deem it advisable to add
another to that section or elsewhere, it is to be
hoped that such dote' minaii-m will notinteifere
with or prevent the Government from having a
pioper establishment for the conett action of iron
vessels, iron armor, and iron v. oik uf every de-
scription for naval pui poses in the immediate vi-
cinity of the non and coal region of the mote cen-
tral portions of the Union. Such an establishment
as the Department has advised on the Delaware
would not add to the number of yards, but would
be a mere substitution, without one dollar's ex-
pense to the Government for land, of the more
commodious and extensive grounds and water
front of League Island, in place of the present
limited and lestrieted site at Philadelphia, which
is wholly inadequate and insufficient for the pur-
poses of a yaid for even wooden ships.
Among the reasons which impel me asain to
introduce this subject, and earnestly press it upon
the immediate attention of Congiess, is the fact
that the great Pennsylvania Cential railroad has
moved with a view of obtaining a portion of the
least valuable part of League Island for a depot.
The objections uiged against that position for a
navy-yard, with its woiKshops, have no weight
with Ibis company, which requires shops and
heavy work, and knows its own interest. Unless,
therefore, this free gift of over six hundred acres
of land, with a water fiont of twenty-three feet
depth, extending for more than two miles, within
the limits of Philadelphia, should be accepted
during the present session of Congress, it will
probably pass into piivate hands, and the most
desirable and available position in this country
for such a yard will be divei ted to other pui poses,
and lost forever to the Government. As a measure
of ordinary prudence, it is most earnestly recom-
mended that the offer of League Island be without
delay accepted. When plans for us improvement
shall be submitted, and an appropimi ion asked,
with a view of transferring the works at the
present yard to the new location, Congress can
then exercise its discretion m determining the
amount of expenditure proper for this purpose.
NAVY-YABD OK THE MIS = F,S1PFI.
By an actof Congress, approved June 30,IS64,
the Secretary of the Navy was " authorized and
empowered to appoint a commission, consisting
of one naval officer, one officer of the engineer
corps, and one civilian, to select the most appro-
| priate site for a navy-yard or naval station on the
! Mississippi river, or upon one of its tributaries,
