12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 5,
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. or Reps.
and to report to the next session of Congress."
In pursuance of the authority conferred on me by
this act, a commission has been constituted, and
is now engaged in making the required exam-
inations. Rear Admiral Charles H. Davis, who
has had experience as commanding officer of the
Mississippi squadron, was appointed senior mem-
ber of the commission. The Secretary of War
having been requested to name a suitable officer
of the engineer corps to be associated on this
commission, and having named and detailed
Lieutenant Colonel A. Ii. Bowman for the pur-
pose, that officer was appointed. George W.
Blunt, a civilian of nautical reputation and ability,
of the city of New York, is the third gentleman
of the commission.
NAVAL RANK.
There is in the naval branch of the public ser-
vice no rank corresponding with that of lieutenant
general. Congress has established the giade of
rear admiral, which corresponds with that of
major general, and it would be an act of recog-
nition eminently deserved, and which would be
fully appreciated by the gallant men of the Navy,
were Congress toauthonze the appointment of a
vice admiral. Such honors and preferments stim-
ulate heroes.
Among eminent commanders in our naval ser-
vice, of whom the nation may well be proud, we
have one who,all will acknowledge, merits by his
achievements as high lankasthclof any naval
officer in any country.
On the occasion of the recent brilliant victory
in the bay of Mobile, more glorious, perhaps, in
some of its incidents, even than the memorable
conflict thatgave us the possession and ultimately
restored the free navigation of the Mississippi, it
Was, beyond question, the spontaneous sentiment
of the country that the veteran hero who had illus-
trated our naval annals by these grand successes
was worthy of the highest honors, and should be
promoted to the highest naval wuik. In recom-
meudingj'theicfore, that the officc of vice admiial
should be created, and the appointment conferred
on Rear Admiral David G. Farragut, I hut re-
spond, as I believe, to the voice and wishes of
the naval service and of the whole country.
The attention of Congress, through the Naval
Committee, has lieteiofore been called to the fact
that the number of officers on the active list in the
grades of commodoie, captain, commander, and
lieutenant commander, i« not equal to t he number
of vessels? of the different rates requited bylaw to
be commanded by officcis of these grades. A email
increase was recommended ,as well as an alteration
in the law relative to filling vacancies in the grade
of admiral in time of pea<e. My l<lttei on this
subject, with the accompanying draft of a bjii,
making provision also for I ho incorporation into
the regular service of a few volunteer officers who,
by zeal,ability,and service duung the war, have
merited thisieward, will befoundm the.appendix
to this report.
ENLISTMENT
The enactments of the last session of Congress
in regard to enlistments have been in their opera-
tion beneficial to the naval service, and m a great
degree have corrected the unfortunate legislation
of the preceding session. Not only the full com-
plement of men required has entered the service,
but a surplus of many thousands of landsmen
have offered, who could not be received. But the
want of seamen is still felt. Large numbers of
that valuable class were induced to enter the
Army when high bounties were given to the sol-
diers and, withheld from the sailors. Many thou-
sand trained seamen, under those extraordinary
inducements, enlisted in the Army before the
legislation for the two branches of the public
service was equalized. Although the law now
authorizes their transfer to the Navy, a very con-
siderable portionofthem still remain in the Army,
where landsmen would be of equal service. Sea-
men are experts, and cannot be procured by draft,
or secured for an emergency like the present, any
more than engineers or accomplished gunnery
officers.
Stimulated by patriotic impulse, men may vol-
unteer to serve their country in any capacity, but
they cannot be made available as seamen without
training and experience at sea.
The organization of a man-of-war is very dif-
fcicut from that of a merchant vessel. A first-
rate sailor will soon make himself at home on
board of any ship; but the division of duties—
the system of petty officers, the exercise at quar-
ters and in boats, the discipline, the observances,
and the thorough and complete system of a man-
of-war, are unknown out of naval ships. There
are no means by which to teach landsmen to be-
come sailors except on shipboard, and there is
difficulty in inducing native Americans to enter
either the naval or merchant service. In other
countries the field of adventure is restricted; here
the avenues are many, besides ocean life. I am
not aware that any State but Massachusetts has
a nautical school. Encouragement is given to
the young in every other calling; but the naval
and merchant service, in time of peace, depend
almost entirely upon the foreigners and the home-
less for mariners to sail their ships. These men
who hardly touch the shores without finding
themselves the victims of land sharks, and who
scarcely receive a thought in the vast and gener-
ous sanitary operations, put in motion by wealth
and beneficent patriotism, have enriched our
country by their labors in commercial employ-
ments; and in danger, privation, and hardship
have adhered with unwavering fidelity to the flag,
never disappointing us, and never giving us de-
feat.
With a view of doing some measure of justice
to this meritorious but too much neglected elass,
and as a preliminary step toward their elevation
and usefulness, the Sabine has been fitted up for
the purpose of a school-ship for boys. This is,
in fact,a revival, with some modifications, of the
apprentice system, which, while it was continued,
worked beneficially for the sailorand the country.
Some measures are requisite to elevate the condi-
tion and the character of this class now, when
the sailor is neither flogged nor taught to become
a drunkard, two important steps in the right di-
rection toward making him a man to be trusted
on shore as well as afloat.
Commencing as apprentices on the school-ship,
it would be well to open to the sailor boy the way
to promotion by giving him an opportunity, if he
shall deserve it, of entering the Naval Academy.
From among the apprentices on the school-ship a
selection of one half of the midshipmen annually
appointed might be made with great advantage to
the service of the country. These apprentices,
in their preliminary training on the school-ship,
will have developed their capabilities and apti-
tude for the profession, and in transferring them
to the Academy there will not be the manifold
errors which attend so large a portion of those
who are appointed under the present system.
Were each congressional district authorized to
pl.ve t wo or more apprentices on the school-ship,
and the annual selection of midshipmen, or one
half of the midshipmen', directed to be made from
these apprentices, it would be most beneficent on
the sailor, as well as the schools and the service.
It would populaiize the Navy,and open to those
who may have enlisted the highest positions and
honors of the service.
NAVAL ACADEMY.
Congress having, by the act approved May
21,18g4, directed that " the United States Naval
Academy shall be returned to and established at
the Naval Academy grounds in Annapolis, in the
State ofMaiyland, before the commencement of
the academic year 1865," it will be necessary that
preparations should be commenced for putting the
buildings and grounds in order as early in the
ensuing spiing as the War Department can leave
them. The School and the service will be bene-
fited by having the institution permanently es-
tablished, and when this is effected it will be
enabled to pursue its career under circumstances
more favorable to the efficient training of the mid-
shipmen.
The able Superintendent, Commodore George
S. Blake, has preserved his connection with the
School during its unsettled state, and its manage-
ment, under many disadvantages, has been cred-
itable to him and his associates.
CADET ENGINEERS.
Preliminary measures have been taken to carry
into effect the law of the last session of Congress
authorizing the education at the Naval Academy
of cadet engineers, to be selected from youths not
over eighteen years of age, who shall have been
engaged at least two years in the fabrication^?
steam machinery. A circular has been issuedand
printed in the papers of the great manufacturing
cities, inviting applications in conformity to the
law.
Before this plan shall be pu't in operation, it
is respectfully submitted, in view of the radical
changes which have been wrought by steam as a
motive power for naval vessels, whether steam
engineering should not be made to constitute here-
after a necessary part of the education of all mid-
shipmen, so that in our future Navy every line
officer will be a steam engineer, and qualified to
have complete command and direction of his ship.
Hereafter every vessel-of-war must be a steam-
vessel. Those designed for ocean service will be
furnished with sails in order to economise fuel
while ciuising; the present and futuie Navy will
therefore combine sail sand steam as motive power,
and seamanship and steam-engine driving will
each be necessary to make the finished profes-
sional officer. The officers to sail and navigate a
ship and the officers to run the steam engine are
about equal in number.
The Department is not aware that any line
officer, whatever attention may have been given
by him to the theoretical study of steam, is yet
capable of taking charge of an engine, nor are
steam-engine drivers capable of taking charge of
a man-of-wal*, navigating her, fighting her guns,
and preserving her discipline. When vessels were
propelled exclusively by sails, there Were.buttwo
officers, excepting in flag-ships, the surgeon and
paymaster, who were not line officers. But un-
der the present naval system anew and additional
corps is introduced, as many steam engineers be-
ing required for a vessel as there arc line officers;
and, while ciuismg under sail, or lying in port, or
performing any duty when the engine is at rest,
one halfof the officers are, by existing lobulations,
idle and incapable of pai ticipating in duties that
a*e often laborious and oppressive on the officers
of the line, comparatively speaking. Th£ engi-
neers would willingly share these duties were they
acquainted with them. But half the officers of a
steamship cannot keep watch, cannot navigate
her, cannot exercise thegreatguna or small-arms,
nor, exceptas volunteei s under a line officer, take
part in any expedition against the enemy. On the
other hand, the other half of the officers are inca-
pable of managing the steam motive power, or of
taking charge of the engine room in an emergency,
nor can the commander of a vessel, though care-
fully taught every duty of a sailor and drill officer,
undei stand, of his own knowledge, whether the
engineers and firemen are competent or not.
The remedy for all this is very simple, provided
the principle were once recognized and adopted
of making our officers engine drivers as well as
sailors. It would not be expedient to interfere
with the present status of line officers or engineers
—the change would be too radical; but we should
begin by teaching each midshipman to be able to
discharge the duties of line officers and steam en-
gineers; to combine the two in one profession,
so that officers so educated can take their watch
alternately in the engine room and on deck.
Objections maybe made that the duties are dis-
similar, and that steam-engine driving is a spe-
cialty. The duties are not more dissimilar than
seamanship and gunnery. When seamanship
was the only education given to an officer it was
not believed he could ever learn to teach sailors to
drill, and a sergeant of marines performed the duty
which is now so admirably discharged by the
graduates of the Naval Academy. When gun-
nery became a specialty, it was inconsiderately
and unwisely proposed to have a corps of ord-
nance officers ingrafted upon the naval service,
a separate organization which should draw to it-
self the knowledge so necessary to each, and there-
fore proper to be distributed among all the officers.
Fortunately our naval officers are taught sea-
manship, gunnery, and the infantry drill, and the
service thereby saved from distinct organizations
in these respects, which would inevitably have im-
paired its efficiency. It only remains to com-
mence at this time, and as preparatory to the fu-
ture of the Navy, to teach the midshipmen steam
