704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9.
„$ie light was out and the flag down. He said he
was certain about that. I therefore turned back,
a.nd, on my way, met a polite and amiable gen-
tleman who sometimes officiates as Sergeant-at-
Arms, and who informed me that the House
was in session.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. And the
flag still waving.
Mr. ROSS. 1 made my way up here. I had
some pressing calls from some of my constit-
uents who seemed to have a claim on my atten-
tion and hospitality. Since some votes taken in
the House, and especially since the vote on the
resolution introduced by the distinguished gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Fernando Wood,]
in which a majority of the members indorsed the
principle that we should negotiate for an honor-
able peace and for a restoration of the Union, I
felt that I might with perfect safety absent my-
self for a short time, and intrust the business of
legislation in the hands of the majority. I do
not know that 1 have any other excuse. I be-
lieve I have been here as many days of this Con-
gress as any other member.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
flag is not flying over the Representatives* Hall
because about ten o'clock the halyards broke, and
the officers cannot repair them before morning.
Mr. R06S. That is the reason why I was not
here some time ago.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speak-
er, the gentleman states that in consequence of the
flag not flying over the Hall he was misled as to
the House being in session. 1 moye, as an amend-
ment, that he be excused unconditionally.
The amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Stevens's mo-
tion; and it was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I believe that
mokes a quotum.
The SPEAKER. That makes a quorum if all
the members are in the Hall.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move thatall further
proceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers, and appointed
Messrs. Ancona and Ingersoll.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 39, noes 40.
So the House refused to dispense with all fur-
ther proceedings under the call.
Mr. COX, (at twenty minutes of twelve, p. m.)
I move that the House do now adjourn,
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers.
Tellers wore not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CRAVENS moved that all further pro-
ceedings under the call be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER appointed Messrs. Morrill
and Cravens to act as tellers.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes 29, noes 39.
So the House refused to dispense with further
proceedings under the call.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts, (at fifteen
minutes of twelve O'clock,) said: Mr. Speaker, we
would now have a quorum in the Hall if some
gentlemen had not leU by unaccustomed outlets.
And as I suppose that no order will be taken in
regard to those gentlemen,and perhaps not with
any others who may leave, 1 think our remaining
here longer will be useless; I therefore move that
the House do now adjourn.
The question was taken, and decided in the
negative.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. ANCONA. I understand that the Ser-
jeant-at-Arms is here, and has made no arrests.
If my information is correct, I would ask that he
be directed to report to the House,
The SPEAKER. TheDoorkeepcr informs the
Chair that the Sergeant-at-Aims has not yet re-
turned.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to know from the
Dooi keeper whether he has allowed any mem-
bers who have been here to escape; because, if
not, then we have a quorum.
The SPEAKER. There is no door through
which membeis can leave the Hall but the one
immediately on the left of the Chair, and no mem-
bers have passed there but those under parole, to
return in a few minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. Then we should have a quo-
rum. I therefore move to dispense with all further
proceedings under the call, in order that we may
have a vote on the proposition to tax whisky on
hand. I hope we will not adjourn until we have
taken a vote on that question.
Upon this question Mr. Frank demanded tell-
ers.
Tellers were accordingly ordered.
Messrs. Frank and Ancona were appointed
tellers.
The House divided, and the tellers reported—
ayes 36, noes 41.
So the House refused to dispense with further
proceedings under the call.
Mr. WILSON. Several members are in the
Hall who have not voted; I therefore ask for a
count of the House.
The SPEAKER. If gentlemen will come in
from the cloak-room and the corridors, and will
stand so that the Chair can count them, he will
count the House.
Subsequently the Speaker announced that he
could count but eighty-six members present.
Mr. GARFIELL). Has the Sergeant-at-Arms
been heard from by the Chair?
The SPEAKER. The last the Chair has
heard from the Sergeant-at-Arms has been from
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Amos
Myers.] He supposes that that officer is en-
deavoring to find members on whom to serve
notices oT arrest.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the Doorkeeper
be sent after the Sergeant-at-Arms.
The question was taken, and,upon a division,
there appeared—ayes 21, noes 31.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. ANCONA. Would it be in order to move
that the roll be called in order to ascertain whether
a quorum is present?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that, as a
matter of information to the House, it would not
be out of order to have the roll called.
Mr. KASSON. It may avoid the necessity of
calling the roll again if 1 may be allowed to state
that there is but one wanting to a quorum. The
absence of one member, who was once excused,
renders the number present less than a quorum
by one member.
Mr. ANCONA. Then I withdraw my motion.
Mr. GARFIELD. Is there no remedy by
which tins House can enforce its authority? The
Sergeant-at-Arms has been absent now for nearly
three hours without making any report.
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes the
Sergeant-at-Arms is absent in the city looking for
members.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, asked unan-
imous consent to introduce the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the Sergeant-nt Arms, In having delayed
for neatly three hours to execute the order or this House,
ha* rendered himself liable to Us censure.
Mr. HUBBARD, nfjowa, objected.
Mr. THAYER. It i\s now twelve o'clock.
Has the morning hour now arrived?
The SPEAKER. The morning hour of this
day's session has already passed, about eleven
hours ago.
Mr. BROWN, of Wisconsin. I move that the
House now adjourn, and upon that 1 call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was then taken, and resulted—
yeas 33, nays 49, not voting 100; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boutwell, James S. Rrown. Cox, Cra-
rens, Thomas T. Davi-, Eeklej, Farn.swonh, Frank, Gns-
wold, Hale, flail, A.sahel YV. Hubfoaid, John II. Uubbaid,
Hulliuid, KulbfleUeb, Littkjohn, Long, McAllister, Mc-
Rude, Middleton, James It. Moms, Charley O'Neill, Pen-
dleton, I'myn, John II. Rice, Spalding, William G. Steele,
Tliayri, Tiacy, Ward, 13. \Vas,liburiie, Wliaiey, and
Wil-on—33.
NAY.S—Me?s.rp. Allison, Amo«, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Beainan, Boyd, liioorn-
Hll, t'obb, Dawes", Dcu)ma,Dn<m-,, Eidml^1,Eliot,G.ufidd,
Charles M. Harris, Tligby, Hohnan, Hooper, Ingersoll,
Philip Johnson, Kas&on, Kvlley, Oiiamio K>llop<*, Knox,
iioan, Marvin, McClurg, Samuel F. Miller, Momli, Moi-
iison, Li'on aid iVlyeis-, NeKon, Odeli. Puiham. I'omeioy,
Radford, SeoliehJ, Shannon, Stair, Stevens. Sules,Sirou>e,
Townsend, Up-on, Wilder, Winli<:ld,an<i Woodhutfge—i9.
NOT VOTING — Mcsbi-, James C. Allen, Willi,un J.
Allen, Alley, Aiidt'i&on, Arnold, Ashley, Bailv, Blame,
Blair, Biuss, Blow, l iand<-gce. Biuok^, VViHiani G. Hiovvn,
Chanter. Anibio-.1 W. Ciaik,' Fieemah (Jiaike, (Jl;u, Cot'-
fioth. Cole, Cteswell, Ilcnty Winter Davi--, Dawson, i>en-
iM)it, l)i\on, Donnelly, Duniont. Eden. Eil^erton, English,
Fnick, Gan>on, Gooeh, Glider, Grinnoll, Harding, Haiiing-
ton, lienj.uoin G. Hairi-s, lleinek, Hoiehkiss, Uiitchins,
Jenckcs, William Johnson, Julian, Fiance W. Keliogjr,
Kernan, Kinjj, Knapp, I,a\v. Lazear, Le Blond, Longyear,
Mailory, Marcy, McDowell, Mclndoe, McKirmcy, William
H. Miller, Moorhend, Daniel Morris, Amos Myers, Noble,
Norton. John O'Neill, Oitli, I'aitei&on, IVrty, Pike, Pi ice,
Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall, Alexander 11. Rice,
Robinson, Rogers, Edward H. Rollins, James S. Rolliti«,
Ross, Schenek, Scott, Sioan, Smith, Smithers, John B.
Steele, Stuart, Swear, Thomas, Van Vaikenbtngh, Voor-
h^es, Wadfworth, William R. Washburn, Webster,
Wheeler, Chilton A. White. Joseph W. While, Williams,
Wmdom, Benjamin Wood,Fernando Wood, Wouhingtonj
and Yeainan—100.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. ROSS. Would it he in orderto move that
additional Sergeants-at-Arma be appointed, ia
order to bring in absent members?
The SPEAKER. That motion would hardly
be in order, unless the additional officers weie
named. The Chair will state that probably the
Sergeant-at-Arms,after going down into the city
saw that the flag was down, and supposed that
the House was not in session. The flag has been
down since ten o'clock.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the Assistant
Doorkeeper be appointed a special messenger to
go for the Sergeant-at-Arms, and require his im-
mediate attendance in the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I rise to a point of
order. Wo are proceeding now against absent
members, notagainstthe Sergeant-at-Arms. Tho
motion proposes other business than that before
the House.
Mr. DAWES. In order to execute thatorder,
it is necessary to have the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The Sergeant-at-Arms
is now executing the order.
Mr. THAYER. My motion proposes no pro-
ceeding whatever against the Sergeant-at-Arms.
It simply proposes that this House shall com-
mand the attendance of one of its officers.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The officer has been
in attendance, and is now absent in pursuance of
an order of the House.
Mr. THAYER. Well, he is bound to attend
as often as the House requires his attendance.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that tho
House has the right at any time to require tho
presence of its officers. It may see fit to bring
the Sergeant-at-Arms back to revoke the order
of arrest.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think that the Sergeant-
at-Arms, during his absence, ought to be treated
fairiy. i would, therefore, move as an amend-
ment to the motion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Thayer,] that a rule be served
on the Sergeant-at-Ai rns by the Doorkeeper of
the House, requiring him to show the House
why he has not made return of the process that
was issued for the arrest of absent members.
That is the more usual proceeding against an ab-
sent officer.
Mr. THAYER. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman fiom Illinois, [Mr. Farnswortii,] that
his motion proposes a proceeding against the
Sergeant-at-Arms without any evidence thai he
is in default.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is certainly in order to
send for him that he may show why he has not
made return.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
that would be in order. The Chair thinks that
the farthest verge to which the House can go ia
to require the presence of the Sergeant-at-Arms
to give him any orders that it may see fit.
Sir. HOLMAN. There are precedents of cases
where a proposition has been made and adopud,
to i equire the Sergeant-at-Arms to show cause why
he did not serve process.
The SPEAKER. There are no such precedents
within the recollection of the Chair, and he thinks
that the motion of the gentleman from Indiana
cannot be recognized as in oider.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the Assistant
Doorkeeper be appointed to require the presence
of the Seigrant-at-Arms in the Hall.
Mr. ROSS. I hope that that motion will not
be adopted. I will say, in behalf of the Sergeant-
at-Arms, that it cannot be expected that in a city
of three or four miles in extent he could make his
return any more promptly than he has done.
When I saw him, he was discharging his duties
as lapidly as possible. I think that the proper
course would be to send more officers to assist him.
Mr. MILLER, ofNew York. I move to amend
the motion of the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania
so as to provide that the Assistant Doorkeeper b8
appointed a special messenger to arrest, under the
