THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES, WASHINGTON, D. G.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2x> Session.
SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 1865.
New Series No. 45.
warrant, of the Speaker, the absent members and
bring them to the bar of the House.
Mr. THAYER. I rise to a point of order. I
submit that the amendment is not germane to my
motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair doubts whether
the amendment is germane, it would be in order
as an independent proposition, but not as an
amendment to the motion now pending.
The motion of Mr. Thayer was not agreed to.
Mr. MILLER, of New York. I now move
that the Assistant Doorkeeper be appointed a
special messenger to go after absent members and
biing them to the bar.'
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. If we
send out another messenger we may have to wait
three or four hours longer before we hear from
him. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. Then we can send another
messenger for him.
The motion of Mr. Miller, of New York,
was not agreed to.
Air. HOLM AN. There are several of the ab-
sentees now at the door who are unable to enter.
Members. Who arc they ?
Mr. IJOLMAN. Mr. O'Neill, of Ohio, and
Mr. Flyck. I move that the Deputy Sergeant-
at-Arms be directed to take them m custody and
present them at the bar of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
A special messengerappeared at the bar, having
in custody Messrs. O'Neill and Finck, of Ohio.
TheSPEAKER. Mr. O'Neill, you have been
absent from the sessions of the House without
its leave. What excuse have you to offer ?
Mr. O'NEILL, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, my
health was such that I did not deem it prudent to
leave my room when I went home from here this
aftei noon.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the gentleman
be excused unconditionally.
The motion was ygieed to.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Finck, you have been
absent from the sessions of the House without its
leave. What excuse hjive you to oiler?
Mr. F1NOK. An informal meeting of the
Committees of the Senate and the House on the
Post Office and Post Roads took place this even-
ing at the house of the Postmaster General, and
1 hud the honor to be one of that company, it
was thought, perhaps, that we might promote the
geneial inteiest.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I move that
the gentleman be excused unconditionally.
Tlte House divided; and there weie—ayes 28,
noes 33.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the gentleman
be excused on the payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe that a quorum is
now present, and I move that all further proceed-
ings under the call be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER. There ought to be ninety-
five members present; but there are only ninety.
Mr. KASSON. Several members are in the
refreshment room who have remained beyond
their parole.
The SPEAKER. The members will be sent
for. No moie paroles will be granted until after
another call of the yeas and nays to ascertain if
a quorum is hern.
Mr. Holman's motion was disagreed to.
Mr. RADFORD. 1 move tnat the House ad-
journ, and on that motion demand the yeas and
nays.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion, as another absentee is
present.
Mr. ItADFORD. I withdraw the motion for
the [ue^f-nt.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Cofprotii, an ab-
sentee, is now present, and I move that he be
taken into custody by the Deputy S^rgeant-at-
Arms and brought to the bar of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
A special messenger appeared at the bar of
the House having in custody Mr. Coffroth.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Coffrotii, you have
been absent from the sessions of the House with-
out its leave. What excuse have you to oiler?
Mr. COFFROTH. Mr. Speaker, I have a no-
tice which was left at my hotel, and m obedicnce
to that 1 came here. The only excuse that i have
for my absence is that I promised to take a lady
to the theater, and bought the tickets this morn-
ing before I knew there would be a night session.
As I have said, a notice was left at my hotel. I
think that it was disrespectful to the House and
the member for the Sergeant>at-Arms to leave the
notice on so small a piece of paper. [Laughter.]
It says:
My Dear Sir: You are requested to report at my office
immediately, under arrest, lor absence from the House.
N. G. ORDVVAY,
Scr«canf-ai-.flrms.
Mr. JOHNSON, ofPennsylvania. Did you go
to the theater?
Mr. COFFROTH. I did.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I move
that my colleague be discharged on payment of
fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. My opin-
ion is that the Sergeant-at-Arms has been deliw-
quent in executing the warrant of the House. He
has been three hours absent, and a<3 yet we have
had none but Democrats presented here. I pro-
test against the partial action of the Sergeant-at-
Arms. No member on that side of the House
has been arrested.
A Member. Mr. Amos Myers was.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. He came
here by himself. I think that it is time we were
treated alike. I move, therefore, that all fees be
withheld from the Sergcant-at-Arms.
Mr. STROfJSE. I do not believe that we have
the right to discriminate against the Sergeant-at-
Arms in reference to fees any more than we can
take away the pay of the attaches of the House.
Mr. IIIGBY. I object to debate.
Mr. Johnson's motion was disagreed to.
Mr. RADFORD, (at twenty-five minutes to one
o'clock, a. m.) I move that the House do now
adjourn; and on that motion I demand the yeas
and nays.
Mr.NVASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers wore oulered; and Messrs.Wasiirurne,
of Illinois, and Radford, were appointed.
Mr. RADFORD. I withdraw the call for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. HOLMAN. I renew the call for the yeas
and nays, and for telleis on the yeas and nays.
We can ascertain if there is a quorum in that
way.
Mr. GARFIELD. Let me suggest that the
Speaker count the House, to ascertain if there be
a quorum here.
The SPEAKER. Therearc several members
in the cloak-room and lying upon sofas, and it
would be impossible for the Speaker to count the
House exactly.
Tellers weie ordered; and Messrs. HoopERand
Towjjsend weie appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes> 15, noes 41.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The Chair ceased giving
permits to leave the Hall half an hour ago, and
every member who is in the Capitol is now m the
Hall.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the negative—yeas 43, nays 41), not voting 90; as
follows:
YEA^—Mcsm'?. John I). Baldwin, Baxter, Boutwell,
Ciomn.ill, S. Brown, Ambro-e \V, Clatk, Cox,
Dawes, i)i EoKIey. I'M^ei ton, iii j-woid. Hale, Hooper,
Avibel W. llubbatd, John It Uubbatd, Hulburd, In«j«*r-
vll. Kalbfici-ch. Liul- join). Long, McAllister, Mi Brule,
MuMldon, iWoriiJl, James R. Morn.--, Amos Myers,
Chatles O'Neill, Pendleton, i'lk-j. Prnyn, Radlord, John
H. Iliee, Seoheld, Shannon, Spalding, "si.irr, William G.
Steele, Stioutfe,Tha}er,Tracy, Waid,a.udElihu 15. Wash-
bunir
45
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ancona, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Beaman, Boyd, Cobb, Cofiroth, Cravens, Thomas
T. Davis, Dealing, Eldridge, Eliot. Farnsworth, Fmck,
Frank, Garfield, Hall, Charles M. IIariis , lligby, Holman,
Philip Johnson, Kasson, ICelley, Orlando Kelloge, Knox,
Loan, Marvin, McClurg, Samuel F. Milter, Morrison,
Leonard Myers, Nelson, Odell, John O'Neill, Perhnm,
Pomeroy, Ross, Stevens, Stiles, Townpend, Upson, Wil-
liam B. Washburn, Whaley, Wilder, Wilson, Winfield,
Woodbridsje. and Worthmgton—49.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J.
Alien, Alley, Anderson, Arnold, Ashley, Baiiy, Blaine,
Blair, Bliss, Blow, Brandejree. Brooks, William G. Brown,
Clmnler, Freeman Clarke, Clay, Cole, Creswell, Henry
Winter Davis, Dawson, Denison, Dixon, Donnelly, Du-
mont, Eden, English, Gan&on. Gooeh, Gnder, Grinnell,
Hardin?, Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris, llerriek, Hotch-
kiss, Hiirchlns, Jenckes, William Johnson, Julian, Fianeis
W. ICellogg, Kernan, King, Knapp, Law, Ln'/.ear, Lo
Blond, Longyear, Mallory, Marey, McDowell, Mcludoc,
McKinney, William II. Miller, Moorhead, Daniel Morris,
Noble, Noiton, Orth, Patterson, Peiry, Puce, Samuel J.
Randall, William II Randall, Alexander H. Rice, Robin-
son, Roger*,Edward II. Rollins, James S. Rollins, Schenck,
Scott, Sloan, Smith, Smithers, John B. Steele, Stuart,
Sweat,Thomas, Van Valketiburgb. Voorheeg, Wad^wortb,
Webster, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White,
Williams, Window, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood,
and Yeaman—90.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. STEVENS. A quorum being now pres-
ent, I move that all further proceedings under the
call be dispensed with, and I hope the House
will not adjourn until we have taken a vote on
the amendment pending in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that the House
resolve itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the special order.
Mr. SPALDING, (at twelve minutes to one
o'clock, p. m.) I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The question was taken; and the House refused
to adjourn—ayes 17, noes 63.
The SPEAKER. No quorum has voted.
Mr. SHANNON. Several members have left
the Hall since the doors were opened.
The SPEAKER. The doors were opened as
soon as further proceedings under the call were
dispensed with.
Mr. COX. What is the motion before the House?
The SPEAKER. A motion to go into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. COX. I call for telleis on that motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Can any mo-
tion be entertained before a quorum is present?
The SPEAKER. It cannot. The fact that no
quorum is found to be present arrests all business
until a quorum shall appear.
Mr. GARFIELD, i move that there be a call
of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So n call of the House was ordered.
The roll wascalled; and the following members
failed to answer to their names:
Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, Alley, Ander-
son, Arnold, Ashley, Baily, Blame, Blair, Ulisti, Blow,
Brandegee, Brooks, William G. Brown, Clmnler, Freeman
Clarke, Clav, Cole, Creswell, Homy Winter Davis, Dawes,
Dawson, Denton, Dixon, Donnelly, Dumunt, Eden, Eng-
lish, Fai nsW'orth, Gan-on, Gooeh, Grider, Grinned, Il.ml-
j11it, Harrington, Benjamin G. Hums, IJeriick, ilolinan,
IJutehkis*, Hotehms, Jencke?, William Johnson, Julian,
Franeit. W. Ki-rnan, Km?, Knapp, Law.La/.ear,
Lo Blond, Lonsrye.tr, Mallory, Marey, McAllister, Mc-
Dowell, Melndoe, McKinney, William II. Miller, Moor-
head, Daniel Moms. Noble, Norton, Orth, Patterson, Pei ry,
Pike, Pi ice, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall, Alex-
antler II. Riee, Robinson, Rogcis, L2ilw,ird II. Rfilhn , James
S Rollins, Sehenck, Seott, Sloan, Smith, Smithers, Spald-
ing, John B. Steele, William G. Steele, Stuart, Sweat,
Thomas. Van Valkenburgh, Vooihees, Wad.wvorth, Web-
f-tei, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White,
Williams, Windoin, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood,
and Yeaman.
The SPEAKER. The Dooikeeper will now
close the doors of the Hall, and the names of the
absentees will he called for excuses.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the names of the
members who were excused foi cause on the last
ro!l-e<< 11 be omitted in the present call.
There being no objection,
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will pass overthe
names of members excused on the first call.
The names of the absentees, who were not
