186-4.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13
38tii Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
engineering as applied to running the engine.
This would be iridependcntof theartof designing
and constructing, which is purely a specialty and
nowise necessary in the management and direc-
tion of the ship. And to this specialty, as a highly
scientific body of officers, would the present corps
of engineers be always required as inspectors and
constructors of machinery. With the adoption
of the suggestions here made we shall in due time
have a homogeneous corps of officers who will be
masters of the motive power of their ships in the
future as they'have been of seamanship in the
past. By this arrangement there will be in each
ship double (he number of officers capable of fight-
ing and running the vessel without additional ap-
pointments or expense. Innumerable other ad-
vantages commend the plan as worthy of trial,
and it is presented for favorable consideration.
The work can be commenced and carried forward
at the Naval Academy without any additional
appropriation, and the authority of Congress is
invoked in behalf of the suggestions here sub-
mitted.
PRIZES AND PENSIONS.
The number of vessels captured by the squad-
rons since the last annual report, and reported to
the Department prior to November 1, is 324, classi-
fied as follows: schooners, 105; steamers, 88;
sloops, 40; brigs, 3; barks, 3; small boats, 85.
The total number of captures since the commence-
mentofthe rebellion is 1,379, namely: schooners,
652; steamers, 267; sloops, 171; brigs, 33; barks,
29; ships, 15; yachts and small boats, 117.
The proses proceeds arising from the sale of con-
demned prize property amount to $14,396,250 51;
expenses, $1,237,153 96; leaving for distribution,
one half to the captors, and one half to the United
States asa naval pension fund, §13,190,841 46.
Annexed to this report is a table giving the
names of vessels captured, date of capture, name
of capturing vessel, &c. Also a list of cases
already adjudicated, showing the gross proceeds
of sale, the expense of condemnation, and the net
amount for distribution.
A joint resolution of Congress, approved on the
1st of July last, authorized the Secretary of the
Navy to invest so much of the naval pension fund
as was not required for the immediate paymentor
pensions in the registered securities of the United
States. Under the authority con' rred upon me, I
have invested §5,000,000, as provided in the reso-
lution, and on the 1st of January next there will
' be the further sum of §2,000,000, which can be in-
vested without interfering with the prompt pay-
ment of pensions. This amount will yield an
annual income of §420,000, sufficient foi the pay-
ment of theentiie pension roll. It affords me no
littlegratification to be able to state that our brave
officers and seamen, besides realizing handsome
sums for themselves, have created a fund, the in-
come from which will, doubtless, beample for the
payment of the authorized pension to those who
have been wounded, and to the widows and or-
phans of those who have been killed in the service,
or died from disease contracted in the line of duty,
without calling upon the national Treasury.
The pension roll on the 1st of November, 1864,
was as follows:
769 invalids with pensions amounting to.. $50,401 10
840 widows and oiplians amounting to  139,253 00
1,609 persons receiving a total amount of.... $1S9.659 10
In this connection I ask attention to the sugges-
tions of the Chief of the Bureau of Medicine and
Surgery relative to naval pensions. The act of
Congress approved July 11, 1862, regulating pen-
sions, makes no piovision for the new grades of
the Navy—rear admiral, commodore, lieutenant
commander,&c.—authorized by act of Congress
on the 16th of July of the same year. The act
should be so revised as to include these grades,
and it is suggested that a better adaptation of the
amount of pension to the responsibility of the of-
ficer might be advantageously made. The high-
est pay now authorized is thirty dollars per month,
the family of a captain receiving no more than the
family of a master commanding, and is a reduc-
tionof twenty dollars pel month from the amount
formeily paid. The actof Congress approved on
the 4th of July last provides that a person in the
" military service5' who shall lose both feet shall
receive a pension of twenty dollars per month, and
those who shall lose both hands twenty-five dollars
per month. As the law is construed not to include
persons in the naval service, those who have suf-
fered a similar loss in the Navy continue to receive
but eightorten dollars per month—an inequality
which it is believed was not intended. I suggest
such changes in the law as will place the sailor
upon the same footing as the soldier.
PRIZE LAW.
The seventh section of the act in relation to
abandoned and captured property, approved July
2, 1864, reverses the law of prize as it stood prior
to the present rebellion, and also as adjudged and
applied since the commencement of the rebellion
by the courts in their exercise of prize jurisdic-
tion. It reverses also for the future the public
policy of the country upon the subject, as mani-
fested in the legislation of Congress both before
the rebellion and since its commencement up to
the date of this act.
This abrupt reversal of settled law and of public
policy in regard to "property seized or taken
upon any inland waters of the United States by
the naval forces thereof," was not, I apprehend,
well considered, and does not appear to have un-
dergone discussion in either branch of Congress.
Whether the words " no property seized or taken
upon any inland waters of the United States by
the naval forces thereof" comprehend not only
cargoes, but vessels, may be questioned; but it
can hardly be supposed that Congress intended
to deny that naval vessels captured m naval con-
flict, as at New Orleans, or Memphis, or in Mo-
bile bay, are the legitimate sub ectof prize. The
same is true also of transports, armed or un-
aimed, conveying the troops or munitions of an
enemy, which may be captuied. It seems im-
probable that to deprive such captures of the
character of prize could have been deliberately
intended.
Do the words " any inland water* of the United
States" embrace the Chesapeake and Delaware
bays, the bay of Mobile, and Lake Pont char tt am ?
By the terms of this section the naval officer
seizing or taking property has the option either
to send it in to the counts or to turn it over under
the act of March 12, 1863, to the Treasury agent.
No one but the naval seizer has this option. All
other persons must turn over their seizures to the
Treasury agent. It is difficult to perceive the pur-
pose for which this distinction is made. The
pioperty seized is either liable to capture and
condemnation as prize, or it is not. If it be so
liable, he is bound to send it to the prize court.
"Why, then, should we have authority to tuin it
ovpr to the Treasury agent? and if it be not so
liable, why should the naval seizer alone be re-
lieved from the obligation of sending it to the
Treasury agent?
If it be the object of the section to takeaway the
character of prize of war from all property which
may be captured by naval forces on the inland
waters of the United States, it is respectfully sub-
mitted whether its repeal is not demanded by the
highest considerations of public policy. The in-
land waters of the United States constitute cruis-
ing stations of vast extent, and so situated as to
be *of supreYne importance in the prosecution of
this, or, indeed, of any maritime war. These
waters offer the readiest naval access to vast
amounts of commercial property belonging to
those who are now waging war against the Gov-
ernment. The property, both public and private,
found upon these waters and along their shores
belonging to the enemy is, under the public law
of war, liable to capture by naval belligerents, and
when so captured, to condemnation as prize of
war. By the exercise of this right, a naval force
can reach and capture property which should be
taken from an enemy, and which is yet left un-
touched by our statutes.
Upon the inland waters within the insurrection-
ary region, or affording access to or egress from
it, our naval vessels are now in great numbeis,
and while the war lasts will continue to be en-
gaged in belligerent operations. Why should the
law intervene and deprive that pait of the Navy
of one of its primary belligerent rights? It cer-
tainly could not have been intended to cripple the
powerof the Navy to cripple the enemy, or by law
to hedge round and protect from capture and con-
demnation an enemy's property. The service on
inland waters is not less difficult, perilous, and
harassing than that on the sea, that there should
be this discrimination against it, nor has it been
less useful to the country.
Under the operation of this act no more of the
proceeds of any capture go into the Treasury than
under the law of war, because the sixth section
authorizes the allowance of a moiety to "inform-
ers, collectors of the customs, and other persons,"
as an incentive to "vigilance in protecting the pub-
lic interest." In faking this moiety from the offi-
cers and crews who make the captures, and con-
ferring it on the informer or custom-house officer,
the Treasury and country are not benefited. The
right to make capture or prize of war, in all places
and upon all property, subject to the law of war,
is one of the encouragements which maritime
nations have extended to their navies in all time,
and ours has been no exception until this enact-
ment. The exercise of this right, in cutting off
the resources of an enemy, is one of the chief
methods by which nations seek to bring war to a
close.
There is no reason why in this war against the
rebellion an ancien tand rightful proceeding should
be abandoned, and a ruie adopted that must oper-
ate to our national injury in all wars. I can see
no reason upon which to conclude that in fighting
down this rebellion we should reverse ail pre-
vious usage and law, either as against the rebels
themselves, or their abettors, or the property
upon which they rely for their resources, or why,
indeed, we should relinquish any one belligerent
right. On the contrary, it will be well to pre-
serve to our Navy upon all the waters where it
can float or fight all its rights of warunimpaired.
With these views the expediency of a repeal of
the seventh section of the act alluded to is recom-
mended, and the substitution in its placeof some
provision of like effect to that which is found in
the last section of the act upon the same subject
uppioved Maich 12, 18G3.
CONTRACTS.
The present contract system is open to many
and serious objections. Whatever may have
been its merits when originally established, the
condition of the country and of trade has so
changed as to render essential modifications ne-
cessary, if not the abrogation of the system itself.
The instability of prices, and a using market
during the progress of the war, have made it diffi-
cult, and, in some instances, almost impossible
to procure offers for contracts to furnish yearly
supplies for the Navy from honest and reliable
contractors at a rate which does not contemplate
the highest market price of gold, as well as long
delay in the time of payment. Any change for
the better in the condition of the country or the
market will be a gain to the contractor who has
an annual co.ntract, and a corresponding loss to
the Government.
A pioposal made the present year for the an-
nual supply of flax canvas, which is mostly
imported, illustrates this point. The bids were
received when exchange was at nearly the high-
est rate it has attained, and from an honorable
and reliable contractor who has for years supplied
theGovernmentfdithfully. The aggregate of the
offer was, for pay men tin currency, $1,428,719 50,
or for payment in gold, or its equivalent, at the
time each bill was paid, §536,923. There was no
ultei native under the law other than to accept the
cuirency bid, and as the rate of exchange has
fallen, there has been a corresponding increase of
profits to the contractor.
In this case, and others of like character, the
true interest of the Government would undoubt-
edly be promoted, were the Department permit-
ted to assume the risk, and omit making annual
contracts, relying upon purchases as wanted, un-
der the direction of the Department, at the current
market price. The Government is seldom bene-
fited by a tise in prices; for while the laws com-
pel its agents to pursue a definite coursc of action,
the contractor generally finds little difficulty m
evading penalties, and a losing contract is there-
foie abandoned. It is worthy of serious^consid-
eration whether, for the present at least, it would
not be for the true interest of the Government to
