'20
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 5,
■38TH OC>NG...".2]>Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Eei-s.
The nlaximumamountfor which a.money order
can be issued is fixed by law at thirty dollars, the
object of the' system bei ngto afford a cheap, im me-
diate, and-safe agency for the transfer-through the
mails of small sums of money. The tendency of
■ the system is toexelude money from the mails,
* the presence of which in letters ia a frequen t cause
of the liras of correspondence; even when the latter
does not contain money. The limit of thirty dol-
lars is-believed to be sufficiently large to include
all that class of remittances now sent in money
through the mails, but in exceptional cases more
than one order can be procured. The average
amount contained in each money letter received
at the dead letter office during the fiscal year 1863
-was $4 53;during 1863,itwas$4 20; and "in 1864,
$5 18; showing that, as si rule, money remittances
by mail-are made in small amounts.
Tlie mode by which safety in the transfer of
money is secured, consists in leaving out of the
order'the name of the payee or party for whom
the money is intended. .In this respect a money
order differs from an ordinary bank draft or check.
When a money order is applied for, the post-
master will furnish the applicant with a printed
form of application, in which the latter will enter
all the particulars of amount, the name, address,
&c., required to be stated in the money order and
advice. From the items contained in such appli-
cation the postmaster will fill up the money order
and also the corresponding form of advice. The
order, when completed, is handed to the applicant,
upon payment of the sum expressed therein and
of the fee chargeable thereon. By the mail im-
mediately following the issue of a money order,
the postmaster transmits the corresponding ad-
vice tothepostmasteratthe office upon whichitis
drawn. 1 he latter is thus furnished, before the
order itself can be presented, with the necessary
information to detect fraud, if any should be at-
tempted. A money order is rendered invalid un-
less it is presented to the postmaster on whom it is
drawn within ninety days from its date; but the
Postmaster General can issue a new order on the
application of the payee, upon the payment of a
second fee. The same course is to be pursued
should the order be lost. In this case, the payee
is to furnish a statement, under oath, that the older
has been lost or destroyed, accompanied by the
certificate of the postmaster that it lias not been
paid, and will not be paid if thereafter pre-
sented. The payee may transfer his order to
another party by his indorsement to that effect;
but more than one indorsement is prohibited.
Persons, therefore, residing at places in the vicin-
ity of those designated in the list of money-order
offices can generally avail thertiselvcs of this sys-
tem.
In commencing the money-order business, it has
been deemed expedient to begin with the larger
offices, and extend it to others tts rapidly as pos-
sible. Measures will also be taken for its intro-
duction in the Army.
The establishment of the system in this coun-
try will no doubt lead to arrangements for the in-
terchange of international money orders with the
several foreign countries with which we have di-
rect postal relations.
By the eleventh section of the act above referred
to, postmasters are prohibited from depositing in
ony bank, money-order fund's of which they have
the Custody. I would respectfully suggest that
the business would be facilitated by enabling the
postmasters having moneys from this source to
deposit in the national banks designated by the
Secretary of the Treasury as depositories of the
public moneys, to their own credit, and at their
risk, and thereby lelicve the Department from the
necessity of furnishing vaults and safes. Sub-
stantial advantages would also result to the public
interests by permitting all deputy postmasters to
deposit in these banks any public moneys in their
liands, under like conditions; and I recommend
such modification of the law as will authorize
such deposits to be made under the direction of
the Postmaster General.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your
obedient servant,
WILLIAM DENNISON,
Poslipiisler General.
The President.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Department op the Interior,
Washington, Decembtf 5,1864.
Sir: I have the honor to submit for your infor-
mation, and the consideration of Congress, the
following synopsis of results attained during the
past year in those branches of the public service
which have been placed by law under the super-
vision and control of this Department.
Prom the foundation of the Government to the
present time the management and disposal of the
public lands have engrossed a large share of the
public attention. Of the 2,000,000,000 acres em-
braced in the territorial extent of the United States,
1,400,000,000 belonged to the public domain.
By a liberal policy in granting and selling lands,
about one thiid of this vast patrimony has been
disposed of, leaving about 1,000,000,000 acres
still the property of the Government. About one
fourth of all the laws that have been enacted by
Congress relate to the public lands, and to the
settlement of the land claims derived from the
Governments which formerly had jurisdiction of
the soil.
At some periods of our national history, a con-
siderable income to the Treasury was derived from
sales, and at others, the cash receipts declined to
a sum but little exceeding the cost of administer-
ing the land system. During the first sixty years
of the present century, the average income from
sales was §2,750,000 per year, and the quantity
disposed of by sales, and for military bounties,
was about 205,000,000 acres.
During the last ten years the income from lands
was less thorn during the preceding decade. This
was occasioned by the large quantities of land-
granted for internal improvements and for mili-
tary and other purposes—which have competed,
in the market, with the lands of the United States;
and, more recently, by the passage of the home-
stead law, under which large quantities have been
entered at nominal rates. The annual receipts
from ordinary sales for four years past have been
as follows:
For the year ending Julie 30, 1861 §884,887 03
For ilie year ending June 30,1862  135,0-18 30
For the year ending June 30, 1803  130,077 9.-)
For tlie year ending June 30, 1861  078,007 21
The depressing influences of civil war have
been felt during the lost three years, but the re-
sults for that just closed demonstrate a revival of
the annual demand for the public lands, particu-
larly for settlement and cultivation.
During the year ending June 30, 1864, public
lands have been disposed of as follows:
Acres sold for cash  433,773.90
Acres located with military wairants  515,900.00
Acics loeatcd with agncultuial f-ciip  214,418.14
Aeies certified to States for l-nihouds   857,180.87
Acres taken undei the homestead law 1,201,592.61
Aercs disposed of during the vcai 3,281,865.52
During the quarter ending September 30, 1864,
the aggregate quantity taken tor tiie same
purpose was  939,476.90
Making a total of 4,221,342.43
The cash receipts for sales, homestead and
location fees for the same five quarters, were
$1,019,446 44.
Thenggregatequantity ofpubliclandssurveyed,
but not disposed of, was, on the 30th September
last, 133,517,587 acres. This has been the aver-
age quantity for several years past. The amount
surveyed annually has been about equal to that
disposed of annually.
Nineteen States have accepted the provisions
of the acts donating lands " for the benefit of agri-
culture and the mechanic arts," and have received
land and land scrip amounting to 4,950,000 acres.
The jurisdiction conferred on this Depaitment
by the act of Congress of March 3, 1851, for the
definite location of confirmed private land claims
m California was taken from it by an act ap-
provedjune 14,1860,buthas been recentlyrestored
under the act approved July 1,1864. The quan-
tity of land embraced in ail the confirmations to
the present date is 4,366,974 acres; of which
2,430,906.60 acres have beenfinally surveyedand
patented. What lemuins to be done, in the im-
portant work of severing the private fiorn tlie
public lands in that State, will be prosecuted with
diligence, and brought to completion as rapidly
as possible.
Under the acts, of Congress of July 1, 1862,
and July 2, 1864, making grants of land to aid
the construction of railroad and telegraph lines
to the Pacific coast, the initial point of the main
line of railroad from the Missouri river westward
has been fixed at Omaha, Nebraska, and the defi-
nite location of the road for one hundred miles
west from that point has been approved by the
President. The route of the Pacific railroad of
California lias been selected, and a map of the
preliminary location thereof, from Sacramento
eastward to the great bend of the Truckee river,
in Nevada, has been filed in this Department.
The lands along these routes for twerrty-five miles,
on both sides, have been withdrawn from market,
pursuant to the requirements of the act of 1862.
In the administration of thelaws regulating the
grants of swamplands to the States, and author-
izing the allowance of indemnity in certain cases,
where swamp lands have been sold by the Uni-
ted States, a liberal construction has been adopted
and a generous policy pursued. No alteration
of these laws is demanded by principles of jus-
tice. An extension of the indemnity, or of the
time now prescribed bylaw for selecting swamp
lands, would, in my opinion, be prejudicial to the
interests of the United States.
The claim of the Missionary Society of tha
Methodist Episcopal church to lands at the Dalles
of the Columbia river in Oregon, based upon the
first section of the act of Congress approved
August 14, 1848, having been brought before
this Department upon appeal on the 27th of April
last, 1 requested the advice of the Attorney Gen-
eral of the United States touching the lawarising
upon the facts disclosed by the papers in the
case. On the 27th of May I had the honor to
receive his reply, stating that, in his opinion, the
question presented was " purely judicial, and not
proper to be determined by an executive officer."
In deference to this opinion, the Department de-
clined making a decision in that and a similar
case then before it. Proceedings in all such
cases under that act have been suspended in the
General Land Oifice and m the subordinate offices
in Oregon.
For further details in reference to the public
lands, I respectfully refer to the annual report of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
During the past year additional discoveries of
precious metals, particularly of silver, have been
made in the region flanking, on the eastward, the
extended mountain ranges of the Sierra Nevada.
A vast belt of some one or two hundred miles in
width, and eight or nine bundled in length, em-
bracing portions of Idaho, Nevada, and Arizona,
is rich in silver ore. Owing to the remote local-
ity of these mines, and the difficulty of transpor-
tation thereto, but little machinery well adapted
to the rapid and economical reduction of the va-
rious ores has been introduced. In that portion
of Nevada through which the Pacific railroad
will pass, many rich veins have been found, and
it is estimated by persons familiar with the sub-
ject, that, if the mines now opened there were
supplied with the proper machinery, they would
yield J10,000,000 per month. In the same region
vast beds of salt have also been found, which,
from its value in theprocessof sepaiating the sil-
ver in the ores, has given a fresh impulse to min-
ing. When we reflect that the region of country
in which deposits of the precious metals abound
includes large portions of three States and six
Territories, and that the richest veins of ore here-
tofore discovered are as yet butslightly developed,
while new discoveries are constantly made, it will
be perceived that the annual productof the mines
in the United States must soon reach a magnitude
without precedent in the hisory of mining opera-
tions.
^ The wealth imbedded in the rocks of that exten-
sive region is actually inexhaustible, and it will
furnish in future years, indirectly, a principal
part of our means of liquidating the debt con-
tracted liy the Government for tlie overthrow of
the great rebellion. As a measure tending to
accelerate tlie reduction of these vast mineral de-
posits into available wealth, and to strengthen tha
