1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*713 •
" them," in line seven of section six, to insert
" and having knowledge as aforesaid.'*
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eleven of sec-
tion six, to strike out the words "and null," so
as to read, " illegal and void."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines seven and
eight of section seven, to strike out the words
"sued for, conditioned for the full payment of all
damages, costs, and expenses adjudged by the
court," and in lieu of them to insert, " of the
value of the property attached, conditioned for
the return of said property, or to answer any
judgment which may be rendered- by the court in
the premises."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, provides, in the first sec-
tion, that where debts are due from postmasters,
mail contractors, or other officers, agents, or em-
ployes of the Post Office Department, who are
in default or delinquency, a warrant of attach-
ment may issue against all property, possessions,
. and rights legal, equitable, and contingent, be-
longing to such officer and his sureties, or either
of them, in the following cases: Fust. When any
such officer, agent, or employe, and his sureties,
or either them, lias, within the meaning of the
act of July 17, 1862, chapter one hundred and
ninety-five, and the proclamation of the President
in pursuance thereof, dated July 25, 1862, par-
ticipated in, aided, abetted, or countenanced any
rebellion against the United States. Second.
When such officer, agent, or employe, and his
sureties, or either of them, is a no -iesident of
the district where such officer was appointed, or
has departed from such district for the purpose of
residing permanently out of such distuct, or of
defrauding the United States, or of avoiding the
service of ci vil process. Third. When such offi-
cer or his sureties, or either of them, has con-
veyed away or is about to convey away his prop-
eity, or any pait thereof, or lias lemoved or is
about to remove Ins pioperty, or any part there-
of, from the distiict wherein the same is situated,
with intent to defraud the United States. And
where such removal has taken place, certified
copies of the wairant may besentto the marshal
of any other district into which the property may
have been removed, under which certified copies
it shall be lawful for the maishal to seize such
property and convey it to some convenient point
•within the jurisdiction of the court from which
the warrant originally issued. Alias wairants
may issue upon due application, and the validity
of the warrant first issued shall continue until the
return dav thereof.
The second section provides that application
for such wan-ant may be made by any district
attorney or assistant district attorney, or any
other person authorized by the Postmaster Gen-
eral, before any judse, or, in his absence, before
any clerk of any court of the United States hav-
ing original jurisdiction of the cause of action.
The application is to be made upon an affidavit
of the applicant, or some other credible person,
stating the existence of either of the grounds of
attachment enumerated in the first section, and
upon production of legal evidence of the debt.
Upon such application, and upon due order of any
judge of the court, or, in the absence of any judge,
without such order, the clerk is to issue a warrant
for the attachment of all the property of any kind
belonging to the party or parties specified in the
affidavit, which warrant is to be executed with all
possible dispatch by the marshal, who is to take
the property attached into his custody, and hold
it subjectto all interlocutory or final orders of the
court.
By the third section the party whose property
is attached may, at any time within twenty days
before the return day of the warrant, on giving to
the district attorney notice of his intention, file a
plea in abatement, traversing the allegations of the
affidavit, or denying the ownership of the prop-
el ty attached in the defendants,oreitherof them;
in which case the court may, upon application of
either party, order an immediate trial by jury of
the issues raised by the affidavit and plea. _ But
the parties may, by consent, waive a tnal by jury,
in which case the court shall decide the issues
raised by the affidavitand plea. Any party claim-
ing ownership of the property attached and its
specific return is to be confined to the remedy
afforded by the act, but his right to an action of
trespass or other action for damages is not to be
impaired by it.
The fourth section provides that when the prop-
erty attached shall be sold on any interlocutory or-
der of the court, or when it shall be producing any
revenue, the money arising from such sale or rev-
enue shall be invested in securities of the United
States, under the order of the court, and all ac-
cretions shall be held subject to the order of the
court.
Ey the fifth section, immediately upon the ex-
ecution of the warrant of attachment, the mar-
shal is to cause due publication of such attach-
ment to be made, in the case of absconding debt-
ors or adherents of the rebellion, for two months,
and in case of non-residents for four months.
Such publication is to be made in some newspa-
per or newspapers within the district where the
property attached is situated, and the details of
the publication are to be regulated in each case by
the order under which the wan ant is issued.
Ey the sixth section it is provided that after
the first publication of the notice of attachment
in all the newspapers required, every person in-
debted to the defendants, or either of them, and
having knowledge of such ndtice, whose prop-
erty is liable to attachment, and every person
having possession of any property belonging to
such defendants, or either of tliein,and having
such knowledge, is to account and answer for the
amount of such debt, tuid foi the value of such
property, and any disposal orattemptto dispose
of any such property to the injury of the United
States shall be illegal and void. When the per-
son or persons so indebted to or having posses-
sion of the property of the defendants, or either
of them, shall be known to the district attorney,
or the marshal, it shall be the duty of such offi-
cer to see that personal notice of such attach-
ment is served upon such persons, as in the cases
of garnishees; but the want of such notice shall
not invalidate the attachment.
The seventh section declares that upon appli-
cation of the party whose property has been at-
tached the court, or any judge thereof, may dis-
charge the warrant of attachment as to the prop-
erty of the applicant; but the applicant is to en-
ter into and execute to the United States a good
and sufficient penal bond in double the amount of
the value of tiie property attached, conditioned
for the return of the property, or to answer any
judgment which may be rendered by the court in
'the premises, which bond is to be approved by
the court, or any judge thereof.
■The eighth section prescribes that the fees,
costs, and expenses of issuing and serving the
warrants of attachment shall be regulated, as far
as possible, by the existing laws of the United
States and the rules of court made in pursuance
thereof. In the case of preliminary trials as to
the validity of the attach men tor the right of prop-
erty, clerks' and marshals'fees shall be the same
as in ordinary cases, and the docket fee of the
district attorney shall be ten dollars.
According to the ninth section this act is not to
be construed so as to limit or abudge in any man-
ner such rights of the United States as have ac-
crued or been allowed i  any distuct under the
former practice of the United States courts or the
adoption of State laws by those courts.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In line six of the first sec-
tion, to make the bill a little more specific, 1 move
to insert the words " real and personal" after
" property."
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it not very general now?
Does it not say " all property?"
Mr. TRUMBULL, ltsays " against all prop-
erty;" butl will state to the Senator from Mary-
laud that a subsequent section, section two, makes
it the duty of the marshal to take all properly into
his possession. As the word "propeity" is used
in both instances 1 was apprehensive it might be
construed by the courts to confine the attachment
simply to personal property. Of course the mar-
shal cannot take real property into his own pos-
session, and it is not intended that he should take
the actual possession of real estate, and turn the
party in possession out of occupuncy.
Mr. JOHNSON. There was a provision which
looked to his taking possession of real estate in
one district and removing it to another, but we
altered that, I think.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That of course could cnly
apply to personalty.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly; but the language
unaltered would seem to include real as well as
personal property.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As to the removal?,.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, sir; that is the case in
the original bill, as 1 remember.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would only apply,
as a matter of course, to personal property. The
amendment I suggest can do no harm, at any rate.
I move to insert the words " real and personal"
after the word " property" in the sixth line of the
first section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In line seventeen of sec-
tion two, after the word "attached," I move to
insert "if personal," so as to read, " who shall
take the property attached, if personal, into his
custody."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading; and it was read the third time, and passed.
REFUGEE INDIANS.
On motion by Mr. DOOLITTLE, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 85) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to issue cer-
tain bonds for feeding the refugee Indians.
Mr. HARLAN. Under existing laws, it is the
duty of the Secretary of the Interior to report to
Congress a statement of the manner ill which the
funds have been expended for the preceding year
in support of these refugee Indians. Some of
these accounts have been sent in and some have
not been. The accounts are not here for the
quarter ending the 1st of December last. 1 have
called at the office for the purpose of seeing them,
and have been informed that they are in the
hands of clerks, going through the process of
being copied. Before this resolution is acted on,
I should prefer to see those accounts; they will
be here in a few days. 1 therefore suggest to
the chairman of the committee that it would be
as well to let the joint lesolution go over until
that statement comes in; and I move that its
further consideration be postponed until to-mor-
row.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not feel inclined to
oppose the motion of my honorable friend from
Iowa. I desire myself to see these accounts,
although 1 am perfectly well satisfied that the
expenditures will not exceed the amount which is
called for in this resolution. 1 have no objection
to its going over until to-morrow.
Mr. HARLAN. I prefer to take that course.
I behove these accounts will be in in a few days
and we shall be able to look them over. Proba-
bly 1 shall then have no objection to the passage
of the resolution.
The motion to postpone was agreed to.
AGRICULTURAL CENSUS REPORT.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I ask consent of the
Senate to take from the table a resolution which
was reported from the Committee on Agriculture,
for printing two thousand copies of a portion of
the Census Report. It is important that it should
be passed.
Mr. MORRILL. I notice that the Senator
from Rhode Island [Mr. Anthony] who is not
now in his seat, seemed to take ail interest in that
subject, and I suppose the Senator docs not desire
to take it up in iiis absence.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have the consent
of the Senator to whom the Senator from Maine
alludes, to the passage of this resolution, and am
| authorized by him to state that the expense of
; this publication will be very slight indeed, only
about forty-six hundred dollars.
Mr. COLLAMER. Pour thousand six hun-
died dollars!
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I desire to state, for
^ the benefit of the Senator from Vermont, that the
suggestion he made will notanswer the purpose, to
deduct one volume from the thiee furnished to us;
that would destroy the usefulness of the three, anil
the persons to whom he would send one volume
would at once want the whole three volumes. It
would affect us very materially.
Mr. COLLAMER. That will be the same with
every man to whom this is sent; he will want the
other volumes.
