714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. But it does not de-
stroy our volumes.
Mr. COLLAMER. The result will be that
every man who receives this volume, aquarto vol-
ume, through the Commissioner of Agriculture,
will of course be importunate to have the other
volumes to fill up the sets. I do not believe this
is the end.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. But the suggestion
of the Senator from Vermont was that he would
have one volume extracted from a set. It cannot
be done in the way he suggested.
Mr. COLLAMER. Every man who receives
this receives a single volume, a broken set, and
will want the others.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. This is demanded by
the Commissioner, who seems to be very anxious
about it. I should like to have the ear of the Sen-
ator from Iowa [Mr. Harlan.] This is the ios-
olution introduced by him to furnish to the Com-
missioner of Agriculture two thousand copies of
the agricultural portion of the Census Report.
Mr. HARLAN. I understand that the Com-
missioner of Agriculture desires to use these vol-
umes to distribute to the correspondents with the
office. He has several thousand, 1 think, scattered
all over the country, from whom he gains infor-
mation, statistics, and knowledge of the condition
of the crops; and lie believes that the possession
of these books by those correspondents would en-
able them to correspond more satisfactorily, and
enable him to discharge his duties more sensibly.
I think if the cost will be no more than the Sen-
ator from Kansas states, it ought to be appropri-
ated.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Fosticr
in the chair.) The question is on the motion of
the Senator from Kansas to take up for consid-
eration the resolution indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to; and the resolution
was considered, as follows:
Resolved, That two thousand copies of the agrieultiuiil
part of the Census Report for be ptinted for the us>e of
the Ooinmissionei of Agricultute.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I would like now to
have theopinion ofLhe SenatorfromRhode island,
whom I see in his scat.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think this resolution ought
to pass. I think the documents ought to bo given
to the Commissioner of Agriculture, The ex-
pense will be less than I thought it would be when
I first objected, ltwill cost$4,GOO for the print-
ing in the style in which the book is now printed;
but it is unnecessary to do that. It can be done
for about #3,500.
The resolution was agreed to.
SWAMP TiANDS IN KANSAS.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unani-
mous conscnt, and agreed to:
Resolved, Th.it the Cominittre on Public Lauds he in-
structs! l<> inquire into the expediency oj e\tendin<,' ihe
provisions of the act u£rf\nthijj MV.inip and oveiflmwd
laud to certain States" to the Mvauip and overflowed hinds
In the Stale ot K;u at>, and to repot t by lull or othetwi'-e.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. It. No.
64D) making appropriations for the legislative,
executive, and judicial expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending 30th June, 18GG; the
pending question being on the amendment of the
Committee on Finance, to strike out the follow-
ing proviso in lines nine hundred and fifty, nine
hundied and fifty-one, nine hundred and fifty-
two, and nine hundred and fifty-throe:
Provided, That no further expenditures shall he made
for tin: experimental system ot hydrostatic printing by the
Treasury Department until such experiments 5>hail have
been definitely authorized by law, and a distinct applan-
ation made therefor.
Mr. SHERMAN. The debate yesterday took
a much wider range than it seems to me if ought
to have clone, considering the question before the
Senate. We are not now discussing whether the
guards m the Treasury Department are sufficient
for the protection of the Government against
fraud. That question is now before the Commit-
tee on Finance, and is being investigated, so far
as our time will allow. There are other bills that
will bring that question directly before the Sen-
ate before the close of the present session. The
only purpose of this proviso, on the part of the
House of Representatives, if I understand it, was
to stop the use of the hydrostatic machines. Per-
haps the language of the proviso is not broad
enough to cover their purpose; but I have read
the debate in the House, and it is manifest that
the purpose of the mover of this proviso was to
stop tiie use of the hydrostatic presses; and the
effect will be, if this proviso is adopted, to stop
their use. It is admitted on all hands that some
of these presses are defective; some of them have
been changed, and arenow in good condition, and
are working daily to the satisfaction of the De-
partment and the friends of the machines, and
others of them need repairs. If the Department
is forbidden by this provision from making
changes in the machines now on hand; from
adopting new improvements; from strengthening
these machines, although improvements may
promise perfection, this provision will cut off all
such improvements.
Now, it seems to me that a few facts ought to
settle the controversy in this matter. We know
that at great expense the Government has estab-
lished a Printing Bureau in the Treasury Depart-
ment. No one who has examined it would be
willing to place ourselves again at the meicy of
the bank-note companies in the country. Jt is
pioved veiy clearly, by the documents that have
been laid on our tables, that the saving in the cost
of printing in the Treasury Department is very
large, counting even all that may be said about
the expenditures on these and all other experi-
ments.
Mr. GRIMES. WilltheSenatorbekind enough
to refer me to that document?
Mr. SHERMAN, lean. The facts will be
found m the reports which have been made.
Mr. GRIMES. What reports?
Mr. SHERMAN. TlieSecretaryoftheTreas-
ury, at the Inst session of Congress, made a report
on that subject which 1 think is satisfactory; at
any rate it is sufficient for me to say now that
there is no proposition before Congress to abolish
the printing in theTieasury Department. Every
gentleman who lias gone from either House of
Congress to investigate this subject is satisfied that
it would not be wise to stop the printing in the
Treasury Department, and I believe no proposi-
tion is now pending to change it. It has been
organized undei the law, and js now being con-
ducted with great success.
In printing notes they have adopted two forms
of printing; one is called the wet-press printing,
ana the other the dry-press printing. Both are
being now daily practiced; both are believed to
be successful. The friends of one system claim
that it is the best, the friends of the other sys-
tem that it is the best. Now, the question is,
whether Congress, with its limited knowledge,
will come in and say by law that the officers
charged with the execution of the law shall not
use a particular kind of machine, or shall not per-
fect that machine in the way they have been
doinir. It.seems to me that the statement of the
proposition is sufficient of itself to induce the
Senate (o vote against this proviso. As long as
we carry on the system of printing notes in the
Tteasury Department improvements will con-
stantly be made.
I may strengthen this position by saying that
not only was the former Secretary of the Treas-
ury Depaitment, now the Chief Justice, in favor
of this system, which was established under his
supeivision, but the present Secretary who is
there, and who must be familiar with all the facts
connected with it so far as a gentleman of the
legal profession can be with practical matters like
this, believes that the system is a success. Three
members of the Senate Committee on Finance,
who certainly were not prejudiced in favor of
this mode of printing, went there and examined
it with a view to report to the Finance Committee
on the subject, and they unanimously agreed that
it would be unxvise to discontinue the system. It
is true some believe it is a success on one point
and some on another, but they unanimously agree
that the prmtingshouid be continued in the Treas-
ury Department.
Under these circumstances, for the Senate and
House of Representatives to say by law that the
Seci clary of the Treasury shall not pursue these
experiments, shall not continue this system of
printing, it seems to me is rather peculiar legis-
lation. I xvill not now be led into the discussion
of yesterday whether the protections are suffi-
cient. This is not the question before the Senate.
The only question now is whether the Senate will
say that the Secretary shall not print by the hy-
drostatic process, or shall not improve on the
present system now going on in that Department.
I say it will be unwise in Congress to take such
action. We had better leave it to the officers who
have charge of this service, allow them to make
all the improvements they can, allow them to
adopt that which is best, to experiment as much
as they choose as to the mode and printing, and
hold them responsible for the consequences.
Mr. GRIMES. I agree with the chairman of
the Committee on Finance that this whole ques-
tion is in a nut-shell, I agree with him, too, that
the question w'hich is now before us is not as to
whether there are proper checks and guards in
the Currency Bureau; although I am satisfied,
from the statemenfof the Senator from Missouri,
[Mr. Henderson,] combined with the statement
of the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
Clark,] taken in connection with the report that
has been laid on our tables, purporting to be the
report made by Mr. Clark, the chief of this par-
ticular bureau, who has charge of the printing,.,
and purporting to have been submitted to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, that there are not proper
guards and balances. But, sir, I am alarmed—I
am alarmed as one who is interested in the cur-
rency of this country—when I see that the man
who has the charge of that bureau is still grasp-
ing after and attempting to secure the printing of
the national bank currency.
Mr. President, let us look at the history of this
matter a little. It seems that the Secretary of the
Treasury preceding the present one commenced
some experiments in the Bureau of Printing—
which Congress, i suppose, authorized him to
establish—in regard to iiydiostatic printing. I
think there ore two or three things that are not
controverted here between the Senators who are
members of the sub-committee of the Committee
on Finance. The first of these is that there has
been at least $300,000 expended in these experi-
ments. i understood the Senator from Missouri
to say so. Am I correct or am 1 wrong?
Mr. HENDERSON. I cannot state the pre-
cise amount, but I suppose it is between two and
three hundred thousand dollars—somewhere in
that neighborhood. Itceitainiy must be, if we
take into consideration the hydrostatic presses
that have been furnished.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I am correct in that
assertion.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Iowa
does not wish to misunderstand the matter.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
Mr. SHEUMAN. i am informed that the
whole cost of experiments in the Tieasury De-
paitment in regard to printing, of all forms, will
not exceed $£50,000, and the entire expense of
the hydrostatic printing is less than $100,000, in-
cluding all the repairs and all (he machines. Wo
have the bills before us showing that fact.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand as a further fact
that as a result of these experiments four patents
have been obtained m the names of Mr. Clark
and Mr. Stewart Gwynne, or one of them, for
inventions and improvements that have been made
in the Treasury Department with our money with
which they have been experimenting. I under-
stand that to be a fact asserted by the Senator
from Missouri. Am I right about that?
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 believe that there have
been four caveats filed. I so understand. 1 do
not know whether all the patents have been issued
or not.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand it further to be
a fact that the amount of printing that has been
done by these hydrostatic presses up to this time
does not exceed a quarter of a million of dollars.
Mr. HENDERSON. I so understand.
Mr. GRIMES. I think the amount of hydro-
static printing on the paper such as was exhibited
here yesterday by the Senator from New Hamp-
shire does not exceed a quarter of a million of
dollars.
Mr. CLARK. On that particular paper.
Mr. HENDERSON. On any paper whatever.
I do not understand that the hydrostatic presses
have been in operation any great time.
Mr. CLARK. They have printed over two
millions, as you will find by examining the fig-
ures.
