22
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Heport of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & ho, of Reps.
cessary, if the views which are hereinafter ex-
pressed shall be approved by Congress. As the
most expeditious mode to accomplish the object,
it is recommended that the agency at the Upper
Platte be abolished, and that the number of mil-
itary posts along the line of the railroad and over-
land mail route be increased sufficiently to protect
it.and exclude the Indians therefrom.
This Department will make provision for such
Indians as will submit to its authority and locate
upon the reservation. Those who resist should
be pursued by the military, and punished.
With these Indians—the Sioux—and all others
in hostility with the United States, trade and in-
tercourse should be interdicted until they yield to
the will and direction of the Government. To this
end, I recommend that a law be passed, making it
a penal offense for any person to carry goods, or
supplies of any kind whatever, into their country,
for traffic; and that all persons, of whatever pur-
suit,shall be prohibited from trading or trafficking
with them while they are in astateof hostility.
Much has been said, and the public mind has
lately been agitated, against the policy of the
Governmentm making treaties with Indian tribes,
and some persons in authority advise an abroga-
tion of all existing treaties; but it is presumed
that, while this nation is governed by the rules of
civilization, such a proposition will not be enter-
tained to the injury of all the tribes and nations
of Indians who are in amity with the United
States. Where the Indians have kept faith with
the Government, no question of expediency or
policy will justify a violation of its pledges to
them. There are, however, many Indians within
the domain of the United States, with whom the
Government has no treaties acknowledging the
piimary right of soil in the tribes; with these,
possibly, with some exceptions, it would be wise
io abstain from malting any treaty recognizing
such right. Suitable reservations should be se-
lected for them, and means adopted to establish
them thereon, and to enable them, by their own
industry, to sustain themselves. This policy has
already been introduced successfully in the man-
agement of the Indians in California, and may
properly be applied, to a considerable extent, in
the neighboring States and Territories. In nego-
tiating new treaties, where good policy or exist-
ing engagements will admit of that course of
action, stipulations for the payment of money
annuities should be avoided.
The propriety of the removal of the Navajos
of New Mexico and Arizona to the Bosque Ile-
dondo reservation has been a subject of much con-
trariety of opinion. This Department, upon the
best information at its command, consented to
their removal. As the reservation has been set
apart, and a large sum of money expended by
the military authorities in the endeavor to per-
manently establish the Indians there, great fickle-
ness of purpose would be manifested in abandon-
ing the enterprise before it shall have been fully
and fairly tested. I am strongly inclined to the
opinion, notwithstanding ull that has been urged
against it, that, if the scheme receives a fair and
just support, it will prove a success, and these
Indians, so long the foes of the Government, will
become its faithful supporters.
For further and detailed information on the sub-
ject of Indian affaiis i lespectfully refer to the
elaborate report of the Commissioner.
The liberal provisions of law for the payment
of pensions to soldiers and seamen who have been
disabled in the service of the country, and to the
widows, orphans, and dependent mothers and sis-
ters of such as have fallen m battle or died of
disease or wounds, have been administered with
industry, fidelity, and promptitude.
The very interesting and instructive report of
the Commissioner of Pensions affords valuable
information, and presents important suggestions,
in which I fully concur.
Of those patriots to whom pensions for services
in the revolutionary war had been awarded five
still survive at very advanced ages. At the begin-
ning of the year twelve were living, and 1,418
widows of revolutionary soldiers were receiv-
ing pensions, making 1,430 pensioners of this
class—the aggregate of whose yearly stipends
was $115,217 43. ..
The number of Army pensioners (other than
revolutionary) who were paid during the four-
teen months ending the 30th of June last was
22,767, and of widows, (other than revolution-
ary,) orphans, and dependent mothers, 25,433.
The total number of persons who received pen-
sions duiing that period was therefore 49,630, and
the amount paid for Army pensions during the
year ending June 30, was $4,340,368 60.
The number of Navy pensioners who were paid
during the fourteen months preceding the date
mentioned was 1,505; and the amount of money
paid them during the year was $164,247 92. The
whole number of pensioners on the 30th June last
was 51,135, requiring, for their annual compensa-
tion, $4,595,376 33.
During the year ending September 30, 1864,
1,812 bounty land warrants were issued, requir-
ing 286,960 acres of land to satisfy them.
The act of Congress, approved July 14, 1862,
entitled "An act to grant pensions," is believed
to be one of the wisest and most munificent en-
actments of the kind ever adopted by any nation.
Its beneficial provisions extend to the disabled
survivors, and to the widows, orphans, depend-
ent mothers, and dependent orphan sisters of the
deceased soldiers and seamen of every grade and
rank.
Duiing the past year more than $3,500,000 have
been paid for pensions granted on account of disa-
bility or death ensuing from service in the war of
the lebcliion. During the continuance of the war,
no reliable estimate can be madcof the amount of
money that will be required eventually to meet
the obligations thus assumed by the Government
to our soldiers and seamen.
The list of pensioners is constantly undergoing
both increase and diminution, and at present, and
for months to come, it must be rapidly augmented,
even should peace be restored without furl her hos-
tilities. It is estimated that more than §7,000,000
will be required to satisfy the claims accruing
under the pension laws during the current fiscal
year.
In fixing the grade of disability of invalid pen-
sioners, and in discriminating as to the connec-
tion of the causes of disability or death with the
service, the Pension Ollice is often involved in
doubt and uncertainty.
It is believed that a commission of experienced
surgeons might devise and mature such a sched-
ule of usual causes of disability and death, in
cases where pensions have been and are claimed,
as would greatly aid the Pension Ollice in reach-
ing correct conclusions—in discriminating be-
tween those cases where the cause should be re-
garded as incident to the service, and those in
which the cause has no relation to, or connection
with, military or naval duty. While it is con-
ceded that, in cases of great doubt and uncertainty,
conclusions should be in favor of claimants, all
must agree that a wise precaution should be taken
to guard against mistakes, and that every means
of enlarging information upon the topic suggested
must be promotive of justice both to claimants
and to the Government.
The report of the Commissioner of Pensions
shows the importance of the provisions of law
requiring periodical examinations of invalid pen-
sioners, and contains a list of the names of the
examining suigeons.
This Department has recently been advised
that, under the joint resolution of Congress, ap-
proved July 1,1864, the sum of §5,000,000 of the
Navy pension fund has been invested in registered
bonds of the United States.
I commend to the consideration of Congress
the suggestion of the Commissioner, that an ap-
propriation for pension purposes should be made
of a portion of the proceeds of abandoned and
confiscated property oil land. It occurs tome as
eminently proper that some of the means derived
from these sources should be applied to the estab-
lishment of homes for those who have been, or
may hereafter be, permanently disabled and ren-
dered helpless by reason of their service during
the existing war.
It was recommended to Congress at its last
session that an act be passed requiring the national
banks to discharge the duties of pension agents.
It was believed that by that instrumentality the
convenience of the pensioners would be greatly
promoted, and the expense attending the employ-
ment of agents avoided. Since the adjournment
of Congress, communications have been received
from must of those banks, expressing a willing-
ness to perform the duty without charge to the
Government. I renew the recommendation that
a law be passed charging the banks with the pay-
ment of pensions whenever it shall be the pleasure
of the Department to require it of them.
Since the. last annual report of this Department,
seven additional agencies for paying pensions
have been established, and it is believed that the
number now in operation will be sufficient to
transact the business, should the present system
of payments be continued.
The business operations of the PatentOffice for
the year ending September 30 last have been very
satisfactory. During the period above named,
6,740apphcations for patents and 989 caveats were
filed; 29 applications also were made for the ex-
tension of patents previously granted. During
the same period 4,843 patents, including reissues
and designs, were issued, and 40 extensions
granted. The number of applications awaiting the
payment of the final fee required by law before
patents can be issued has largely increased, num-
bering now over 1,000. The finances of the office
are in a prosperous condition, as appears by the
following short statement:
The balance in the Treasury to the credit of the
patent fund on October 1, 1863, was $37,732 63.
The receipts of the office to September 30, 1864,
amounted to $230,838 60, making a total sum of
$268,571 23. The expenditures during the same
period were $212,453 84, leaving a balance of
$56,117 39 on hand on October 1, 1864, being
$18,384 76 more than the balance as exhibited^*!
October 1, 1863.
The report of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings presents many details of interest to the
citizens and residents ofthis District, and contains
information in respect to the manner in which
various appropriations for local purposes have
been applied. The condition of the streets and
avenues of Washington city is a matter of fre-
quent and jusl complamt. The United States has
never assumed any general jurisdiction of the sub-
ject, although appropriations for improving the
avenues have been frequently made.
The city authorities, apparently relymg upon
the liberality of Congiess, have abstained fium
making expenditures m improving and opening
streets commensurate with the constant increase
of population and business. This state of affairs
is likely to continue until a definite arrangement
is established between the Government and the
city in relation to the matter under consideration.
I therefore renew the recommendation made last
year, that street commissioners should be ap-
pointed to determine the description and extent
of the annual repairs and improvements to ave-
nues, streets, and alleys; and that the funds iequi-
site should be provided by the United States
and the city in proportions to be fixed by law
The property-holders of Washington, moved by
a just pride in the prosperity and beauty of the
city, will not hesitate to tax themselves liberally
to maintain a constant and efficient system of street
improvement. The present rate of municipal tax-
ation, for all purposes, is about one per cent,
on real and personal property, which is less than
is paid in any other city with which I am ac-
quainted. The tax-payers here are not charged
with the expense of maintaining a State govern-
ment, or those institutions of a benevolent char-
acter which are usually sustained by other com-
munities, and they will not shrink from taxation
for local purposes, when their property is yield-
ing a rate of income equaled m few other cities
and towns of the country. The propriety of these
remaiks is still more apparent, when it is con-
sidered that the expenses of th.e judicial tribunals
for both civil and criminal business, and of the
police force, are principally paid by the Govern-
ment, andaienot charged to the property-holders
of the city or District. Recognizing, however,
the duty of the Government to make provision
for the improvement and repair of streets extend-
ing through public grounds, and to aid in keeping
in a suitable condition such as are in front of the
public buildings, I would respectfully recommend
that provision be made by Congress for paving
F street, between Seventh and Ninth streets. The
