1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
715
Mr. HENDERSON. Two millions of cur- |
rency or of bonds and currency?
Mr. CLARK. Of both.
Mr. HENDERSON. Ah! that may be. I
spoke of currency.
Mr. GRIMES. I should presume there had
been more than two millions of bonds and cur-
rency both; but that is not what the Senator from-
New Hampshire based his argument upon yes-
terday.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is but just to say that
the hydrostatic presses have been in operation
printing the fractional currency, and a great many
impressions make but a small amount of money.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 am astonished that there has
not been more than two millions of our bonds and
currency in circulation, of one kind and another,
printed by the hydrostatic presses during the
whole time we have been running those presses.
Mr. CLARK. That is only six months.
Mr. GRIMES. It is more than six months
ago since the House of Representatives instituted
their investigations into this very subject of hy-
drostatic presses. The House of Representatives
have seen fit to provide as a proviso to this appro-
priation that no more money shall be expended
upon these experiments. They want to stop
them where they are. They do not want our
money to be used by either Mr. Gwynne or Mr.
Clark, or both of them, in perfecting patents by
which they are going to fill their own pockets.
They are content to leave the Secretary of the
Treasury to do his printing as he has done it. If
he choose to continue the use of these hydrostatic
presses, he has a right to do it under this clause.
The proviso is simply that no more money shall
be expended in experiments; and I agree with the
House. I think it is time we stopped them. I
think the proviso was properly put on by the
House of Representatives, and I am in favor of
maintaining it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have been astonished
that this subject should have excited so much
debate. It seems to irie to be a very plain one.
Congress h« *< heretofore decided that the Secretary
of the Treasury should exercise his own pleasure
whether the currency shall be printed in the De-
partment or by contract. It is not proposed to
takeaway from him that discretion. Then, if the
woik is to be done in the Department, it is not
merely an administrative question how it shall
be done, whether upon one kind of press or an-
other, whether upon this sort of paper or that.
Is that aquestion Congress can decide? It seems
to me that all Congress can do is to authorize the
issue of securities of a particular description, and
leave it as an administrative question to the head
of the Departmentas to the manner in which that
shall be done. I cannot see that Congress could
safely undertake to say whether the printing-shall
be done in one style or in another. For myself
I have not this information which would enable
me to give an intelligent vote on aquestion of that
kind. I shall certainly support the amendment
of the committee, as I understand that it is in ac-
cordance with the views of the Department.
Mr. CLARK. I do not desire to take up the
time of the Senate, but I wish to correct some
impressions that I think are wrong in the minds
of Senators; and first, in regard to the amount
(hat has been expended in the Treasury for the
printing of the currency altogether. It was as-
serted here yesterday, certainly, by Senators
around me, if not in the debate, in such a way
as to become known, that there had been two
or three millions expended in this printing. The
whole amount is one million fifty-four thousand
and some hundreds of dollars, as shown by the
books, and not one hundred thousand dollars has
been expended in this hydrostatic method. About
fifteen millions in amount have been printed by
the ordinary printing presses, and two millions
by the hydiostatic presses, for the reason that
the ordinary presses have been running a year
and a half, and only fifteen hydrostatic presses for
six months. We have seventy-two of them, and
the rest have not been running yet; there are only
fifteen running now; but it is contemplated to run
about double the number we are now running,
next week. I think it can be clearly shown that
there is a great saving to the Government. We
have aheady paid to the bank-note companies of
New York for the wotk they have done, over
two million dollars, they retaining the plates, &e.,
while we in the Treasury Department have done
our own work, and expended a little over a mil-
lion, and have printed a vast amount of currency.
Mr. JOHNSON. How much was issued by
the bank-note companies?
Mr. CLARK. 1 have not the means of stat-
ing, because itdoes notappear here. I have here
the official report of Mr. Clark to the Secretary
of the Treasury, giving these figures, and they
can be verified by the books of the companies.
The report says:
"The quantity and amount of work upon the currency
and securities in this division, from the date of its organ-
ization to the 1st of October, 1864, is pioperly divisible into
three classes, namely:
First. Currency and securities, piinted wholly or in
part by the New York bank-note companies, and finished
in this division. These aggiegate 12,786,214 sheets, and
amount to $G'29,30o,900.'5
There are certain securities that are printed in
part in New York, and then come here unfinished
and are finished heie.
" Second. Currency and securities printed and finished
in this division. These aggregate 6,693,257 sheets, and
amount to $1,636,281,239.
"Third. Securities which have been delivered to this
division by the Treasurer of the United States and the
Comptroller of the Cuirency, lor printing indorsements
and certiticates thereon. These aggregate 20,022 sheets,
and amount to $52,375,350."
I will not take up the time of the Senate to go
over and show these various kinds; I will sim-
ply turn the attention of the Senate to what was
the effect of this printing upon the postal and
fractional currency. Senators will bear in mind
that some time ago we printed postal currency, as
it was called, and now we print what is called
fractional currency, being about the same in size
and printed in the same way. The postal cur-
rency was printed by the bank-note companies,
the fractional currency is printed in the Depart-
ment.
The comparative co^t of fractional currency and postal
cuirency, computed at the puces actually paid, is—
Ft actional. Postal.
Of 50cent pieces per $1,000....«....$1 59 §6 97
Of 23 " " 3 08 13 94
Of 30 " " 6 71 28 87
Of 5 " " 13 43 55 75
©24 81 $105 53
The " Treasurer's assortment" of $50,000, would cost—
Of postal cuirency $1,128 51
Of fractional currency  262 61
Saving on each $50,000    .$865 90
Now, Mr. President, I have to say that a cer-
tain amount of printing done in New York, after
it was finished cost more to bring it here and
deliver it to the Tieasury, than it did to print it
here, the expiess chat ges weie so great. Let me
call attention to that point:
" The eo^l of producing issues in New Yoik, instead of
in the Treasury, i4- further augmented by the cost of trans-
mission fioin New Yoikto Washington of the printing ex-
ecuted by the h.uik-notecompanies. The charge* for trans
minion to the Government, though reported to he much
Jets than the chaiirex to individuals for like seiviee, still
augiegate a huge amount; and on some ol the issues the
cost of transmission alone exceeds* thejnilire cost of pro-
ducing in the Treasury. For instance, the charge for trans-
mitting the regifteiccl bond-fioin New York to Washington
is filteeu cents loreach £1,000 transmitted. Twopackages
of logi-teted bond-' weie reeently delivered totlu-s division,
printed in New Yoik and tian'-mitted by express, marked
to contain $32,000.600. Each of these packages could have
been carried by hand. The contract price of UansmhMon
would be §1,800. The same amount of tins issue of the
same denominations could have been pmitul in the Treas-
uiy foi $110."
I may be permitted hero, perhaps, by the in-
dulgence of the Senate, to say one word in regard
to the security of this matter. I will not under-
take to say, because [ have not made the exam-
ination sufficiently to know, that this system in
the Treasury is entirely secure, but I venture to
say that it is much surer than the method of print-
ing in New Yoric. Take an instance which is
here given:
"That the chock upon production, cstnbhshod by these
companies tor theu own protection, i^ insufficient, ts proven
by two marked occurrences in tin-* division. In one ca=c,
one of the New York companies, >onr To me a package con-
taining one thousand more impressions—amounting to
$8,000—than was marked upon the package or included
in the invoice. 1 hiuuediat'dy notified the propel officers
of the company ol lU iceipt. Th'>v at tn-t denied the
sending ot the e\ce s. t>ven after the sheets wen; eon-
vei ted into law lul monr v, anJ J had delivered the amount
to the Treasurer ot tin- United Hiates and obtained Ins re-
ceipt theretoi, theystill iefu ed toadmit the sending of the
excess. It w as not until such excessive sending was proven
upon them by the consecutiveness of numbers that they re-
luctantly admitted the error, and rendered a bill for the
printing."
Mr.GRIMES. What company in New York
was that?
Mr. CLARK. It does not specify which one.
Mr. GRIMES. If the Senator is going to read
against one of the New York companies charges
of that kind on the authority of Mr. Clark's re-
port, that does notcome here vouched even by his
chief, the Secretary of the Treasury, I think he
ought at least to tell us which one of the New
York companies it was, so that we might have
the opportunity to contradict it.
Mr. CLARK. I differ entirely from the Sen-
ator from Iowa. There may be a good reason
why I should not specify the company.
Mr. GRIMES. But there is agood reason why
Clark should.
Mr. CLARK. I do not know any good reason
why Mr. Clark should, and 1 do not think Mr.
Clark has the same feeling toward the New York
companies that they seem to have in regard to
him. He does not desire to find fault with any
one company, nor do I, but to call the attention of
the Senate to the fact that such things have been
done, without charging it upon this or that per-
son, but only to show the system. That is all.
" Within a few days $l(S,000,000ortt>e same bond, were
received in one package, which could be earned by hand.
The contract price of transmission was ,$2,400. The cost
of printing these in tlie Treasury would have been but
sixty-three dollars."
As I said before, we have paid these bank-note
companies in New York over two million dol-
lars. 1 do not find any fault with the companies;
I am only discussing the cost of the two systems.
The bank-note companies have done over twenty
million dollars of work in securities and cur-
rency, as shown by this report, and the amount
which we have expended in the Treasury for the
same purpose, including machinery, paper, and
everything, the experiment of making paper and
all, a little over a million dollais.
Mr. GRIMES. If that be so, l would inquire
how this bill happens to make appropriations to
the extent of $3,775,000 for this very bureau.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 can answer that question
readily. The Senator from Iowa leaps at con-
clusions too rapidly. He has lumped together
three items amounting to three million dollars and
over. The first item covers all the expenses of
the national loans, the advertising, the printing of
notes, the amount paid to banks, &c., as agents.
The second item, $1,100,000, is solely for the In-
ternal Revenue Bureau, for procuring dies, stamps,
adhesive stamps, paper, printing forms and regu-
lations for the internal revenue. Not one dollar
of it ever goes into the Printing Bureau of the
Treasury Department. So of the nextitem. The
whole amount of this money which is paid for the
Printing Bureau is only a small fraction of the
$2,000,000 appropriated in the first clause, and
that appropriation of $2,000,000 covers all the ex-
penses of national loans. The second item, as I
have said, is entirely paid out by the Internal
Revenue Bureau.
Mr. GRIMES. Itis the fault, then, of the com-
mittees who manufactured the bill originally, if
they put it under the wrong head.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all.
Mr. GRIMES. These items are not putunder
the head of internal revenue, or under anything
that relates to any other subject than "the Inde-
pendent Treasury "and the manufactuie of money.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator in that does
not do justice to the other House, which framed
this bill. He is talking at random. The second
item is:
For procuring die", stamps, adhesive stamps, paper, print-
ing tonus and regulations, advertising, and oihei expenses
of^canymg into effect the act ot June 30, lc6 I.
That is the act to provide internal levenue.
Mi. GRIMES. Lookback to page 37 and see
what head you have got your items under.
Mr. SHERMAN. That head only applies to
the items relating to the sub-Treasury. These are
all independent items.
Mr.GRIMES. That head applies to every
item until you get down to " commissioners of
direct taxes in insurrectionary districts, "only four
lines after the item to which the Senator lefurs.
That is the next general head after the one rela-
tive to the expenses of the sub-Treasury. If 1
jumped the stile before I reached it, it is simply
