M
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December
38m Cose... .2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Ho. of Reps.
maintenance of,such a bureau, charged, among
Other duties, with that of compiling the census
Returns and superintending thepublicatiori thereof,
will not, it is believed, be attended with any ad-
ditional expense to the Government.
rThe building occupied by the United States for
the use of its courts in the city of New York is
held under an expired lease. Notice has been
given by the lessors that it is their intention to
sell the premises as soon as the fair value can be
obtained therefor. The attention of Congress to
this subject is earnestly solicited, and an appro-
priation is recommended adequate to the purchase
of a building adapted to the service.
The enforcement of the measures adopted by
Congress for thesuppression of the African slave
trade has been attended by the most auspicious
results. It is believed that in no port of the Uni-
ted States has a vessel been fitted out to engage
in'that nefarious traffic. Several prizes have been
taken before the mixed courts of justice sitting at
Sierra Leone and the Cape of Good Hope, but
the"result has not yet been communicated to the
Dep&rtment.
i am, sir, respectfully, your obedient servant,
J. P. USHER, Secretary.
To the President of the United States.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Treasury Department, December 6,1864.
In presenting to Congress his annual report on
the state of the finances, in obedicncc to the re-
quirements of law, the Secretary of the Treasury
feels that, while there is no occasion to distrust
the ability of the people of the United States to
bear the great and increasing burdens imposed
upon them by the arduous and prolonged strug-
gle for national existence in which they are en-
gaged, there is, nevertheless, much in the finan-
cial condition of the Government which requires
careful and anxious consideration. Among the
serious duties devolved upon him, the Secretary
recognizes a full and clear exposition of that
condition as first in importance, in order that the
wisdom of Congress may provide a remedy for
existing evils, and guard against the recurrence
of similar evils in the future.
The Secretary's assumption of office was so
nearly coincident with the commencement of the
present fiscal year that he would be naturally
impelled to begin by stating the exact condition
of the Treasury upon that day. Before proceed-
ing to do so, however,a brief review of the finan-
cial measures adopted since the outbreak of the
rebellion, and of their operation and effect, may
not be without value in endeavoring to arrive at
just conclusions'with regard to the future.
On the 4th day of March, A. D. 1861, the na-
tional debt was, comparatively, so inconsiderable
as hardly to deserve the name. Accustomed to a
degree of prosperity before unexampled in the
history of nations, the people of the United States
had grown rich and powerful, without being con-
scious of national burdens, and equally uncon-
scious of their own vast and increasing ability to
sustain a weight which, could it have been antici-
pated, might have seemed altogether beyond their
strength. Unaccustomed, for a long course of
years, to great national efforts, it was fortunate
that their power of endurance should be tested
only by degrees, as the struggle which Provi-
dence had prepared for them developed its vast
proportions, and the necessity of great and long-
continued effort became apparent. Had it been
then foreseen that what was believed to be acon-
testfor months was to be continued for years, and
that hundreds of millions of public debt would be
swollen into thousands of millions before the close
of that contest, it may well be doubted whether,
ignorant as they were of their own immense re-
sources, the people might not have shrunk ap-
palled from an undertaking which contemplated
sacrifices so far exceeding all former experience.
In his first report to Congress, made on the 4th
day of July, 1861, my predecessor estimated the
whole amount required for the service of the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1862, at $318,519,581 87.
To meet this anticipated expenditure, Congress,
by an act approved July 17, 1861, authorized a
loan of $370,000,000, which, with the ordinary
revenues, was considered an arrjple provision for
the exigencies of the year. By an act approved
August 5, 1861, Congress further authorized a
direct tax of $20,000,000, and a tax of three per
cent, on the excess of all incomes over $800 per
annum. It was not anticipated, however, that any
revenue, derived from the last-mentioned sources,
would be available within the year.
Experience proved that the estimate of the Sec-
retary, though founded on what see-med to be re-
liable data, was altogether inadequate; and in his
report of December 9,1861, he was compelled to
ask Congress to provide for a probable dcficicncy
of $213,904,427 62. In the same report he esti-
mated the expenditures of the fiscal year com-
mencing July 1,1862, at $475,331,245 51.
On the 30th of December, 1861,and soon after-
wards, most of the State banks suspended specie
payments.
In view of this condition of affairs, and of the
large appropriations called for to meet the public
wants, Congress passed various laws, which need
only be alluded to. Ithad become manifest that,
while much the largest portion of the amount re-
quired must be provided by loans in some form,
resort must be had to a wider and more stringent
taxation in order to preserve the credit of the Gov-
ernment. Accordingly, the act of July 1, 1862,
called the internal revenue law, was passed, pro-
viding for a levy of duties on various domestic
manufactures, upon trades and occupations, and
also providing a system of stamp, income, and
other duties. This important measure, it was
hoped, would, in connection with the duties on
imports, and the sums derived from other sources,
furnish such a proportion of the revenue needed
as would place the national credit upon a stable
foundation,through the evidence thus afforded of
a readiness to impose on the present a reasonable
share of public burdens, leaving to the future no
more than in justice it ought to bear, if these
hopes were not realized, the disappointment was,
perhaps, imputable, in a great degree, to the facts
that the system adopted was one to which the
people had not been accustomed, that the ma-
chinery was complicated,the officers who were to
execute it inexperienced, and that sufficient allow-
ance was not made for the important element of
time, which alone can give to any such system
the requisite efficiency.
With a like view to increase the revenue, and to
sustain our own industry under the burden im-
posed by the internal revenue law, Congress, by
an act approved July 14, 1862, largely increased
the duties on imports. It was justly believed that
these measures could hardly fail to inspire confi-
dence in the ability and purpose of the nation to
meet all its obligations in the present and the future.
The necessities of the Treasury were, however,
immediate. To raise money in large amounts by
taxation, and even by loans, requires more time
than can always be afforded with large armies in
the field and great navies afloat. The demands of
war are imperative, and cannot await the slow pro-
cess of financial negotiations. To meet a demand
thus urgent, Congress, by acts of February 25 and
July 11, 1862, saw fit to authorize the emission
of United States notes to the amount, including
$60,000,000 of Treasury notes previously author-
ized, which were to be redeemed and canceled, of
$300,000,000, as a substitute for coin, declaring
them a legal tender for debts, public arid private,
and clothing them with all the requisites of cur-
rency. These notes were convertible, at the will
of the holder, into bonds of the United Slates,
paying interest at six per cent., semi-annually,
in coin,to secure which the revenue from customs,
also payable in coin, was specifically pledged. The
same act of February 25,1862, authorized theissue
of bonds to the amount of $500,000,000, increased
subsequently to $511,000,000, redeemable after
five years, and payable m twenty years from date.
Notwithstanding the ample provision sup-
posed to be made by Congress for the expenditures
of the fiscal year ending on the 30th of June,
1863, the report of the Secretary, submitted on
the 4th of December, 1862, showed a deficiency
for the current year of $276,912,517 66; white
the estimated amount of expenditures over re-
ceipts from ordinary sources for the succeeding
year was $622,388,186 56. To provide for the
aggregate of these amounts, Congress, by an act
approved March 3, 1863, authorized the loan
of $300,000,000 for the then current, and of
$600,000,000 for the then next fiscal year. By
the second section of the same act the Secretary
was authorized to issue, as a part of said loan,
§400,000,000 in amount of Treasury notes, bear-
ing interest at a rate not exceeding six per cent,
per annum, payable in lawful money, which
notes,payable at periods expressed on their face,
might be made a legal tender at their face value.
By Lhe third section $150,000,000 in amount of
United States notes, of alike character with those
previously issued under the provisions of former
acts, were authorized as a pait of said loan.
It will be seen that by the several acts of Con-
gress referred to, Government paper, as a substi-
tute for coin, under the respective designations of
United States notes and Treasury notes, might
he issued to the amount of £>850,000,000, namely:
United States notes, not bearing interest, to the
amount of§450,000,000, but of which $50,000,000
were to be held in reserve for the redemption of
temporary deposits, and to be replaced as soon
as possible, thus leaving the whole amount in-
tended for circulation but $400,000,000; and
$400,000,OOOof Treasury notes, bearing interest,
and which it was hoped and believed would notre-
main in circulation, as they could be made a legal
tender only for their face value, without interest.
In the preceding enumeration of the several acta
passed by Congress with a view to provide the
large means required to meet annual expenditures
to a period including the fiscal year 1864, no ref-
erence has been made to several auxiliary meas-
ures, designed to meet the exigencies of the hour,
but neither enlarging nor diminishing the amount
required, and serving no other puipose than a
mere temporary resource. Of such was the act of
Maich 1,1862, authoiizingthc issue of certificates
of indebtedness, payable one year or lefes after
date, with six per ccnt.interest,and the several acts
authorizing the Secretary to receive deposits at the
Treasury for a period notless than thirty day's, to
be repaid at ten days' notice. Of a somewhat
similar character, from its necessarily limited
amount, is the fractional currency authorized by
the fourth section of the act of March 3, 1863.
The object of the Secretary in calling attention
to these various acts of Congress in connection
with the estimates of his predecessor is to show—
First. The utter impossibility, in rimes like the
present, of ascertaining with any degree of cer-
tainty prospective demands upon the Treasury.
Estimates, apparently on the most liberal scale,
may be, as they have been, found inadequate.
Hence arise large deficiencies, occasioned by an
unexpected increase of military force in the first
place, and upon a rise of prices for material inva-
riably consequent upon military operations con-
ducted upon a gigantic scale, even if the currency
could be maintained in a sound and natural con-
dition.
Sccond. The difficulty of fixing upon any pol-
icy not subject to the contingencies of the hour.
It is, in the Secretary's judgment, not only diffi-
cult but impossible to apply fixed rules to a con-
dition of affairs constantly changing, or to meet
contingencies which no human wisdom can fore-
see by a steady application of general laws, espe-
cially in a Government, and with a people, where
public opinion is the controlling element, and that
opinion is not under the direction of those who
may happen to administer public affairs. Accord-
ingly it has been seen that the attempt to conduct
financial operations, on so immense a scale, upon
a strict specie basis soon proved impracticable.
Resort to some other species of currency of a
national character became unavoidable, as was
unanswerably demonstrated by my predecessor
in his report of December, 1862. Fraught with
danger as Government paper has almost invari-
ably proved,there was, under the circumstances,
no other resource. Of course, the dangerincreases
with enlarged demands upon the Treasury, grow-
ing out of increased expenditures, a rise ofpiices
occasioned by an increase of taxation on articles
ofconsumption, the withdrawal oflaborfrom pro-
ductive pursuits, accompanied by an aggravated
demand for products and material incident to a
state of war. The problem to be solved is how
to mitigate the evil, if it cannot be wholly avoided.
If loans can be negotiated at reasonable rates, and
