1864.]
•APPENDIX -TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
58th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Ho. of Reps.
limit should be fixed, in either of these particu-
lars, it is for the practical experience and wisdom
of Congress to ascertain and determine.
The experience of the few past months cannot
have failed to convince the most careless observer
that, whatever may be the effect of a redundant
circulation upon the price of coin, other causes
have exercised a greater and more deleterious in-
fluence. In the course of a few days the pricc of
this article rose from about $1 50 to §2 85in paper
for #1 00 in specie, and subsequently fell, in as
short a period, to $1 87, and then again rose, as
rapidly, to $2 50; and all withoutany assignable
cause, traceable to an increase or decrease in the
circulation of paper money, or an expansion or
conti action of cred it, or other similar influence on
the market, tending to occasion a fluctuation so
violent. It is quite apparent that the solution of
the problem may be found in the unpatriotic and
criminal efforts of speculators, and probably of
secret enemies, to raise the price of coin, regard-
less of the injury inflicted upon the country, or
desiring to inflict it. All such attempts should
be indignantly frowned upon by a patriotic com*
munity, and theefforts ofallgood citizens invoked
to counteract such nefarious schemes. A law,
providing for the exemplary punishment of com-
binations for such a purpose might tend to vindi-
cate, if it could not fully protect, the public rights
in this regard, and should be, so far as possible,
rigidly enforced.
But whatever success might attend any effort
to check speculation in coin, or to counteract its
injurious effect, it is still obvious that, so long as
there remains a large and increasing necessity for
its use, and a limited supply, it will command a
price commensurate with the necessity and the
difficulty of obtaining it. This necessity arises
from the demand for foreign exchange, for cus-
toms duties, and to pay the interest on the public
debt. The matter of foreign exchange I do not
propose to discuss. The demand for duties on
imports, and that to pay the interest on a large
portion of the public debt, are so far identical that
one is dependept upon the other. The laws author-
izing the issue of bonds bearing interest in coin
specifically pledged the revenue from customs to
the payment of that interest, and provided for the
collection of those duties in the same currency.
In the opinion of the Secretary, that pledge should
not be violated. A departure from it could only
be vindicated by one of those state necessities
which justify a nation in temporarily postponing
its obligations in order to preserve the power to
discharge them at a future day. When the pledge
was given, no one anticipated a possible continu-
ance of the war for such a length of time as would
involve the increase of the public debt to the point
it has already attained, or the possible payment
of interest in coin to an amount beyond the ability
of duties on imports to supply. It will be noticed,
however, that our annual coin interest now ex-
ceeds $50,000,000. Should the additional amount
required for the expenditures of the present fiscal
year be raised upon bonds bearing interest in
coin, and the revenue from customs not exceed
the estimate predicated upon the receipts of the
first quarter, it is quite manifest that resort must
soon be had to some other source of supply, or
recourse must be had to the emission of securities
of a different character. It could not be expected
that such securities would stand on a level with
those the interest upon which is payable in coin,
unless an increased value should be given them
by a higher rate of interest, or their payment
should be secured by a specific lien upon revenue.
In view of the serious considerations presented
by this question, whether as affecting the market
value of com or the ability of Government to
meet its specie interest, should the war continue,
from the revenue now specifically appropriated to
that purpose, the Secretary is forced to the con-
clusion that we should in the future rely, for the
Most part, upon securities bearing interest in cur-
rency, convertible into bonds, the in tei est of which
is payable in com. Notes bearing an increased
rate of interest, payable in currency, redeemable
in tlnee or five years, and convertible at maturity
into five-twenty bonds, would be preferable, in
the judgment of the Secretary, to any other form
of security. Bonds at long date, the interest of
which is payable in currency at the usual rates,
would be less attractive, and in the end involve a
much greater sacrifice. The seven and three tenth
notes authorized by the act of June 30,1864, and
now offered to the public, present as many advant-
ages as any form of currency security, uniting a
high rate of interest with convertibility. At the
period of their maturity it may be confidently be-
lieved that the country will have been restored to
a state of unity and peace, with all disturbing ele-
ments quieted, its population and resources in-
creased and increasing, its strength confirmed, and
with ample abihty to meet all its obligations from
its ordinary resources.
In the report of the Comptroller of the Currency
will be found statements of the number of national
banks organized since his last annual teport, the
States and Territories wherein organized, the
amount of capital paid in,circulation,and bonds
deposited. The statement exhibits a large and
rapid increase, and demonstrates the popularity
of the system. The rapid and extensive conver-
sion of State institutions of established character,
conducted through a long series of years by men
of recognized financial ability, into banks organ-
ized under the new system, could not have taken
place unless after full and careful consideration
as to its safety and superior advantages. If it
should be said that, perhaps, these advantages
may be rather to those individually interested than
to the community at large, the reply is that a single
uniform currency, .possessing the same value
throughout the whole country, has been too long
a general object of desire to have its importance
questioned. If to this great and obvious good
be added the benefits toGovernment,in its finan-
cial operations, of being freed from all the uncer-
tainties and embarrassments aiising fiom a cur-
rency over which it can exercise no control, the
advantages of any system which will effect these
objects can admit of no debate. The Secretary was
not among the first to approve the plan adopted by
Congress, and which seems to be receiving the
popular sanction. Time and observation of its
effects have, however, convinced him that the
system, if not without defects, is based upon
sound principles, and is entitled to all the benefit
of a fair trial; and it is quite apparent that the
good to be hoped cannot be fully realized so long
as another system, at war with the great objects
sought to be attained, shall continue to exist, un-
checked and uncontrolled.
While, therefore, the Secretary would not
advise the adoption of unfriendly or severe meas-
ures, likely to embarrass the business of the
country, especially when the indications are so
favoiable that the national system will soon re-
place all of a merely local chaiacter, he is yet of
the opinion that such discriminating legislation
should be had as will induce the withdrawal of all
other circulation than that issued under national
authority, at the earliest practicable moment.
Fora statementof the transactions ofthe Treas-
ury during the past year, you are respectfully re-
ferred to the report of the Treasurer. The labors
of that officer are largely increased by the num-
ber of depositories which have been designated
undei the act " to provide a national currency."
The labors of the Treasurer, and also those of
the AssiatantTreasurersm the principal cities,and
the depositaries designated under the act of Au-
gust 1846, are necessarily proportionate to the
vast amounts passing through their hands; and
the pecuniary responsibilities of some are such as
few men, whose character and capacity would
justify so important a trust, are willing to assume.
Necessarily obliged to surround themselves with
a large number of assistants, for whose care and
integrity they must be answerable, and to give
bonds m amounts that few private fortunes would
meet, a high degree of courage is required to en-
dure the pej plexities and incur the hazards ofsuch
an office. In view of these facts, and of the much
better compensation readily paid to such men for
labors much lighter, and responsibilities far less
important, I cannot but lecommend that the sala-
ries of the Treasurer, and of the Assistant Treas-
uiers, and of some of the designated depositaries,
be increased. Within the current year the Assist-
ant Tieasurer at New Yoik having been compelled
by ill health to resign, after long and most useful
and honorable service, it became necessary to find
a person qualified by his knowledge of business
arid financial affairs, by spotless character and ac-
knowledged ability, to discharge the duties of that
most important position. This the Secretary found
to be extremely difficult, principally because the
great pecuniary risk deterred men' who had any-
thing to lose, while the compensation allowed by
law was much lower than is customarily paid for
similar, but far inferior, service. The office was
most reluctantly accepted by the present incum-
bent, who relinquished an honorable position,
with a much higher salary, at the urgent solicit-
ation of the Secretary, purely from a sense of
patriotic duty. Impelled by the same honorable
feeling, the Assistant Treasurer at St. Louis con-
sented to withdraw his resignation, which had
been tendered to the Department. Not only jus-
tice, but the best interests of the Government, re-
quire that such compensation be paid to all public
officers as will enable them to discharge import-
ant trusts, freed from the harassing cares and
anxieties attendantupon inadequate incomes, and
bearing a just proportion to the nature and amount
of service.
The difficulty of inadequate compensation has
occasioned mufch embarrassment in other opera-
tions of this Department. Many persons of ex-
perience and skill, and who could readily command
higher pay in similar employment else where, have
resigned their places in the Department. These
places it has been found extremely difficult to fill,
although there has been no reason to complain of
a lack of applicants for employment. But in the
vast and complicated affairs of the Treasury De-
partment many persons are required possessing
a high older of ability, derived both "from study
and experience, and without whose aid those af-
faiis could not be well and speedily transacted.
Such persons cannot be expected to remain in the
public service and be content with a compensation
too small for the daily wants of themselves and
families, when solicited to accept othersttuatioi*g
justly and even liberally remunerated. While,
therefore, the Secretary does not favor high sal-
aries, and feels as strongly as any one the neces-
sity of strict economy, he is compelled to state
this condition of things for the consideration of
Congress.
The high rates of duties on imports, imposed
by recent laws, afford such temptation to smug-
gling, and such facilities are presented for success-
ful attempts to evade the revenue laws, by the
extent and nature of our sea-coast, and more es-
pecially of our frontier, that the necessity of stren-
uous efforts to prevent and punish offenses of this
kind is impressed upon this Department with daily
increasing force. The attention of Congress ja
particularly invited to so much of the report of
the Commissioner of Customs as relates to this
very important subject. The act <c to prevent
smuggling, and for other purposes," approved
June 27, 1864, contains important provisions,
which, if propeily enforced, will, it is believed,
prove highly efficient. Sufficient time, however,
for all the preparations necessaiy to carry all of
these provisions into effect has not as yet been
afforded. In the mean time, a careful prelim-
inary inspection has been made by the Commis-
sioner, under instructions fiom the Secretiny,
along our sea-coast and frontier lines, and the re-
sult of his observations leads to theconviction that
preparations on a large scale are in progress for
extensive and systematicoperations in smuggling
across our northern and northeastern border. To
prevent, or even to check these operations, an
increase of preventive force wiil be absolutely
necessary, and means should be placcd at the dis-
posal of the Department for that purpose, to be
expended in such manner as the exigency may
require. From the report of the Commissioner,
and the nature of the case, it is no less obvious
that an inciease in the number of levenue boats,
especially on the lakes, is not only expedient but
necessary; and the appropriation for that object
should also be increased, so as to meet the wants
of the service.
The act approved July 2, 18G4, entitled "An
act in addition to the several «cts concerning com-
mercial intercourse between loyal and insurrec-
tionary States, and to piovide ibi the collection
of captiued and abandoned property,nnd the pre-
vention of frauds in States declared in insurrec-
tion," modified,in several importantparticulars,
