30
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December IB,
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Naval Depot for Iron-Glads—Mr. Randall.
Ho. op Eeps.
preexisting laws upon the same subjects. So
much of the act of July 13, 1861, as authorized
the President to permit commercial relations in
insurrectionary States and sections was repealed,
except in certain specified cases. The rules and
regulations with regard to commercial intercourse
previously adopted have been modified accord-
ingly. The second section largely extended the
"'powers and responsibilities of this Department,
by placing in its charge abandoned lands, houses,
and tenements in insurrectionary States, for the
purposes of occupation and lease, and still fur-
ther by directing that provision should be made
" in such lease, or otherwise, for the employment
and general welfare of all persons within the lines
of national military occupation within said insur-
rectionary States, formerly held as slaves, who
are or shall become free." This clause is regarded
as placing all such persons under the protection
of this Department, through which their general
welfare is to be provided for.
In framing rules and regulations to carry the
provisions of this act into effect, as directed in
section eleven, such as were deemed essential to
the proper execution of the powers conferied in
relation to freedmen, were made, and approved
by the President as required. It was, however,
found necessary to suspend their operation for a
time. Tliis class of persons had been, and were
yet, under the protection of the War Depart-
ment, and the necessary provision for their wel-
fare had been afforded under military authority
and supervision. The arrangements made for
this purpose contemplated a continuance of the
system adopted through the current year. It
was deemed advisable, therefore, to defer action
in this regard until the time should arrive for
commencing the operations of a new year, and
in the mean time to allow the freedmen to remain
as they had been, under military protection.
The eighth section of said act authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury, with the approval of
the President, to appoint agents to purchase, on
certain specified terms, any products of States
declared m insurrection. The amount of funds
placed at the disposal of the Secretary for that pur-
pose was, however, so limited, that laige opera-
tions on a cash basis were out of the question. In
fact, tho proper execution of the authority con-
ferred by this provision of the statute has been
attended with great embarrassment. Aftermuch
consideration, however, a series of regulations
was framed and approved, and several agents have
been appointed, wno have commenced operations
Under the law; but their appointment is so recent
that no sufficient time has elapsed to afford a basis
for any reliable opinion of the probable result. The
Secretary is, however,oftheopinion that, whether
the hopes which may have been indulged ofa con-
siderable revenue to the Government from this
source are realized or not, the incidental advant-
ages of getting to market a reasonable supply of
the products referred to would compensate any
effort made by Government in that direction.
A copy of the rules and regulations, as revised,
together with those relating to abandoned lands,
houses, and tenements, providing for the care arid
employment officedmen,andforthe purchase of
products, are appended to this report.
Tho Secretary has great satisfaction in stating
thatallexpensesconnected witli executing the sev-
eral acts restricting commercial intercourse, have
been much more than paid by fees arising under
the regulations heretofore adopted.
While the Secretary has great pleasure in stating
that, so far as his personal knowledge extends,
and so fur as he is informed, the affairs of this
Department have been well and satisfactorily con-
ducted during the past year, an incident has oc-
curred ofa painful character, involving a possible
loss to the Government, and tending to excite sus-
picion as to the integrity of gome person, or per-
sons, employed in conducting its operations.
On the 5th day of June last, Mr. C. P. Bailey,
chief clei k and superintendent of the loan branch,
connected with the Secretary's office, addressed
a letter to the bccretary, stating that one hundred
bonds partially prepared for issue under the acts
of Jul); 17 and August 5, 1861, of ftl.OOO each,
were mtssmg, and no trace of them could be found.
The bonds were numbered from 34,301 to 34,400.
inclusive, and were a part of one thousand trans-
mitted by the National Bank Note Company on
the 26th of September, 1863. In his letter to the
Secretary Mr. Bailey states: " I have exhausted
all the resources at my command in endeavoring
to find them, and nothing is leftfor me but to re-
port the facts." A strict inquiry as to all the facts
connected with the affair was immediately insti-
tuted, but no light was obtained further than to
show that on the 29tli of September previous Mr.
Bailey sent the bonds in an open basket, with a
weight placed on them, by two messengers, one
of whom was an old clerk of established charac-
ter, to the Register's office, and there offered them
to the clerk who usually received the coupon
bonds in the Register's room, who objected to
taking charge of them on the ground that there
was no place in the office where thpy could be
safely kept, and requested that they might be
taken back to the loan branch where there were
good safes. Mr. Bailey was sent for, and after
some consultation as to the proper place of de-
posit, consented that they should be taken back
and deposited in the safe in his office, and they
were accordingly curried back by the same mes-
sengers, taken out of the basket, laid on the table,
and in the course of the day placed in the safe,
where they remained, as supposed, until called for
by the Register. They were called for and de-
livered from time to time from March 17 to June
5,1864, when the loss was discovered. The char-
acter of all the parties concerned is reported as
above suspicion,and nothinghas since transpired
to elucidate the matter, or to furnish any indi-
cation as to what has become of the missing
bonds.
As they had not been signed by the Register,
or sealed, they cannot be negotiated. The cou-
pons, however, were sealed and complete, and
payable to bearer on January and July 1, in each
J ear. A careful examination was made of the
anuary coupons paid on bonds of that issue, but
it does not appear that any of them had been paid.
These would be known by their numbers. In-
structions were given the AssistantTreasurers to
watch carefully for these coupons, but nothing
further has been elicited. No other steps have
been taken, as none appeared likely to be attended
with any effect. With this exception, 1 am not
aware that any loss has occurred in the Depart-
ment.
For the detailed operations of tho Mint and its
branches I respectfully refer to the report of the
Superintendent of the Mint. The total value of
the bullion deposited at the Mint and branches
during the last fiscal year is $24,920,808 47, of
which $23,980,989 92 was in gold and §933,818 55
in silver. Deducting the redeposils, there remain
the actual deposits, amounting to $24,012,741 49.
The coinage for the year was, in gold coin,
$21,649,345; gold bars, $2,333,403 31; silver
coin, $548,214 10; silver bars, §301.872 89; cents,
$463,800; total coinage, $25,296,635 30. The
number of pieces of all denominations coined was
46,983,396. Of this coinage §3,560,436 40, in
45,114,276 pieces, was at Philadelphia; $19,536,-
809 02, m 1,869,120 pieces, at San Francisco;
and $1,876,377 04, in gold and silver bars, at
New York.
The branch mint at Denver has confined its op-
erations to melting, refining, assaying, and stamp-
ing bullion. The number of bars thus stamped
was five hundred and thiity-two, of the value of
$486,329 97. Thecostoftransportation from the
Denver mint to the seaboard, coupled with the
disturbed condition of the Indians on the route,
have operated thus far to prevent the full devel-
opment of the usefulness of this branch mint. I
have hopes that the efforts now making may prove
successful, so far as to obviate in great part the
difficulties referred to.
A question of title to the proposed site of the
branch mint at Nevada,authorized by Congress,
has intervened to prevent any further steps from
being taken toward its establishment, and no fur-
ther steps can be taken until Congress shall have
perfected the title.
As soon as proper information can be obtained,
the necessary measures will be taken for the es-
tablishment of a branch mint at Dalles City, Ore-
gon, in pursuance of the act of July 4, 1864.
Preliminary examinationsand reports have been
ordered relative to a new building for the mint at
San Francisco, authorized by the act of July 2,
1864.
As in preceding years, the great value of the
coast survey is constantly impressed upon the
Government. While its operations upon the
northern coast have been continued without in-
terruption, details of its officers have continued
to be furnished to the Army and Navy, who have
rendered services of great importance in the con-
duct of the war, and contributed largely to the
success of various military and naval operations,
not only upon the coast, but in the interior, as
frequently testified by the officers in command.
The light-houses and buoys in charge of the
Light-House Board have been maintained at their
recognized standard of excellence. Some sug-
gestions are made by the board tending to render
the system still more efficient, to carry out which
estimates have been submitted. The restoration
of lights, injured or destroyed by the rebels, has
been proceeded with as rapidly as the territory has
been brought within the comrol of the United
States forces. And it is believed that the same
uubroken chain which was exhibited before the
war will soon be reestablished along the whole
coast of the United States.
The Secretary refers with satisfaction to the
reports of the heads of the several bureaus and
offices, as exhibiting the onerous duties devolving
upon them, and the great amount of labor per-
formed, all of which has been, with few excep-
tions, bestowed cheerfully and assiduously. An
increase of force is required in the bureaus of
the Second and Third Auditors, and the Second
Comptroller, to prevent a vast accumulation of
business, injurious to claimants and embarrassing
to the Government.
The lease of the premises now occupied as a
custom-house in New York will expire on the 1st
day of May next. It may, under the provisions
of the contract of lease, be purchased by the Gov-
ernment for $1,000,000, if notice to that effect is
given three months before its termination. The
premises are suitable and convenient for custom-
house purposes,and of greatervalue than the sum
named, if the purchase is to be made, the Secre-
tary should be seasonably authorized to give the
stipulated notice, and the necessary appropriation
made before the adjournment of Congress. , This
pui chase has been heretofore recommended in two
successive reports, and in that recommendation
the Secretary fully concurs.
In closing this report, the Secretary feels that he
cannot but follow the example of his predecessor,
m gratefully acknowledging the obligation he is
under to the Assistant Secretaries and other of-
ficers of the Treasury Department, not only for
the cheerfulness and devotion with which their
own peculiar duties have been discharged, but for
the kindness and zeal with which they have
striven tolighten his labors, and enablehim to sus-
tain, however imperfectly, the weight of a most
onerous and embarrassing position.
W. P. FESSENDEN,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
NAV>*L DEPOT FOIl IRON-OLADS.
SPEECFf OF HON. S. J. RANDALL,
/ OF PENNSYLVANIA,
J?n the House of Representatives,
December 13, 18G4,
On the bill (II. R. No. 536) authorizing asm vey at and near
New London, Connecticut, and the establishment of a
navy-yard for iron-clad vessels thereat, the pending qties
tlon being upon the following substitute pioposed by Mr,
Kelley :
Strike our all after the cnacting clause, and inseit:
That the Seeretaiy of the Navy be, and he isheiebv, au-
thorized and directed to accept from'the city of Philadel-
phia a title to League J&iund on bolulf of the Government,
if said title ho perfect, ami to establish thereat a navy-yard
and dppot for the construction, docking, and repair of iron,
iron-clad, and other vessels.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, said:
Mr. Speaker: Tlie question of the location and
construction of a navy-yard for the building of
iron-clad vessels has been before Congress for ita
consideration and action for a long time, and has
