1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
n%
We should yield greater respect than to others.
But, sjr, when we come to the principle whether
or not this body, the Senate of the United States,
may or may not originate an appropriation bill,
I must say that I conceive it to be a point on
which men can scarcely differ.
Mr. JOHNSON. This is only amending it.
Mr. FOSTER. To amend one is of course a
more clear proposition, if there be any doubt about
the first. That reasonable, sensible men should
even differ on the question whether we may
not originate an appropriation bill proper, I can
scarcely believe. That power seems to me as
clear as any one of the privileges which belong to
this body. The Senator speaks of the better d§ys
of the Republic. Let me ask him to show in the
better days of the Republic, nay, from the begin-
ning down to this time, when that question was
made and it was decided that the Senate had not
that power.
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire to inquire whether
it appears by the record that anybody presumed
to ask for a division on the question in the Senate.
Mr. FOSTER. Not at all. There was no
division asked on any vote taken on this ques-
tion from the 11th of December, 2855, when Mr.
Brodhead first introduced the resolution, down
to the 9th of March following, when the bill was
passed. Two resolutions were debated. I think
the debate was confined to the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts and an honorable Senator
who was then in this body from New York, and
who now holds the position of Secretary of State
of the United States. I think those were the
only two Senators who spoke in opposition.
Mr. GRIMES. There were a few remarks by
Mr. Toucey.
Mr. FOSTER. Not by way of opposition.
These two Senators, 1 believe, were the only ones
who spoke in opposition to the power of theScnate.
Mr. SUMNER. My colleague also.
Mr. FOSTER. There may have been others,
but at all events there never was a division asked
on any vote taken. All was by unanimous con-
sent, as we pass resolutions and pass bills to
which nobody objects. There was no doubtevi-
denced by a vote as to the power of the Senate
over the subject. It is true that the Constitution
restricts us from originating a bill for raising rev-
enue. Our Constitution follows the example in
that respect of the British constitution, which
gives to the Commons the power to originate
money bills, as they are called in England, and
denies that power to the Lords. That distinction,
in this respect, exists in our Constitution between
the Senate and the House of Representatives, not
with any very good reason, as 1 apprehend. There
is no principle in denying to the Senate the power
to originate revenue bills; but our fathers judged
it best that it should be so, and they put the pro-
hibition in the Constitution, and therefore that
power is denied us. But so far as the power to
originate an appropriation bill is concerned, it is
not taken from us, and not one sensible reason can
be given why we may not exercise it as well as
the House of Representatives. But if therewere,
as the honorable Senator from Maryland well
suggests, when we come to amending even a rev-
enue bill, the Senate has as much power, in that
regard, as the House, and we can really make a
new bill by what we put on to the House revenue
bill; thus, m effect, therefore,can practically ori-
ginate a revenue bill as well as the House.
All that it is proposed to do here by the honor-
able Senator from Ohio is to put on this bill the
deficiency bill which has been previously passed
by both Houses, it is true that it was passed by
the House of Representatives with another clause
to it, which other clause did not pass the Senate.
Striking off the clause which did not pass the
Senate, it is offered in that shape as an amend-
ment to this appropriation bill; and the Senator
from Massachusetts insists that this is a step taken
which cannot be justified by the practice of the
better days of the Republic; that it is an innova-
tion dangerous to the liberties of the people, a
usurpation of a prerogative not belonging to the
Senate, and of dangerous example.
Mr. President, it is as dangerous to vote on a mo-
tion to adjourn as it is to vote on that proposition,
and quite as much an infringement of the Consti-
tution and of our prerogatives. Sir, it is not pos-
sible to raise a doubt on the question. About its
policy, its expediency, men may differ; but as to
the right of the Senate, I repeat, it is not possible
to raise a doubt.
As it regards any difference between the two
Houses, and any danger that we may get into a
serious collision with the other branch, it seems
to me that adding the deficiency bill to this bill,
under the circumstances, is away out of contro-
versy rather than a way into a new one. I agree
with the honorable Senator from Ohio, that if the
House of Representatives are disposed to get out of
a troublesome controversy, here is a door opened,
here is a way by which each House may retain
its honor, if it has any feelingof wounded honor.
There is certainly nothing offensive to the House
of Representatives in putting the deficiency bill
as an amendment on this appropriation bill; there
can be nothing offensive in it. It is not legisla-
tive matter which is obnoxious to objection on an
appropriation bill. The practice of both Houses
is, when a legislative matter is put on by one
House to which the other objects, for the House
putting it on to withdraw it; but this is matter
pertinent to the bill, it is matter about which the
two Houses do not differ, and under these circum-
stances it seems to me just, right, and expedient
that we adopt it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I did not
understand the honorable member from Massa-
chusetts when he was up befoie as denying the
right of the Senate to originate precisely such a
bill as this amendment would be if it was before us
as a bill originated here in the Senate exclusively.
I speak it with due respect and the better reading of
the honorable member from Massachusetts; but
I never have heard the authority of the Senate to
institute a bill of this description doubted by any-
body. Whether it was advisable, looking to the
character of the two Houses, that the Senate
should exeit that power was another question.
By many it was supposed that it would be better
that these bills should come in the first instance
from the House of Representatives. There were
many reasons why perhaps that usage should be
pursued; but that the Senate had the power to do
it if they thought proper to do it, and that there
might be circumstances which render it proper
that it should be done, has always seemed to me
to be perfectly clear.
In the case to which the honorable member from
Connecticut has referred, in which the proposition
was introduced into the Senate by the late Mr.
Brodhead, and was supported by the Committee
on Finance and was supported by almost every
member of the Senate, it is very clear that as the
Senate was situated at that time and as Congress
were at that time situated, it was very advisable
that the power which the Senate was admitted
to have should be exerted. From the peculiar
condition of Congress, it was exceedingly doubt-
ful whether the appropriation bills would be
passed at all if the Senate waited until they were
originated first arid passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives; and in order to serve the country,
in order to preserve for the time our institutions,
and to do justice to the many persons who were
depending upon the appropriation bills, the hon-
orable member then from Pennsylvania, (Mr.
Brodhead,) with the assent of his colleagues on
the Finance Committee, thought proper to in-
troduce that resolution, and the Senate acted
upon it.
Now let me say a word before I sit down in
answer to the suggestion of the honorable mem-
ber from Massachusetts, that the precedent es-
tablished by those men who then controlled the
Senate upon this subject is not one to be pursued.
Why not? They are in arms, he says. Suppose
they are; were they not educated men, experienced
men, men who had been in the councils of the
country for ages, and some of them very acute
men, some of them very able men? And among
others Mr. Hunter, with whom the President has
recently been carrying on a quasi negotiation, was
one among the ablest members that this body
has ever had. He has sinned now, I admit; but,
as I had occasion to say the other day, he was
by those by whom he was surrounded much
"more sinned against than sinning." He has
been led astray, and is now, I have no doubt, if
his heart could be read, in the condition in which
ho is most unwillingly. But my purpose is not
to vindicate Mr. Hunter. My purpose is more
specially to vindicate the memory of a man who
is now dead, to whom I stood in the relation of
friend for years before his decease, Mr. Brod«
head. Why not follow a precedent that Mr.
Brodhead had anything to do with establishing?
He was a lawyer of very respectable ability. He
was a patriotic man, exceedingly patriotic; and 1
say injustice to his memory—and it may per- ,
haps make his memory more acceptable to the
honorable member from Massachusetts—that the
honorable member himself was notmore opposed
to the course pursued by those southern gentle-
men than the man whose memory he has unwit-
tingly, as i think, aspersed. I speak knowingly
when. I say that Mr. Brodhead labored day and
night to prevent the fatal course which those men
thought proper to adopt, and from the moment
that it was done, up to the last moment when he
left this world, he continued not only to lament
but to condemn it; and with all the respect that
I may feel for the intelligence of the honorable
member from Massachusetts, if Mr. Brodhead
was not his equal in general literature, if because
he was comparatively poor and had a family to
support he was obliged to give his time almost
exclusively to his profession, I say that so far
as professional ability was concerned, high as I
may esteem that of the honorable member from
Massachusetts, Mr. Brodhead was at least his
equal, and just as competent to decide upon the
true interpretation to be given to this orany other
clause of the Constitution as any member of thid
body.
I have said this, Mr. President, because, as I
said just now, I stood in the relation of friend to
a man who I know was patriotic; not because
he agreed with me politically as to the manner in
which the Government was to be administered—
he was a Democrat always; I never—but as far
as his patriotism is concerned, from the moment
when my acquaintance with him commenced up
to the last moment that I saw him, which was a
month or two before he died, his was as pure and
perfect as the feeling can be in the bosom of the
honorable member from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no desire to protract
this discussion, and I am sure that it has gone
much beyond anything that I could have antici-
pated. 1 shall not follow the Senator from Ma-
ryland in the topics, personal or general, which
he has introduced. I have no motive to enter
upon any criticism of the gentleman to whom he
has referred, but I was his associate in this Cham-
ber, and I remember well his position on all crit-
ical questions of the time. Perhaps, on that ac-
count, I was more familiar with him than the
Senator from Maryland. However, let that pass,
i do not wish to add to the burden which may per-
haps rest upon his memory. The Senator could
say less of the other authority. 1 do not wish
even to refer to him. 1 merely call attention to
it to put it aside. I shall not follow the Senator.
Nor, again, am I disposed to follow the Senator
from Connecticut in the graver topics which he
introduced. I had already said enough perhaps
to elucidate the jdea which I tried to present.
The Senator certainly has exaggerated what I
intended to say; I did not intend to present the
case as strongly as he makes me present it; and
yet I am obliged to meet the Senator on one ques-
tion. He says that the power of the Senate to
originate an f\ppropriation bill is beyond ail doubt;
nobody can doubt it. Why, sir, the records of
this body show that it has been doubted, and by
some of the most eminent Senators who have been
here. I quoted the words of one of our most
eminent Senators. He more than doubted it.
Let me add, I more than doubt it. I know full
well that the language of the Constitution is not
perfectly clear; it is perhaps ambiguous; it re-
quires interpretation; but I do know that there
is an unbroken usage of this Government from
its beginning down to 1856, and that is enough
for me. Even if there were a power in those am-
biguous words of the Constitution, I should sub-
mit that it was perhaps lost by non-user. Sena-
tors know very well that a power that has not
been used for more than half a century is a power
that we might well hesitate to use. That is all
that I wish to suggest.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think that I concur in
the views of the Senatorfrom Massachusetts, that
if we move to put the deficiency bill upon which
the controversy has arisen between the Senate and:
the Houseof Representatives upon thisapproprU
ation bill, we shall raise another isaue> and aa
