in
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
issue upon which the consciences and the judg-
ments of tne House may sustain them in their
action. But if we hold upon the deficiency bill
to the issue made on that, and hold it by itself,
we have a clear, defined issue upon which I have
no doubt that the heart, and the conscience, and
the judgment of the House will be with us and
against themselves when it comes to be discussed.
There is perhaps a little feeling of pride, because
a resolution has passed and the money has been
appropriated by someof the officials; but the dan-
ger is that if we put the deficiency bill on to the
legislative bill, we may change the issue, which
is now clear and distinct, about which there can
be no question, into an issue that the House may
say and some of them conscientiously believe that
we are trespassing on their constitutional preroga-
tive. Now, without going into the discussion of
that point, I think by this course we shall raise
a question we had better avoid. Let us stand dis-
tinctly upon our position on the deficiency bill
and let us take the responsibility. Let us stand
fast, and by a unanimous, united voice of the Sen-
ate show that we cannot yield on that point. It
is impossibleforus to yield and allow the House,
contrary to law, to pay their employes twenty per
cent, more than the lawallows. Wecannotyield
that without doing the same thing by our em-
ployes* and the employes around the House and
the Senate are better paid i believe than any other
employes of the Government. If we yield as to
them, we are compelled to yield as to the whole,
and there is no enu to it. 1 do not intend to dis-
cuss the question further than to express my hope
that the Senator from Ohio will not insiston put-
ting this deficiency bill upon the legislative ap-
propriation bill. Let us meet the issue square on
the deficiency bill by itself and pass the legisla-
tive appropriation bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. lam perfectly satisfied that
the mode adopted by the Committee on Finance
will bring us outofthis difficulty without further
serious controversy; but if it should be otherwise,
if the House of Representatives should insist on
amending this amendment of ours, we can at any
time recede from it and leave the matter stand as
it now stands on the difference between the two
Houses. We can recede from this amendment at
any time, at any stage of the contest. I assure
the Senator from Wisconsin that if he wants to
accomplish the purpose he declares, he had better
vote this amendmenton this appropriation bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to offer the following amend-
ment, to come in on page 8, after line one hundred
and seventy-two:
For addition to the Public Printing, Office and the neces-
sary presses, machinery, and fixtures, $01,000.
The Committee on Printing have, with a good
deal of reluctance, come to the conclusion to rec-
ommend this large appropriation,and the reasons
for it perhaps will be as well understood from the
reading of the letter of the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing as in any other way. I send the letter
to the desk to be read.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Office Superintendknt Public Printing,
Washington, Felruaiy '2, i860.
Dear Sir: Your letter making inquiry as to the best
means to he adopted to facilitate the public pi uiting lias been
received, and I hasten to leply.
The Government is tlx* owner of sixty-eight fret front on
H street running back one hundred and seventy-five feet.
An addition to the present building of fifty-eight leet fiont
(leaving a ten-foot alley for light and past««ig<') and 1 mining
back seventy-five feet, four stones high, would not exceed
$05,000 in cash. This would give room on the giound tlooi
loj eighteen Adciriibbook presses if found rieee^sajy, 1 think,
however, twelve would be sufficient. These would eo t,
put up, about $3,000 each. The, apptopjration necessary
tor the addition and piesses would be $61,000. With this
outlay, the public work could be done piomptly. After the
decrease of work for the Executive Department*, winch
must take place at the close of the war, a daily reeoid of
the proceedings and debates in Congress (sJmilar to the
Congressional Globe) could be printed at a much less cost
to the Government than the amount now paid for that pub-
lication.
I think it much better to thus increase the facilities for
doing the pi ess-work m this office than to send it out to be
done by the token. The amount of money thus saved would
soon refund the amount of the appropriation.
Verv respectfully, youis, &c.,
JOHN D. DEFREES,
Superintendent Ptiblic Printing,
Hon. H. Anthony,
Chairman Committee on Printing, U. S. Senate.
f\ S. I hand you an estimate of master buiidera as to the
cost of the building, and the cost of Adams presses as shown
in the price list ot It. Iloe &. Co.
Mr. ANTHONY. One of two things must
be done in regard to the public printing: cither
a larger amount than is now done outside of the
office must be done—for a considerable amount
is now done outside of the office—or the office
must be enlarged. It is the opinion of the Super-
intendent, who is a very careful man, and I think
one of the most economical men connected with
the Government, that, at the present rates of print-
ing, the expenditure which is called for by this
amendment will be saved in about two years over
the cost of doing the work out of the Govern-
ment building; and if the presses shall not be
wanted at the termination of the war they are al-
ways of considerable value, and probably would
be worth one half or two thirds of their actual
cost.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. From the same committee
I offer this amendment, to come in after line one
hundred and sixty-nine, on page 8:
And the Superintendent of Public Printing is hereby au-
thorized to pay the foreman of the binding the same com-
pensation now paid to the foreman of the punting.
I am as reluctant as any Senator can be to make
any increase in salaries. The compensation of
this officer now is $1,500; that of the foreman
of the printing is $1,800. The Superintendent
assures me that $1,800 is as low as is paid by
other establishments. The officer whom he has
with him, and whom he considers very valuable,
has offers to go to private establishments for that
compensation. The Senate understands that this
compensation is to a skilled laborer, and I have
no doubt that the difference between a man capa-
ble of doing the work and an ordinary man is a
great many times the salary paid.
The amendment was rejected; there being, on
a division—ayes 15, noes 16.
Mr. SUMNER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to move an amend-
ment to come in on page 11,under the head "inci-
dental and contingentexpensesof the Department
of State," after line two hundred and forty-three:
For the payment of the first annual installment of the
propoitiou contributed by the United rifates towaid the cap-
italization of the tfeheldt <1 tie*. t<> uilfill the stipulation con-
tained m the tourth aiticle of the convention between the
United States and Belgium ou the 20ih of May, 1863, the
sum of $0.">,584 111 com, and such further sum as may be
necessary to carry out tlie stipulation* of the convention
providing for the payment of inteiost ou the said sum and
on the portion of the principal lemaining unpaid.
This is based on an estimate that has been
furnished to me from the Department of State.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understand it is to carry
into effect a treaty.
Mr. SUMNER. It is to carry into effect an
existing treaty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I submit this amendmentas
an additional section:
Jliul be it further enactcd, That the compensation of each
Senator, Representative, and Delegate in Congress shall be
$10,000 lor each Confess, and mileage as piovided by the
act nppioved August 36,1836, and other laws pertaining
thereto ; and that the piovisions of this section shall apply
to the piesent Congress, and each Senator, Representative,
and Delegate'•hall be entitled to receive the difference only
between their compensation already received under the
law now in force, and the compensation piovided by this
act; and that ali acts or parts of acts inconsistent with
or repugnant to the provisions of this act be, and the same
are hereby, repealed.
Mr. FOOT. I ask for the yeas and nays on
that amendment. I think that is all the argu-
ment it is necessary to present to the Senate.
The yeas and nays were oidered.
Mr. 1IALE. I move to amend theamendment
by striking out that part of it which makes this
increase applicable to the present Congress.
Mr. COLLAMER. I hope the amendment
now proposed will not be sustained. If the pay
is to be increased I think we who are now suffer-
ing ought to have the benefit of it. My opinion
is against the whole proposition; but I think if it
is entertained we should not be excluded from it.
The amendment to theamendment was rejected.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask if the amendment is
in order.
Mr. FOOT, and others. Never mind; let us
have the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, The yeas and
naj&s have been ordered, and the call will proceed.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 31; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Hendricks, Lane of Kansas, Nes-
mlth. Powell. Richardson, Riddle, Sauisbury, Sprague, and
Wright—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Clark, Collamer,
Conness, Cowan, Farwell, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Hale,
Harlan, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Lane
of Indiana, Morgan, Morrill, Nye, Ramsey, Sheiman,
Stewart, Sumnei,Ten Eyck,Trumbull, Wade, Wilkinson,
Willey, and Wilson—31.
ABSENT—Messis. Brown, CarJile, Chandler, Dixon,
Doolittle, Harding, Hicks, McDougall, Pomeroy, and Van
Winkle—10.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HARLAN. I offer the following amend-
ment as a new section:
•find be it further enacted, That from and after the pas-
sage of this act the public lands in the State of Nevada
shall, for surveying purposes, be attached to and included
in the surveying district of California.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARLAN. There will be a slight verbal
amendment now necessary. On page 20, in line
four hundred and seventy-two, I move to strike
out " Nevada," and in line four hundred and
seventy-eight to insert " and Nevada" after
" California."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those verbal
amendments will be made, to carry out the pre-
vious vote of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move to amend the bill
by striking out lines eight hundred and fifty-nine,
eight hundred and sixty, eight hundred and sixty-
one, eight hundred and sixty-two, and eight hun-
dred and sixty-three.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
stricken out, as follows:
For legal assistance and other necessary expenditures in
the disposal of private land claims in California,,*$10,000.
For special and other extraordinary expenses of Califor-
nia land claims, §10,000.
Mr. JOHNSON. "We have from first to last
appropriated between two and three hundred
thousand dollars for the settlement of these land
claims. I think it is time we stopped it. The
u legal assistance" which is here provided for is
not only legal assistance in California, where the
claims originate, but assistance in the Supreme
Court of the United States. It has always seemed
to me extraordinary that the Attorney General
and the Assistant Attorney General have not been
entirely competent—perhaps I ought to speak in
a different way; I suppose they are competent, I
will say willing—to argue ali these causes.
Mr. GRIMES. Do they not argue them?
Mr. JOHNSON. No. During the last Admin-
istration—and it has been so during the present
Administration, as wellas I recollect—nota single
one of these cases was argued by the Attorney Gen-
eral; and he has paid away as much as $200,000
for assistance. Whatever may have been neces-
sary in the beginning because of the character of
these cases, it certainly cannot be necessary now
that there should be any extraordinary help.
When these cases were first brought before the
courts the questions were comparatively new;
indeed, perhaps altogether new. They involved
the mining laws as they existed under the Spanish
and Mexican Governments; and then there were
a great many questions of fraud, actual or alleged,
which required very great labor either to make
out the allegation in point of factor to disprove
it, and that required perhaps very extraordinary
efforts which the proper officers of the Govern-
ment were not m a situation to make. But that
is ail over now. There is not, as I think, a ques-
tion that can now arise in any of these cases that
has not been so far settled, analogically, at least,
by cases that have already been before the Su-
preme Court, that every Attorney General com-
petent to discharge the duties can very fully rep-
resent the interests of the United States; and I
have no doubt that the present incumbent of the
office, who is a man of ability and a man of great
industry, will be found altogether equal to the
discharge of these duties.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move further to amend
the bill by striking out the word " one" in the
eight hundred and seventieth line and inserting
" three;" so as to read, " for traveling expenses
of the judge assigned to the tenth circuit, for at-
tending session of the Supreme Court of the United
States, $3,000."
Mr. HOWARD. I should like to hear some
