726
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
proposes to take the sense of the Senate on the
question.
Mr, HENDRICKS. I thought the Chair had
• decided the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
gave an opinion, but said he would take the sense
of the Senate on the question whether the amend-
ment was admissible on the point of order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am very much in favor
of giving Judge Field an additional allowance for
traveling expenses; I have talked with him about
it, and therefore would be in favor of this propo-
sition; but if the question of order is submitted
to be decided upon the rule, 1 do not see how any
other conclusion can be arrived at but that this is
within the rule. The law not only allows him for
traveling expenses, but fixes the amount at $1,000.
The amount is fixed bylaw. Now, this is to ap-
propriate money no.t allowed by law, an addi-
tional sum beyond the amountauthorized by law;
so that if the legal question is submitted to us, I shall
be bound to vote that it is within the rule. I can
suggest to Senators that it would be very easy to
have this matter referred to the Judiciary Com-
mittee and have it examined. If the amount is
too low, in some subsequent appropriation bill
the Judiciary or some other Committee can report
the proper amendment. That is the true way.
I feel bound by my position to enforce the rule,
and if the question is submitted to us, shall de-
cide the question according to the rule as I read
it. I think the amendment is clearly out of or-
der under the rule, though I should be glad to
vote for the allowance.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Shall the
amendment be received within the 30th rule ?
Mr. STEWART. It seems to me that this 13
rather a strict construction of this rule. We have
increased several appropriations. If the construc-
tion now urged be correct, the only thing we can
do is to cut out and cut down appropriations after
they are reported.
Mr. GRIMES. Those amendments came from
committees. This does notcomefrom a committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will say to the honorable
Senator from Nevada that the objection is this: it
does not come ft0111 a committee. A committee
may report an amendment raising an amount, but
the rule requires that it should be acted on by a
committee. Until thatis done,itis within the rule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on receiving the amendment.
Mr. HALE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that the question is not on the amend-
ment, but whether it can be received under the
rule.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On that proposition 1
wish to make this suggestion: this is eleaily not
an additional appropriation but an addition to a
proposed appropriation. It is an amendment to
a proposed appropriation of the committee. It is
a proposed addition instead of an additional ap-
propriation.
Mr. JOHNSON. Before the vote i-s taken, I
wiil say that it appears to me very clear that it is
not in conflict with the Yule. I should be entirely
confident of that if some of the Senators around
me did not entertain a different opinion. To con-
strue the rule as they would have it construed is
to place the Senate in this situation: on these gen-
eral appropriation bills the Senate could do noth-
ing in relation to any of the items except to re-
duce the amount; they could not increase the
amount. 1 suppose the object of the rule is to
prevent any additional item being brought into
the appropriation bill, any additional subject. It
would be most extraordinary that when we are
authorized to amend bills, (for this rule is not
against the power of amendment,) when we are
authorized to a-mend appropriation bills as well
as other bills, our whole charge over the appro-
priation bill with reference to the items contained
in the bill should be to reduce the amount and
not to increase it. If you add a dollar to any
single item, it is against the rule, provided it be
true that that makes an appropriation within the
meaning of the rule. Can that be so? Is that
the purpose of the rule? Do the Senate mean to
tie up their hands in relation to all the appropri-
ation bills so that they shall consider nothing that
does not lessen the amount appropriated for each
item ?
i do not understand it so. My opinion is that
if the item itself is in the bill, if the subject of
appropriation is in the bill, you may add to the
amount without reference' to the restriction of the
rule. The whole purpose of providing that an
amendment shall come from a committee before
it can be incorporated into an appropriation bill
in the Senate, is that the committee may decide
upon the propriety of introducing some new mat-
ter into the bill. Thatis not proposed here. The
bill already proposes to give $1,000 for this pur-
pose. The Senator who makes this pointof order
supposes that you can reduce the appropriation
to any amount, but cannot add a dollar to it,
because the addition of a dollar is an additional
appropriation. Diminishing it a dollar is in one
sense an appropriation; that is, it is appropriat-
ing less than the bill appropriated before. I sub-
mit to the Senate that there is nothing in the rule
inconsistent with the amendment which I have
suggested, and I do not understand that there is
on the part of the Senate any objection to the
amendment upon its merits.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 23, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Clark, Oonness, Cowan,
Dixon, Poohttle, Hendricks Howard, Johnson, Lane of
Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Nesmith, Nye, Pomcroy, Powell,
Ramsey, Sprague, Stewait, Sumner, Wilkinson, Willey,
Wilson, and Wught—23.
NAYti— Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Collamer, Davis,
Farwell, Fo<ter, Grimes, Hale, Huilan, Harris, Henderson,
Howe, Morgan, Mornll, Saulbhury, Sherman, Ten J3yck,
andTiumbull—18.
ABSENT — Messrs. Anthony, Cariile, Foot, Hauling,
Hicks, MeDougall, Richardson, Riddle, Van Winkle, and
Wade—10.
So the Senate decided that the amendment was
receivable under the rule.
Mr. HALE. I am opposed to this amendment
for one reason, if for no other, and that is, that
the amendment on its face does not speak the
truth. In saying that, I of course mean no dis-
icspect to the Senator who moves it. I say so
because on its face it proposes to give this judge
$3,000 for his expenses in traveling to attend the
sessions of the Supreme Court, and it is manifest
to the Senate, and to everybody else, who will
take the trouble to look into it, that the sum already
provided by law will pay those expenses.
Mr. JOHNSON. It does not pay anything
likethem, as the Senatorfrom Nevada has stated.
Mr. HALE. Lettheamendnrventbeagainread.
The Secretary read the amendment.
Mr. HALE. It is now proposed to assign him
$3,000 for his traveling expenses in attending the
sessions of the Supreme Court; and if it shall be
found hereafter that that does not cover mote than
one third of his traveling expenses, we shall be
called on to pay more. If the Senate are determ-
ined to pay Judge Field this salary, if they think
it due to him, I have no objection to it; but I have
objection to the Senate voting to pay a man $3,000
for peiformmg a journey which docs not cost
SI,000. I am opposed to it for that reason, and
1 am opposed to it because 1 do not think this is
the time to increase salaries. We decided just
now by a very large vote not to increase our own
salaries. Most of the argument that is presented
for this increase to Judge Field might be presented
for the increase of our own salaries. The Senate
have, not uniformly, but in a great many instances,
refused to raise any salary unless it was put in the
shape of " the rank, pay, and emoluments of a
brigadier general;" put in that shape, it has been
pretty certain to go through. But I think this is
not the time to raise salaries; and if it was, it is
not the time to pay for a thing three times what
it costs.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 regret to be compelled to
say anything in this case which shall amount to
a contiadiction of what a Senator has said in de-
bate; but I am bound to state that the Senator
from New Hampshire is in error and mistaken in
what he has stated in regard to the expenses of
the persons spoken of and to whom this amend-
ment is applicable. And I would remind the Sen-
ator that, although he sometimes advocates econ-
omy} as he does at present, such is not always
his course. Recently, if I am not mistaken—I
saw it in a punted lecord—he had £>2,000 paid
him for going to Halifax.
Mr. HALE. 1 call the Senator to order. I
do not wish to get into any personal controversy
here, but I want the rules enforced. I raise a
question of order.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from New Hampshire will state his point of order.
Mr. HALE. The point of order is that he has
no right to impeach my motives or conduct in any
way, nor to refer to my private history for an
illustration of his argument.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe I have not im-
peached the Senator's motives. I certainly de-
clare that that was not my intention. I think if
the Senator has raised a question which involves
a matter of expenditure he should not be an ex-
ception to the rule which illustrates it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the point
of order is insisted upon, it is not debatable. If
the Senator from California would confine him-
self to the matter before the Senate, the Senator
from New Hampshire perhaps would not insist
on the point of order.
Mr. CONNESS. I suppose it is in order to
state that the Senator recently advocated the in-
crease of the salary of the consul at Halifax. I
am satisfied (and 1 say that to the credit of the
Senatoi) that he would never have done that if
he had not ascertained it to be necessary, perhaps
by going there. I hope I do not trench on the
rules of order in stating this much. This econ-
omy that is spasmodic in its character is not the
kind to follow.
I have called the attention of the Senate to the
fact that we consented to a motion to strikeout
$20,000 of appropriations from this very bill ap-
plicable to our State, thus illustrating clearly that
our purpose is not to expend public money in be-
half of persons from that country. I know that
if the Senator was as well aware as I am of the
expenses incurred by this magistrate, he would
not take the position he has taken here. I know
that from his generosity of character. And I will
take leave to say here that there is nothing more
difficult than to havegentlemen on this side of the
continent understand that it costs more to travel,
more to live, more to buy any necessary or com-
fort or luxury connected with life, 011 the Pacific
coast than it does here. This magistrate has not
only to travel back and forth annually and live at
this expensive capital, where others have got to
live, but he goes to Oregon, lie goes to Nevada,
and the incidental expenses connected with his
performance of duty cannot be and are not paid
by his salary and the mileage allowed. It is
within my personal knowledge, which I have
avoided stating here thus far,that he cannot sustain
himself and does not sustain himself from the sal-
ary that he receives. I will not state here the de-
tails and invade his privacy from whence it comes.
Sufficc it to say that a purer-minded gentleman
does not exist on earth. I say it is not right to
impose absolute suffering and want upon such
an officer through what is very near akin to par-
simo ny.
We are not here as advocates of increase ofsala-
ries or the wasteful expenditure of money. It
cannot be charged upon us. 1 regret very much
that I have been called upon even to respond
thus in reply to the Senator. I will say, before I
take my seat, that I had no intention of invading
the courtesies due to the Senator, nor of impeach-
ing his motives. I have no doubt that the Sena-
tor on the occasion to which I referred rendered
a quid pro quo.
Mr HENDERSON. I move that the Senate
take a recess until seven o'clock. ["No," "No."]
I desire to state that the Senator who has this bill
in charge, the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, is exceedingly anxious to getthrough with
it this week and to-morrow is assigned for District
of Columbia business.
Mr. CONNESS. Let us vote on this amend-
ment.
Mr. WILKINSON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and nays,
and they wcie ordered.
Mr. FOSTER. I wish to ask whether the Sen-
ator trom Ohio, who has charge of this bill, de*
sires the Senate to remain here until it shall be
disposed of. I shall be governed by his views on
that subject, because he knows what the wants
of the counti y are in reference to this bilk
Mr. SHERMAN. If we can pass the bill to*
morrow, I shall be perfectly contcnt; I think w$
ought to passu this week; we are getting behind
hand.
