1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38th Cose....2d Sess.
Board of Admiralty—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
day of disastrous memory. For these reasons I
desire to offer a few observations in support of
the amendment which I have proposed.
This amendment is not introduced upon my
own judgment, is not one hastily drawn and
thrown before the House to provoke a discussion;
but it was introduced after great deliberation, not
deliberation in my own mind, but after delibera-
tion in connection with the first officers of the
Navy of the United States, the men who must
bear your flag, navigate your ships, fight your
guns, and maintain the honor of your country
with the means you place at their disposal. They
are the men who tremble at the present condition
of tiie Navy.
The honorable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Spalding,] on the Naval Committee, was prompt
and noxious to thrust aside, unconsidered, this
amendment when it was introduced theotherday,
because it was under consideration before the Na-
val Committee. But it is proper to say that the bill
was referred to the Naval Committee at the last
session; next late in the session—three months
befoie its close; and if they have not considered
it, it is because they do not wish a vote upon it
or do not consider it worthy of consideration. 1
have more than once applied to-one or two of the
gentlemen upon that committee to take the bill
up and consider it, and to report it, even if they
reported unfavorably upon it, so that the country
might have an opportunity of having the judg-
ment of this House and the vote of this {louse
upon that measure.
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. For a moment.
Mr. fc$PALDliNGr. 1 would say that the Naval
Committee has considered the bill, and agreed to
repot t unfavorably upon it.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Then, sir, thete
is no further reason for delay. Perhaps the House
will understand why that repoit is made now,
when it can be no longer delayed. At an curlier
stage, as an independent measuie, there would
have been a chance of having a consideration of
the bill. When I saw that there was a purpose
that there should be no consideration of u, I
moved it as an amendment to the appropriation
bill. The Naval Committee were not then ready to ex-
press their judgment upon it. Now that it is here,
and the House mast act upon it, they have sud-
denly made up their opinions—upon what consid-
eration itis for them to say—and throw the weight
of their judgment against it when it is up for con-
sideration before the House. Sir, their judgment
will, of course, not have the weight and consider-
ation ofa committee underordinary circumstances;
but that they have delibeiated for nearly a year
without deciding on it, looks as though their opin-
ion were given now for the purpose of accomplish-
ing what they did not accomplish by smothering
the bill.
There are, I agree, grave objections to incor-
porating important measuresupon the appropria-
tion bills. But before this amendment was moved
the House, by an almost unanimous vote, had
greatly changed the organization of the Navy by
increasing largely the number of cadets allowed
at the Naval Academy. And the objection urged
to incorporating ihis amendment upon the appro-
priation bill struck me as veiy remarkable, when
an amendment of that kind had already been
adopted within half an hour before I made my
motion, on the motion of the honorable gentleman
now in the chair, [Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,]
amended and enlarged upon the motion of the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr. Stevens.]
Theie are circumstances where grave and im-
portant measures may with pi opriety be put into
an appropiiation bill; and while that precedent
surely justifies this amendment in point of par-
liamentary law, there is an additional considera-
tion why this should be incorporated here. The
declaration of the gentleman from the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs sufficiently shows that this
measure does not meet with favor at the other end
of the avenue; that the people whose hands are
to be tied by the presence of responsible advisers
prefer that the fettersshould not be put upon them.
And we have experienced more than once in this
Congress that measures of national moment.
passed unanimously by this House, have rested
unacted upon elsewhere. Sir, there is small pros-
pectof securing the passage of any measure which
has to be forced upon opponents at the other end
of the avenue. It is impossible to getevena vote
upon such measures unless they are placed upon
bills that put them before the public eye and re-
quire a vote either in the affiimative or negative.
I avow, sir, that it was not to insure the passage
of the amendment, but to compela vote on it, that
I moved it when I did,
Mr. Chairman , we are creating a navy at enor-
mous cost; not increasing a navy; not merely
continuing the ordinary expenses of a navy; we
are creating one. We are driven to the neces-
sity of passing from a second or a third-rate into
the classof a first-rate naval Power; and the ques-
tion that we have to decide is, under what respon-
sibility, by whose advice, under whose auspices,
shall that great change be made? We have now
had the experience of four years of war. The
changes that have been made have been made
under the auspices of the Secretary of the Navy
and his irresponsible Assistant Secretary, who is
the real and acting Secretary of the Navy, and on
the suggestion of the chief of the Bureau of Engi-
neers; and beyond that responsibility there is no
responsibility to the people or the country for any-
thing that has been done heretofore or anything
that may be done hereafter.
What has been the result? We are taught to
believe that we are a great naval Power. We
have the semblance certainly; whether we have
the reality is something that remains to be seen.
We are told by authority that we have 671 ves-
sels-of-war, and that we have 4,610 guns afloat,
or for which vessels are being built. If ihatbeso,
then we are a great naval Power, though perhaps
not of the fust class. But, sir, it is impoitant
to analyze that statement and see what there
is of substance in it—how many guns there are
afloat that must go down in the fiist collision,
how many that can bear the flag of the Republic
in the face of the foice of a great naval Power.
When we scan the figures given us by the De-
partment, and analyze in the light of the reports
of the Department the origin, structure, and speed
of the vessels which bear the guns, and apply to
it the judgment of naval men, the laws and con-
ditions which are to be observed in the construc-
tion of naval ve&sels—matters upon which 1 am
not entitled to express an opinion, but on which
I may quote the opinion of those who are pro-
fessionally competent—we find that these figures
dwindle to more modest proportions, that the real
navy is greatly less than the apparent navy of the
report.
The aggregate given by the Secretary's report
is 651 vessels, with 4,610 guns. But there are
112 sailing vessels, wnh 850 guns. The Secre-
tary of the Navy tells us that sailing vessels ate
useless for the purposes of modern war. It is use-
less, after that authority, to quote any other; for
if the Secretary of the Navy knows it, then every
midshipman at least knows it, and everybody else
in the country. Then 850 guns are to be taken
from the apparatus of war of the Navy. We
have besides 174 paddle-wheel steamers bought;
that is to say, merchant vessels, with all their
machinery exposed, so that a single shot subjects
them to the fate of fhe Hatteras, exploded and
sunk by the Alabama in the Gull of Mexico.
They are not war vessels, built for naval service,
but ordinary mercantile vessels, purchased by the
United States for the purposes of the blockade.
Now, sir, 1 do not cutlass'1 the propriety of those
purchases; on the coniiarv, I think they were
eminently wise when tin y were made. Whether
they were made as economically as possible is a
matter that I do not propose to consider. But to
place them among the war vessels of the Navy,
and to think that those 174 vt hs els carrying 921
guns are to be accounted part ot the naval strength
of the United States in the event of a naval war,
is a delusion that must result in disaster.
There are, besides, 149 sci ew vessels, light-pro-
peller vessels, likewise bought from the mei caritile
marine Every naval man knows that no vessel
constructed for moie mercantile purposesisorcan
be made a vessel-of-war fit to be placed in hue ot
battle ma great naval struggle. They answer to
catch blockade runners; they will answer possibly
to ciuise after the commerce of the ene'rny. Bat
when the flag of England shall float over a fleet
representing in this day that/which Nelson com- .
manded at Trafalgar, that nation that meets such
a fleet with vessels built for the merchant service
is doomed to disaster; and when wo have a state-
ment which includes such vessels as a part of the
naval strength of the country, no man who val-
ues the honor of the country or its safety in a
&ky of naval battle can permit such a statement
to pass without saying that it is a delusion and a
snare. When you sum up those vessels you find
/rom the aggregate of 671 you have stricken off
435 vessels and 2,385 guns, and left 236 vessels
bearing 2,225 guns.
But let us go a step further. There are like-
wise of the vessels built for naval purposes, un-
der the auspices of the Department, 47 paddle-
wheel steamers—double-enders,asthey are called
—ferry-boats, river steamers, hawks to catch
blockade runners; but for a day of naval battle
no naval man will allow them to be called war
vessels at all. Their machinery is all exposed,
their boilers are exposed. Whatever may be their
availability for blockade purposes, though they
escape a chance shot from a rover, as part of the
naval force of the United States they must be
stricken from the list, for it is not possible they
could survive a collision with vessels of equal
armament constructed on naval principles. And
we must also deduct five paddle-wheel steamers
of the old Navy. These two classes of paddle-
wheel steamers carry 524 guns; and if they are
deducted from the 2,225guns, there remain 1,701
guns on 184 vessels-of-wnr properly so called.
So when we have analyzed the ieal naval force of
the country that stands between us and aggression
from abroad, we are reduced to the number of
184 vessels and 1,701 guns—a respectable in-
crease, but an increase which leaves us exposed to
overwhelming disast'-r if we slop there; a differ-
ence between the official statement and the real
condition of the naval force of the Government
to which the attention of the people should be
called.
In order to give a clearer idea of the real force
existing and what has been added by the Depart-
ment since the rebellion broke out, it is necessary
to say that of these 184 vessels, 25are screw steam-
ers of the old Navy that I guess can sink all the
wooden vessels which have been added of the new*
Navy by the mere weight of their batteries, 62
iron-clads, and 97 wooden vessels, mostly of small
size; none at least of large size, none beyond the
grade ofu sloop-of-war of moderate size, at pres-
ent afloat, for 28 vessels included in that 97 are,
I believe, now upon the stocks, and that 28 include
all the larger cruisers mentioned in the Secretary's
ieport. Soihat our fleetactuallvafloat isreduced
to about 156 vessels, bearing 1,192 guns. And
there we stand to-day if we have a declaration of
war with England to-morrow.
The organization of the Navy Department, as I
have already said, leaves the whole responsibility
of the construction of all naval vessels, their forms,
structure, armament, machinery, and materials,
limited only by the amount of money appropri-
ated for their construction, at the irresponsible
discretion of the three persons I have named; for
the organization of the Navy Department is a
Secretary who administers it, an AssistantSecre-
tary who administers him, and the chiefs of bu-
reaus who are the ministerial fingers and hands
of the gentleman at the head of the Navy Depart-
ment. Such an organization of a Navy Depart-
ment exists nowhere else in the civilized wotld
among naval Powers. In our fast American style
we sneer at the slow motions and grave delib-
eration that mark every step of the great naval
Powers of the wotld, France and England; yet
to-morrow we are unable to cope with either of
them with one half of their force in ranged battle
on the ocean.
Their organization, Mr. Chairman, is a different
one. In England we know that the office of Lord
High Admiral is exercised by a board of six com-
missioners who are called Lords of Admiralty,
and a chief Secretary ofthe Admiralty. The First
Lord of the Admiralty is a member of the cabi-
net, and the Secretary must be a member of the
House of Commons, where he is charged with the
naval estimates. The powers which are exer-
