3«
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 3,(
38th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Board of Admiralty—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
cised in England by the Board of Admiralty are
hereexercised by the Secretary of the Navy. The
Board of Admiralty in England is charged wiih
the responsible and discretionary administration
of the Navy as the Secretary is here; both having
ministerial officers under them which with us are
called chiefs of bureaus.
: The French navy is administered by the min-
ister Secretary ofState for the Marine and the Col-
onies. He is surrounded by a Council of Ad-
miralty composed of three naval officers of high
grade, vice or rear admirals, and three high offi-
eers of colonial administration, named by th$
Crown, presided over by the minister, and charged
to give its advice on all measures relating to mari-
time and colonial legislation, the administration
of the colonies, the organization of the naval force,
the modes of supplying it, naval structures and
buildings, and to the direction and employment
of the naval force in time of war. This council
is intended for advice on the higher matters of
legislation and administration. But the minister
is provided with another Council of Naval Works
composed of the inspector general of naval con-
structions, the inspector of artillery, the inspect-
ors general of hydraulic constructions, two cap-
tains of the navy, a director of naval construc-
tions, and an engineer of the navy, acting as
secretary, witha deliberative voice, the whole pre-
sided overby one of theCouncil of Admiralty,and
charged to give its advice on matters submitted to
it by the minister, on the plans and estimates for
naval constructions, hydraulic works, material of.
artillery,and all works in navy-yards, on the prep-
aration of regulations for the execution of naval
works of all kinds, on the preparation of propo-
sals for contracts for any of the above objects, on
the adoption of inventions, and everything relat-
ing to improvements of naval structures, aitillery,
or hydraulic works. Thus the minister Secre-
tary of State for the Marine and Colomos, aided
by a large naval staff of professional officers for
professional advice,is chaVged with the responsi-
ble administration of the French navy. They
deliberate in common, constitute the council of
the Secretary of the Navy,as we should call him,
his cabinet, whose advice is to guide and enlighten
the administrative discretion of the minister. It
is to the minister, aided by the deliberations of
those responsible bodies, that the great duties of
creating and employing the French navy is con-
fided.
What I propose is this: that wo shalf create a
Board of Admiralty, adhering to the American
idea of the unity of the executive or adminis-
trative officer,'but surrounding him with respon-
sible advisers, appointed by the President, not
depending upon the caprice and will of the Navy
Department; men of professional standing, com-
petent ability, and of high and permanent rank,
without whose knowledge and advice nothing
can be done within the purview of the bill; riot
that their assent shall be necessary to any order
or act, but that no material step shall be taken
with reference to the various subjects included in
the bill without their advice having been pre-
viously taken in writing and spread upon the rec-
ords of the Department. The general effect of
that is, that there can be no such thing as mere
improvidence, mere charlatanism, mere igno-
rance,or the mere application of civil ideas to mil-
itary matters. We have learned something dur-
ing this war; we have learned that every man is
not born a soldier or a sailor; he may be born a
President of the United States, but he is not born
with the special knowledge belonging to and re-
quired of this Department. What is necessary in
order that there shall be a navy created is that
there shall be men of competent professional
knowledge, who shall advise in a responsible
form,Authentically, in writing, and if their advice
be neglected the responsibility will lie with those
who neglect it. The mere existence of such a
responsible body of advisers infinitely dimin-
ishes the chances of error, or corruption, or ig-
norance, or plausible and dangerous charlatan-
ism, or rash and improvident conduct. It will
be to the Secretary what the Cabinet is to the
President—an aid, not a hmuerance.
We have repeatedly resorted to temporary
boards of this kind; one of them was adopted in
I860 to consider the application of steam to our
sailing vessels; another was organized by the De-
partment to devise the plan of blockade; another
was organized under a law of Congress for ex-
periments in iron-clads; and another, summoned
by the Department, was called to advise upon the
engines of the Navy. Others are now, we are
informed by the report of the Secretary of the
Navy, engaged in investigatingvarious questions
respecting steam machinery. But boards of this
kind are made pro hac vice, are liable to the par-
ticular influences prevailing; at the moment; made
rather to accomplish a particular purpose than to
give independent advice; and if created under the
authority of Congress, and therefore of an inde-
pendent character, they are temporary in their
purposes, their influence is not permanent, and
the effect of their opinions passes off the moment
they are dissolved.
What I propose by the bill is that there shall
be a board composed of men of the first respon-
sibility in the Navy, which shall be headed by
the vice admiral, who is neither an old fogy nor
a charlatan, nor an enemy of the Secretary, but
one of the great officers of the Navy, possessing
the confidence of the Department, whose opinion
they ought to be bound to consult and respect,
whom the nation has honored by creating a new
title and new grade, whom all the officers of the
Navy will cheerfully follow, and constituted of
the other officers of designated rank, to be ap-
pointed by the President and confirmed by the
Senate, to advise the Secretary in all matters re-
lating to naval organization.
While I cannot go into the details of the con-
dition of the Navy Department at this time, 1
think that the opinion of the naval officers is that
it is a failure as a machinery for successful ad-
ministration. There is no responsibility any-
where to be found; everything is managed by a
subordinate in the name of the Secretary, and it
is more to that than to any intentional abuse of
power or neglect on the part of the Secretary
that 1 attribute the rash empiricism, the scanda-
lous improvidence, and the costlyfailures which
mark the administration of that. Department. The
way to avoid that is not to howl about them in
Congress, but to provide the Secretary with re-
sponsible advisers on naval construction and the
armament and machinery of vessels, on the organ-
ization and location of navy-yards.
The House has been deprived of the services
of the Committee on Naval Affairs a large portion
of the last year while they were engaged in in-
vestigations to advise the Navy Department on
the selection ofa navy-yard for iron-clads—a mat-
ter which, while they were competent to deter-
mine, i submit any one .single experienced officer
of the Navy was more competent to determine.
And when my friend, the honorable gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Schenck,] before me, who ac-
companied them on one trip, was a little sensitive
at my suggestions of such superiority, he could
not refuse his aasent to my avowal that I would
take with more confidence the opinion of his dis-
tinguished brother of the Navy than his own upon
that subject, i think if there had been a board
of competent advisers to the Secretary of the Navy
on the topics embraced in the second section of
this bill, that there are some expeditions that
would not have been undertaken by the Navy
Department; I think the nation would have been
saved from some failures; and I think some suc-
cesses would have been followed up, and the
fruits of victory reaped which to this day are bar-
ren. 1 think half a dozen rebel cruisers could not
have swept our commerce from the ocean, driven
it to take refuge under foreign flags, and de-
stroyed many millions of property and lighted
eveiy sea with the conflagration of our ships for
three years with absolute impunity, had any body
of competent naval officers been invited to devise
a systematic plan for their pursuit and capture.
1 think that the great day at Port Royal would
have produced something more than a secure foot-
hold for the boats of the blockading squadron.
With proper advice around the Secretary when
Savannah and Charleston were exposed half
armed, that blow would have been followed up by
others wruch should have reduced those places;
we should have been spared the humiliation ofa
fruitless bombardment before Charleston for a
year and a half, a bombardment utterly ineffect-
ive, leaving the rebel fortifications there to-day
as absolutely beyond the reach of our naval forces
there as they were before Grill more battered Sum-
ter. It would nothave been left for Shei man and
his army, after three or four years of war in the
West, to march across the continent and take Sa-
vannah, but it would have been taken long ago by
forces actually there. But without any competent
advisers, the Navy Department rested upon the
laurels of Port Royal, and left it barren to the na-
tion beyond the immediate result. I think if the
head of the Department had had proper advisers
there would have been no such thing as an attack
upon three hundred guns in Charleston harbor
by thirty-six guns, if any naval opinions, good
or bad, retired or active, had been listened to or
even asked m the Navy Department. It would
nothave been reserved to the Department to vin-
dicate naval opinion and condemn its own rash
presumption on that occasion by sending four
hundred and fifty guns to batter Fort Fisher with
its fifty or sixty guns, after sending thirty-six
guns to tear in pieces the enormous fortifica-
tions of Charleston bristling with three hundred
guns. One or the other is an unspeakable folly;
and history has already declared which.
But what I wrsh more particularly to remark
upon is what has been accomplished by the Navy
Department. Where are we now, and how did
we get there ? I desire that it should be borne in
mind that I am not now seeking to cast imputa-
tions upon any one, to show his incompetency,
but to expose the evils of a merely personal and
irresponsible administration of the Department,
and to demonstrate the necessity of a remedy. I
make no suggestions for which I do not propose
an adequate remedy. I state the failure that
gentlemen may be enabled to judge of the pro-
priety of the remedy. If they can say that a i&ck
of advice does not exist, then let them say so.
But if they admit that there is that lack, and
admit the results, then give me a judgment upon
my remedy.
The first great thing thatweare called upon to
deal with is the subject of iron-clads. Congress
was conscious that it was going into a new de-
partment of naval expenditure. But it failed in
the diawing of the act which it passed upon that
subject, it created a board of skilled and emi-
nent naval officers,and upon their ad vice the Sec-
retary of the Navy was authorized to cause one
or more iron-clads to be built. Thatboaid, of
which Admnal Charles Davis, of Boston, was
the scientific head, met and advised the construc-
tion, upon a consideration of multifarious plans,
of one of each of three types of vessels, which are
now known to history as the Galena, the Iron-
sides, and the Monitor. They were constructed
merely as experiments, their value to be subse-
quently determined; to be determined, i take it,
not by acts of Congress, not by the irresponsible
and unscientific judgment of the Secretary of the
Navy, however honest, respectable, and praise-
worthy, but by competent men to advise after the
the idea had been embodied in a veasel-of-war,
and was ready to be tried, or had been tried in
action.
Now, what were the facts? Had the board
which I propose been in existence we could not
have been suffering as we now are from the neg-
lect of those precautions. How came it that the
monitors which we know now to be failures were
multiplied, while the Department neglected the
Ironsides, the only one of all the iron-clad ves-
sels, with perhaps one doubtful exception, that
has met the approval of naval officers?
The Monitor accidentally came into Hampton
Roads as the Mernmacwas trying to destroy,as
it had already destroyed, some of our vessels. A
collision took place. Neither party was destroyed;
neither vessel was sunk; neither party wa3
whipped, as the boy said; and the country ran
wild over two guns m a cheese-box on a raft, not
having done anything, and not having been de-
feated. People forgot that our vessels wereeither
sailingvcsaelsatanchororsteamers which had run
| aground in the narrow channel; that the Merri-
l mac drew more water than they and could not
J reach them, and was no stronger than the Mm-
I nesota, her duplicate, and therefore weaker when
| burdened by iier armor, and liable to he run
| down by our steamers wjieu afloat, and beyond
