1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
Sf
38tii Cons.... 2d Shss.
Board of Admiralty—Air. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
reach of the Mem mac when aground. And upon
the wimple fact that the Monitor and Merrimac
exchange d shots and did not sink, without con-
sultation with one single naval officer anywhere,
without the judgment of any one professional man
upon the floating or the fightin? qualities of this
class of vessels, without any additional consid-
eration except that the Department tells us it had
been well persuaded in its own mind beforehand
by the spirit of prophecy that that type of iron-
clad svas to be successful, and had proved itself
successful, the Secretary orders twenty of them
at a cost of from four hundred thousand to four
hundred and sixty thousand dollars each, amount-
ing to $9,200,000. This was done upon the fight
between the Monitor and the Merrimac, and no
other consideration whatever. So the Department
tells you in its report.
From that day to this monitors have been a
gold mine for iron contractors, and to doubt their
perfect success is as much as any naval oiHcer'y
chances of command or promotion are worth.
That is the consideration that was given to this
great topic, on an accidental collision between one
vessel and another, without any of its scientific
bearings having been adjudged and considered by
competent officers; $9,200,000 were spent in con-
structing upon that type, without any materia!
change, twenty vessels of that character. And so
closely did they stick to the model that one of
the most distinguished officers of the Navy, who
now enjoys the highest consideration of the Navy
Department, told me that he had to battle day
after day with Ericsaon and the men who were
building them to get them to put upon those ves-
sels the most ordinary naval appliances to fit them
to be used at all in Charleston harbor.
Following up that, the Department proceeded
likewise, without any naval advice or investiga-
tion, to order the Dictator and thePuritan, under
the authority of Congress, which improvidently
left everything to the Department and the con-
tractors and speculators, at a cost of $2,300,000.
Each monitor was to carry about two guns, which
would make each gun cost about two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars. The Dictator and Lhe
Puritan were to carry, I think, the former about
two, the latter four guns, which would make
the cost of each gun of the Dictator $575,000,
and of each gun of the Puritan $287,500. Then
they ordered the Dunderberg, not yet completed,
but on the plan of the casemated batteries of the
rebels, likely to be more formidable than the ves-
sels on the monitor ptinciple, for she will have a
battery of ten guns. So that just at one breath,
by one stroke of the pen, the Department ex-
pended in this type of vessels, without any other
consideration or advice whatever, $13,000,000.
1 submit, sir, that after the resolution of this
House, passed last year, to make additional com-
pensation to the constructors of the Dictator and
ruritan in addition to the enormous contract al-
ready made with them, the honor and dignity of
the country required that more consideration
should have been given, more scientific advice
should have been asked, before such enormous
sums were expended in forms so totally; new,
which no experience had then justified, which no
naval opinion had then advised, and which no
naval opinion at this day now advises.
Then, sir, there were others built, I suppose,
at the navy-yards. I do not see any details re-
specting them in the reports, and I cannot speak
in regard to them. That, sir, was the work of
1862, as the Department informed us.
in 1863, when the additional monitors were or-
dered, to which I am now going to refer, there
had been no trial of the original monitor, except-
ing that one accidental and partial experiment in
Hampton Roads, in smooth waters, of a drawn
battle, and excepting the failure on the Ogechee
to silence a land battery that mounted four guns,
and the experience of the attack in Charleston
- harbor on the 7th of April, 1863, when one half
of the monitor force was silenced in forty min-
utes. On that discouraging experience, listen to
the Secretary's account of new contracts for more
monitors:
"The pressure for iron-clads of light draught, which
could ascend the rivers and penetiate the sounds and buys
along our coast, wa  felt u> be a necessity."
That is, the pressure was felt to be a necessity.
Well, so it was. The pressure of iron contract-
ors, i take it, not of naval officers.
The Secretary proceeds:
<( The operations of our armies in the vicinity of the in-
land water and adjacent to the rivers required the constant
presence of gunboats. Butthementhusemployed,aswoli
as the magazines- and machinery of the vessels are exposed,
especially in the narrow streams with high and \vood<;a
banks. Some vessels, and not a few valuable lives, have
be< n Jost by these exposures, and in order to afford all pos-
sible protection to the gallant men who encounter these
dangers, the Department considered it a duty to provide
armoiccl vessels of light diaught for their security. Con-
tracts were entered mtofni the construction of iwenfy ves-
sels* on the monitor principle, each to carry two eleven-inch
guns in order to be efficient, and to draw but seven ieetof
water."
Now, contracts for those vessels were made
in the course of 1863, from March to August.
They cost from $386,000 to $395,000each vessel,
amounting in the aggregate to $7,800,000! CJpon
what advice? Upon whose opinion? Upon what
consideration? Upon what specification ? Upon
what calculation? To accomplish what purpose?
Let the gentlemen who represent the Department
answer. So carelessly, so absolutely without
scientific consideration, that the Department has
been forced in its report at this session to confess
and smooth over its failure in the construction of
vessels—utter, absolute, ridiculous, disgraceful—
a failure, Mr. Chairman, which is inexcusable,
because, irrespective of the naval or fighting qual-
ities of a vessel, the weight of iron, the weight
of water, the ratio of displacement, and exactly
how the vessel will float, when dimensions and
material are given, is a question of mathematical
and physical research, settled for centuries, that
no school-boy would hesitate at if the conditions
of the problem were placed before him. Yet, so
carelessly were these vessels, at those enormous
sums, ordered, that there was an absolute failure
of the whole fleet. All of them had to be ma-
terially altered. Some nearly sank when they
were launched, and 1 learn had to be shored up
with barrels in -the harbor, before the workmen
would go on them in order to complete them.
One at Pittsburg sank, went straight to the bot*
torn when launched. But I do not pretend to pre-
cise accuracy in these things. These are the ru-
mors. But here is the official confession of the
failure, which is more than enough. The Secre-
tary tells us: "It was ascertained, however, when
the first two approached completion, that their
draught of water was more than was intended."
Had the weight of water changed, or the weight
of iron, or had the laws of arithmetic changed?
Was the calculation proved to be false after it was
made? Or indeed was there any cacuiation?
Did Mr. Fox sit in his office, and when a man
came in with the model of a monitor of light
draught and heavy cost, ask him, ilow much
water will that draw? So much. Ilow much
will it weigh? So much. Then build me that
thing. Is that administration in time of war and
debt and danger?
The report says:
"The heavy armor and the two eleven-inch guns, with
the machinery to give them proper t-peed, involved the ne-
cessity ot enlarging the capacity ot each ot tUem."
There was another question of arithmetic, and
of the twenty not one could carry their machinery
Of their guns. Who devised tiieir machinery?
I suppose the head of the engineering department.
Who advised the form, capacity, or weight of the
monitors.' It is nobody, or Mr. Fox.
" When making these necessary alterations, it was
deemed advi-able, under applications Horn some of the
comiliandels ot squadions tor boats tliat should present but
a small rise above the surtaeeot the water, to dispense with
the turrets in five of the«e light-draught vessels, with a view
to special operations. The remaining fifteen were ordered
to be enlarged by raising their decks, thereby giving them
additional tonnage and greater draught and making them
more efficient, but in ot her respects carrying out lite origi-
nal design. Tills work is now being performed, and most
of the vessels are near completion."
So the Secretary informs us that he dispensed
with the turrets upon five of the light-draught
vessels. Why? Because with the turrets they
were not light draughts. The only thing in which
the monitor differs trom an iron box is this re-
volving turret, and when the turrets were taken
away they failed to be monitors at all. Yet the
monitor price was paid, with a large addition to
coverthe official blunder. The remaining fifteen
were ordered to be enlarged to moke them draw
lessfvater! Their decks were rnjsed in order to
give them additional tonnage—an official euphu-
ism, raising them above the water in spite of theif
original weight. They had too much araught be-
fore, and they would not float unless they had
more cubic contents to buoy them up! The
Department wanted light draughts, not heavy-
draughts. Those built before were too heavy
to get into shoal waters. The Secretary says
that in all other respects the original design is be-
ing carried out—they have only been made more
efficient. But the original design was for light-
draught monitors and nothing else; yet the light
draught has been abandoned on all for heavier
draught, which excludes them from answering
the original design wholly; and on five the turret
is gone—so they are neither monitors nor light-
draughts! What part of the original design re-
mams but to give $7,000,000 to iron contractors
to be invested in worthless iron? If there was
aViy consideration on that subject, if any advice
was taken, the officer who gave nought to be cash-
iered. If there was no consideration, no profes-
sional advice asked, I leave it to the judgment of'
the Naval Committee what judgment should be
pronounced upon the Department.
We come next to the consideration of the sea-
going iron-clads, because even the Secretary of
the Wavy will not submit to allow American
genius to be chained to our own coast. For that
purpose we are told by the Department—I beg to
be understood that lam using official information
obtained from official documents, and nothinge'lse
—wo are told by the Department that they'wanted
two swiftsea-going iron-elads that should be able
to cross the ocean and dictate the law abroad; and
therefore one was called the Dictator,and the other
was called the Puritan—a singular mingling of
the religious and warlike element, I suppose in
memory of the great Puritan Dictator. But when
he dictated, it was to kings on the field of battle;
but the things they have made here, and marked
with the names of power, will dictate nowhere
except at the bottom of the ocean. The two were
to cost $2,300,000. I think the Dictator was to
carry two guns of enormous caliber, and the Pu-
ritan four, I think. Divideand you will find what
each gun costs. They are to go to sea. Sir, the
Dictator cannot carry more than six days' sup-
ply of coal with her armament,ammunition, and
necessary,provisions for sea, without going to the
bottom. She cannot steam ten knots an hour.
"Swift to pursue the enemy ! " Why, sir, she
cannot go over six miles an hour, I believe, burn-
ing fifty-four tons of coal a day at that; for that,
[ am told, has been proved by the result of her
trip from New York'to Fortress Monroe. But in
this matter I am outside of the record and official
information.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Will the gen-
tleman give me his authority ?
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. I prefer not to
mention names. I make * this statement upon
what I suppose to be good authority; the log of
the Dictator can correct it if erroneous. She
started from New York to join in the attack on
Fort Fisher. I have not official authority for
saying, but I think it will not be controverted, that
she did not go there because her machinery broke
down in going from New York to Fortess Mon-
roe, and I understand she is detained there under-
going material repairs. Then that is not a sea-
going iion-clad, nor a swift iron-clad, nor one
available foroffensive war. However destiuctive
she may be if the enemy consult her convenience
by taking position within her range, yet tha
swiftest vessel has the choice of field, and tha
enemy will not stay within her range unless it is
to close on and board her, or to shut up her port-
holes by rapid and concentrated and continuous
fire which will prevent her using the enormous
shots which go orice in seven or eight minutes,
or crush her thin decks with shot as heavy as her
own.
But these are matters for Navy men to settle;
all that is now known is that the Dictator is as
useless for a sea-going vessel-of-war as the light-
draught monitors are to go in shallow water.
A moment as to the providence with which the
contract was made. I remember to have heard—
and the records of the Departmentwill correct me
if I am not correctly informed—there were claims-
