38
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 3,
38th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Board of Admiralty—Mr. Davis.
Ho. of Reps.
made for extra compensation on those twc^ves-
sels, and a board was summoned, consisting of
officers whose names 1 will not mention. I do
' not know how much, but perhaps two hundred
thousand dollars were demanded. The board
declined to recommend it. Another board was
summoned of more pliant material, and they rec-
' ©mmended the allowance not only of what was
asked but greatly more; and if I am not misin-
formed—and here again i am speaking outside of
the record—the award was so much beyond what
was asked that application was made, formal and
informal, to withdraw the original application.
*£he Secretary of the Navy shrank from acting
*under the advice of such a board. The claimants
then came here to Congress, and Congress at its
last session, upon the motion of the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Rice,]
passed a resolution making material additions to
• the compensation awarded; how much, nobody
knows. The result has been that the Puritan
remains, 1 believe, upon thestocks, uncompleted,
and nobody knows when, if ever, she will be com-
pleted, The Dictator lies with her machinery
broken on her first trip from New York to For-
tress Monroe.
Such is the investment of the Department in
sea-going iron-clads, and there it stops. When
the Dunderberg comes out we shall know more
about her; but she is not of ihe monitor class.
Her engines are not of bureau device, but by the
builders; she will bear ten guns, and may be a
powerful floating battery, haidly anything more.
We are without a single sea going iron-clad ca-
pable of cruising alone, the Ironsides alone ex-
cepted.
Now, sir, to what purpose are these vessels of
the monitor type adapted ? They have no ram.
Their engines are so weak that in collision they
cando no harm. Theirdrau«ht iseleven and a half
feet, perhaps twelve, instead of ten. They have
no sails; they cannot attack; they cannotescape
if attacked; they cannot batter forts with any
success; they have never yet silenced a sand-
battery or shaken a stotio of a casemated fort, any-
where, at any time. It does not appear that, in
the course of a year's operations before Charles-
ton, any impression has been made there upon
any fortification of any kind. At Fort McAllis-
ter, the rebel officers mounted the ramparts and
smoked their cigars between the shotp. They
cannot stand heavy and continuous battering, for,
though the turret be not pierced, their machinery
forturning the turret, closing the ports,and work-
ing the guns, is so delicate as to dc pi ive them of half
their fire by constant derangement; and if a hne-
of-battl* ship has half her guns silenced it is sup-
posed she is materially damaged in the conflict,
though hull and engine survive. Of the seven
monitors that went into action in Charleston har-
bor, four of them were partially or wholly dis-
abled in forty minutes. That is a proportion of
loss that Trafalgar did'not show.
Safe? Why, sir, their liability to sink, whether
from a tornado or the storms of the ocean, when
going down the coast, is more fatal to life than
an ordinary general action. Two or three of them,
including the original Monitor itself, have already
sunk, out of the twenty that have been built and
launched, carrying down nearly all the crews. One
went down in perfectly quiet water in Charleston
harbor, carrying thirty men with her; one nearly
sank lying at the Washington navy-yard; the
original Monitor went down on its way to Port
Royal; one was sunk the other day by a torpedo
in Charleston harbor, and carried down some
seventy men, it is said; and the Tecumseh sunk
in the action at Mobile, burying Craven and all
but three or four of her crew. The unpublished
health reports exhibit disastrous and unprece-
dented results. The ratio of loss, taking the lia-
bility to sickness, the chances of sinking, together
with the chances of losses in action, shows that
they were no safer, and less effective in fight, than
ordinary wooden vessels. And everybody will
appreciate the remark of Admiral Porter when he
intimates that he had rather stand behind his
wooden walls and take what comes, than be con-
fined in one of these iron coffins. And it is remark-
able that this class of vessels have nowhere re-
ceived, and cannot now get, the suffrages of any
respectable proportion of the American Navy as
any form of national defense at all, unless it be
behind obstructions across the entrance of a port
where they cannot be reached; and casemated
batteries, with numerous and equally heavy guns,
not costing §250,000 a gun, cando that duty with
equal effect. And any one who will read, what I
have not now time to read, the special report of
Admiral Porter on these vessels at Fort Fisher,
will find that, while he complacently decorates
them with words of vague eulogy, yet "his criti-
cism leaves them nothing of peculiar value, and
his consent could never be gotten to build another
monitor. The single exception is the Monad-
nock, whose sailing qualities he speaks highly of;
but her engines were not built under the auspices
of the Navy Department. He did not venture to
put the ammunition on board these vessels before
they started; he did not venture to put their coal
on board; but they towed every one of them
down the coast to Beaufort, and when they got
there their ammunition and coal were placed on
them for the first time. And any one who will
compare the results in Mobile bay with the results
at Fort Fisher will find that the effective instru-
ments in cach case were the broadside vessels,
with their concentrated and rapid fire, covering
the whole field of battle with their shells, render-
ing it untenable to any one; while, as I have al-
ready mentioned,.when the monitors alone were
engaged at Fort McAllister, the offieeis did not
hesitate to stand upon the ramparts and smoke
their cigar* between the shots. Admiral Farragut
is entitled to be heard upon the question of naval
armament, and he did not ascribe any decisive
influence on the result at Mobile, one of the great
days of our Republic, to our iron-clads. He did
not think thai the monitors defeated the enemy
in that conflict, the most serious conflict between
vessels during the rebellion. Hear his report:
" Our uon-elads,from then slow speed and bad steering,
had some difficulty m geumg into and maintaining their
position in line ah we pulsed the lort, and, in the subse-
quent encounter with the Tennessee, fimn the same causes
were not aselfeeuve as could have been deaired j but 1 can-
not givt; too much praise to Lieutenant Commander Per-
kins, who, though he had orders fiom the Department to
return Noith, volunteered to take command ot the Chick-
asaw, and did his duty nobly.
"Tin- \Y imieh.igo \va* eommanded by Commander T.
II. Steven*, who volunteered hn that position. llisve<«.el
steers very badly, and neithei oi Ins tmrets will vvoik,
winch compelled him to tutu he* ver^el every tune to get
a shot, ao iimt h<> ctiiild not the very often; but he did the
be«t undei the circumstances.
•' The Manhattan appeared to woik well, though she
moved slowly. Commander Nicholson delivered his fiie
deliberately, and, as before &t;y£Pd, with one of his filteen-
meh shot broke thiough tin: aimoi ui tin; Tennessee, with
Its wooden backing, though the ?>hnr it-self did not enter the
vewl. No other >hot btoke thiou h the armor, though
many of hei plates weie stalled, and several of her poit-
shmtejs jammed by tile liie Irom the ditfeient ships."
That is not my judgment nor the judgment of
an officer at war with the Department, but the
judgmentof an officer whose name m history will
rest on that day. It is not magnanimous to de-
preciate the merits and power of the vessels and
arms which did his woik; and he could not have
penned that report if the monitors were the dom-
inant power in the battle. He was on board his
wooden vessel with his other wooden vessels,
their rapid and powerful batteries converging on
the Tennessee from every quarter and silencing
her fire, and their lapid rush, or, as a gentleman
very appropriately said, the mobbing of the Ten-
nessee by the wooden vessels, which determined
the contest, and not the slow, unmoving, help-
less, powerless monitors that were there to look
on at a battle in which they barely participated.
The same thing has been expei tericed else where;
but 1 quote Admiral Farragut because his testi-
mony is in print, and because there can be no
question as to its meaning; because everybody
knorws that he is a naval man, and one who would
make use of every means placed in his hands and
fairly distribute the merits of the result.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move that the
gentleman from Maryland have leave to proceed
and conclude his remarks.
Mr. PIKE. With the understanding that there
shall be ample time to reply.
Several Members. Ot course.
The CHAIRMAN, is there any objection to
allowing the gentleman from Maryland to proceed?
There was no objection.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Mr. Chaiiman,
this is the first time that I have ever accepted a
courtesy of this kind at the hands of the House;
and I do it now with very great reluctance, and
only because there are one or two other things
which I desire to state-as intelligibly as I can-
not, as I said before, for the purpose of casting
imputations upon anybody, but to show where
the evil is, and to endeavor to find the remedy.
Again, at Fort Fisher monitors mingled their
fire with the heavy fire of broadside vessels; and
none is so competent to speak of the value of the
monitor as Admiral Porter. He says:
"Compared with the Ironsides their fire is very slow
and not at all calculated to silence heavy batteries, which
requires a rapid and continuous fiio toafivemen from their
guns; but they are famous coadjutois in a fight" 
Why, certainly, anything will help upon a
pinch—
"and put in heavy blows which tell on casemates and
bomb-proofs."
But they never yet destroyed a bomb-proof or
toie to pieces a casemate ! After a bombardment
of two days at Fort Fisher, when it is said all
the guns were dismounted, and the work torn to
pieces, twenty-five hundred men with whole skins
rose from beneath the rums ready to dispute the
possession of that fort, and held it during five
hours of hand-to-hand conflict with the army led
by the heroic Terry.
If that were at! the effect of four hundred and
fifty guns of the whole fleet, how much is to be
ascribed to the ten guns of the monitors? And
how much was effected by the first bombardment
of two or three days with the same enormous
force, if so soon the fort was ready for defense?
But Admiral Porter pioceeds:
" The j,mallei class of monitors, asat present constructed,
will always requuo the aid of a steamer to tow them and
take eare of them. In smooth weather they ought to go
atony by themselves, and when towed the tow rope should
never be lean than two hundicd fathoms in length. It
strains them very much to have a short tow line."
Then he thinks them worthless as sea vessels,
incapable of independent action as at present
constructed; that is,as monitors built at the cost
of $250,000 a gun !
He proceeds:
ul do not know yetwhatthoirrealdurabilityisor would
be in a continuous fire against their turrets. Solid eleven-
inch or two hundred-pounder rifles are apt to break some-
thing when they stnke, and I should be much better sat-
isfied myself to be behind wooden bufwaiksand take what
cemes, than to be shut up in an iron turret, not knowing
whethur It is pioperly eonstiueted This, though, ts tli«
prejudice ot a sailor, and should have no weight what-
ever."
So he thinks not much more of their defensive
than of their aggressive qualities, and prefers the
risk with the power of broadside vessels. That
is the naval opinion, not my judgment, upon the
monitors at Fort Fisher.
The Monudnock, a turreted vessel, but not a
monitor, alone attracted Porter's good opinion:
" As to the Monadnock, she could ride out a gale at an-
chor in the Atlantic ocean. She is cei tainly a ino^t pei foet
success so far as the hull and machmeiy are concerned, and
is only defective in some minor details, which in the build-
ing of these vessels require tho superintendence of a
thoiough seaman, and a piacticnl and ingenious man. The
Monailnock is capable ot crowing the ocean alone, (when
her compasses are once adjusted properly.) and could de-
stroy any vessel in the French or British navy, lay their
towns under contiibution, and return again (piovuicdshe
could pick up coal) without fear of being followed."
But her speed is no merit of the Department,
for her engines were not on their plans. If she
could work such wonders abroad, why not try
her on Charleston? And the coal question seems
to interpose an insuperable barrier to transatlantic
exploits, unless she is to remain there.
The admiral turns to the Ironsides:
" I have never yet seen a vessel that comes up to my
ideas of what is required foi effective opeiations as much
as the Ironsides. The most impoitant is the commit with
winch the people on board of her live, though she would
be no match tor the Monadnock in a fight, the latter hav-
ing more speed.
The accuracy of fire is, I think, in favor of the Ironsides,
judging Irom what I have seen here. The turiets get filled
with sinoko, arid do not clear as quleK a-> the Iioiwdes,
though that defect could be avoided by not firing both guns
so near together."
Yet this class of vessels, of which the Depart-
ment have, I believe, but one, which was 'built
upon the recommendation of the original commis-
