1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J*
38th Cong....2d Sbss.
Board of Admiralty—Mr. Davis.
Ho. op Ebps.
sion, has not been multiplied. They propose to
build no more. She can go abroad; she can make
her cannon heard on (he shores of Great Britain;
she can sail as well as steam; and she can carry
coal enough to enable her to steam to any extent
that may be necessary for the success of her op-
erations. She cost only $780,000, just $80,000
above what the Department paid for a single en-
gine in 1863.
Now, sir, it is material to observe that as the
judgment of a Navy man upon this iron-clad, the
ironsides. It was one built upon the advice
of naval men. She is one that has not been, re-
peated. She is the one that has not been accepted
by the Department. Why? No one can tell,
unless it be that the Navy Department had gone
crazy on monitors, and was so deeply engaged in
their construction that no money or thought re-
mained fur anything else. Can any one doubt
but that others of the Ironsides class would have
been built if naval men had been consulted ?
^ Now, sir, I pass from that to the other ques-
tion, on which 1 have something to say I can-
not say as much upon this as I desire. I come
to the great question of machinery; no corrup-
tion in contracts—nothing of the kind—but to
the responsible advice on which the existing ma-
chinery of the Navy lias been made; simply as
a business transaction, treating it as a question of
prudence and common sense in the administration
of the Government. We have twenty-three screw
gunboats of the UnadiJJn class, twelve double-
enders of the Miami class, ten of the Juniata class,
twenty seven double-enders of the Eutsw class,
and one or two other vessels made of iron, and i
believe likewise of the double-ender class, whose
machinery was built on the plans and designs of
the Bureau of Engineering; so the head of the
bureau telis us in his report. There are JiJcwiM*
four other vessels built bv the Department, the
Oneida, the Tuscarora, Wachusett, and Kear-
earge, duplicates of the Iroquois, the Mohican,
the Wyoming, and the Seminole. Their ma-
chinery was not devised by the Bureau of Steam
Engineering, but was copied from the machinery
of the other four vessels of which they were du-
plicates, and on principles which the Department
discarded in the machinery designed by the bu-
reau, and placed in its vessels of the four classes
above enumerated.
In the course of the year 1862, aa the screw
sloops of the Juniata class and the paddle-wheel
double-enders were being completed and putafloat,
a serious question arose as to the efficiency and
durability of machinery. The Department sum-
moned a board of the first engineers of the Uni-
ted Slates to take their opinion on what the De-
partment had done without the advice of any-
body. That body was requested to convene and
investigate the machinery of the screw steamers
Juniata, Monongahtla, and Lackawanna class,
and of the paddle-wheel steamers then building,
and report to the Department upon a series of ques-
tions. That report waa made, printed, and a copy
of it has been handed to me. Now, the firsL thing
to be observed is, that on page 69 of that report,
this commission of civil engineers summoned by
the Secretary of the Navy to judge his machinery,
say the ability to propel naval vessels of proper
model at a high rate of speed is an essential point
in designing the machinery, and not less than
twelve knots per hour for screw vessel should be
attainable on emergencies, under favorable ui-
cumstances at sea. They then proceed to give
their opinion upon the machinery. I will read for
the instruction of the committee a few passages,
to show how great was the divergency of judg-
ment between the engineers selected by the Do-
partmentand theengineero/ficers who constructed
the machinery,atacostof #1,000,000, which now
renders our naval vessels in point of speed the
laughingstock of every blockade runner. They
say: *
{< Interrogatories,
"1. On the valve gear, whether it admits of using the
steaiu Witli such degree of expansion as is, usual or desir-
able will) marine engines for tin /nival service, and whether
it is a proper one lor &crew and paddle-wheel engines, as
the ca e may be?
"in reply to the first interrogatory, we separateour opin-
ion# in relation to the screw and paddle-wheel engines.
For the screw engines Jt is considered by tii« board (with
the exception of two members named hereafter) that the
princple adopted in admitting and exhausting steam by
one slide-valve, aetuated hy the link motion, though not
deemed the best in afl cases, is, ail things con-iden'd, pioper
in the present case, combining simplicity of con ttuciion
with such a range of expansion as is usual or desirable in
the naval service. But the use of very large steam ports,
so much in excess of the proportions adopted by the best
builders, while, by permitting a free exhaust, it may afford
a slight advantage, has involved a serious loss of steam, in
ouropuuou overbalancing such an advantage. It has also
entailed all the evils of great travel of valve, namely, dilfi
CUliy of reversing, increased friction and wear, and a sys
tern of gear to work it ofexces&ive size, weight, and cost,
both in construction and maintenance.
" For liie paddie-wheel steamers, it is believed that, al-
though it would have been better to have adopted a form
of valve gear having an arrangement lor adjusting while in
motion. yet that the principle adopted tnm t be considered
a proper one tor the purpose, since tin? admitting and ex-
hausting of the steam a e accomplished by different valves
and dilk'rent movements; winch in the use of slowly re-
ciprocating engines lor marine purposes is very desirable.
It is also believed that little if any loss of fuel will result
from contlolling the engine by the throttle in tho«e cases of
emergency when it is ordtimnly deemed ptoper toquickly
alter the rate of expansion. We are, however,compelled
to object in this case,as ut the other, to the groat and un-
necessary .-use of ports Used, much ut excess of (hat which
ill oui judgment i- requeue; eutathmr, as it does, a great
t<i« of steam as well «i  additional expense of construc-
tion. -
'•2. On the boilers, whether they are superior, equal, or
inferior to others in use, in compactness, duiabihty, effi-
cieiN'v, and proper adaptation to the conditions, of the naval
seivicer" * * * *****
(t i. (a regard to compactness; to obtain an equal amount
of evaporation under ordinary eucuuistanees, the boiler
used ui the steamers under consideration is interior to the
horizontal tubuhtrboi/er,requiringuhoutten percent, moie
cubical space. 2. in regard to durability. We repaid'be
boiler used in the-c steaiueia as equal In this lespect to tins
houy.outal tubular boiler, proper caie ami attention being
bestowed in eaeh case. 3. In ugard to efiicteney, including
economical etl'cct and vvapouuve power, v. uh natural
draught. In the foimer particular, economy, taking all the
condition- of the u-e id naval boilers n.to consideration, we
think the vertical tubular boiler u>ed in these steamers is
equal to the Inn tzonl.K tubular. A untie r note on this sub-
ject, by live ol the members, will he found in astib^quent
part of the report. As to the second particular, namely, cvap
oiative pow  r under natural draught, inespecuve of eco-
nomical ell< Ct. the vetucal tubular h inferior to the horizon
ml tulntl.ii boiler. i-"(|iin nig one third inoie cubical contents
to produce the -ame amount ol steam. 4. In regaid to nces-
silutuy Cot cleaning ami iepair. In thi- lespect. taking into I
consideration the liability to deuimrenient fiotu careless-
ness, ;nul Hie lacihue- lor cleaning the and watei spacer-,
and lor tdlective repair", both at sea and in port, we con-
sider the vertical water tube boiler in use in these steam-
ers as, upon the whole, inferior to the horizontal tubular
boiler, 5. Cower of producing largo evaporation with lea-t
sacrifice of economical effect} byarlifici.il means. In this
respect we consider the veiiical tubulin as> interior to the
horizontal tubular boiler. The former is in this ro-pect
open to serious objections, it inquires the Use of artificial
mean-1<> pioduee an evaporation which is ordinarily ob-
tained with ease in the hoi izoutal tubular j and when these
means are employed for any length of tune, the flue space 
become clogged.
" We reply, therefore, to your«crond interrogatory, that,
on the whole, we nrc compelled to consider the tvpe of
boderused in these steamers as mfeiior to the hoitzoiiial
tubular boiler which is generally u-ed by other nations,
and by this country in the mercantile maune."
***********
"4. On the general design and arrangement of the ma-
chinery ill the different ca^sand whether on the whole,
all the conditions of the naval service be bur duly consid-
ered, there is any other anang«ment in u&e thai would give
superior results.
"In reply to this interrogatoiy we have to report that
the general design and arrangement of the machinery for
the screw steamers is inferior to that of other types in Use
in the following particular^: 1. Compactness. It occupies
more cubical space than cither the ordinary back-acting
murine, (this phrase objected to by Mr. Evui«u.) or the di-
rect-acting engine; either of which, with the same stroke,
could have been gotten Into these vessels. 2. Liability
to derangement. It is moie liable to derangement than
either ol those types, owing to the greater number and
weight of the moving parts, ami comparative maccessibii
ity of some of tlietn. 3. in iWerenco to economy of fuel.
The consumption of steam as applied to the piopuMun ol
the vessel, must be proportionally greater in these engines
than m those of ordinary proportion-*, owing f" l{,(' exces-
sive weight of the reciprocating parts to be put in motion
at each alternation of movement, involving additional Iric-
tton, and also to the employmentof such large steam ports,
involving loss of steam evm att  r nUosvimMur the gain by
free exhaust so obtained, as well as the expenditure ol
power due to great travel nnd iriction ol the valves. 4.
Osvtng to the peculiar arrangement ot the smaller pumps and
ol the valve gearing, they sue more inaccessible lor care
and adjustment when in motion and for repair* either at
sea oi in poit. Taking all the e points into consideration,
we believe, first, that tie* direct acting" ngine present*,the
greatest number and amount of advantages lor inatine ser-
vice tti tile Navy ; and can state thai the space allotted lor
the machinery in these ve^els would have per nutted thu
introduction of the direct acting engine m place of that
adopted, having the same stroke ol piston, a sufficient
length of connecting rod, and ample «uriace in the journals
to bear the same maximum strain brought upon the recip-
rocating parts without sacrificing any of the essential ele-
ments ol a successf ul performance ; second, that the saving
of cubic coutenisoccnpled in the vessel.due t«Mtch change
of type., would have been not less than twenty per ccut.4
and third, that the employment of the proportions used by
the ben practice for the various parts of these engines
would have resulted in a saving of weight amounting to not
less than sixty torn?, involving reduced cost, other condi-
tions being the same.
k  With regard 10 the pa<Jdle-wheH engines, we consider
the geneial plan adopted as not open to serious objection, in-
asmuch as the spare to b« occupied ni these vessels Is of
secondary impoitance. It affoids the necessary accessi-
bility lor care and adjustment during operation,and for re-
pairs at all times. It 1* not peculiarly liable to derangement,
and has superabundant journal surface. We object, how.
ever, to the weight of some of the part-mfihe engine proper,
which, judged by the proportions used in the best practice,
is excessive. This objection applies especially to the fim
paddle-wheel boats. In both clashes, however, it is be-
lieved to be of importance, as involving additional displace-
ment to carry it and increased cost of construction. Wo
object also to the large propotlions of the condensing ap-
paratus (except the condenser-* propef in second class
of engines) as being In our opinion unueeessary, and to
the size ot steam ports, valves, &.<•., about double that of
the h"st piactice hitherto, on account ot' the \o-a- of mwbj
caused thereby. The overhanging wheels and their con-
struction are approved. We appiove also of the adoption ,
Ol .single engines tor vessels of tins class.
uf>, Whetliei, had the drawings and specifications of this
machinery been submitted to you before tin ir eojistiuetion,
you wo mil have objected to anything in it as likelvto ren-
der its periotmancc in anyway inferior to other machinery
in o«p, lor the same purpose and under the samti conditions.
 • \W should have objected 10 many of the jn>hu< of ar-
rangement and detail in the^c plans and specification.-^ as
giving ie-ults inferior to what might in our opinion have
been obtained had changes been made in them.
u 6. You will please also give, in the event of your dis
approving of all 01 any part of the machinery, the reasons
therefor; and state what, in youi opinion, it should have
been.
'* in compliance with tills request we have to state that
we should nave placed more power, both of engines and
boilers, m the screw steamers, recognizing the great im-
portance to naval steamers of having the capability to main-
tain continuously a high rate of speed when desir^dj and
brieve thin in both respects the power could have been
ptoportiouately increased by a change in type and detail—-
as indicated in previous teptic—to the e.\iem. ot at least
one tiiud mote, without adding to the spaee occupied by
the whole, reducing the coal space, or equaling the total
weight.
*• Bv such a change, obtained without pacrlfiee of mom
or di-phtecinent, a hiaher rate of speed would have been
attainable; while in ordmaiy crut-niR. both engines and
boilers could have been worked ata less pressure of Meant
and mummed in a manner most conductive to economy of
lu«l and ibeirg/eater durability.
" We should also have objected to certain points of de-
tail and pioportion. as indicated in our replies to previous
Inieriojraioiies. A further objection and propo-ed change
is submitted by four members of the board, in a subsequent
part of this report." ******
" Objections to answertbe fii^t interrogatory by Messrs.
Coryell and Wright, who object to «.o much of the foregoing
answer as relates to the principle adopted tor the valve gear
UM'd in the Juniata c/asS of engines, lor the reason that
it wiil not allow ol the pioper motion of the stenm valve
lor an engine working expansively, 111 combination with a
pioper opening of poits for the exhaust; in other words, all
engines should have a sepaiate v.live and motion foi woik-
ing st<*nni expantdveh'. 'I ho tjpe of valve motion used on
the lioquois, Wiielnisett, and ve^ejs ot that class, though
not combining ever} thing de~ired for an efficient exp msive
gear, l in every respect superior to that m use in tile Juni-
ata e.a-s nt'engines." ***** *
"Addition to answ<r to fcixth interrogatory by Messrs.
Hihbaid. Wright, Loring, and Coiyeli; who add to the
lor* going anower by stating that Uicy regaid the diameter
ot the cvhndersof the Juniata class of engines as too small
to develop in the most economical manner the power of
the steam that can be gem-mtcd by the boilers, a* they
require the ^cam to be admitted at a pie^un of thnty to
thn!\ live pound- per square meh above the atmosphero
lor about three hmrths the snoke, to develop their mut-
uary full Working pmvei. With hnger cyluuh rs, say futy-
toiu luciu-s ui diameter, cutting oil' the steam at about three
eignths thesiroke, and using the samepre^ureand volunifi
oi^ste.un, would in their opinion d« v< lop more power siom
it, tout ut the same 1 one, by cutting off at a longer point, en-
able the engine-, to work foi a hunted time with a large
excess, ot power in an enietgeney, or at full power wch a
It.vvf r pres?uie. of •steam, as would be v.'iy desnable in ca-e
the binlers were weakened by went or other causes,or n the
ptes^urc ot the steam became accidentally lower, 01 if from
leaking 01 other dt langemeut 01 the Itesh-water eonden.scr
it became necessary to wot k the boilers with saltwater,
and that such increased size of the cylinder-, woukl not ma-
terially inciease cuhte space occupied. The size of
cv ib u-ed do not 111 our opinion peumt the best late of
expansion that the valve gear will give, except at a low late
ot speed of the vessels." * * * * *
*• It is trii" that Hie best «crew vessels ,in the Navy for
sp«W and effieiency are ptovided with an independent cut-
off appai aitr ; but this supeitO! tty ts tnit necessarily due to
the u- c of an independent cut otf. We believe there are
no vessels built foi the Navy beiore the date mentioned
(1861) without an independent cut-oft'."
Then we have 00 pa^e J27 of the supplemental
report, this remark of the board; |
" We did not, for example, in our report allude-to
'
