APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 3,
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Board of Admiralty—Mr. Bice.
Ho. of Reps.
Admiralty of Great Britain has from time to time
embraced some of the wisest, seme of the most
experienced, and some of the most judicious naval
authorities in Great Britain. Rut during' all fho
time of its existence down fo the present u has
hardly been able promptly and efficiently to put
forth the efforts which were necessary to provide
against the exigencies of war which at all limes
are liable to occur. As 1 have already shown,
British authorities who have investigated for them-
selves the subject, declare irrtheir periodicals, re-
ports, and speeches, that this Board of Admiralty
is an organization which is defective in its very
nature, and therefore it cannot be made of para-
mount value by the administration of any men,
however efficient, excellent, and experienced they
may be. Yet this, let me say, is substantially
the system which the honorable geiHleman from
Maryland, [Mr. Davis,] if I understand him, de-
sires we shall establish here; a system which after
a test of more than two hundred years in Great
Britain is more than almost anything else con-
nected with their Government ill disrepute, both
with theGoverrimentand with the people,and has
singularly failed in presenting any positive ad-
vantage, as the present condition of the British
navy shows. This is the system which the hon-
orable gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis]
desires us to institute here. This is the kind of
trammel that he desires to put over the chief offi-
cer of our Navy Department.
I have alluded to the accession of Louis Na-
poleon to the throne of Fiance, and to the imme-
diate attention which he bestowed upon the con-
struction of the navy of that empire, and to the
effect which the naval movements of France have
had upon Great Britain. I need not inform this
committee that the navies of France and Great
Britain are constructed almost wholly with ref-
erence to a single point, and that is, the relative
power of the two nations. They are rivals in
everything, and jealous of each other. They are
hostile to each other, and their hostility and their
jealousy extends to everything connected with
the interests or with the power of either of those
nations.
Now, sir, as soon as the emperor of France
looked out upon what was supposed to be the
formidable navy of Gieat Britain, and which in-
deed was formidable among the navies of the
world at that period, he found that if he were to
secure his throne, if he were to maintain the dig-
nity of France, if he were to retain the fealty and
the confidence of his subjects, he must provide a
power that should be able to meet the navy of
Great Britain on any sea, and that should be able
to protect the coast of France against any assaults
that might be made by Great Britain. -There-
fore, sir, the construction of the English navy and
of the French navy has, as I have said, in a great
degree become a reciprocal operation. When
Great Britain builds a ship, then France builds
a ship; and when France builds an iron-clad,
Great Britain must build an inm-clad; and so they
go on multiplying day after day, and year after
year—not because of any particular exigency
that is pressing upon those nations at the mo-
ment, but because neither can afford to be behind
the other in the number and the armament of its
ships.
Well, sir, Louis Napoleon is known to the
world. When he ascended the throne of Fiance
be became France. He is that voltaic battery
placed on the seat of power in the nation, whose
touch sends the vital impulses throughout his
whole empire. He is the head of the navy of
France, as he is the head of everything else that
is great connected with that nation. He wants
no boards of admiralty to sit down and dream
over what in some possible exigency it may be
expedient to do. He wants no board of admi-
ralty thatshall hamper the progress of the French
armies or navies when the exigency arrives. But
he, sir, is the living and the vitalizing power, and
when he speaks the word it is done; when he com-
mands, every man and everything under the power
and control of the French nation stands fast to
service and duty.
The administration of the French navy, there-
fore, is a totally different organization from that
Of the British Admiralty. The British Admiralty
irresponsible to nobody. Each board is more-
over involved with its successor and with its pred-
ecessor, as a serpent involves its coils; and if
there be faults oromissions arising in the admin-
istration of the nayy, itis almost as impossible to
fix the precise point of responsibility among these
successive boards of admiralty as it is to fix the
precise point of motive power in a serpent's body.
The board of administration of France is, on the
contrary, an organization having;, through all its
departments, the element of individual responsi-
bility and of special attention. Every man who
has a duty to perform in connection with the ad-
ministiation of the French navy is responsible;
he can be ferieted out; the cxact measure of his
responsibility can be fastened upon him; and
everybody knows what is the fate of an irre-
sponsible or unfaithful officer befoie the man who
sits upon the Fiench thtone.
Now, sir,ihegent|f-"man fiom Maryland in pro-
posing this measure has notonlyrun contrary to
the experience of France and of England upon
this subject, but he proposes to leap over the
whole period of time during which this Govern-
ment has had an existence. Why,sir, when the
Navy of the United States first came into being,
in 1775, we then had a Marine Committee. In
1776 we had what was called a Continental Navy
Boaid. In 1779 we had a Board of Admiralty.
In 1798 a Navy Department was established, with
a Secretary of the Navy. In 1815 we had a Board
of Navy Commissioners appointed. In 1845 all
these irresponsible boards, these debating socie-
ties organized to discuss and to settle the princi-
ples upon which our Navy should be constructed
and admmisteied, weie wiped out of the way,
under the experience which the Government had
had through this long period, and a Navy Depart-
ment, substantially like that which we now have,
was established. We got along very well from
1842 up to 1862, the second year of this war, un-
der the Navy Departmental it was organized in
1842. And, sir, what did the wisdom of Congress
determine after two years of experience amid the
trials of this war, added to the long experience in
a peace establishment? What did the wisdom of
Congress decide was expedient to be done in 1862,
when the height of the pressure of this war was
upon us, when new exigencies were arisingevery
day, when there was a demand for theloftn-st arul
broadest wisdom and cxpeiience that the country
could furnish in respect to the best method of ad-
ministering the Navy > Why, sir, it did not estab-
lish a board of admiralty; it did not establish a
board of commissioners; it did notrunacrosst.be
water and adopt the system of admiralty which
the Government of Great Biitain was just then
trying earnestly and laboriously to dispense with.
But Congress did amplify the existing Navy De-
partment, changing none of its material features,
but enlarging it to meet the added necessities
which were brought upon it and upon the coun-
try by this gigantic, war.
So, sir, it is only two years since the Navy
Department was reorganized and indorsed in its
present form; and 1 hazard nothing in saying
that, as a Department, I think it is the most com-
plete and among the most efficient and respon-
sible of all the Departments of the Government.
It approximates nearer to the idea of a Depart-
ment than does any other branch of the executive
power of this land that I know of. We have at
its head a Secretary of the Navy; and under him
are subdivisionsof the Department, eightin num-
ber, styled bureaus, each of which buieaus has its
own specialty, with its own officer placed at its
head, men of broad experience and versed in the
particular subjects and duties they are called upon
to consider and discharge; men who are respon-
sible both to the country and to Congress, and to
the head of the Navy Department, inasmuch as
they stand in conspicuous positions and cannot
screen from observation the nature and character
of their duties or the manner in which they per-
form them. Each head of a bureau is supposed to
know everything in detail belonging to the par-
ticular branch of naval duty which belongs to that
bureau, and to have the executive ability to bring
his work to completion. He makes up the annual
estimate of the amount which will be required to
be expended upon the particular objects of that
bureau; but he cannot expend a single dollar of
the money which Congress appropriates for the
Navy, n^r enter into any engagement, except oy
the permission of the Secretai y of the Navy him-
self; so that under thissystem we have combined
the advantages of individual skill and responsi-
bility supervised and ultimately controlled by a
general head.
The head of each cne of these bureaus is there-
fore directly responsible to the chief of the N^vy,
and yet I lie chief of the Navy is not hampered by
the divided counsel of those bureau chiefs. He
is the man who, after all, is called upon to stand
up before Government and people and assume
the responsibility of whatever appei tains to the
administration of that department of the public
service.
So, sir, we have in the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Maryland no new proposition what-
ever, but one which we have alieady tried, im-
proved upon, and discarded.
But the honorable gentleman says no other
country has such a system as our own.
Well, sir, if 1 mistake not, it is no novel or
strange thing for the United States to be found
differing from the lestof the world either in the
nature of Us Go vernmerit or in its administration.
If I remember rightly, there are many particulars
in which the progiess of this nation, and in which
the means and facilitiesand power of this nation,
differ and have always differed from any other
nation on the face of the earth.
And I will say just here that I have no prepos-
session for or any prejudice against anything,
whether it appertains to the Navy or to any other
Department of the Government, because it is or
is not foreign in its origin and use. I lecognize
the fact that there are many things appeituinmg
to the Governments and the people of nations
of the earth which are specialties of their own,
which are national peculiarities, immediately rec-
ognized and known of all men, but they do not
necessarily constitute in themselves standards of
merit; and simply because a thing is or is not
found elsewhere, does not bring to my mind any
argument for either adopting it or dismissing it
here, except so far as it may have been proved
to be valuable or useless by the experience of
other nations or our own. 1 hold that the expe-
rience of mankind is the property of mankind;
and if it be true that whoever, acting as an indi-
vidual or as a member of a Government, disre-
gards the experience of the world, may travel pos-
sibly into a slough of trouble and difficulty from
which that experience might have saved him, it
is also true that if a man plant himself entirely
upon that which some otherman has experienced
under the same or different conditions and cir-
cumstances, his fate will be hardly happier than
that of him whom I have described in antithesis.
Now, it will be seen that the proposition sub-
mitted by the gentleman from Maryland is not in
favor anywhere in the world where it has h'een
submitted to the test of experience. It will be
found that it has been tried already, over and over
again, in a great variety of forms, and that it has
been cast aside because it has been proved here
to be, as it will prove to be wherever it is tried,
irresponsible, inefficient, and uncertain in its op-
eration.
But, Mr. Chairman, I think no man who has
listened to the spcech delivered by the honorable
gentleman from Maryland can have failed to see
that he had a double purpose in making it, and
that his amendment was only a precursor, nnd a
small one at that, to the real object which he had
in view. In the hour and a half or three quar-
ters during which he discussed this subject, he
spent but a very small portion of it in elaborating
or elucidating facts or arguments in support of
the establishment of a board of naval administra-
tion, while he did occupy the larger portion of
his time in discussing what he is pleased to indi-
cate as the faults and failures of the Navy of the
United States.
i remember, sir, because I am reminded of it
by the speech of the gentleman from Maryland,
that this proposition which he has introduced
here was made as long ago as last April. U
seems to me that if the. question of the efficiency
or of the failure of the Navy of the United States
is to be discussed in the interest of those who
complain, it would have been much better, in the
light of history and of events, for the gentleman
