1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
38th Coxa.... 2d Sess.
Board of Admiralty.—Mr. Bice.
Ho..of Reps.
to have discussed itat the time when it was origin-
ally submitted.
Let us see, sir, what are some of the facts in
regard to this Wavy which the gentleman would
luive us bring into disrepute, which he would
have us put under surveillance, which he would
have us hamper with a Board of Admiialty, to
discuss every topic, great or small, that should
arise in the service. All the resources of the coun-
try, vast as they are, whether public or private,
have been brought into requisition, in one form
or another, to deliver the country from the perils
in which it was involved by this gigantic civil
war. 1 need not remind members of this com-
mittee that in December, 1860, the State of South
Carolina passed an ordinance of secession, to take-
tlmt State out of the Union, and that early in the
following year several of the Gulf States followed
the example of South. Carolina, so that before
the President was inauguiated ill March, 1861,
and befoi e any of the Departments weie organized
in harmony with the head of the Government,
and in accordance with the legally expressed will
of the people of the country, some seven or eight
States had already left the Union, as far as it was
possible for them to do so, by passing ordinances
of secession. Gentlemen need not be reminded
that before the Navy Department was organized
there was not a single place between Chesa-
peake bay and the Rio Grande, on the Atlantic
coast or on the Gulf coast, that was not in pos-
session of the rebels. They need notbe reminded
that, in taking possession of this vast ex tent of ter-
ritory, the rebels also took possession of two of
the five navy-yards belonging to the United States,
one of them the most important of all the navy-
yards of the country, thatof Norfolk. Not only
did the rebels capture these navy-yards, but they
captured some of our ships in them, and a vast
amount of ordnance and naval supplies. They
captured at the Norfolk navy-yard more than two
thousand pieces of heavy ordnance three hundred
of which were Dahlgren guns, more also at Pensa-
cola, and a vast amount of small-arms and naval
stores.
In what condition was the country then lett—
with more than thirty-five hundred miles of sea-
coast and with more than thirty-five hundred
miles of navigable inland waters to take care of?
Whatmeans did the Governmentthen possess for
the performance of that mighty and stupendous
work? Our whole Navy consisted at that time
of but forty-six vessels, and of these nearly one
half were out of commission. A part of those
that were in commission were on foreign stations,
and at the time of the secession of the rebel States
there were but four naval vessels left available to
the Government of the United States with which
to proceed to reclaim the navy-yards, forts, and
terntoiy that had been seized by the rebels, in
accordance with thfavowed purpose of the Pres-
ident of the United States, to which both Houses
of Congress and a vast majority of the people
heartily responded.
Heie was the work; to recover and to guard
this vest extent of sea-coast and inland waters,
to be done with old ships, if at all, or to be done by
new means and instrumentalities devised by that
man who holds the responsible position of Secre-
tary of the Navy. Does any one suppose, sir, that
it would have been possible for the Secretary of the
Navy to have built ships enough to have guarded
the whole coast of the Atlantic, from the capes
of the Chesapeake to the Rio Grande, and to navi-
gate the inland waters of the country, wresting
them, place by place, one after another, from the
hands of the lebels, if he had had to wait until
he could build the ships, and cast and finish the
ordnance necessary to perform this gigantic un-
dertaking? It is an absurdity to make such a
suggestion. Then I want to know what was
left open for the Secretary of the Navy to do but
just precisely that which he did do, and which is
here at this time made the subject of hostile criti-
cism and animadversion by the honorable gentle-
man from Maryland, [Mr. Davis.] He went out
to his countrymen, and said to them: " Give me
your ships; give me your yards; give me your
foundries; give me your machine-shops; give
me your ropf-walk^; give me everything that
you have suited to tl «j purpose, in order that I
may, according to the best of my ability use them
for my country, and while you and I stand alike
in the face of mankind to be tried by its judg-
ment, as to whether we can or cannot accomplish
this gigantic undertaking, while the friends of
despotism, and the enemies of republics are look-
ing on and hoping that we shall fail, 1 ask you
to come forward and give me your ships, and
your facilities, be they what they may, in order
that we may vindicate the patriotism, skill, and
capacity of American workmen and people, in
quenching this fire of rebellion; that we may have
the pleasure, the inexpressible and unbounded
pleasure, of showing to mankind that however
great your disadvantages; that however^mall the
resources at the command of the Government,
yet, when the national life is assailed, there is no
limittothe power which the American people will
bring out for the use of their Government to en-
able them to save the national life from any hand
by which it tnay be assailed, whether it be foreign
or domestic."
The appeal of the Secretary of the Navy did
not go out to his countrymen unregarded and un-
heeded. They responded to it. They brought
out every ship that was available for naval ser-
vice, and put them at the disposal of the Navy
Department; and the Navy Department availed
itself to the utmost of the ability of our citizens,
limited only by the resources of the country, in
procuring ships and ordnance and men and ma-
terial of every kind, to enable it to carry out the
gigantic undertaking that rebels and traitors had
forced upon its hands. Nor did it act unwisely
in this particular. If gentlemen can translate
themselves from this present hour, in February,
1865, back to 1861. and contemplate the necessity
that then existed of contributing in any manner
and in every mannerof the resourcesof the coun-
try ; if they can recall the anxiety they then felt that
the Navy should do all that it could, and vastly
more than it was doing, I think that in that state
of mind they will not be prepared to condemn the
Navy Department because it availed itself of the
ships of the merchant service when there were
none belonging to the Navy, and when all the
yards of the Government, and all the shops of the
country were working night and day, and were
all totally inadequate to supply the immediate and
pressingexigencies under which the Government
was then laboring.
The honorable gentleman comments upon the
character of these merchant vessels, and dwells
upon the absurdity of counting them in among
the naval resources of the country. But 1 think
that, if he had dwelt upon the topic in all its lights
and in all its bearings, he could not have failed
to discover that, under that generic term " the
Navy," there is a great variety of duty to be per-
formed, and that there is duty that can be per-
formed as well, or nearly as well, by vessels that
were built for the merchant service as by those
which were built especially for the naval service.
But passing from this point, for it is not worth
while to discuss it in the light of the facts, the
alternative then presented was, will you have
these ships or will you have no ships? Will you
do all you can to arrest the progress of this rebel-
lion, or will you sit down supinely, as a board of
admiralty mighthave done,sucking your thumbs
and saying that the undertaking is totally beyond
the capacity and genius of the American people
to enter upon and to accomplish? Not only was
the Government without vessels and without
ordnance, but in the first year of the war, out of
the small number of officers that composed the
Navy two hundred and fifty-nine resigned or
went over to the enemy in order that they might
command the ships and make use of the oidnance
which they had stolen from the Government of
the United States at Norfolk and Pensacola mid
elsewhere. So that our losses were not only
losses to ourselves in ships and material, but they
were gains in the same kind and degree to the
rebels; and they gained in addition a large num-
ber, if not all, of the one hundred and fifty-nine
officers of the American Navy to make use of
those ships and of those materials.
Well, sir, during this year 1861, starting in the
sprin" with only four vessels available tor the
whole uses of this gigantic war, to blockade all
the southern pons, to recover all the places that
had been stolen from us, to open the great inter-
nal channels of commerce—starting, 1 say, with
those four vessels, before the close of the year
1861, the first year of the war, during a period
of only about nine months, the number increased,
from fourvessels to two hundred and twenty-six.
This is the work accomplished, so far as outfit-
ting a navy is concerned, by this Department in
the first nine or ten months of the war. During
the second year that number was increased to
between three and four hundred. During the
next year, if 1 remember rightly, it rose up to
more than five hundred and eighty. And now,
sir, at the end of the fourth year, we have a Navy
of six hundred and seventy-one vessels; not all
built on one plan, not all built of one size, not all
built of one fashion and for one use, as the hon-
orable gentleman from Maryland would seem to
imply by his argument would have been judi-
cious, but various in their construction and appli-
ances, adapted to the ever-changing, ever-new
exigencies and necessities of this great war.
Now, sir, not to leave'entirely out of sight the
value of the advice that may be derived from a
board of consultation, I desire to state here that,
while all the responsibility settles down upon the
head of the Navy, and upon the chiefs of the bu-
leaus of the Navy Department, ys\, sir, without
a boaid of administration which it is obliged by
the force of law to consult and to defer to, the
Navy Department has hardly taken a single step
of great importance without summoning, as the
chief of that Department has the undoubted right
to do, a board of consultation and advice from
those who are experienced in the Navy in com-
manding our ships, experienced in all the details
of war, as well as in all naval literature and prac-
tice, that he might have the benefit both of their
) l/llclv lie b II CA r V v*
experience and of their professional knowledge.
i;iiose boards have been constituted over and over
again as specialties have demanded. They have
not been exceptional cases; they have been the
rule rather than the exception. And the Secre-
tary of the Navy, feeling that it rested upon him
to take the responsibility, to assume accountabil-
ity for what shall be actually done, without re-
gard to the character of the advice which he may
receive, has, after hearing the opinions that have
been expressed* by those whom he has consulted*
moved forward, in accordance with the dictates of
his own judgment, to do those things which he
believed to be best for the interest of the country
and the accomplishment of the gigantic work
which he had in hand.
Why, sir, almost immediately after the Ad-
ministration was organized, it became indispen-
sable that there should be certain points upon the
Atlantic coast recovered and put in possession of
the Government as depots for naval supplies, as
places of resort for vessels that were doing duty
on the Atlantic. And what did the Secretary of
the Navy do? Why,sir, he did not send in here
and ask you to give him a board of naval admin-
istration, but he sent out to some of the most ex-
perienced officers of the INFavy, to those who were
most familiar with the coast; and he sent to the
Coast Survey office; he had all the geography of
the country and all the knowledge and experience
of the country bearing upon the topic laid before
liim; and the opinion of a commission was taken
as to the particular points that could be most ad-
vantageously recovered and most advantageously
used after they were so recovered. And when tile
naval expeditions started out under Stringham
and Du Pont for the capture of these places on the
Atlantic coast, they started, sir, with a definite
object to be accomplised, and that ob-ject was de-
termined upon by the Secretary ijf the Navy after
he had made use of all the means and all the re-
sources at his command,including a commission
of men specially versed in this department of his
duly.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ASHLEY. I move that the gentleman be
allowed to proceed.
There was no objection.
Mr. IlICE, of Massachusetts. I have spoken,
Mr. Chairman, very much longer than I antici-
pated when 1 arose, and I appreciate the kindness
and courtesy of the House in allowing me an op-
portunity further to proceed; and 1 will endeavor
to show my appreciation by not trespassing upon
the patience of members further than may be abso-
