44-
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 3,
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Board of Admiralty—Mr. llice.
Ho. of Beps.
lutely necessary to present the case which I have
in hand.
Now, sir, I was about to say that I would not
go over a long and tedious recital of the number
of boards which the Secretary of the Navy has
from time to time summoned, that he might ac-
quaint himself with their opinions, and, so far as
he: should determine, act in accordance with their
advice. So far as that is concerned"; he and the
Department have had all the practical benefits of
a board of admiralty without the loss of execu-
tive ability. And upon that one point of execu-
tive ability let me say that you may look <tver
the annals of mankind, from the dawn of civili-
zation to the present time, and you will find no-
where in the records of any nation so gigantic a
performance in the way of constructing a navy in
the same length of time as has been performed by
the Navy Department of the United States.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it is well to say right here
—because it is pertinent to the remarks made by
the gentleman from Maryland—that not only has
this Navy Department had its attention carefully
fixed upon absorbing the resources of its navy-
yards and the private establishments of the coun-
try in the building of ships and ordnance and ma-
chinery, but it has also had closely at heart the
grand result to which all naval warfare tends, or
ahould tend, and that is,a victory; and in carry-
ing out that idea it has not groped ority among
naval administrative reports of foreign countries;
it has not blindly followed the lead of any na-
tion; not merely imitated what th,e brains of some
other man or some other people had devised, but
taking the issues of the living present before it,
and studying them, has addressed itself, whether
by old means or by new means, at all events by
successful means, to the accomplishment of the
result to which, as I said before, all naval war-
fare should tend, victory.
And let me say here what is the distinctive Amer-
ican ideaupon the subject—an idea differing en-
tirely from the theories of either England, France,
or any other nation on the face of the earth—and
that is, in the first place, in respect to vessels, and
in thesecond place in reference to ordnance; for, as
has -been well and justly said, since this war com-
menced the United States have reformed the whole
system of naval warfare twice: first, in respect
to the construction of ships; and secondly, in re-
spect to the construction of ordnance. And that
ioea, the main idea, is this, to take away as far
as possible in the construction of your ships the
target to the enemy's guns; and in the second
place, in the construction of yourordnance to put
the greatest weight of metal into the smallest pos-
sible compass; and, sir, whether for weal or for
woe, whether in success or in defeat, that is the
American idea which has been working out and
which is now working out in the construction of
the American Navy.
Why, everybody knows that the first change
which took place in naval ships—1 speak notnow
of the period since the \yar commenced—was to
dispense with sails and to adopt steam as the mo-
tive power. But since this war commenced the
idea has been not only to construct steam vessels,
but to construct iron vessels also; and in construct-
ing iron vessels, not to construct broadside ves-
sels only, carrying a large number of guns and
standing many feet out of water, but to put the
vessels as low in the water as practicable, and to
.compress, as I said before, the weight of your
ordnance-metal into the smallest possible com-
pass. And if anybody desires a practical illustra-
tion of the wisdom and efficiency of this theory
when carried out to practical results, let me carry
his mind back to that memorable Saturday morn-
ing in March, 1862, when yourfiigates with their
immense broadsides lay in Hampton roads waiting
and watching there for any thing which might come
to them from the harbor of Norfolk. And what
did come? Why, sir, the Merrimac, a great and
powerful iron-clad, came down on Saturday and
sent to the bottom of the ocean your frigate Cum-
berland and your frigate Congress with as appa-
rent ease as you would crush an egg-shell in your
hand. And, sir, nothing under heaven saved the
rest of that fleet except the fact that they were in
very shoal water whore the Merrimac was not
able to follow them.
And how did it happen that the Merrimac, when
she came down the next morning, did not make
a similar disposition of the remainder of tile fleet ?
How did it happen that she did not come along
the coast, and up the Potomac, shell this seat of
Government, and lay this capital in ruins? Why
did she not go to Baltimore, why not to Phila-
delphia, why not toNew York, Boston,and other
important commercial places on the sea-coast, and
lay them under contribution, and capture or de-
stroy their shipping and defenses? Because on
that Sunday morning the first practical develop-
ment of this American idea of dispensing with a
target for your enemy, and of concentrating the
weight of your metal into the smallest' possible
compass, was made. The Merrimaccamc down
just as confidently on Sunday morning as she had
come down on Saturday; but, if I mistake not,
and if history is not altogether at fault, she went
back with an entirely different message to tile
southern confederacy on Sunday from that which
she took back on Saturday. She met there, as
the gentleman from Maryland has said, if not
originally, yet felicitously, a raft with a cheese-box
on it; and the result of that raft with a cheese-box
on it, the result of that practical American idea,
in which it differed from France and from Eng-
land and from the world, was that wlifen she dis-
charged her immense guns into the sides of the
Merrimac, that vessel, gigantic as she was,found
that she was entirely unable to cope with this
diminutive, untried Yankee notion. Thisexperi-
ment, for it was nothing more nor less than an
experiment then, this first practical embodiment
of the American idea, sent the gigantic rebel mon-
ster, constructed more after the plans of Prance
and England, skulking back into the harbor of
Norfolk, from which she never came out after-
ward.
And so, also, wherever this American idea has
been subsequently tested the same result has fol-
lowed. How was it in the case of the Fingal,
constructed on the Clyde, and sent over here as
a blockade runner, one specimen of those vast
contributions which our former friend and—if I
speak not unadvisedly—our recent enemy, has
made to the southern confederacy in the building
and supply of ships and ordnance to enable the
rebels to tear down the pillars of this Government
and to destroy our national life ? Ilow was it in
the case of the Fingal, which came over here un-
der the guise of a merchant vessel, which was
taken up to Savannah and there altered, at an
expense of millions of dollars, into a rebel iron-
clad? After she was completed she came out at
the appointed time, commanded by one who had
served under the old flag, and filled with officers
who wereingloriously transferring not only their
allegiance but their experience to the flag of our
enemy, and accompanied by transports filled with
gay people, who were coming out as on a festive
occasion, to witness the conflict between the At-
lanta—which the Fingal had now become—and
the Weehawken,commanded by that noble sailor
and just and honest man, John Rodgers.
And what was the result of that trial between
the combination of British and confederate skill
and this American idea? Hardly had the Atlanta
got into position, before a fitifen-inch shot from
the Weehawken struck against her side, pros-
trated forty men upon her decks, and scattered
barrels of splinters, of wood and iron, as the first
announcement to the officers of the Atlanta of
hoiv great an advance had been made by this
theory of compressing the weight of your metal
into the smallest possible compass. After that
one shot was fired it was utterly impossible for
the commander of the Atlanta to bring his men
back again to their guns; and before the Nahant,
the cooperating vessel of the Weehawken, was
able to get into position and lire a single shot, the
white flag appeared 011 the Atlanta and she be-
came a prize—a prize to this American idea. And
she now floats under the stars and stupes, and is
doing good and efficient service,as I understand,
in the American Navy. Almost every successful
naval battle that has been fought has been fought
partly with the use of those monitors. The honor-
able gentleman from Maryland has stated what
he would have us believe to be the testimony of
high officials in the naval service in condemnation
of these monitors, and yet if he will read the tes-
timony of these men candidly and impartially he
will find that they riot only declare in their favor,
but that they are unwilling to go into any gr'eat
and important action without their assistance.
The gentleman from Maryland has refened to
the magnificent and glorious achievements of Far-
ragut m Mobile bay. But does the honorable
gentleman desire me to tell him that before Admi-
ral Farragut made his movement in Mobile bay
he waited for iron-clads, and four of them did join
his fleet before the action commenced, and I have
here the testimony of Admiral Porter, if I could
consume the time of the committee in reading
from testimony, as the gentleman has done, but
it is not worth while; whether it be on the At-
lantic, or in the Gulf, or upon the Mississippi,
the result is the same. For they have built iron-
clads and iron vessels on the Mississippi and its
tributaries as well as upon the Atlantic and in the
Gulf, and everywhere they have turned out to be
the most efficient and most powerful and the most
formidable vessels ever constructed.
Now, Mr. Chairman, 1 shall be obliged, in the
fulfillment of my promise not to weary the House
more than is necessary, to pass over many im-
portant features of this discussion, i want to say
next, that when the fight took place between the
Merrimac and the Monitor at Hampton Roads,
a high British authority declared that the naval
force of England amounted to but three or four
vessels. I cannot quote his language precisely;
but it was substantially that the naval force of
Great Britain was wiped out; that they must be-
gin de novo; that they must cast aside their War-
riors, their Agincourts, and all the other like ships
they had constructed, because the fight in Hamp-
ton Roads proved that the Monitor vessels, which
presented no broadside to be perforated by the
shot of the enemy, also carried a gun that would
crush in the sides of the vessels built upon the Eng-
lish and the French plans. That demonstrated
that the countless millions that they had expended
under the wisdom and forecast of this Board of
Admiralty was ail for nothing.
We have to-day accomplished, in the construc-
tion of our naval vessels, tlie two things which
the Government started out to accomplish when
it entered upon this gigantic undertaking, so far
as the theory of the construction of vessels is con-
cerned. In the first place tliey desired to devise a
vessel that would carry an armor which the ord-
nance of no foreign nation could shoot thro ugh, and
then to place upon these ships guns throwing a
weight of meial which,ifit would not perforate,
would crush in the side of any ship belonging to
any other nation. And 1 say here, withoutthe fear
of contradiction, that that result has been accom-
plished, and that we to-day have vessels whose
armor is a complete protection against the guns of
any nation on the face of the earth, and that we
also have on those vessels, on the Monitor vessels,
guns that will drive from the iftean any vessel that
may come in conflict with our ships.
Now, sir, 1 think that fact is not new on the
other side of the water, if it is new here. That
fact is not new in France and in England, if it be
new in the United States. That fact is probably
not new in the Parliamentof Great Britain, or in
the Chamber of Deputies of France, if it be new
in the Congress of the United States. Let me
say to you, that those Governments are to-day
studying the monitorsystem of the United States
with the most careful and anxious solicitude, to
see by what means they may be able, if by any
means whatever, to put themselves 011 an equality
with the gigantic, and at present all but, if it be
not altogether, irresistible naval power of the
United Slates. Why, sir, is ita matter that need
be told here, that the Governments of several for-
eign nations have sent special commissions here
since the fight took place between the Monitor
and the Merrimac, and the Weehawken and At-
lanta, to study out if it may be this wonderful
power that has been improvised amid the excite-
ments and necessities of a gigantic and unexam-
pled war? And besides that, every item of infor-
mation which goes out from us in respect to this
conflict to France and Great Britain, with whom
we are in the closest communication, is sought for
and maturely studied. Have gentlemen forgotten
that Sweden has sent her officers here to spe-
cially study this system ? And have you forgot-
ten that the imperial Government of Russia sent
