736
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
' names of the gentlemen under arrest.
The Clerk read the list.
The question was taken on Mr. Blaine's mo-
tion, and it was not agreed to—there being, on a
division—ayes 9, noes 88.
So the House refused to lay the whole subject
on the table.
• The SPEAKER. The Sergeant-at-Arms will
now present the gentlemen in his custody at the
bar. of the House.
The members named in the list appeared in the
area in front of the Speaker's chair, in custody of
the Sergeant-at-Arms.
Mr. L. MYERS. Mr. Speaker, I inquire why
it is that the name of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Washbcrne] does not appear in the list.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will in-
form the gentleman from Pennsylvania that I did
not happen to be absent.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that it
appears by the Journal that the gentleman from
Illinois answered on the second roll-call last even-
ing.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, was there not
a call afterward, when the House found itself
reduced below a quorum ?
The SPEAKER. There were two calls last
evening. All furtherproceedings were dispensed
with under the first call of the House, when nine-
ty-two members appeared in their seats. After
that call there was an attempt to go into the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union, on
which motion no quorum voted. Another call
was ordered, and it appears by, the record that on
that call the gentleman from Illinois responded.
Mr. STEVENS. Somebody must have an-
swered for him.
Mr. L.MYERS. The gentleman from Illinois
had disappeared from the Hall.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gentle-
man from Pennsylvania is mistaken; and he has
no right to make the assertion. I was here, and
I did answer to my name.'
Mr. L. MYERS. I make it, notwithstanding.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I understand
the gentleman to say that he makes the assertion,
nevertheless.
Mr. L. MYERS. I would ask the gentleman
if he answered to his name upon the second call.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have al-
ready stated that I did answer to my name, and
the gentleman is bound to believe it.
Mr. L. MYERS. If the gentleman states that
here as a fact, ofcoursolam bound to believe it.
Mr. WASHBURNE,ofllinois. I have stated
it once, and no gentleman has aright to question it.
Mr. L. MYERS. My recollection is different;
bu! of course I must believe the statement of the
gentleman.
The Sergeant-at-Arms then appeared at the
bar of thellouse and said: Mr. Speaker, in obedi-
ence to the order of tins House, and of your war-
rant to me directed, 1 have, with as littledclay as
possible with the means at my command, notified
and caused to appear at the bar of this House the
following-named members:
James O. Alien, John li. .Alley, Liicieii Anderson, Isaac
N. Arnold, James M. Ashley, Joseph llaily, Jacob 1). lilan,
George Bliss, flenty T. Blow, .fames Brooks, William G.
lirowil, John VV. (.'hauler, Fiecnum Clarke, Liluttid J.Clay,
Cornelius Cole, Henry L. Dawes., John L. flinv.-oii, John
F. l-'ariisworth, John (Sanson, Aaron Hardin^, Benjamin
G. Harris, Wells A. Hutcluiis, Austin A. King, Francis C.
Le liloml, Robert iMallory, William It. .Miller, Warren P.
Noble, Godlove S. Orth, Nehennali Perry, William II.
Randall, Aiuitcw J. Rogers, James S. Rollins, Kobeit C.
Sctienck, John O. Seo'tt, Itnlus 1>. Spalding, William G.
Steele, L. 11. M. Sweat, liobert B. Van Valkenbuigh, and
Edwin II. Webster.
The SPEAKER. ' The Clerk will read the
resolution of the House under which it is now
acting:
The Cleik read, as follows.
"Jlesohci, That the Sergeant-at-Arms be directed to
bring the members now absent without leave before the
bar of the House at one o'clock, p. m., to-morrow, Febru-
toylO, or as soon thereafter as possible; and that they
then be required to show eau*e wnv they shall not be de-
clared 111 contempt of the House, and abide the Older of the
House.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen, you have'all
been brought to the bar of the House by order of
the House, for absence from its session without
its k-ave, in order that you may be required to
show why you should not be declared in con-
tempt of the House, and why you should not
abide the order of the House. Your names will
be called in order.
James C. Allen.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Allen, you have been
absent from the session of this House without its
leave. What excuse have you to render for your
absence ?
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, at the time
of adjournment yesterday afternoon I retired to
my quarters in this city, and in company with
one or two friends dined out. I made some in-
quiry before leaving the House as to the probable
course of business at the evening session, and I
was advised upon what I conceived to be very
high authority indeed, but which I need not name,
that there would be no business done except to
continue the debate upon the taxbill,and however
anxious I felt to hear what gentlemen might have
to offer on so important a measure as that, being
fatigued with the labors of the day, I did not feel
that I was doing injustice to myself, or commit-
ting any contempt upon the authority of the
House, by failing to attend its session.
At a late hour of the morning I returned to my
room. I found a bundle of mail matter lying
upon my table when I entered my room. But
it was so late that I did not undertake to read my
letters before retiring. I retired and slept; slept
very soundly indeed. I came to the House this
morning, and very shortly after making my ap-
pearance in the Hall I was arrested by the Ser-
geant-at-Arms. I did not learn until after I had
breakfasted this morning that there had been
any call of the House last night.
Mr. WADSWORTH, I would inquire
whether the hour rule applies to these proceed-
ings. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state that
by the decision of Speaker Winthrop, made many
years ago, the hour rule does apply.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I rise to
a question of order. Even though the hour rule
does apply, a member must confine himself to a
statement of the causes of his detention—the things
which operated to detain him. How he felt and
how he slept have nothing to do with the cause
of his detention.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I may be a little too ob-
tuse, sir, to understand exactly what would be a
good excuse for my absence from this House.
1 was endeavoring to state the reasons why I had
not been here. They may not bo satisfactory to
my friend from Pennsylvania; I cannot tell how
that may be.
1 was not aware, sir, that there was a call of the
House. I had been advised by those who were
presumed to know the order of business, that no
legislative business would be transacted last even-
ing. It may be that I ought not to have relied
upon what was thus stated to me. I should have
been here had I anticipated that my colleague
[Mr. Wasiibuiine] would revive the " whisky in-
surrection," as I understand he did; for on that
question, according to my information,arose the
call of the House. Iam very sorry to hear, how-
ever, that, on being defeated, he retired in great
disorder from the Hall.
I have said all that I propose to say in excul-
pation of myself, except that I desire to add that
I did not purposely commit a contempt against
the House by absenting myself.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move that the gentleman
be excuscd upon the payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
John B. Alley.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Alley, you have been
absent from the session of this House without
its leave. What excuse have you to render to the
House for your absence?
Mr. ALLEY. Mr. Speaker, the Postmaster
General sent a written request to the Committees
on the Post Office and Post Roads of both Houses
of Congress to meet at his house last evening to
consult upon matters connected with his Depart-
ment. In compliance with that invitation I at-
tended that meeting with the other members of the
committee.
Mr. Speaker, I deem that a sufficient excuse;
but I have another which I think is perhaps even
stronger. Before I left home I promised my good
wife that I would not keep any bad company or
late hours. [Laughter.] During the recess last
evening 
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 call the gentleman to or-
der. I submit that his reniarksare, by inference,
disrespectful to the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has not pro-
ceeded far enough to enable the Chair to decide
that point. The gentleman has not yet said any-
thing out of order.
Mr. ALLEY. My friend from Ohio has mis-
apprehended my remarks entirely. I suppose he
thought I intended to reflect upon the House as
being bad company.
Mr. GARFIELD. I certainly thought so. If
the gentlemen did not intend that, I withdraw the
point of order.
Mr. ALLEY. Not at all; I referred to the
House in speaking of late hours.
The SPEAKER. The Chair so understood it.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether he had any refreshments at the Postmaster
General's.
Mr. ALLEY. I believe it is one of the rules
of this House, Mr. Speaker, that anything that
transpires in committee shall not be divulged.
[Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether the members of the Post Office Com-
mittee met at the Postmaster General's on busi-
ness, or whether the meeting was a convivial
party.
Mr. ALLEY. We met there on business, of
course.
During last evening I received a letter from
home stating that my good lady was on her way
here to look after me, and would probably be
here to-morrow. Now, Mr. Speaker, I submit
to you and to the honorable House, how I could
answer to the promise I gave if I had been here
last evening and staid till three o'clock this morn-
ing. [Laughter.] That is my excuse.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move that the gentle-
man be excused on the payment of the usual
fees.
Mr. O'NEILL, of Ohio. I move that he be
excused unconditionally.
Mr. STEVENS. Has the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads leave to sit during the
sessions of the House?
The SPEAKER. It has not.
Mr. STEVENS. Then the gentleman had no
business to be absent.
Mr. O'Neill's motion was rejected.
Mr. PRUYN. I move, if it be in order, to
amend the motion of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, by providing that all of those who are under
arrest, except the members who were present at
the first call and left before the second call, be
excused on the payment of the usual fees. I
think that we have spent enough of the time of
the country on this, and at this stage of the ses-
sion I think we had better get to business.
The SPEAKER. Each member has the right
to have a decision on his own case.
Mr. PRUYN. I think there will be no objec-
tion to excusing all except those who were pres-
ent upon the first call and absent on the second
call.
The SPEAKER. Let the gentleman name the
members he wants excepted.
Mr. PRUYN. I cannot do it; but I suppose
the Cleric has their names.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk cannot do it; the
Chair therefore cannot entertain the motion.
Mr. Broomall's motion was agreed to.
Mr. RADFORD. Is a motion in order?
The SPEAKER. A motion is in order to lay
on the table.
Mr. RADFORD. I propose that as many gen-
tlemen as choose to pay the usual fees be dis-
charged.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that that
motion would not deprive any member of his
right to be heard. If adopted the members can
avail themselves of it or not as they choose.
Mr. RADFORD. That is my motion. "
The motion was disagreed to.
Lucien Anderson.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Anderson, you have
been absent from the session of the House with-
out its leave. What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. ANDERSON. Mr. Speaker, last night
a gentleman from Kentucky, with whom I tun
well acquainted, having some important business
