1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Board of Admiralty—Mr. Rice.
Ho. 03? Reps.
a fleet over here, bringing some of her most ac-
complished officers, that they might acquaint them-
selves with the nature and character and proba-
ble results of these wonderful, improvised systems
and implements of American naval warfare? Nor,
sir, need I remind you or the honorable gentle-
man from Maryland that the imperial Govern-
ment of Russia, sitting apart at the head of the
eastern continent, overlooking it and ourselves,
studying, watching, observing closely and anx-
iously the naval progress of all the naval Powers
of the world—that the Russian Government, im-
mediately after learning of the trial of one of these
monitor vessels, ordered thirteen of them con-
structed to take their places as an efficient part
of the Russian navy. And, sir, if need be, let
me inform the gentleman from Maryland and
everybody else, that for such results it was that
the naval officers of that great Power came by the
boards of admirality of Great Britain and by the
better naval organization of France, over here,
across the Baltic and across the Atlantic ocean,
to study here, upon American soil and in Ameri-
can waters, the nature and character of American
ships and of American ordnance, and the ways
and means by which such gigantic results have
been produced in so short a period of time.
Sir, the honorable gentleman from Maryland,
directed his animadversions also against another
class of vessels, the double-enders, or ferry-boats,
as he was pleased to term them, but which every-
body else recognizes as gunboats, constructed to
meet the new exigencies which had arisen in the
progress of this war. Everybody knows that
this war has been mainly a defensive war—so far
as foreign nations have been concerned, entirely
so. It is known also that it has been necessary,
in the prosecution of the war by the Navy, that
there should be classes of vessels suited to a great
variety of purposes and uses, and among others,
that vessels especially were wanted that should
be able to move into the rivers and into the shal-
low harbors of the southern coast. It is known
also that when a vessel gets up into a river it
takes agreat deal of time to turn about, and that
there are exigencies that would prevent its turn-
ing about, and all means of escape be conse-
quently cut off. Hence it was that these vessels
were constructed with double bows, in order that
rather than wait perhaps under the fire of aw en-
emy the time necessary to turn, or rather than
be placed perhaps in a position where they could
not turn, they might be able to retiie without de-
lay and without molestation. And those vessels
have been among the most successful ships of the
Navy.
Sir, it was told us some time ago, just as the
gentleman has told us this morning, that the Dic-
tator will not run over six knots an hour; it was
told us that there was not a new vessel in the
Navy that would make more than six or seven
knots an hour. Well, sir, when the Committee
on Naval Affairs undertook the investigation in-
stituted by the resolution of the honoiuble gen-
tleman from Maryland, there were two naval ves-
sels frozen in by the ice at the Washington yard.
By direction of the committee, I immediately no-
tified the Secretary of the Navy that the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs would require one or both of
those vessels before they should leave the Poto-
mac river, in order that a practical test of their
speed might be made. 1 learned on inquiry that
those vessels were the Sassacus and the Eutaw,
two of this very lot of forty-seven double-enders
to which the honoiable gentleman from Maryland
has alluded. Finding that they were duplicates
of each other, and that it was useless to try the
same thing over twice, I said to the Secretary
that it would answer the purpose of the commit-
tee to try oneof those vessels. Said he, " Which
"will you have?'5 Speaking entirely at random,
for I knew nothing whatever of the vessels, I
chanced to say, "We will take the Eutaw "
And, sir, we took that vessel. 1 then said to the
Navy Department that the committee would wish
to have upon this vessel, during this trip, some
practical engineer who is independent of the Navy
Department and beyond the scope of its influ-
ence, and who would be competent to watch all
the manipulations of the ship, the performance of
her machinery m every particular, and able to re-
port to the committee fairly and intelligibly con-
cerning her performance. The services of an
experienced practical engineer from the city of
New York were secured, a gentleman who had
constructed a vessel with which it was said no
vessel of the Navy could successfully compete in
speed. He accompanied the Committee on Na-
val Affairs and other gentlemen on that trial trip
of the Eutaw down the Potomac river. Further
than that, the committee were determined that
the test should be made with such accuracy and
such guarantees that the result should be beyond
mistake; and we sent to the Coast Survey, ask-
ing the head of that department to detail officers
with the proper charts and instruments to enable
them to determine the distances run and the speed
made from point to point. With that engineer to
inspect the performance of the vessel, and with
those officers of the Coast Survey to mark the
distances and note the time, that experiment was
made, and I have submitted to this House the
official reports of those gentlemen upon that sub-
ject. They state that a vessel that could do noth-
ing—that vessel that was a " failure," as forty-
six others are, according to the honorable gentle-
man from Maryland—made a speed of 13^ knots
an hour, equal to sixteen miles per hour. I have
no reason to believe that her speed was greater
than that of many others belonging to her class.
There is the practical test made by a committee
of this Congress, a committee of this House, ap-
pointed by us authority, and acting in obedience
to its instructions. That is the result testified to
by an accomplished engineer having no connec-
tion whatever with the Navy Department, and an
officer who belongs to the Coast Survey office,
and, so far as 1 know, having no partialities and
no ends to subserve elsewhere.
Now, sir, I do not think it necessary for me to
pursue and answer,in tedious detail, all thecom-
piaints made, whether in Congress or out of Con-
gress, by men who, instead of elevating their
minds to the consideration of the gigantic and
successful achievements of the Navy and the best
means of sustaining them, muse only in dissatis-
faction, seeking for those things alone which they
may visit with hostile criticism. Suffice it to say
that during the progress of the investigation and
in obedience to the instructions of this House in
respect to these ships, and especially in respect
to the machinery of those ships upon which the
honorable gentleman has dilated, the committee
spared neither time nor labor in examining every
witness who was summoned before us. Some of
them were before us two or three weeks, and the
committee sat and heard their statements, and I
hazard noLhing in saying that a more triumphant
vindication of any man or any Department was
never made than is made by the testimony and
the evidence gathered under that investigation.
Such is the opinion of the committee.
ThehonorabJegentleman from Maryland would
have us believe that there have been great and im-
portant changes made in the cunsti uction of the
vessels and the machinery of our Navy. I have
already said something of the differences in the
construction of the vessels. I have also intimated
the difference which has taken place in the con-
struction of ordnance, so that instead of scat-
tering guns all around the side of a vessel, we
compress the equivalent into ten, fifteen, and
twenty-inch guns. And if the gentleman wants
to know something else besides what he has men-
tioned which cannot be found anywhere else ex-
cept in the United States, i can tell him two things
which he cannot find elsewhere, and those are the
fifteen arid the twenty-inch guns. I can tell him
that that filteen-mch gun and that twenty-inch
gun, which he cannot find anywhere else, is pre-
cisely the instrument and the only instrument on
the face of this earth which will shoot through or :
crush in the sides of any naval vessel not sailing
under the flag of the United States. And they
can only be floated on the monitor, for the reason
that in building a broadside vessel two or three
hundred feet in length, and standing anywhere
from twelve to fifteen feet out of water, in order
to put upon her side a sufficient weight of metal
to render her impervious to shot, you would get
on so much weight as to send her to the bottom;
whereas in the monitor vessel there is but little
length compared with this broadside vessel, and
instead of standing many feet out of water, she
only stands a few inches out of water. There-
fore, while the English cannot put upon their
broadside vessels more than from four and a half
to six inches of iron, through which we can shoot
and crush their sides, we are able to support
twelve and fourteen inches of iron upon so much
of the sides of the monitor as are exposed to the
shots of the enemy. And then our great guns
are not distributed upon the broadside or deck of
the vessel of the monitors, butare put into turrets
twenty or more feet in diameter, the sides of which
are protected by twelve or eighteen inches of iron,
which cannot be shot through by any ordnance
yet constructed.
And while upon this topic let me say a single
word in regard to these monitors which the gen-
tleman from Maryland has criticised so severely,
saying that they would " dictate" to nothing ex-
cept at'the bottom of the ocean. Would it be
very marvelous, if in the excitement and under
the tremendous pressure of this war, the Navy
Department, or the engineers of the country,
should sometimes make a mistake?
Where is the man who has angelic wisdom,
who goes to the fountain of all knowledge and
dips out of its plenitude that measure which shall
guaranty him against the common accidents and
the common fallibilities of human nature? Tell
me where the man is, what his name is, and then
I shall perhaps be able to cite to you a man who
can undertake a great and gigantic and untried
experiment, prosecuted under unparalleled diffi-
culties, and find no possibility for improvement
on his first effort.
Now, sir, it is no extraordinary thing for a ves-
sel to have a greater draught of water than she
wa3 designed to have. It is no extraordinary
thing, as I am told, in vessels, whether they be
built for the Navy or the commercial marine, that
there should be some slight variation from the
calculations in that respect. Is that such an un-
paidonable sin, then, as to call for the arraignment
of a Department of this Government, as that it
should be held up for censure here in the Con-
gress of the United States before the people of the
country and before the people of the world—some
of them already sufficiently hostile to us and to
our purposes? is it so great a crime that the Navy
Department, or those acting for it, should on one
occasion or more, have made a small miscalcula-
tion of draught of water in the construction of a
new and untried class of vessels?
But what does this error amount to? Why, it
amounts to this, that these monitor vessels, which
were designed to draw some six or seven feet of
water, drew, if 1 recollect aright, some twelve or
fifteen inches more than they were designed to
draw ? That fact was discovered when the first of
these vessels was launched, and in season for the
correction of the error mall butfive; thesefivewere
taken for special use as torpedo boats. If they had
not been applied to that use vesselswould have had
to be constructed forthatpurpose. What is the real
importance of the mistake m constructing these
vessels? It is not that they are ruined. It is that
they must have on their sides one or two more
courses of iron, just precisely as if a man were
building a house one and a half story high, and
should find when he got it along tolerably well
toward completion that it would be more con-
venient and better suited and perhaps necessary
to his purpose if he were to raise the roof a little
higher and make it a complete two-story house.
That is the sum of the matter. A few courses ♦
of iron have been added to the sides of these ves-
sels, carrying their decks up higher, increasing
their tonnage very materially, and involvingan in-
creased cost of about eighty-four thousand dollars
apiece. That, sir, is what the mistake of these
light-draught monitors amounts to.
And now, Mr. Chairman, to bring these re-
marks to a close, although I have by no means
exhausted the subject, i desire to call the atten-
tion of the committee to the fact that, in the long
investigation which the Naval Committee had in
reference to the construction of the engines and the
boilers and the condensers and the valve gear in
this naval machinery, they were found to be in ac-
cordance, for the most part, with the best authori-
ties, with the best testimony; not only up to but
surpassing the vessels which nad been previously,
built m the Navy, so far as they were tested by
