APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 4,
,38th Cons....2d Sess.
Board of Admiralty—Mr, Pike.
IIo. oe BEI>s.
.theirspeed. And that is one way, T take it,in which
we are to bring this question of ships and of ma-
chinery in ships to a pracrical test, i say here, as
ftheresultof investigation,that there is an increase
of speed in the vessels built since over those built
before the accession of the present Administration.
Not only that> but I say that the vessels yet com-
pleted and put into service are not, according to
ibis investigation, the vessels that have been built
.for the special accomplishment of speed*, and 1
h&zard nothing in saying that when those being
built with that object are put into service, we will
probably have the fastest as well as the most for-
midable defensive navy m the world.
Now it seems to me to be a very strange time
and a verjr singular selection of opportunity, after
our experience in this war, to summon up here to
the judgment of the country, for condemnation
and censure by Congress and the country* the
Navy Department of the United States. Why,
sir, from the wry dawn of Uiin rebellion the Navy
has been in efficient service, it haw bcjn created
from four ships up to six hundred and seventy-
one ships. The gentleman fiom Maryland [Mr.
Davis] has called the attention of the House 10 the
vast expenditure of money, the wasteful squan-
dering of large sums, upon what he characterizes
as useless and unavailable ships of the Navy. Sir,
let me tell you that according to Bi nish authoi ity
this American Navy has been created, has been
put afloat and armed, and the Department car-
Tied on at an expense of less by $5,000,000 than it
cost Great Bi itain to maintain her fleet during the
same period of time, though she has been at peace.
These two examples illustrate the practical work-
ing of our system and theirs. The British navy
is conducted by a Board of Admiralty whose de-
fects are sufficiently described by their own peo-
ple as attended by delays, divided councils, and
the lack of economy and of executive power,
it results from the fact that they are following old
examples, and England regards what France
does, and France regards what England does;
.whereas we huv« a navy organization that is vi-
talized, that is responsible, thatwets upon the spur
of the moment; and because it is able to seize the
earliest opportunities unci the best, facilities for
supplying its vva nIk, may bo always ready to meet
exigencies and perils n« they uriso. And I think
I hazard nothing in saying, in the presence of the
facts, that there are claims now before the Naval
Committee, from the manufacturers of the ma-
chinery of our Navy, asking for lerminerdtiou in
the sum of millions of dollais which they have
lost, because the bargains of the Navy Depart-
ment were made so close, were so nicely scruti-
nized, that they have not been able under the exi-
gencies of the war to do the work they contracted
for at the estimated cost. Here we are to-day
called upon virtually to pass a vote of censure upon
the Navy Department, and to put it under the sur-
veillance of an independent legalized board, in the
presence of all that it has accomplished, whether
it be in the construction of ships or in the achieve-
ment of victories.
Why, sir, as I have already said, from the
dawn of the rebellion until now the Navy has
been every wheie that itcould be,arid always has
done glorious and etficientservice. The Missis-
sippi and its tributaries are open to commerce
again; every port for blockade runners upon the
Atlantic and the Gulf has been closed; all the
strongholds seized by the enemy upon the coast
► have been recovered, and nearly every corsair
driven from the ocean. The Navy was at Hat-
teras,at Port Royal, at Charleston, at island No.
10, at Fort Donelson, at Fort Henry, at Shiloh,
at Memphis, at Yicksburg,at Arkansas Post, at
Port Hudson, atMobile Bay, and at Fort Fisher.
And in all those places it added radiance to the
American name, and glory to the American naval
history, which ao lapse of time shall be enabled
to obliterate. It has placed upon the imperish-
able record of fame, to be transmitted amid the
plaudits of mankind to the latest generations, such
names as Stnngham, and Foote, and Du Pont,
and Farragut,and Goldsborough,and Porter,and
Dahi&ren, and Rodgers,and Rowan, and Davis,
and Winslow, and Gushing* and. 1 should con-
sume the day if I attempted to name them all.
Their reputation is secure in history; it is secure
in the hearts of their countrymen ^and wheu the
final history of this war shall be written out, and
the comparison shall be made of the manner in
which the different Departments of this Govern-
ment have executed the high and laborious and
responsible trusts committed to them, faithful and
earnest as they have been, there will not be one
of them that will stand brighter, or that will be
more loudly or warmly commended by our suc-
cessors, than will the Navy Department. And,
sir, I cannot think that the well-earned fame of
the naval service, this just meed of praise, will
be diminished or obscured by any gentleman,
however lofty his standing or however brilliant
his abilities, who asks you, in the light of these
facts, to put over your Navy Department a board
of administration which shall be a change with-
out improvement, or who cites to you the fact
that, in the accomplishment of the gigantic labors
that have fallen to the lot of that Department, it
made a mistake in regard to the draught of a mon
itor, or an alleged but not admitted mistake i
the construction of a double-ender.
BOARD OP ADMIRALTY.
SPEECH OF HON. P. A. PIKE,
OF MAINE,
In the House of Representatives,
Februanj 4,1865.
The House having returned the consideration oftiie bill
making appropriations for the naval service for tlie year
ending the yoth ot June, 1S66, and the amendments there-
to—
Mr. PIKE said:
Mr. Chairman: The gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Davis] asked yesterday why theNavalCom-
mittee had not at least reported the proposition
which he had submitted to it He said,and cor-
rectly, that lie applied to members of tliateommit-
tee to have a report, whether it were in favor of
or opposed to his proposition. If the gentleman
means to treat the Naval Committee fairly, he
should have stated further that that committee
took up that measure at once. I was one of the
persons to whom he applied, and the day after
his application to me that measure waa taken up
in the Naval Committee. It was them discussed
and put in tram for report; but from that day to
ihis ihere has been no opportunity wln-n, under
Llie rules of the House, that eommitteeeould make
a report. And that was the reason,and the sole
reason, why the report has not been made. The
gentleman from Maryland had not the slightest
reason to accuse the "Naval Committee of an in-
tention to smother his bill.
The gentleman further said that the Naval Com-
mittee, in their action on his bill, reflected the
views of the Navy Department, as if the only de-
sire of that committee was to register the decrees
of that Department. 1 suppose the gentleman
would not make that statement unless he had
some evidence to sustain.it; but for myself, as a
member of that committee, while 1 am far from
considering it a crime to act in conjunction with
that Department on this or any other measure, I
have never had any conversation with the Secre-
tary or the Assistant Secretary of the Navy upon
the subject, and 1 do not know to-day whether
they are in favorof or opposed to this bill. I do
not know how it may. be with the other members
of that committee in reference to the opinions
they hold on the subject; but [ have no doubt
that they have acted with equal independence of
the Navy Department. And as to the gentleman
from Maryland, I do not know what his relations
are with the Navy Department, further than from
the indication he gave yesterday and last session
i was led to suppose that they are unfriendly. 1
say, with all respect to him, that I neither know
nor care whether he is friendly or unfiiendly to
the gentleman at the head of the Navy Depart-
ment.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. The gentleman
does not mean to make, of course, reference to
my relations with the Navy Department.
Mr. PiKE. I have said that I know nothing
about them except what he stated in his place
here. He said further, by way of illustration,
that the Naval Committee had spent a large por-
tion of their time—so I understood him—at the
last session running around the country to find a
location for a navy-yard,and that that matter had.
better be committed to professional hands; which
is doubtless true. But let me state that I, sir, as
a member of that committee, took part in that ex-
amination, or most of it; and I will say to the gen-
tleman and to the House that, although I did at-
tend the committee on a trip to look at a site for
a navy-yard, and came back wiLh that committee,
1 was absent during the whole of the last session
onlyone single sittingofthe House upon the busi-
ness of searching for a site for a navy-yard.
Such allegations, sir, by the distinguished gen-
tleman from Maryland seemed to me to call for a
reply; for a gentleman who can be so careless in
his statement of facts about his associate members
upon this floor, can hardly expect that his state-
ment upon other and more important matters
shall be implicitly relied upon.
But ail these matters are personal and unimpor-
tant. The gentleman from Maryland propounded
a grave question to this House, ami that was,
"Have we a Navy?"—a question not to be an-
swered by eloquence nor by brilliantdeclamation.
If it were, I should decline to interpose my rude
speech. But, sir, a ship-of-war is, as Mr. Carlyle
says, a " great fact." Ay, sir, a peifect ship-of-
%ar is a great fact which has been sought for by
till maritime nationsforcentuiies;and it is because
it rests among facts and not among theories, that
1 propose to discuss briefly the important question
he has propounded.
The gentleman says that not only have we no
consideiable Navy, but we have no organization
by which that result can be brought about. That
is a statement of fact, which, if true, in view of
the not improbable contingencies ofa foreign war,
it is well for this House now and hereto discuss,
in oi der to ascertain whether the allegation be cor-
rect.
ltisa preliminary question whetheror not there
is an organization that in the future can produce
a respectable Navy. The gentleman from Mary-
land has produced his plan. Here it is: a boaid
of naval administration which is to be a panacea
for all the ills under which we now suffer. I
hold in my hand the original measure, but which
I understand has been modified somewhat since.
It provides that the vice admiial and four other
officers of the Navy shall constitute'a boaid, and
that that board shall have the ad vising of the con-
struction and management of the Navy.
It is proposed to make this board permanent,
for the smaller experiments which have been tried
from time to time in the Navy Department, and
which is an ordinary and almost daily means of
obtaining ihe opinion of an advisory boaid, will
not satisfy the gentleman. He must have this a
permanent board, under the appointment of the
President and sanction of the Senate. So he would
retire our distinguished vice admiral from active
service, and take him and four or five other dis-
tinguished officers of the Navy and lay them up
in ordinary here, imposing upon them simply the
duty of advising the Secretary of the Navy, which
advice he may or may not be expected, in his dis-
cretion, to follow. In addition to the serious ob-
jection of retiring so many good officers, we can
readily imagine the conflicting views which will
arise, the discordant councils, and the balancing
and shifting of responsibility from the head of the
Navy Department to the naval boaid, and back
again from the naval board to the Secretary of
the Navy. Either one or the other of them must
be responsible. It will not be as it is now, where
you have provided your Secretary of the Navy
with heads of bureaus who shall advise him of all
the details of their particular departments. If the
Secretary desires to contract fora ship he goes to
the head of the Bureau of Construction, of whom
Admiral Du Pont said, "The nation is largely
indebted to him for his valuable services in con-
structing our best vessels, and under any other
form of government he would long ago have been
knighted."
If the Secretary wishes to contract for the con-
struction of an engine he applies to the head of
the bureau whose special duty it is to attend to
that particular thing. If he wants to act in other'
directions, he inquires of the admirals and other
experienced and able officers who are at the head
of the other bureaus, and taking their advice sin-
