1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
dispensed with. That is a privileged motion, the
effect of the adoption of which will be that the
session of this afternoon will be extended until
amotion to adjourn shall be adopted.
Mr. COX. I move to amend so as to provide
that all the evening sessions be dispensed with.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot be en-
tertained. The House has resolved by unani-
mous consent that there shall be a session every
evening, unless otherwise ordered by a majority
of the House.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. I rise to propound an in-
quiry to the Chair. The House having passed a
resolution for evening sessions, can that resolu-
tion be repealed in this way?
The SPEAKER. The terms of the resolution
provided that there should be a session every
evening, unless otherwise ordered; the intention
being that, as during last session, a majority
should dispense with the evening session when
they saw fit.
The motion of Mr. Morrill was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As I was stating, I
told the Sergeant-at-Arms that I was not able to
get up and come to the House, which was true.
I dislike, Mr. Speaker, to make excuses on ac-
count of the state of my health; and I know that
when I tell the House that I have had for several
days past that ignoble malady, the fever and ague,
I shall not get very much sympathy. I have been
taking medicine every day for several days for
the chills and fever. Last evening 1 was not well.
Mr. ARNOLD I move that my colleague be
unconditionally excused.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman was here a
part of last evening. I desire to ask him whether,
oil leaving the House, he asked permission to
retire?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. 1 suggest that the fact that
my colleague is at large isprtma/acieevidence that
lie has paid his fine.
Mr. GARFIELD. I regret to ask the House
to allow me to make an amendment of the mo-
tion. It seems to me that this is one of the clearest
cases of positive contempt of the authority of the
House that has yet come before us, and I move
that the gentleman be fined twenty-five dollars in
addition to the usual fees.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to make it ten dollars.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Before I
vote on a proposition of that kind I would like
to know from the gentlemen from Illinois how he
got out of the House last night?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The doors were open.
Mr. STEVENS. If I understood the gentle-
man,after we obtained aquorum and were going
into the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union to transact business, he with others
went away and left us without a quorum, so that
we had to stay here all night.
Mr. Stevens's amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend by striking out
twenty-five dollars and providing that the Speaker
shall leprimand the gentleman. [Cries of" No!"
"No!"] Well, then, 1 withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL. I know that the gentleman
from Illinois was not well, and I move to amend
by making it five dollars.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FRANK. I move that it be made $12 50,
the same as the gentleman from Massachusetts,
who left at the same time.
The amend ment was agreed to; and the motion,
as amended, was adopted.
John- Ganson.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Gasion, you have been
absent from the session of the House without its
leave. What excuse have you to offer?
Mr.GANSON. Mr. Speaker, when I left the
House in tiie afternoon I intended to attend the
evening session; but I was detained by several
agreettble gentlemen. When they left 1 letired.
I was notified by the Seigeant-at-Arms, before
morning, that the House was still in session, and
at once prepared to come here. I called upon
Mr. Rice, of Massachusetts, on my way, and
found that he was sick. When I reached the
Capitol the House had adjourned. I returned
home again, getting there at half past four o'clock.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move that the gentleman
be excused on the payment of the usual fees.
Mr. COX. I move that he be unconditionally
excused.
The motion was disagreed to.
Mr. Broomall's motion was then agreed to.
Aaron Harding.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Harding, you have been
absent from the House without its leave. What
excuse have you to offer ?
Mr. HARDING. Mr. Speaker, although I
have attended the sessions of the House for the
last three or four days, I have notalways felt well
enough to remain till the adjournment. Last
night I felt better, but was still suffering from
drsease, so that I did not deem it prudent to come
here. For the same reason I declined to accept
the invitation to attend the Postmaster General's
with the Post Office Committee.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. I move that the gentleman
be unconditionally excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Henry W. Harrington.
The Sergeant-at-Arms. Mr. Speaker, Mr.
Harrington started to come to the House, but
seeing the flag down, thought the House had
adjourned, and returned home.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that the
halyards broke this morning, and the flag had to
be taken down while the House was in session.
Mr. Harrington not being present, his case
will be reserved.
Benjamin G. Harris.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Harris, you have been
absent without the leave %f the House. What
excuse have you to offer?
Mr. HARRIS, of Maryland. Mr. Speaker,
I have labored for several days under a bad cold,
from which I have not yet recovered. I think
that it would be imprudent for me to come out
during the night. It would only be exposing my
health to do so  I was not notified by the Ser-
geant-at-Arms. Even if I had been, my health
would not have permitted me to come here.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I move thegentle-
man be unconditionally excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Wells A. Hutchins.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Hutchins, you have
absented yourself from the sitting of the House
without its leave. What excuse have you to
offer for your absence?
Mr. HUTCHINS. I was aware that night
sessions of the House had been ordered to com-
mence soon, but that there was to be such a session
last evening was a fact that had entirely escaped
my mind. By my absence I intended no disre-
spect to the House, and I was not notified of the
fact until 1 came here to-day.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move that the gentleman
be excused upon the payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Francis W. Kellogg.
The Sergeant-at-Arms stated thatMr. Kellogg
was out of the city.
Austin A. King.
The SPEAKER. Mr. 'King, you have ab-
sented yourself from the sitting of the House
without its leave. What excuse have you to
render for your absence ?
Mr. KING. I was aware that the House had
adopted a resolution for night sessions, but I ab-
sented myself out of no disrespect to the House.
The streets have been very bad to walk upon
during the last week, and in the first part of the
week I was not able to keep my feet under me,
and on one occasion fell and sprained my wrist,
and I have hardly been able to use my hand since.
After getting my dinner yesterday, at five o'clock,
I went to my own room and remained there, and
was not notified that my attendance was required
at the House. Had I been notified at any hour
of the night, I should have felt it my duty to try
to come here; but not feeling that there was an
absolute necessity for being here, 1 was not will-
ing to undertake at night to walk up these slip-
pery walks and steps which 1 have not been able
to walk with safety during the day.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I would like to
know of my colleague whether he got his fall
before or after dinner. [Laughter.]
Mr. RADFORD. I move that the gentleman
be unconditionally excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Anthony L. Knapf.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Mr. Knapp is in the city
of New York.
Francis C. Le Blond.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Le Blond, you have
absented yourself from the sitting of tne House
without its leave. What excuse fiave you to ren-
der for your absence?
Mr. LE BLOND. I was not aware that there
would be any business transacted last evening
beyond mere speech making, and therefore I re-
mained at home with my wife. I was neither sick,
nor upon any important committee, nor was I
served with any process requiring my attendance.
I did not know that my presence was needed until
I came here this morning. Had I known it I
should have come here last night.
Mr. RADFORD. I move the gentleman be
excused upon the payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Robert Mallory.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Mallory, you have
absented yourself from the sitting of this House
without its leave. What excuse have you to
render for your absence?
Mr. MALLORY. I came up to the House
last night because I understood some questions I
felt a great deal of interest in would be taken up
for consideration when the tax bill was before the
Committee of the Whole. If it had not been for
that I should not have come «t all, for I did not
feel very well. Coming here, I found the House
without a quorum, answered to my name, an\l
tried to get the House to exercise mercy toward
the delinquents; but the House was a little hard-
hearted last night, and it seems they are disposed
to be a little hard this morning. As the evening
advanced, not feeling very well, 1 asked leave of
the House to retire to my room. Leave was
granted; but becausel did not avail myself of the
privilege immediately, some gentleman moved to
leconsider the vote by which such leave was
granted. The vote was reconsidered, and the
leave was rescinded. [Laughter.]
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. May I
ask the gentleman by what means he left the Hall ?
Mr. MALLORY. Ah ! Mr. Speaker, I do not
think that a very pertinent question.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Massachusetts. The doors
were all closed.
Mr. MALLORY. I object to his drawing the
conclusion that because I am a member of the
Committee of Way sand Means I have mean ways.
I went out correctly.
Mr. HOLMAN. This beingan unusual case,
I move the gentleman be excused upon paying
$12 50 and the usual fees.
Mr. MALLORY. I presume the gentleman
with his usual courtesy will permit me to get
through with my excuse.
Mr. HOLMAN. I thought the gentleman had
concluded his remarks.
Mr. MALLORY. I was about to remark that
I belonged to the Committee of Ways and Means,
or mean ways, just as gentlemen see fit to call it;
and I have a right to be absent from this House
during its sessions. But that is not my excuse.
I was unwell and left the House. If that is suffi-
cient the House can excuse me.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now make my motion,
omitting, however, the $12 50.
Mr. COX. I mustsay 1 neverin mylifeknew
my friend from Kentucky so gay and festive as
he was last night. [Laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. The gentleman from Ohio
will allow me to say that it was fictitious, some-
thing like the prosperity that exists all over our
country now. I had just left the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Ga'nson,] and the gentleman
frtfrn Ohio knows his character well enough to
know how to account for the spirit which I ex-
hibited when I came to this House.
Mr. COX. If the gentleman says it was a hec-
tic flush, I will a°;ree to let him off.
Mr. MALLORY. Oh,no! Notahectic flush.
Mr. STROUSE. I move that the gentleman be
excused unconditionally.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 move to amend that mo-
tion by adding that he be fined ten dollars in ad-
dition to the usual fees.
Mr. WADS WORTH. My colleague has been
confined to his room by indisposition, and was
here last night very indiscreetly. He ought not
to have been here.
