Mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
Mr. GARFIELD. Then I withdraw the mo-
tion.
The question was taken on Mr.STROOSE's mo-
tion, and it was agreed to. •
William H. Miller.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Miller, you have been
absent from the session of the House without
leave. What excuse have you to render for your
absence
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania. When the
House passed the resolution providing for even-
ing sessions I was detained at my home by ill-
ness. 1 left the Kouse'yesterday afternoon prior
to the recess, unwell, and remained in my room;
and I knew nothing of this call of the House un-
til this morning.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the gentleman
be unconditionally discharged.
The motion was agreed to, and Mr. Miller,
of Pennsylvania, was discharged from custody.
TAJf A P PPVT P Nnn< n
The SPEAKER. Mr. Noble, you have been
absent from the session of tire House without
leave. -What excuse have you to offer for your
absence?
Mr. NORLE. I got the impression yesterday
about the time the House adjourned that the even-
ing session would be devoted to speaking, and
nothing else. Nevertheless, I intended to come
here. But when I arrived at the hotel to get my
dinner I found tw^of my constituents there, who
demanded my personal attention lastnight in the
transaction of public business. 1 could not very
well leave them. I was, however, sufficiently in
health to be here, and meant no contempt of the
House by my absence.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The gentleman from Ohio
is almost always in his seat; I believe he has
scarcely ever been absent. I move that he be
unconditionally excused.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to amend that
motion by adding to it 41 on payment of the usual
fees."
The question was put, and on a division there
were—ayes 48, noes 35; no quorum voting.
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. Would it be in order to
move that there be a call of the House?
The SPEAKER. It would.
Mr. J. C.ALLEN. Then I make that motion.
The question was put, and the House refused
to order a call.
Mr. BROOMALL. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The question was then taken on Mr. El-
duidge's motion, and it was agreed to; and Mr.
Noble was excused unconditionally.
Godlove S. Orth.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Orth, you have been
absent from the session of the House without
leave. What excuse have you to offer for your
absence?
Mr. ORTH. I was too unwell to leave my
room last night. 1 retired at a very early hour,
nnd knew nothing of the proceedings of the
House until i got here this morning.
Mr. COX. I move that the gentleman be un-
eonditionlly excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Neiiemiaii Perry.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Perry,you have been
absent from the session of the House without
leave. What excuse have you to offer for your
absence?
Mr. PERRY, On Wednesday t received a tel-
egram from New Jersey that made it important
for me to go there. 1 left on Wednesday even-
ing in the half-past seven o'clock train for New
Jersey, and transacted the business I had to do.
Fearing that my friend Washburne would mjjive
this whisky amendment, I took the train back and
arrived here at six o'clock this morning. That is
all the excuse ! have to make.
Mr. RADFORD. 1 move that the gentleman
be excused on the payment of the usual fees.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to amend that mo-
tion so as to excuse him unconditionally.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. Radford's motion was then agreed to.
"William H. Randall.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Randall, you have
been absent from the session of the House with-
out its leave. What excuse have you to offer for
your absence?
Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker,
I do not think I have any good excuse. 1 forgot
that there was anight session, and was not absent
through any contempt of the House at all.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, in consequence
of the frankness of the avowal, I move that the
.gentleman from Kentucky be unconditionally dis-
charged.
Mr. RADFORD. I move, as an amendment,
that he be discharged on payment of the usual
fees.
The amendment was adopted; and the motion,
as amended, was agreed to.
Alexander H.*Rice.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Rice, you have been
absent from the session of the House without its
leave. What excuse have you to offer for your
absence ?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker,
for the last fortnight I have been in ill health, and
sometimes have not been able to attend the day
session of the House. During the whole of that
time I have not been out of my house on any
evening, for any purpose whatever. I was de-
tained at home by illness last night.
Mr. iNGERSOLL. 1 move that the gentleman
from Massachusetts be unconditionally excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Andrew J. Rogers.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Rogers, you have been
absent from the session of the House without its
leave. What excuse have you to offer for your
absence?
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, my understand-
ing was that there was to be nothing but speak-
ing at last evening's session; and therefore I re-
mained absent, supposing that tiiere was no ne-
cessity for my presen'ce. 1 had no notice from
the Serjeant-at-Arms.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move that the gentleman
be excused on payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
James S. Rollins.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Rollins, you have been
absent from the session of the House without its
leave. What excuse have you to offer for your
absence ?
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, (from his seat.)
Mr. Speaker 
Mr. THAYER. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman must come to the bar of the House
and answer.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the point
of order.
Mr. ROLLINS,*"of Missouri, (from the center
aisle.) Mr. Speaker 
Mr. J. C. ALLEN. 1 rise to a question of
order. The gentleman should come to the crim-
inal dock. (Laughter.]
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri, (having stepped
to the area m fiont of the Speaker's chnir.) Mr.
Speaker, I meant no disrespect to the House by
my absence lust night. I was not positively cer-
tain that there was to be an evening session. There
was some doubt in my mind on that question. I
represent a veiy excellent people—a more than
average constituency. [Laughter.] A couple of
my constituentsarrived here yesterday, and i hold
it to be the duty of a polite Representative to give
all proper attention, not only to his legislative
duties, but also to Ins constituents when they visit
this city. I felt it my duty to pay my respects
to those gentlemen last night, and finding them
very agreeable, I remained with them. That is
my excuse.
Mr. BRQOMALL. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Missouri whether he got notice last
night that the House was in session.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. I did not. I was
not notified till this afternoon by the Sergeant-at-
Arms.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move that the gentleman
be discharged on payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Robert C. Sciienck.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Sckenck, you have
been absent from the session of this House with-
out its leave. What excuse have you to offer for
your absence?
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I was present
in the House yesterday all day, and in my usual
health, being blessed with a tolerably vigorous
constitution, for which 1 am grateful. I know
there was to be an evening session, and I knew
that it was to be for the purpose of taking up and
acting on the tax bill,and not for the mere pur-
pose of debate. I determined, however, after some
inquiry, not to come last evening. I have an im-
pression, Mr. Speaker, that I am the hardest-
working man in the House of Representatives.
My committee has met every morning for the last
three weeks; and it is as much as I can do to get
my breakfast and get there punctually for the
meeting of the committee,as I always endeavor
to anticipate the arrival of the other members.
From the committee I come into the House.
Last night I felt fagged out and in need of recre-
ation and rest. Still I would not leave the House
until 1 ascertained from the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means [Mr. Stevens] that
the question of the tax upon tobacco, in*which
my constituents felt great interest, would not be
likely to come up. I am perfectly disinterested
upon that subject, for I do not use it in any shape,
either in smoking, chewing, or snuffing. Still I
have many constituents who are large producers
of that article.
Owing, therefore, not to any want of health, or
want of disposition to do my duty, but simply
because I was tired out—andl shall be glad when
the 4th of March comes, on that account—I failed
to come here last night; and I feel myself quite
as much surprised, in view of the labor I have
peiformed this session, in being tried here for
neglect of duty, as I think some gentlemen who
are trying me must fe6l that they are engaged iu
that trial.
I have no other excuse than this to offer, ex-
cept to state the circumstances attending my ab-
sence. I passed a portion of my evening away
from my lodgings with some friends. 1 then re-
turned to rtiy lodgings,and applied myself to some
letters which had to be written, and to the prepa-
ration in part of some memoranda for a bill, and
for an interview with the Secretary of War in re-
lation to some matters before the Military Com-
mittee, and I think I got to bed about two o'clock
in the morning, which is about my usual time for
retiring. The Sergeant-at-Arms did not call upon
me or notify me that I was wanted here. This
morning, when I read in the papers that the House
was still in session when last heard from, I in-
quired of my family whether any one had called in
the course of the evening while I was out and left
any notice for me, and was told that no one had
done so. My notice from the Sergeant-at-Arms
was received in this Hall at one or two o'clock to-
day. This is my excuse for my absence.
Mr. WILSON. 1 suppose that theabsenceof
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] was
owing to the fact that he feels great anxiety to
have the business of the House advanced, in or-
der that we may have a call of committees, wJiich
will afford an oppoitunity to the Committee oil
Military Affairs to submit their reports. 1 sup-
pose that will account for his absence from the
House, and it seems to me that it is a good excuse.
Mr. ODELL. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sciienck] says he was absent on account of his
position on a very hard-working committee. I
only desiie to say that other gentlemen who are
on that same hard-working committee were here
all last night. I do not think that the gentleman
should be unconditionally excused, but that he,
like others, should be required to pay the usual
fees.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move that the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] he excused
upon payment of the usual fees.
Mr. HOLMAN. Would it be in order to add
the words " in view of the remarks of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Sciienck,] the Chair be di-
rected to administer a nnld censure to him for the
manner in which he spoke of his judges," who
are known to be very industrious gentlemen?
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The Chairsupposes thegen-
tlermtn from Indiana [Mr. Holman] does not pro-
pose to press his motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I supposed the gentleman
was criticising- his judges rather severely.
Mr. SCHENCK. I disclaim any purpose of
that kind. 1 was not aware that the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] would apply my re-
marks to himself.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will withdraw the motion
to amend.
