1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
The question was upon the motion of Mr. Rice,
of Massachusetts, to excuse the gentleman upon
the payment of the usual fees.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move to amend so as to
excuse unconditionally.
The amendment was rejected.
The motion of Mr. Rice, ofMassachusetts, was
then adopted.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that all those
members who were not here at all last night be
excused unconditionally, and all those who were
here until one o'clock be fined ten dollars each.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that that motion is notm order.
JohnG. Scott.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Scott, you have been
absent fiom the session of this House without
its leave. What excuse have you to render to
the House for your absence?
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. Speaker, several of my
friends were in the city yesterday on very import-
ant business. They expected to leave to-day,
and desired that I should see them last night. I
called upon them,and returned to my room atten
o'clock. I received notice at twelve o'clock to-
day from the Sergeant-at-Arms. The business
upon which my friends came here was very im-
portant, and it was necessary that I should -see
them last night.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move that the gentleman
be excused upon paying the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Rufus P. Spalding.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Spalding, you have
been absent from the session of the House with-
out us leave. What excuse have you to render
for your absence?
Mr. SPALDING-. Mr. Speaker, I never at
any time absent myself willingly from the ses-
sions of this House. I have for some days, per-
haps I might say for some weeks, been suffering
from a severe cold. I attended the House yes-
terday from twelve o'clock until the recess at half
past four. I really was not able to come during
the evening session; but I was impressed with
the importance of aiding in the examination of the
bill from the Committee of Ways and Means, the
internal revenue bill, and 1 did come punctually
at seven o'clock. My purpose was to lemaiii
during the whole session of the House. I staid
heie for some six hours, with very much discom-
fort to myself. X asked the Speaker once whether
I could retire, but he said that the rules would not
permit it. 1 stayed until the proceedings under
the first call were dispensed with. It was then
aboutone o'clock. The doors were opened. I sup-
posed that then the proceedings of the House were
substantially ended. I had no idea but that the
House would, within five or ten minutes,adjourn,
and as I had tp walk from the Capitol to Seventh
street, the cars having ceased to run, I went out
in advance, as I supposed, of the House, with no
intention to contemn the House, but for the pur-
pose of getting as speedily as 1 could to my lodg-
ings, where I knew I ought to be. If I had re-
mained here during the subsequent sitting of the
House, I do notbelieve that I could have attended
here to-day.
I should perhaps have asked permission of the
House before leaving; but I did not consider it
necessary. It was lather a thoughtless acton
my part to go away without asking permission;
but I felt the necessity of going; so as soon as the
doors were opened I did go.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question: whether it was not suggested to him,
as he was about to go, that if he would remain
for two or three minutes the question would be
taken on the business before the House,and that
then we could have an adjournment?
Mr. SPALDING. I have no recollection of
that; it may have been so.
Mr. KELLEY. I have a very distinct recol-
lection of having made that suggestion.
Mr. SPALDING. If so, I replied that I could
not remain longer. I was almost in a condition
to sink in my seat.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not suppose that
any gentleman knew that the business would be
concluded in two or three minutes.
Mr. KELLEY. I gave such notice to the gen-
tleman, and received from him a very angry and |
indignant answer.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I heard the
gentleman from Ohio remark, as he left the Hall,
that, unless he left immediately, he did not believe
he would be able to come here to-day.
Mr. COX. As my colleague has stated that
he was so ill Inst night that he felt ready to sink
in his seat, I think that he should be uncondi-
tionally excused, as have been others who were
sick.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I know that the gentle-
man came here last night when he really should'
have remained away.
Mr. RADFORD. I move that the gentleman
be excused on paying a fine of$12 50, in addition
to the usual fees.
Mr. DAVIS, of New York. I desire to ask
whether the gentleman from Ohio asked permis-
sion to absent himself from the House.
Several Members. He has said that he did not.
The question recurred on Mr. Radford's mo-
tion.
Mr. ROSS. I move to amend by making it five
dollars.
Mr. COX. I hope that this police court busi-
ness will stop.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to amend that he be
excused on the payment of the usual fees.
The amendment was agreed to.
The motion, as amended, was then adopted.
John T. Stuart.
The Sergeant-at-Arms stated that Mr. Stuart
was reported to be absent from the city.
L. D. M. Sweat.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Sweat, you have been
absent from the sitting of the House without its
leave. What excuse have you to offer?
Mr. SWEAT. Mr. Speaker, when I left the
House yesterday afternoon I was aware there
would be an evening session, but it was not my
purpose to attend it, neither would it be my pur-
pose to attend this evening if there were to be a
session, because for the past week 1 have been
laboring under such a severe cold that it would
be not only imprudent but unsafe to have ex-
posed myself. I was not confined to my room.
1 will add that I received no notification that my
presence was desired.
Mr. DAWSON I move that the gentleman be
unconditionally excused.
The motion was agreed to.
Robert B. Van Valkenborgh.
The SPEAKER. M r. Van VALKEXfBt;RGH,you
have been absent from the House without its
leave. What excuse have you to offer ?
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH. Mr. Speaker,
I have no excuse to offer. I have been unwell
for a few days, but was able to be here.
Mr. ROLLINS, of Missouri. Was the gen-
tleman sick ?
Mr. VAN VALKENBURGH, I was able to
attend, but did not deem it prudent. When the
gentleman has paid his fine 1 will answer all of
his questions.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the gentleman
be excused on the payment of the usual fees.
The motion was agreed to.
Edwin H. Webster.
The Sergant-at-Arms stated that Mr. Web-
ster had been present, but had been called to
attend Senator Hicks who was lying danger-
ously ill.
William G. Steele.
The SPEAKER. Mr. Steele, you have been
absent from the House without its leave. What
excuse have you to offer?
Mr. STEELE, of New Jersey. Mr. Speaker, I
was present last evening until about one o'clock.
I had been suffering some two hours prior to that,
and as soon as the call was suspended I went
home, not believing that there would be another
call. I could not have remained longer.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that thegentleman be
unconditionally excused.
The motion was agreed to.
TheSPEAICER. Thecall has been concluded.
Mr. GARFIELD. I submit the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That Hon. E. B. Washboiine, in leaving the
Hall without permission, pemlinsj a call ot the House, at
Its session Tuesday evening, February 9, was guilty of
disorderly conduct, and de&eives the censure of the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH: I do nofdrideriitand
that that is a question of privilege", orthatgfiing
out of the House constitutes' disorder.
M r. MORRILL, l suggests as thegentleman
from Illinois is not present, that the resolution
be withdrawn. , -
The SPEAKER. The ChsiHCoftfce^Ptofcn
that it is a question of privilege,asacliarge is'macla
by one member against another fo'rviolatin'gthe
rules of the House.
Mr. GARFIELD. Inasmuch as'thegentfemtirt
from Illinois is not present, I mov.e' that' tjie far-
ther consideration ofthfc resolution be poiftponSd
until one o'clock to-morrow'.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It must be sttbrfutte'd
to the House whether it is a questioifof privilege.
The SPEAKER. In a case where the' Chair
doubts, he has the right to submit it"; but herd'tha
Chair holds this to be a question of priWe|j4,ais a
charge is made by one member against another.
The Chair expresses no opinion whether the fact
is true or not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move- that the reso-
lution be laid on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGrE. I move that the'HouSe do
now adjourn.
Mr, J. C. ALLEN. If we adjourn what be-
comes of the resolution ?' ' .'
The SPEAKER. As the House has resolved
that there shall be a morning hour every' day
except Monday, it will'cdme up to-morrow after
the morning hour.
Mr. MORRILL. I think we had better hava
a vote u pon this to-night, and not consume ajiq'ther
day with this matter.
Mr. ELDRIDGrE. I move that tlie Hpuse di 
now adjourn.
The mstion was agreed to.
The House accordingly (at twenty minutes
past five o'clock, p. m.) adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, February 11, 1865. 1
Prayer by Rev. B, H- Nadal, D. D.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, and by unanimous
consent, the reading of the Journal was dispensed
with.
COMMITTEE SERVICE. '
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed Mr.
Ramsey to supply the vacancy on the Committee
to Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses of
the Senate occasioned by the absence- of Mr.
Harding.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of State, trans-
mitting, in obedience to law, a report on the com-
mercial relations of the'United States with foreign
nations for the year ending September 30, 1864.
Mr. MORGAN. It has heretofore been neces-
sary to pass a resolution of the Senate in relatioa
to the number of copies to be printed of this doc-
ument, but by the fifth section of the act passed at
the last session to facilitate and expedite the pub-
lic printing, the number to be printed is provided
for. No motion to print is necessary, therefore.
I move that the communication lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid before
the Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating the report of the commission ap-
pointed under the joint resolution of Congress,
approved June 30, 1864, " to select the most ap-
proved site for a navy-yard or naval station on
the Mississippi river, or upon one of its tribu-
taries," and recommending an appropriation to'
covertheexpensesofthecommission; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and
ordered to be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of the Interior transmitting the estimates
of the superintendent of the southern superintend-
ency for feeding the refugee Indians for the first
and second quarters of 1865, and for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1866,and recommending the ap-
propriation asked for; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
CREDENTIALS PRESENTED.
Mr. CLARK presented the credentials of Hon.
Aaron H. Cragin, chosen by the Legislature of
