1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Board of Admiralty—Mr. Pike.
Ho. of Reps.
four ships in the British navy. The matter ap-
peared in Parliament, and adistinguishedgentle-
man on the floor said, referring to that combat,
that they had no navy. The chairman of one of
their committees to examine into the matter of
iron-clads, Sir John C. Hay, said:
" Tiie man who goes into action in a wooden ship is a
fool, and the man who sends him there is a villain."
Of course, sir, if England had no navy she could
not for a moment think of interfering in our war.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. Admiral Farra-
gut took Mobile with wooden ships.
Mr. PIKE. He declined to make the attack
until he obtained the iron-clads.
Mr. DAVIS, of Maryland. But he made the
attack with wooden vessels.
_ Mr. PIKE. But it was the heavy guns of the
iron-clads that disabled the Tennessee, and that
determined the result of the naval fightin the bav
of Mobile.
Well, sir, that fight in Hampton Roads saved
us from intervention at that time. But subse-
quently the pendulum of public opinion swung
the other way. The numerous criticisms upon
iron-clads and upon the monitor system depressed
the public mind as much as it had been previ-
ously elevated, and it came to the conclusion,
particularly after the attack on Charleston, that
the monitors were of comparatively little conse-
quence. A similar revolution of public opinion
took place in England, and that princely conceit
which had been temporarily dethroned after the
fight at Hampton Roads resumed its usual sway
in the Biitish mind. They came to the conclu-
sion that there need be no fear of the American
iron-clads, and that the exaggerated importance
attached to them was mainly in consequcnce of
Yankee bragging.
So the British Government allowed Mr. Laird
to go on and build iron-clad vessels for the rebel
service. Mr. Adams, our minister, applied to
Lord John Russell to put a stop to it, but he failed
to satisfy Lord John by his testimony. Mr.
Adams furnished further testimony, but still lie
failed to convince the British minister. In the
mean time the fight occurred in the Savannah
river, where the Atlanta, built upon British prin-
ciples, came out to attack one of these monitors,
the Weehawken, when the gallant John Rodgers,
by five shots from the monitor's fifteen-inch gun,
destroyed her efficiency as a vessel-of-war, and
obliged her to show the white flag. The success
of the Weehawken rang across the Atlantic, and
Lord John said they had proof enough, and the
building of British iron-clads was stopped, and
Mr. Laird was never afterward able to furnish
them to the rebels. That was a critical period in
our history, and we should never forget one of
the adjuncts by which we were able to eseape its
dangers.
Sir, I have great respect for the correspondence
of the Secretary of State. I was not of those who,
the other day, thought it was fit and wise for the
interests of this country to remove the control of
our foreign affairs from that Department at the
other end of the avenue and transfer it to this
House. But high as my respect is for the distin-
guished gentleman at the head of that Depart-
ment, and highly as I appreciate his efforts to
keep peace with England, I place a higher value
upon our humble monitor, and in my judgment
the country would make a poor exchange to swap
off a monitor for a dispatch.
Well, sir, as I said, in case of a foreign war
the first necessity is defense. I have spoken of
our means of defense and of the power of our
forty-seven monitors. Our next necessity would
be a fleet for the purpose of destroying foreign
shipping. And we have a fleet for that purpose.
Why, sir, after eliminating, as the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. Davis] did yesterday, from
our six hundred and seventy-one vessels, and
taking out those which he considered worthless,
we still have enough left to destroy all foreign
commerce. We have forty-seven doublc-enders
of about a thousand tons burden, and carrying
heavy armaments. These vessels have already
proved their efficiency in this war. They were
referred to yesterday in connection with their
^peed, and the gentleman from Massachusetts
(Mr. Rice] told you how fast they were. I have
hete a memorandum of the speed of other vessels
New Series—No. 4.
of that class besides the Eutaw, to which he re-
ferred, and it shows that they readily reach thir-
teen and thirteen and a half knots an hour—very
fast for war vessels. They have proved their value
in the fight in Mobile bay and m the attack on
Port Fisher; and we all recollect how gallantly
and efficiently the Sassacus ran into the rebel ram
Albemarle, and would have destroyed her had she
been properly supported by others of the fleet.
Here is what Admiral Porter says of them in
a recent dispatch:
" I have found the double-enders a much better class of
vessels than they have been represented to me. Indeed,
for the purpose for which they were intended (as river
boats) they are capital vessels, and have only one delect.
That is, they do not fire their guns stiaigln ahead. This
defect can be easily remedied l>y cutting a port in the how,
which any commander would be justified in doing when
the necessity arises.
" There is a wide difference between the contract double-
endeis and those built by the Government. The latter are
strong and substantial. Some of them are of great speed,
and il not quite equal in this respect to the blockade run-
ners they have proved themselves faster than the best rebel
privateers.
"Two of the doublc-enders had their boilers pierced by
shot, but that did not put a stop to their operations. Thev
were in every fight afterward, and made quite as much
speed as was necessary under one boiler, and good speed
at that.
"in action I found the batteries of these vessels veiy ef-
fective, from the fact that I could place them as close as if
was possible to go, near the shoals. Each one could bring
six heavy guns to bear from one side, which made four of
these vessels equal m broadside guns to one of the heavy
frigates, the Wabash firing twenty-three nine-inch gun's
and a one hundred and fifty-pounderpivot fiom her broad-
side, while lour double-rndersfned sixteen nine-inch guns
and eight one hundred-pounder rifle's, ot cleven-inch guns,
from a broadside, the favor in guns being on the side of the
four doublc-enders, and the stiength and power of endu-
rance being on the side of the frigates.
" For operating in rivers, for winch purpose thev were
intended,-these vessels are good, substantial ones, and could
be perfectly well adapted to the work requited of them,
with veiy little alteration, and those built by Government
can go anywhere and at any time."
Besides these doublc-enders we have forty-four
sea-going vessels of from three hundred and fifty
to nine hundred tons. Of some of the smaller of
these, such as the Yantic, Nyack, and vessels of
that class, Admiral Porter says:
"These vessels, though, have proved themseve^ a per-
fect success as steatn gunboats. They are la^t, steady at
sea, and come up in every lespect to the requirements of a
good vessel-of-war. They will all average eleven knots,
are of light draught, and will enter most of these southern
harbors at high water. I do not think that they have can-
vas enough to cruise under sail alone, and the sail is only
serviceable to them in very fresh bieezos, or in lying to in
a gale. As sea-boats these vessels are unsurpassed."
And in addition to these we have forty-four
vessels building or already built, ranging fiom
twelve hundred and fifty to three thousand seven
hundred and thirteen tons. Will not that be an
effective fleet? These vessels are built with ref-
erence to speed, and arc capable of accomplish-
ing two results, to destroy all foreign commerce
unarmed, and to fight and overcome armed ves-
sels equal or inferior, and escape from superiors.
They are in part upon the stocks and in part al-
ready launched. They embody the true idea of
a cruiser, to fight or run as they deem best. If
they do not make fifteen knots an hour they will
disappoint everybody concerned in them, and if
they make anything near that they will be smarter
than any vessel in the British navy, while they are
of sufficient size to carry a most formidable aima-
ment.
Sir, compare the destruction caused by the
Alabama alone, a vessel of very ordinary capa-
city, with the immense destruction that would be
effected by any one of these powerful cruisers,
and it is not extravagant to assert that this .fleet
of ours could sweep from the ocean m sixty days
after a declaration of war all the commerce of an
enemy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ASHLEY. I ask unanimous consent that
the gentleman be allowed to procced for ten or fif-
teen minutes.
No objection was made.
Mr. PIKE. Well, these are the two mostim-
portant objects to accomplish: in the first place,
to provide for our own defense; and in the second
place, to attack our adversaries.
I have spoken of these cruisers for the purpose
of attacking foreign commerce and inferior ves-
sels-of-war. I presume that we are not to repeat
the experiment that Napoleon failed to try of an
invasion of England with Boulogne as a base. I
presume that we shall not attempt the invasion of
any foreign country; but in case of a war with
any Power holding possessions on this side of the
Atlantic, it may be necessary to have vessels pow-
erful in the fight as well as cruisers. Well, sir,
we have such vessejs in our Navy. Why, sir,
besides these forty-seven monitors of the smaller
type, we have thirteen of a larger type, from fif-
teen hundred and sixty-four to thirty-two hun-
dred tons, and how effectual these vessels are we •
know from actual experiment; their power does
not rest on theory only.
Sir, I hold in my hand the published letter ot
Admiral Porter, a man who has not only a hered-
itary claim to the consideration of this nation,
but a man whose achievements have been twice
during this war of so important a character as to
receive the unanimous thanks of Congress. His
opinion is of value, and what does he say upon
the monitor system ? I know some landsmen crit-
ics object to his style of writing, but so long as
the country is as well content as now with his
style of fighting they will be lenient to any peculiar-
ities of the gallant sailor's composition. Why,
of the Monadnock, one of the smallest of this
class of monitors, he says:
"As to the Monadnock, she could ride out a gale at
anchor in the Atlantic ocean. She is certainly a most
perfect success so far as the hull and machinery are con-
cerned, and is only defective In some minor details, which
in the building of these vessels lequire the superintendence
of a thorough seaman and a practical and ingenious man.
" The Monadnock is capable of crossing the ocean alone,
(when her compasses aie once adjusted properly,) and
could destroy any vessel in the French or Biitish navy, lay
their townsuiidercontiibution, and return again (provided
she could pick up coal) without fear of being followed.
She could ceitainly clear any haibor on our coast ofbloek-
aders, in case we vveic at war with a foreign Power. As
stiong and thick as the sides of this vessel are, one heavy
.shot from Foit Fishei indented the iron on her side armor,
without, however, doing any material damage. These ves-
sels have laid five days undci a fire from Foit Fisher, an-
chored less than eight hundred yards off, and though filed
at a great deal, they wete seldom hit, and received no in-
jury, except to boats and light matter about decks, which
were pretty well cut to pieces."
Now, sir, if a little monitor of fifteen hundred
tons, and the only one of the monitors at Fort
Fisher, be it added, which was constructed in a
navy-yard, could accomplish results like this,
what may not be expected from monitors of the
larger size built upon very nearly the same plan,
but with those improvements which experience
has suggested ?
But suppose that a collision comes betwee'n war
vessel and war vessel; suppose that in a great
naval war, when it comes m the future, we are to
have a conflict between vessels buiiton the Amer-
ican pattern and vessels of English construction,
what then? No sensible man supposes these iron
monsters are to roam the seas in droves like the
cheap wooden ships of our last naval war; but
suppose they do and the conflict comes, and fleet
meets fleet? We shall have our broadside ves-
sels, the Dunderbergand the New Ironsides. The
gentleman from Maryland [Mr. Davis] says the
New Ironsides is a success. I hope so. But the
British Admiralty, as I have already said, have*
sent the Warrior, of a similar make, into dock to
be built over again. Good or bad, we shall have
these. Porter has recorded his opinion that " in .
a fight, the ironsides would be no match for the
Monadnock." Besides these we shall have our
turreted fleet—turrets covered with fifteen inches of
iron and holding guns capable of throwing masses
of iron of fourhundred and fifty pounds' weight.
When the twenty-inch guns are got afloat they will
send half a ton of metal at a discharge. Can the
Warrior and her consorts resist that? With sides
so high out of water that any gunner can hit them,
how long will these monstrous globes of iron rap
against tiie four and five-inch iron covering before
gaining admittance ? Sir, last year a single blow
from a fifteen-inch gun shivered,at the Washing-
ton navy-yard, the best six-inch plate of French
iron that could be procured. Why will it not
repeat that result in the great naval conflict?
I confess, sir, as a man who loves the sea, and
has been among vessels from boyhood, I appre-
ciate a sailor's prejudice against these ungainly
craft. I would willingly enter into convention
with all naval Powers and agree never to fight in
iron-clad ships. They reverse all one's ideas of
seamanship and destroy the poetry of the seas.
