50
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February t
38th Com... 2d Sess.
National Currency—Mr. Broomall.
Ho. ob Reps.
But itis not aquestion of sentiment—it is one of
fact. And although untried, what reason have
we to doubt the result? For one, sir, I should
look to the result of that great day in which the
hostile iron-clad navies of the world were engaged
—a day which will never come—with confidence
that the uncouth turret would come out triumph-
antover thebroadside antagonist of Europe. The
day, sir, I feel confident, would be one of " disas-
trous memory" only to the foes of the Republic.
I have not deemed it worth while to speak of
the blunders of the Navy Department. These
'general results I have spoken of are sufficient to
vindicate its management. Thatithas blundered
who doubts? But in this particular is it far in
advance of the other Departments of this Govern-
ment? And if we are to follow the English ex-
ample and put it in commission, because of blun-
ders, why not pursue it further and put all blun-
derers in commission? Where should we stop ?
'Would Congress be untouched?
Sir, let us have done with this folly and be con-
tent with a good result, and one of which the
nation should be proud, rather than pursue phan-
toms of perfection which are unattainable.
NATIONAL CURRENCY.
V
SPEECH OF HON. J. M. BROOMALL,
OP PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House of Representatives,
February 7, 18G5.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union—
Mr. BROOMALL said:
Mr. Chairman: At the last session of Congress
several attempts were made to lessen the prices
of the necessaries of life by fixing that of gold; or
rather by so regulating the dealings in gold as to
bring down the price of that article, and by that
means reducing the prices of other commodities.
Satisfied that such legislation could only result in
evil, but not wishing to occupy the time of the
House in argument, I contented myself with sim-
ply opposing the enactments with little beyond
my vote. But seeing the same measures brought
forward at the present session, and by a gentle-
man whose long experience and known abilities
would cause one to hesitate before hazarding an
opinion in opposition to his, and believing his
views to be those of many thinking and unthink-
ing people, I cannot forbear the expression of
mine. If my colleague [Mr. Stevens] is right,
I shall thereby afford myself the opportunity of
being convinced by the arguments I hope to draw
out upon that side of the question. On the other
hand, if he and those who think with him are in
error, they are in error upon a subject which,
above all others, should at this time be fully and
generally understood.
_yhere is nothing which more seriously demands
the attention of Congress than the condition of
the currency of the country. That there is a
fault somewhere all believe. That somehow the
price of gold is connected with that fault is also
universally admitted. But the nature of the con-
nection and the remedy for the fault have brought
out a strange diversity of opinion. The prices
of most of the necessaries of life have doubled
wiihin the Inst four years. Some have increased
fourfold. The expense of living is beginning to
bear hard upon men of moderate means; and
those who are living upon fixed incomes and
salaries find their slender resources diminished
in effect to a half orathird. Supplies for the Army
are obtained only atenormous rates; and no mat-
ter what margin is allowed for contingencies in
the estimates, Congress is constantly called upon
to pass deficiency bills to cover some unforeseen
rise of prices. In the mean time enormous for-
tunes are made, or apparently made, out of the
morbidly stimulated condition of trade; and the
capital thus accumulated in unaccustomed hands
finds employment in the mostextravagant living
or in the wildest speculations. The evils are
manifest enough; and if the remedy is m the
power of Congress it is quite time for us to seek
it and apply it. With this view I intend to ex-
amine some of the measures proposed to that end,
and some of the opinions expressed by gentlemen
upon this floor, and in so doing modestly to give
my own.
My colleague to whom I have already alluded,
and for whose opinions on all other subjects I
entertain the highest respect, ascribes the high
prices of everything else to the high price of gold,
und that to the infamous practices of brokers and
gamblers. In an apparent fit of despondency he
says of these practices:
"Let this conspiracy go on, making sat] havoc of the
best interests of the nation, compelling the poor and the
rich to pay three prices for the necessaiies of life, com-
pelling the Government to pay three prices for ail its sup-
plies and munitions of war, and swelling the amount of
the public debt; while we sit here bound, helpless, trem-
bling before the descendants of the sweat-cloth tribe of
money-changers who were driven from the temple.1"
All this is very pretty and eloquent; and the
earnestness of my colleague, as well as his known
probity and sincerity, would almost incline one
to think he believes the hypothesis upon which
it is. based. But a little examination will show
that hypothesis to be wholly without founda-
tion.
The theory is twofold: first, that gold gam-
bling keeps up the price of gold; and second, that
that keeps up the price of everything else. Now,
gold gambling is simply betting upon the price
at which gold will sell on some fixed future day,
though the form of it is that of purchase and sale.
A contracts with B todeliverhim §1,000in gold,
at the expiration of thirty days, for $2 40 per
gold dollar. On the day of delivery if gold lias
fallen to §2 30 A gains $100; if it has risen to
$2 50 lie loses $100; and instead of delivering the
gold he simply pays or receives, as the case may
be, the difference between the contract price and
the market price for the day. No gold passes
between the parties; none is needed, for the trans-
action is understood from its inception to be one
in which only the loss is to be paid, and that in
currency.
This is a fair illustration of the gambling which
is supposed to have so terrible an effect upon the
price of corn and gunpowder, measured in Gov-
ernment notes. Like all other gambling, it is per-
nicious enough, and is a fit subject for prohib-
itory State legislation. But, wiiie-spread as its
baneful moral influence is, its pecuniary evils
extend to few beyond the actors themselves; their
aim and end is to cheat one another and such
unwary strangers as they can delude into then-
clutches. We shall only mislead ourselves if we
endeavor to find the cause of high prices in the
gambling dens of New York.
I repeat, there is no form of gold gambling tlujt
is not resolvable into betting upon the price of
gold on a future day; and I have failed to see how
this, in itself, can affect the price of gold, any
more than betting upon the weather can make any
future day wet or dry, warm or cold. The pro-
cess requires no gold for its performance. It
creates neither demand nor supply. It has no
bearing whatever upon any of the elements of
price.
It will be answered, however, that B, in my
illustration, has an interest in causing an increased
price of gold at the end of the thirty days, and
that he will combine with others who have made
similar contracts to enhance the price. This I
grant, and this consideration leads me to say that
gambling, of itself, has no effectupon the price of
gold. The evils are usually ascribed to the prac-
tices of the parties during the running of their
contract. B will of course combine with others
to put up the price. But in the mean time what
will A, and those who have made similar contracts
to his, do? Simply combine to bring down the
price.
Now, it must be borne in mind that for every
one who has contracted to deliver gold at a given
price on a future day, somebody has contracted
to receive it. It may therefore be fairly estimated
that one half the gamblers are constantly striving
to put gold up and the other half to bring it down;
and who shall say which will outmaster the other,
the bulls or the bears, at any given point of time?
Sometimes one class succeeds to a small extent,
sometimes the other; but in a series of cases, as
well as in many individual instances,their efforts
are neutralized, and the resulting effect is simply
nothing.
The allegation is, that the gamblers as a body
combine to enhance the price. Those who have
the most limited knowledge of stock operations
will find it difficult to conceive such a combina-
tion,embracing both the bulls and the bears. A
in my illustration would hardly conspire with B
to enhance the price, any more than B with A to
lower it. It is not the interest of gamblers as a
body that gold should either rise or fall. Their
interest at all times is divided. Fluctuation in
price, if price be the subject-matter of betting,
is not necessary, though danger of fluctuation is.
What the business needs is uncertainty. The
same amount of betting will be done while the
price is stationary for a long time together, when-
ever half the bettors believe it will change, and
are willing " to back their opinion with a wager."
Neither is an enhanced price peculiarly favorable
to gambling. Just as much money will be lost
and won with gold at 90, as at 290.
Having shown that it is not the interest of gam-
blers to put or keep up the price of gold, I will now
show that, granting the interest, their power to do
it is so small as to bealmostinappreciable, and that
regular speculators in gold are just as powerless
as gamblers. Commoditesare indeed enhanced in
price by combinations of dealers to buy up the
market, and so create a scarcity. This has some-
times been done with breadstuff's, to the loss of
the community, though often to the ruin and de-
served punishment of the conspirators. It has
been done, too, with other merchandise. The op-
eration is only successful with articles of which
both the demand and supply are limited, and ai ti-
des mostdifficultoftranspoitation. Gold belongs
to neither of these classes. Of all commodities it
is of the most general use, and its purpose the
most uniform. Of all articles much in use it is
the easiest transported. The natural tendency of
everything toward the highest market is more
apparent and immediate in gold than in anything
else. Its fluency ia like that of water; and the
attempt to buy up the gold market would be like
that to drain the Potomacby dipping orpumping.
Yet in both these cases some effect would be pro-
duced by persistent and combined efforts. All I
mantain is that the effect would be inappreciable.
Suppose such an attempt should be made by th^
entire horde of New York brokers combined. The
whole commercial world and the whole mining
interests would conspire to thwart them. If gold
should thereby become more valuable in New
York than in Boston, Philadelphia, Liverpool, a
constant stream of it would flow in from all quar-
ters to restore the disturbed balance. There is
such a constant stream without this. New York
received, during the past year, from various places
in our own country, exclusive of the mines,
$28,000,000; and transmitted it all to Europe for
a better market.
It must also be borne in mind that we are a gold-
producing people. That article forms a promi-
nent constituent of our exports. Prom the port
of New York alone in 18G4, under the very nose
of these supposed forestalled, $51,000,000 ofgold,
embracing $13,000,000 from the mines, actually
went abroad in search of a higher market than
that which is supposed to be kept up by artificial
and fraudulent means.
The value of an article for export is its true
exchangeable value at the place of export, where
the article is one of continued traffic and general
use; and all the efforts of all the brokers' boards
and gamblers in Christendom cannot vary its
price from that exchangeable value, except to a
small extent and for a limited period.
This brings me to another branch of the sub-
ject. We are told, not by my colleague, but by
those who think as he reasons, that gold in this
country is too dear. If by this is meant that
the diffeience in exchangeable value between gold
and currency is too great, I most heartily assent.
But it is worth while to inquire whether the fault
may not be on the side of the currency. Is gold
too dear? Is its exchangeable value higher here
than in the rest of the commercial world? If so,
why does it continue to be exported? Men do
not ordinarily buy in a higher and sell in a lower
market for the purpose of making money. An
article of continued transport from New York to
Liverpool must be cheaper in the former place
than m the latter by at least the cost and risk
of transportation and the loss of time.
