742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
the State of New Hampshire a Senator from that
State for the term commencing March 4, 1865;
which were read, and ordered to be filed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of an additional
grant of lands to aid in the completion of the sev-
eral lines of railroad and branches in that State,
mentioned in the act of Congress approved March
3, 1857, and for an extension of the time limited
therein; which was referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
tive of Minnesota, in favor of additional relief to
tfie sufferers from the Sioux Indian war of 1862;
which was referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented a petition of officers in the
military service of the United States, praying for
an increase of compensation; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mi-
litia.
Mr. WILLEY presented the petition of Jane
Clark, of Washington city, District of Colum-
bia, praying compensation for a house and lot
seized and confiscated by the Government under
the act of July 17, 1862; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of citizens
of the city of New York, praying for the pas-
sage of the bill to establish a uniform system of
bankruptcy throughout the United States; which
was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HOWARD presented the memorial of J.
W. Sheldon, claim agent in the city of Washing-
ton, praying for the payment of bounty to veter-
ans and other recruits belonging to the thirteenth
and fourteenth Michigan batteries, promised them
by recruiting officers; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. HENDERSON presented resolutions of
the Legislature of Missouri, in favor of mustering
out volunteers recruited under promise of dis-
charge at the expiration of the term of service of
their respective regiments in accordance with such
promise; which were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia. *
He also presented five petitions of citizens of
Missouri, praying for theestablishmentof a daily
mail route from Macon City, Missouri, to ICeo-
soqua, Iowa; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a memorial of the
executive committee of the board of delegates
of the American Israelites, who represent that
they are a permanent executive committee of
conference, representing about forty congrega-
tions of Israelites in various parts of the United
States, and have been appointed to watch over
nil occurrences which muy interest the Israelites
in their social, religious, and political concerns.
As such they come forward at this juncture, they
say, to protest energetically against the amend-
ments to the preamble of the Constitution of the
United States prayed for in the memorial of the
Presbytery of Cincinnati, dated December 12,
1864,and signed byA. J. Reynolds, and twenty-
one others, and against any changes in the various
articles of the Constitution to make them agree
with the amendment suggested by a conference
of ministers and laymen of various denominations
held at Philadelphia on the 29ih and 30th of No-
vember, 1864, and which, they say, no doubt,
have been or will be presented to Congress at this
or the next session. They set forth at length in
their memorial their objections to any such con-
stitutional amendment, and they invoke the ex-
ample anil spirit of our fathers at the adoption of
the Constitution against all lehgious tests and dis-
abilities. The memorial is signed by Isaac Leeser,
the first vice president and acting president,Henry
Josephi, chairman'of the executive committee,
and Myer S. Isaacs, secretary; and it bears the
seal of the board of delegates of the American
Israelites. As this relates to a proposed amend-
ment of the Constitution, I move that the memo-
rial be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the bill (S. No.
373) to aid in the construction of a telegraphic
line from St. Cloud, in Minnesota, to the British
possessions, which is now lying on the table, be
recommitted to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the bill (H.R.No.
676) making appropriations for the naval service
for the year ending June 30, 1866, have directed
me to report it, with amendments; and I give no-
tice that I hope to get it up for action on Tuesday
next.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the joint resolution-(H. R. No. 139) of thanks to
Major General George H. Thomas and the army
under his command, reported it without amend-
ment.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
George J. Stubblefield, praying payment for chew-
ing tobacco delivered by him to the United States
at Atlanta, Georgia, and issued to the army un-
der General Sherman, reported a joint resolution
(S. R. No. 109) authorizing the adjustment of the
claim of George J. Stubblefield for chewing to-
bacco furnished the United States; which was
read, and passed to a second reading.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
Finance, submitted a letter from the Secretary of
the Interior to the chairman of the Committee on
Finance recommending a reorganization of the
clerical force in the office of the Commissioner of
Indian Affairs; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a memorial of William
Pierce, of San Francisco, California, praying an
issue to him of duplicate bonds in place of four
Oregon war bonds lost by the burning of the
steamer Golden Gate on the 27th day of July,
1862, submitted a report, accompanied by a bill
(S. No. 442) for the relief of William Pierce.
The bill was read and passed to a second reading,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 748) providing for a bust of the late Chief
J ustice Taney, to be placed m the room of the Su-
preme Court of the United States, have instructed
me to report it back without amendment, and with
a recommendation that il pass; and as that is the
only object of the bill, I ask for its present con-
sideration.
Mr. SUMNER. I must object to the consid-
eration of the bill now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection is
made, and it cannot be considered.
CHANGE OF NAME.
Mr. HALE. I am instructed by the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary, to whom was referred the
petition of Dorsey Edwin William Towson for a
change of name, to report a bill for his relief. As
it is a very simple proposition to change the name
of an individual, and relates to nothing else, and
there are numerous instances of this jurisdiction
being exercised by Congress, I am instructed to
ask that the bill be considered now.
By unanimous consent the bill (S. No. 439) to
change the name of Dorsey Edwin William Tow-
son to that of Dorsey Edwin William Carter, was
read three times, and passed.
Mr. HALE. It has been suggested to me that
for the purpose of showing jurisdiction on the
face of the bill, the individual should be described
in the title as of Georgetown, in the District of
Columbia. 1 therefore move to amend the title
by inserting after the word " Towson" the words
" of Georgetown, in the District of Columbia."
The PRESIDENTyro tempore. The amend-
ment will be made, if there be no objection. The
Chair hears none.
TREATMENT-OF COLORED REFUGEES.
Mr. DOOLITTLE submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested to fur-
nish, for the luformaton ot the Senate, the report of lion.
Thomas Hood and Hon. S. W. Bo^twick, special commis-
sioners appointed to investigate and repoitupon Hip con-
dition and treatment of colored refugees in Kentucky,
Tennessee,,and Alabama, lately made to the War Depart-
ment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
437) to continue in the service of the United States
certain troops in the State of Missouri; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.No.
438) relative to the railroad bridge across ths
Mississippi river, from Rock Island, in the State
of Illinois, to Davenport,in the State of Iowa, and
to establish and declare the same a post route;
which was read twice by its title, and referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 440) to define the jurisdiction of the dis-
trict and circuit courts of the United States for
the districts of California, Oregon, and Nevada;
which was read twice by its title, refeired to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and oidered to be
printed.
Mr. HOWE asked,and by unanimous consent
obtained,leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 441) to
enlarge the canals and improve the navigation of
the Fox and Wisconsin rivers,from the Missis-
sippi river to Lake Michigan, for military and
naval purposes; which was read twice by iis title,
and referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 110) creating a Committee on
Damages; which was read twice, and referred to
the Committee on Claims.
MEETINGS OF CONGRESS.
Mr. FOOT. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the compilation of the provisions of the
Constitution and laws of the United Stales 101 fixing the
time for the meeting or sessions of Congress and of the
extra sessions of the Senate, and the practice under the
same, from the 4th of March, 17S9, to tile present time,
pirpaied by tile Chief Clerk of the Senate, be printed.
This resolution, under the rule, will go to the
Committee on Printing. I will remark, in a word,
that this compilation of the provisions of the Con-
stitution and the laws and practice of the Govern-
ment upon that subject, from the heginning of
the Government to the present time, has been per-
formed by the Chief Clerk of the Senate at the re-
quest of one or two members of this body, to
which he responded with promptness; and that
request was made on account of his well-known
and acknowledged long experience and intimate
acquaintance and familiarity with the laws, prac-
tice, and precedents of the Government on that
question.
The resolution was referred to the Committee
on Printing.
DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA BUSINESS.
Mr. DIXON. The Senate assigned this day
after the morning hour fur the consideration of
the business of the District of Columbia. As
there is an important appropriation bill before the
Senate, which it is understood we are to toko up
at one o'clock, I propose that the Senate devote
the morning hour to District business.
Mr. SUMNER,. I hope not; there is some
other business we want to do this morning.
Mr. DIXON. In order to test the sense of the
Senate on that subject, I move to postpone all
prior orders and take up Senate bill No. 393.
The motion was agreed to.
TAXES IN GEORGETOWN.
The Senate accordingly, as in Committee of the
Whole, proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 393)
to authorize the corporation of Geoigetown to
levy certain taxes. It proposes to empower the cor-
poration of Georgetown to levy and collect, in the
same manner in which other taxes are levied and
collected in that town, an annual tax not to ex-
ceed, in any year, fifteen hundredths of one per
cent, of the assessed valae of the taxable property
in the town, to be applied to the payment of the
interest and the extinction of the principal of the
debt recently contracted by the corporation infill-
ing its quota under the several drafts for troops
made during the present war. The corporation
is also further authorized and empowered to levy
and collect} in the same manner, a sum sufficient
