1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SI
38th Cong....2d Sess.
National Currency—Mr. BroomaU.
Ho. of Reps.
It requires very little reflection to expose the
fallacy of the position I am now combatting.
Measured in breadstuff's and in labor, the price
of gold has not risen. Measured in cotton and
woolen fabrics, in groceries and most other arti-
cles of merchandise, it has actually fallen. Bat
my colleague in the elegant extract I have cited,
says, or implies, that it is this artificially raised
price of gold that puts and keeps up the prices of
all other things. Not only gold is too high, but
wheat,beef, potatoes,clothing, "and all the sup-
'plies and munitions of war;" and the price of
gold is to blame for all the mischief.
It is very remarkable that the only stable thing
in the country is the currency; that greenbacks
alone keep their true value, while everythingelse
runs wild. When the boat and wharf separate,
1 might believe the former stationary and the lat-
ter moving if it were not for the perplexing cir-
cumstance that in thatevent, the trees, the houses,
and everything else but the boat, move also.
The drunkard and the lunatic think the singu-
larity exists in everybody but themselves. In-
deed, where divergence is apparent it requires
some intoxication or some insanity to keep one
from suspecting that the change exists at the point
where the leastchange is required to produce the
observed effects.
Seeing, then, that the exchangeable value of
gold, measured in everything else but currency,
has continued substantially the same, except
where causes susceptible of explanation and un-
connected with the currency have effected a dif-
ference; and seeing, too,^that everything else has
risen in price when measured in currency, I nat-
urally turn to the point where the smallestchange
would produce the phenomena, and inquire how
far the whole fault may be traced to the condi-
tion of the currency.
If the proposition had been made to Congress
to debase the coin of the country by a gradual
process, so that at the end of two years it should
possess only thirty-five per cent of its former
weight and fineness, no one would have thought
for a moment of entertaining it. The increase of
prices and consequent feverish excitement given
to trade; the derangement of all regular business;
the absolute destruction of so large a proportion
of all securities for money, would have been re-
sults so monstrousand apparent that such a prop-
osition would have been indignantly spurned by
the most supeificial thinker. If, in addition to
this, it had been proposed to restore the original
weight and fineness by a like gradual process,
extending through the next four or five years, so
that all contracts to pay money entered into dur-
ing the debasement should be carried out at or
toward the restored standard, thus making every
debtor pay once and a half or twice what he con-
tracted to pay; and so that all property of all
kinds would sink in the hands of the holder; if to
this had been added the proposition that the Gov-
ernment should borrow its $2,000,000,000 in the
debased coin, and pay interest upon it in the old
coinage, thus paying at a rate amounting, at its
maximum, to seventeen and seven eighths per
cent., and should further obligate itself to repay
the principal at maturity in the same old coinage,
thus paying at the maximum nearly two hundred
and ninety-eight dollars for every one hundred
borrowed,'it is hardly likely that these features
would have rendered the measure any less unpal-
atable. And yet this is precisely %vhat has been
and is being done.
There is no use in disguising from ourselves
tiie real condition of the currency. We are called
upon to legislate for an existing state of things;
and the only way to do that with effect and for
the good of the country is to begin by understand-
ing what that state of things is. But gentlemen
upon this floor and elsewhere, and the papers of
the day, have adopted, as if by design, alanguage
calculated to hide the truth even from themselves.
They talk of the high price of gold, of breadstuff's,
of fabrics, of stocks, of labor, instead of the low
exchangeable value of their debased currency.
They attribute those evils to combinations of bad
men, made for the purpose of cheating the Gov-
ernment and the people. They ascribe the enor-
mous rates of exchange to plots on the part of
foreign merchantsand capitalists to embarrass our
Government.and force its dissolution. They
accuse traitors and sympathisers with treason in
our midst of depreciating the currency by predict-
ing ultimate repudiation; and they fail to see that
the whole mischief has its root in what was prob-
ably necessary, but certainly very unfortunate,
legislation.
At the beginning of our national troubles the
Government found the currency of the country
quite sufficiently inflated, as is shown by the un-
convertibility of the bank issues which followed,
the banks suspending specie payments in Decem-
ber, 1861. Engaged in a gigantic struggle for its
existence, the Government must have money.
Time and deliberation were necessary to perfeet
and enforce a system of national taxation, and
time and deliberation were just'the elements the
Government could notafford. Its necessities were
imperative. Money must be had, and that at
once. Two resourcessuggestedthemselvesrbor-
rowing upon its interest-bearing bonds, and issu-
ing its currency notes. The former was difficult,
except at very high rates of interest, but it was
possible, for loans at some rate of interest can
always be obtained. But blending the two would
afford an immediate supply, and the latter means
would facilitate the former; for with thecurrency
sufficiently inflated loans could be negotiated with-
out much regard to the interest offered. This
blending of the two resources was the course
adopted by the Government, whether wisely or
unwisely history will determine.
By a series of enactments extending from July
15, 1861, to June 30, 1864, Congress authorized
the emission of $60,000,000 of notes payable on
demand; $600,000,000 of notes not so payable,
but made a legal tender for all purposes except
the payment of duties; $600,000,000 of notes bear-
ing interest,and made a legal tender to the extent
of the principal except for the payment of duties,
and §50,000,000 of postal and fractional currency,
making altogether $1,310,000,000. From the re-
port of the Secretary of the Treasury, and from
other reliable information, I find the amount act-
ually issued under these various "acts, up to No-
vember 1,1864, to have been $736,000,000. The
demand notes have been nearly all redeemed and
wholly withdrawn from circulation. This leaves
$676,000,000 of the following kinds: $433,000,000
of United States notes not bearing interest;
$59,000,000 of five per cent, notes due in one and
two years; $61,000,000 of five per cent, coupon
notes, and $102,000,000 of six per cent, com-
pound-interest notes.
As far as the interest-bearing notes are held as
investments, they are not to be considered as part
of the currency; but as far as they are held by
banks or individuals in the place of other notes,
liable to be paid out, and only selected for holding
on account of their higher value, they are. No
doubt this entire issue will gradually disappear
from circulation when and as its value relatively
increases; but at present it would not be safe to
estimate more than half the amount as having left
the circulation and added itself to the investments
of the country. Taking half the interest-bearing
notes from the foregoing figures, and there remains
of national paper money $565,000,000 liable to
circulation. To this must be added the national
bank issues, amounting now to $89,000,000, and
the issues of the State banks, which one year ago
were $170,000,000, but are probably now reduced
to $100,000,000. This will make the probable
paper circulation of the country $754,000,000.
Now, the entire paper currency of the country
before the war, including the States in rebellion,
may be setdown at $200,000,000—more frequently
falling below than exceeding that sum. Prom
1856 to 1860 there was comparatively little change,
though the tendency was upward. At the latter
date the amount was $297,000,000. The aver-
age amount for ten years preceding 1860 was
$193,000,000. Of this amount, accoiding to the
Bankers' Magazine, about one fourth belonged to
the States in rebellion. This leaves about $150,-
000,000 as the normal volume of paper money at
the gold standard of the scope of country now
containing a Government and bank circulation of
$754,000,000.
It will readily be admitted that an increased
demand for currency even at the gold standard
has been caused by the events of the past four
years; but this must not be over estimated. The
Government is but employing and paying men
who were to a great extent employed and paid in
the various departments of industry before the
war. Even in furnishing supplies, at least to "a
part of the extent, the Government is bpt con-
ducting a business heretofore performed by indi-
dividuals. In both the branches, however, it is
fair to say the business is transacted to a much
greater extent by means of currency than the like
amount in ordinary times.
It is also true that the increased prices of com-
modities render a larger volume of currency ne-
cessary for the same number, amount, and fre-
quency of exchanges. And as far as the increased
prices are owing to the withdrawal of bo much
labor from the fields of production, this circum-
stance is fairly to be taken into the account, be-
cause the increased volume to this extent would
be needed if there were no inflation, and would
cause none. But it will not do to take into the
account of allowance the high prices that are
caused by the inflation itself in an effort to ascer-
tain the amount of the inflation.
It will be urged that the whole $754,000,000 are
not in actual circulation, part of it, constantly
varying, being in the Treasury and the various
depositories. But the same may be said of the
bank issues before the rebellion and indeed of
all currencies under all circumstances. Part of
the volume, constantly varying, is on deposit in
the vaults of banks and individuals dealing in or
producing the article. Something may, however,
be due to this circumstance, and the actual amount
may be decreased to compensate for any supposed
peculiarity of the present system in this respect.
It is impossible more than to guess how much
allowance, or whether any, should be made on
all these accounts. There are, however, some
matters for which due allowance must be made.
The area of the present circulation has been
extended by our recent victories so as to em-
brace territory in which the estimated amount of
$150,000,000 in 1860 did not circulate. This ex-
tension, however, has been mainly effected since
the period of culmination in the price of gold. Its
effect is exactly that of contraction, and I appre-
hend the increasing tightness of the money mar-
ket in the commercial cities, and the fall of gold,
are in some degree owing to this cause, though
probably quite as much to the gradual withdrawal
from circulation of the compound-interest notes.
Part of the excess of issue also has taken the
place of the coin which has disappeared. Coin,
however, always formed but a small portion of the
actual circulation, probably never exceeding a
fifteenth of the present volume.
If we allow half the currency as a compensa-
tion for all these circumstances, there will remain
$378,000,000 to perform the functions heretofore
perfoimed by $150,000,000 at the gold standard.
This liberal estimate will show an inflation of
twice and a half, quite sufficient to account for the
price of gold and most other commodities.
If any one doubts the position that so enormous
an increase of the paper money of the country
would result in its depreciation, let him read the
financial history of England during the bank re-
striction which extended from 1800 to 1821. The
issues of the Bank of England during the ten years
prior to 1800 averaged $55,000,000, and during
the ten years subsequent to 1821, $100,000,000.
Between those dates, during the suspension, the
issues averaged about $109,000,000. Taking the
average of both extremes as the test of the wants
of the people at the gold standard, the expansion
was forty-one per cent.; and this was partly ab-
sorbed by the increase of business and the disap-
pearance of coin. Yet with all the financial ability
of the managers of the Bank of England, aided by
the Government, and bent toward the single end
of preventing a depreciation, the price of gold
continued during all those twenty years above its
nominal value in paper, and at one time it reached
a premium of thirty-three and a half per cent.
If this is not sufficient, turn to the history of
France during its experiment of national currency.
Up to August, 1793, the revolutionary Govern-
ment of that country had issued $1,000,000,000
of assignals, and at that date had in circulation
$750,000,000 of them. These were made a legal
tender, and every effort was made to foi ce their cir-
culation at par. Yet in 1795 they had depreciated
