1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to pay the town's proportion of the direct tax im-
posed on the District of Columbia by the act of
Congress, approved August 5, 1861, and the cost
and expenses of collecting the same.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to he engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
COLUMBIA INSTITUTION.
On motion of Mr. DIXON, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (S. No. 421) to amend an act entitled
" An act to incorporate the Columbia Institu-
tion for the instruction of the deaf and dumb
and the blind," approved February 16,1857. It
proposes to repeal somuch of theactof February
16, 1857, as requires the teaching of the blind in
thatinstitution, and the corporate name and style
thereof is hereafter to be " the Columbia Insti-
tution for the instruction of the Deaf and Dumb."
The Secretary of the Interior is authorized to
cause all indigent blind children who are now, or
might hereafter become entitled, under the law as
it now exists, to instruction in the institution, to
be instructed in some institution for the education
of the blind in Maryland or some other State, at
a cost notgreater for each pupil than is, or may
be, for the time being, paid by such State, and to
cause the same to be paid out of the Treasury of
the United States. This act is to take effect from
and after the 30th of June, 1865.
Mr. DIXON. In the third line of the second
section I propose tostrike out the word" might"
and to insert the word " may."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended;
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading,
read the third time, and passed.
fiiebdmen's bureau.
Mr. SUMNER. I now ask the Senate to be
good enough to take up the report of the confer-
ence committee made yesterday, relative to the
disagieeing votes of the two Houses on the bill
(H. R. No. 51) to establish a Bureau of Freed-
men's Affairs.
Mr. DIXON. I will suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts that as we are now upon the
business of the District of Columbia, we had better
proceed with it. I do not think it will take more
than ten minutes.
Mr.SUMNER. After this report is acted upon,
those bills can be taken up.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I wish to raise a point
of order. By an inspection of that report, it ap-
pears that the committee of conference, instead
of considering the points in dispute between the
two Houses, have reported an entirely new bill.
I raise the point of order against the reception of
the report, if it is not too late. Only a session
or two ago when a committee of conference of
this body, at the head of which was the Senator
from Connecticut, [Mr. Foster,] attempted, or
did, in fact, incorporate something in their report
which was not the subject of disagreement be-
tween the two Houses, the Senate by a decisive
vote rejected the report because the committee
had not the power to consider anything except
what had been in dispute or controversy between
the two Houses. .
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair will
suggest to the Senator from Delaware, that if he
raises a point of order it must be decided with-
out debate.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I was only stating the
P°The PRESIDENT pro tempore. And the Chair
is of opinion that the objection comes too late,
the report having been entertained by the Senate;
but the whole question will be before the Senate
on the consideration of the report.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. The question is only on tak-
ing it up now.
Mr. DAVIS. I object to the report being
taken up.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts to take up the report for consideration.
Mr. SAULSBURY. On that question 1 call
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SAULSBURY. All I wish to say is sim-
ply this: there has been no printed copy of that
report laid upon the tables of Senators. It is true
that 1 this morning got hold of the report and
glanced over it; but I have seen no copy of it
upon the tabtes of Senators; and I assign this as
a reason why it should not be taken up. It can-
not be passed to-day, I presume.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is entirely mis-
taken. The printed copy was on his table a week
ago. It was on the table of every Senator a week
o.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I am not aware that the
Senator from Massachusetts inspects my table to
see what is on it. I have never seen it if it has
been there. If he knows the-fact, it is more than
I do.
Mr. HALE. I wish to make an inquiry. This
day was assigned for the consideration of bills
relating to the District of Columbia, and there
are several such bills that are not acted upon. I
understand that the chairman of the Committee
on the District of Columbia, in consideration of
the fact that the chairman of the Committee on
Finance has an appropriation bill which he wants
to press to-day, consented to waive that assign-
ment if he might have the morning hour for the
purpose of passing his bills; and I desire to know
whether, if this report be taken up, those bills will
be postponed, contrary to the assignment of the
Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will remark that it is in the power of the Senate
to make the order of its business.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Connecti-
cut has got through with his bills.
Mr. HALE. No, he has not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can say to the Senator
from New Hampshire that the special order will
be displaced necessarily by the unfinished busi-
ness. That is the ordinary order of business; and
I am very anxious to have the legislative appro-
priation bill passed to-day.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to aslc the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts whether he contemplates
the consideration of the report at the present time,
or whether his object is to assign a time for its
consideration.
Mr. SUMNER. I supposed that the Senate
would be ready to act upon it. I was not aware that
it would be debated. It has been debated in both
Houses until 1 thought each House was tired of
it. There is but one single point in this bill that
is new, which can be stated inone minute, so that
the Senate can be in complete possession of the
whole question. I assume that Senators wish to
expedite public business, especially when it con-
cerns an important measure.
Mr. MORRILL. The Senator is advised al-
ready that this bill will not pass without debate.
The Senator from Delaware intimates that he
shall debate it through the day. Others will de-
bate it also. The Senator from Massachusetts
knows very well that this day was set down for
the business of the District of Columbia, upon
which we are now engaged; and I submit whether
it is proper to antagonize this bill under these cir-
cumstances with that business.
Mr. SUMNER. If it is more agreeable to the
Senate, I will have it made the special order for
half past twelve o'clock on Monday.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 believe there is already an
assignment for Monday.
Mr.SUMNER. Not in the morning hour.
Mr. CONNESS. Do not put it in the morning
hour.
Mr. SUMNER. Then the Senator postpones
it indefinitely.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on taking up thj? report, upon which the yeas
and nays have been ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 suggest to the Senator
from Massachusetts to assign it for Monday.
Mr. SUMNER. In compliance with the Sen-
ator's'suggestion, 1 will have it taken up and made
thespeciaforder for Monday next at one o'clock.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Clark, Collamer, Con-
ner, Dixon, Farwell, Foul, Footer, Grimes, Harris, How-
ard, liowt*, Morgan,Morrill, Nye, I'omeioy, Ramsey, Sher-
man, Stewart, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Wade, and
WiNon—25. _T ...
NAYS—Messrs. Cowan, Davis, Henderson, Hendricks,
Johnson, Lane of Indiana, Nesmith, Powell, Riddle, Sauis-
bury, and Willey—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalcw, Carlile, Boo-
little, Hale, Harding, Harlan, Hicks, Lane flf Kansas, jtfe-
Dougall, Richardson, Sprague, Van Winkle, Wilktnsdn;
and Wright—15. ,
So the motion to take up the report was agreed
to. • ■ -*
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
is now before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Now,in deference to the sen?-
timents of Senators, contrary to my owa convic-
tions of duty, 1 may say, I shall move that it be
postponed to Monday next, and made; the spe-?
cial order for that day at half past twelve o'clock.
Mr. CHANDLER. Oh, no; I have got a spe-
cial order for Monday.
Mr.SUMNER. That is at one o'clock. ' '
The motion was agreed to, there being, on a
division, ayes twenty-seven, noes not counted.
opening of sixth street west,
Mr. DIXON. I now move to take up House
bill No. 364.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the "Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill (H. R. No. 364) authorizing and requiring
the openingofSixth street west. It requires the
corporate authorities of the city of Washington
to open Sixth street west, from the canal to Maine
avenue, under the direction of the Commissioner
of Public Buildings, in accordance with the plan
approved in May, 1822, by James Monroe, then
President of the United Slates.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the bill by
'adding the following proviso:
Provided, however, That Sixth street, through the public
ground known as the Armory square, shall tiot be opened
until after the removal of llie Armory Hospital from such
public giotnul, or until the consent of the Secretary of War
and Surgeon General of the United States Army shall be
first had and obtained.
Mr. DIXON. There is no objection, Ibelieve,
to that amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. I want to know of the hon-
orable member from Iowa whether he requires
the assent of the Surgeon General as well as the
Secretary of War?
(Mr. GRIMES. I did insert that in the amend-
ment.
Mr. JOHNSON. It seems to me rather sin-
gular.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state, in one word, why
I have offered the amendment. 1 have had no
consultation with the Surgcon General on the sub-
ject of opening Sixth street since last summer.
This bill was then befoie the Committee on the
District of Columbia,.of which I was at that time
a member; and he objected, and wrote me a let-
ter in opposition to the passage of the bill because
it would interfere with the hospital there. I went
myself and examined the grounds, and I was sat-
isfied that there would not be a compensating ad-
vantage to the Government or to the city in open-
ing the street at this time. My object is simply
to save the hospital there.
Mr.JOHNSON. TheSenator misunderstands
me. I do not think it should be authorized with-
out the consent of the Secretary of War; butwhy
should not his consent be sufficient? I cannot
imagine why you should also require the assent
of the Surgeon General.
Mr. MORRILL. It should be properly the
Surgeon General alone.
Mr. GRIMES. I am willing to strike out" the
Secretary of War," and leave the proviso so as
simply to require the assent of the Surgeon Gen-
eral.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. Does the Sen-
ator so modify his amendment?
Mr. GRIMfES. Yes, sir; I will modify it by
striking out the words " Secietary of War and. '
The PRES1DEN T pro tempore. It will be so
modified.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The amendment was ordered to be engrossed,
and the bill to be read a third tune. It was read
the third time, and passed.
EXCHANGE OF PIUSONER8.
Mr. WADE. 1 ask the consent of the Senate
to make a short report from the committee on the
conduct of the war. It is the testimony of Lieu-
tenant General Grant on the subject of an ex-
change of prisoners. I believe it wiil save many
inquiries on that subject.
