52
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February T,
38th Con©....2d Sess.
National Currency-—Mr. Broomall.
Ho. of Beps.
to one fortieth of their nominal value; and in 1796,
when the issue amounted to $9,000,000,000, $1,000
of them were required to purchase one dollar in
gold. Utter repudiation became a necessary con-
sequence and speedily followed. This is an ex-
treme case, ana I cite it to show, what probably
all will admit, that an unconvertible paper circu-
lation beyond the wants of the community must
depreciate.
1 .should despise myself if I could for a moment
harbor a suspicion that the Government of my
country would follow the mad example of the
French regicides. No, our currency will be re-
deemed as our debt will be paid at its full nom-
inal value; and the country, prospering as it did
for many years in spite of the policy of the late
dominant party, will be very little the poorer of
the operation. Young and vigorous, the Repub-
lic has shown itself capable of surviving a vast
deal of ruining. But it is well to point out the
rock upon which other financial policies split,
that we may not only avoid it but avoid it by
measures least hurtful in their remedial cffccts.
To restate the proposition: we have abolished
the old currency of the country which, with oc-
casional exceptions, had a fixed exchangeable
value in the entire commercial world measured in
other currencies, and have adopted anew one of
a lower and uncertain standard here and of no
exchangeable value elsewhere. Thus cut loose
from the currencies of the rest of the world, ours
lias been left to find its own exchangeable value
under the operation of laws arising out of supply
and demand, and applicable as well to currencies
as to all other exchangeable things. This pro-
cess of finding its standard may be the work of
time, during which there may be many oscil-
lations, each probably of less extent than its
predecessor; and the standard, when ultimately
found, if not found already, will be a fluctuating
one.
I do not believe that any considerable part of
the depreciation of the currency is owing to doubt
about its ultimate redemption. 1 think there is
no such doubt. 1 find no evidence or trace of it
'anywhere; and if such doubt existed, the effect
of it in depreciating the currency would be very
slight as long as there is none other. The people
must have a currency, and one known to be wholly
worthless foi all other purposes would retain its
value for making exchanges if there were none
other to take its place. If the distrust of a cur-
rency should exclude it, should force dealers to
find some other medium or means of exchange,
then I grant its exchangeable value will fall to
what it may be worth for other purpose s. But
while it constitutes the currency it is subject to
nil the laws of trade that fix the value of currency.
It is well settled that an irredeemable paper me-
dium of exchange can only be used as the cur-
rency of its community at a standard fixed by its
volume compared with the number, amount, and
frequency of exchanges to be made by it, affected
always, one way or the other, by the degree of
mutual public confidence, that is to say, by the
disposition to require cash payments or other-
wise. Hence, all other things being equal, if the
volume be increased, prices will rise; if the volume
be decreased, prices will fall.
An interesting illustration of the depreciation
of currency consequent upon us inflation may be
found in the period of the suspension of the Hank
of England, from 1800 to 1821, exclusive, if we
divide this period into three parts, such that the
middle one will cover the period of greatest ex-
pansion, that is to say, from 1811 to 1817, exclu-
sive,and estimate the properamount of currency
at the gold standard for each of these periods, by
taking the average amount for the decades before
and after the suspension, and apportioning the
increase between the decades, among those peri-
ods, we will find that during the first period the
expansion was twenty-eight per cent., and the
< premium on gold four and a half; during the sec-
ond, the expansion was fifty-rune, and" the pre-
mium nineteen and a fifth; and during the third,
the expansion was thirty-two, and the premium
two and a third.
Taking each year by itself will show the same
result, but not with the same regularity. Many
causes operate to produce temporary fluctuation,
and it is only by taking a series of years that
these causes are got rid of by balancing one
another.
If it be asked why the premium on gold and the
amount per cent, of inflation are not found equal,
or more nearly so, the answer is that part of the
excess of issue was absorbed by the increase of
business arising out of the war, and part went to
make up the deficiency occasioned by the dis-
appearance of gold, in every case of inflation
these causes operate, or rather always the latter,
and always the former or a similar one; and un-
less they are neutralized by other elements they
prevent the actual expansion in paper from hav-
ing its full effecLon prices.
I have no complaint to make of the policy of
the Governmental regard to the currency, though
I regret that an apparently oven uhng necessity
induced the adoption of the system of inflation,
and I would not have that system outlast for a
moment the necessity. Possibly, if its full con-
sequences had been foreseen, some modification
of it might have been made in the beginning.
Possibly it might have been cheaper to the Gov-
ernment in the end, and less disastrous to the
people, to have contracted the loans at a much
higher and certain rate from the beginning than
to have inflated the currency with the hope of
borrowing such enormous sums at six per cent.
—a hope which has proved so delusive since the
six per cent, contracted for has proved to be ten,
twelve, and in many cases fifteen. A system by
which forty dollars are borrowed upon an obli-
gation to pay six dollars per annum interest, and
one hundred dollars at maturity, will hardly be
extolled for its economy.
Recognizing the magnitude of the evil, the Com-
mittee of "Ways and Means during the last ses-
sion of Congress devised a remedy. These gen-
tlemen had.'been watching the gold market from
day to day until they began to believe the whole
mischief concentrated in the board of brokers.
Their temper became like that of the former who
blew the vane from his barn with a shot-gun be-
cause it would obstinately and persistently point
northeast. Following their train of thought, the
committee proposed to drive the money-changers
from the temple, not in the manner of Him of old,
but by putting the Secretary of the Tieasury in
to their exclusion. They proposed to allow the
Government to enter the lists with the brokers
and to buy and sell gold ad libitum, with the ex-
pectation that everybody else would then quit it,
and that gold, left to itself, would fall to the price
they thought it ought to stand at, about 130.
Congress, yielding to the persuasive eloquence of
the committee, adopted their views and passed
the law. The morning papers were sought for
with an avidity only incident to these marvelous
times. I3ut behold ! instead of gold behaving it-
self as it should have done under the chastisement,
it had actually risen! Days passed, and the rise
continued. One, two, five, and twenty per cent,
were added to the former figures; not as a conse-
quence of the enactment, but in defiance of it and
under the influence of other causes.
Baffled in this attempt the committee now pro-
posed more vigorous treatment. A law must be
passed punishing every one who presumed to buy
or sell gold except for present cash, and accom-
panied by present delivery; and Congress again
acquiesced. Unlike the f6rmer, this scheme was
not exactly " whistling against the wind." It had
at least the merit of not being wholly inoperative.
The Government had by law compelled the pay-
mentof duties in gold; and as the merchants could
not make the article they were forced to buy it.
Unable any longer to engage it beforehand for the
time of need it was common prudence m them to
buy and hold until their duties became payable.
Tins created an unusual demand and the price
wentup to its maximum at297g. Alarmed,and not
reflecting that this artificial state of things could
only continue until the extraoidinary demand had
! been once supplied, Congress repealed the law,
; and the demand subsiding, gold fell to its proper
| exchangeable value in the commercial world.
I This it was supposed would end legislation on
! the subject in that direction. It was thought that
! Congress would direct its attention to the actual
1 disease,and if it found no remedy would at least
' cease to do no mischief by doctoring the mere
li symptoms. "What, then, was the surprise both of
this body and the country when my colleague, [Mr.
Stevens,] so preeminently right upon all other
questions, brought forward at the present session
a similar measure, though much more severe and
thorough in its details. He had somehow faded
to learn by the experienceof last winter. He had
become befogged in the mazes of Wall street and
had worked himself into the condition of mind of
the physician who, by mechanical force, com-
pelled his patient's pulse to beat exactly seventy*
to the minute, as it should do, and supposed he
had thereby cured the fever.
As if believing that what has been once tried
is worth trying again on a recurrence of the cir-
cumstances, though it be even the punishment of
witchcraft and heresy, my colleague proposed to
adopt the provisions of the British statute of July,
1811, by which buying or selling gold, except at
par, was made a penal offense, punishable by fine
and imprisonment. The House, however,rather
uncourteously, laid the bill on the table without
examination. Discouraged in what he still con-
siders a good work, my colleague thereupon tells
us, in effect, that he will abandon all attempt at
our reformation, and leave us to our own destruc-
tion.
The effectof such a law maybe ascertained by
a prion reasoning, as well as by observing its
operation in England. There is a legitimate and
proper trade in gold, as well as the pernicious one
of gambling. Certain of the arts and manufac-
tures require it. Duties as well as the balance of
exchange must be paid in gold. There is also a
constant trade in it between our mines and for-
eign countries through the exporting cities. It
may be said that this latter business could be left
unfettered by restricting the law to coin. But so
restricted the law would be useless, since a black-
smith's lire will reduce coin to bullion, and the
laboratory of a chemist probably to gold dust.
Now, this legitimate demand will be supplied,
and ought to be. Suppose the law should be
obeyed. Then the holder of gold, whether re-
ceived from the mines or from the Government
as interest on its bonds, must export it to sell it;
for no man would expect him to take one dollar
here for what would bring him two in Liverpool;
and the artisan or mechanic who needs it in his
business must buy it in the foi eign market. This
would add twice the cost of tiansportatiou to the
already high pi ice. But suppose the law should
not bo obeyed, as is the more probable, then the
high-minded and honorable dealers would cease
to supply the market, and the business would fall
exclusively into the hands of men less scrupu-
lous. These men would not only charge enough
to cover the risk of detection and punishment,
but they would combine to enhance the price still
further. This they could do with perfect suc-
cess, because all open and legitimate tiade being
prevented'by the law, no outside supply could
flow in to prevent forestalling. In either case,
therefore, gold would rise.
Now, let us see what the effect actually was in
England. The law was passed in 1811 and con-
tinued until after 1821. My colleague [Mr. Ste-
vens] says:
" I i!o not s-ny that the measure was an entire cure of the
evil, l*oi Mich is not histoiy. But it was a great palliation
of it, and instead ot gold reaching 2o0 it stopped <tt the rate
it had attained."
My colleague has slightly mistaken the facts.
The average price of gold in 1811 was 108.50.
Notwithstanding the law, it rose in 1812 to
123.64; in 1813 to 129.71; in 1814 to 133.55; in
1815 and 181G it stood at 120.G6. It was notuntil
1817, after a change had taken place in the whole
face of Europe, that the price fell to 102.74. A
glance at these figures is notcalculated to impress
one with a high degree of confidence in my col-
league's remedy. Now, I do not say that the rise
in price was owing to tiie enactment, for many
and complicated causes were in operation during
that period, but I do say that the enforcement of
such a law, in the absence of other causes, would
effect a rise in the price of the subject-matter.
My colleague says that gold in England did
not, as here, go up to 250. This is true, and the
inflation of the curiency in England was not, as
heie, to twice its natural volume. It is worthy of
remark that while the average circulation inEng-
il land during the suspension was$109,000,000, yet
