THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
,The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
y£i\\ be received by unanimous consent. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. WADE. I move that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mh WADE. As it is very short, being the
testimony of General Grant oil the subject, I wiii
ask" tftat it he read'.
, Mh ANTHONY. What is the date of it?
' Mr. WADE. It is testimony that we have
t&Kfen'th'is morning.
•Tlk S&crretary read,as follows:
- It is statfcd5, upon what authority I do not
know, that you are charged entirely with tile exchange or
prisoned
* Uf4nsu>fir. .That is correct; and wtyat is more, I have ef-
fected ah arrangement for the exchange of prisoners, man
for iriati, and omcerforofftcer, or his equivalent, accotdin?
to the oldie,artels-, -until one or the other, party has exhausted
the number they now hold, f get a great many letters daily
fronrr frfends of prisoners in the South, every one of which
I cause 10 be answered, telling them that thjs arrangement
U,sfcs been ujadQ,,aud that I suppose exchanges e^n be made
at the rate of about three thousand a week, and just as fast
jte they cart deliver prisoners to us I will receive them and
deliver their prisoners to them. And the Salisbury prison-
er ;V^jiJ coding right on. I myself saw Colonel Hatch,
tiie.assisiqnt commissioner of exchange on the part of the
womn^rihdhe told me that the Salisbury and Danville pris-
<m^rs'would'be coming'on at once. He said that he'could
bungKbeiu on at the rate of five or six.thousand a week.
Qu^Aiott., Xuere is now no Impediment in the way?
"•Answer. Tjhere is no impediment on our aide. £ could
deliver ami rebci ve every one of th'em in a very short time
if they will deliver those they hold'. We have lost some
two. weeks lately on account of the ice 111 the river."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
will' be printed.
METROPOLITAN INSURANCE COMPANY.
. Mr. DIXON. I now move to take up Senate
hi\\ No. m.
ti Thfe motion was agreed Lo; and the Senate, as
in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 167) to incorporate an in-
surance cdmpany in the city of Washington. It
groposcs to dcclare William L. Ilorigc, Samuel
ji.co?), Augustus E. Perry, Edward Hall, George
W. utermelilc, William H. Morrison, Peter F.
ftacori, William II. Riley, Benjamin Boall, A. C.
Richards, Henry A. Scheeis, and John H. Mc-
Cutchen, and their associates and successors ,*a
body politic and corporate by the namcand style
of the Metropolitan Insurance Company.
The Committee on tiie District of Columbia
reported the bill with various amendments. The
fust amendment of the committee was in section
two', line seven, after the word " for," to insert
the words 44 and within ninety days the further
sum of fifteen dollars on each share subscribed
fqr;M in line nine to insert the words " payment
ofthe"before the word " remainder;" and in line
fourteen to strike out the word " three"and insert
11 one;" so that the section will read:
„ Sec. 2. Jlnd. be it further enacted, That the persons
named in the foregoing section, or a majority of them, are
hereby authorized to open a subseiipnon in the city of
Washington (or raisinga capital stock of $oOO,000 in shares
of fifty dollars each ; and that each person, on subscribing,
shall pay to the persons above mentioned ten dollars on
each share subscribed for, and within ninety days the lur-
thersum of liftcen dollars on each share subscribed lor;
and tluu the payment of the remainder of the said fifty dol-
lars shall be secured by negotiable notes, signed and in-
dorsed to the satisfaction ot said persons, or a majority of
them ; and payment thereof may he demanded at such times
and in Mich proportions as the president and directors here-
after mentioned shall judge advisable, giving one week's
notice in two papers printed in the District of Columbia.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
m section four, line one, to strike out the word
'* one" and insert " two;" so that it will read:
That as soon as two thousand shares shall be subscribed
the persons heieby authorized to receive subscriptions
shall call a meeting of the subscribers, giving one week's
notice in two of the papers printed within the District, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was in
section five, line one, after the word " that" to
strike out the following words:
The members of the company shall not be liable forany
Joss, damage, or responsibility arising from any contract of
insurance, other than the property they have in the capital
or funds of the company to the amount of the shares re-
spectively held by them and any profits arising therefrom
not divided: Provided,
So that the section will read:
That the said corporation shall deposit with the Register-
of the Treasury of the United States, or other officer to be
designated by him, bonds or other securities of the United
States, in amount equal to one fourth of the capital stock
paid in, to be held by said officer to secure and indemnify
parties who shall insure with said company.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was to
insert, at the end of thesixth section, the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That no loan shall be made to the stockhold-
ers of said company, or any of them.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DIXON. I move to strike out the first
name on the list of corporators, that of Mr. Wil-
liam L. Hodge, at his request.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill wasreported to the Senate asamended,
and the amendments were concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
NATIONAL UNION INSURANCE COMPANY.
On motion of Mr. DIXON, the bill (H. R. No.
517) to incorporate the National Union Insurance
Company of Washington, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to empower James Harper, Thomas
Patton, C. H. Moody,John W.Magill, JohnM.
Redly, B. F. Guy, Valentine Blanchurd, Thomas
J. Fisher, Hudson Taylor, Augustus F. Perry,
D. Walker, James Montgomery, Joseph J. May,
or any five of them, to receive subscriptions to
the capital stock of a company to be denominated
the National Union Insurance Company of
Washington, who shall open a book for that pur-
pose in the city of Washington, at the time and
place to be by them designated, of which they
shall give ten days' notice in two or more of the
daily papers of the city, and shall keep it open
until twenty thousand shares of fifty dollars a
share each shall have been subscribed. The usual
powers of a corporation are granted. The com-
pany is to make insurance against losses by fire
on any house, building, tenement, manufactories,
mills, or other buildings; on goods, wares, chat-
tels, and cffccts of all kinds therein, or otherwise;
upon grain, produce, and implements, and upon
vessels building on the stocks, in port or at moor-
ings; and, generally, upon all and every sort and
description of property, of whatever kind soever,
on land or water.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
SISTERS OP MERCY.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The hour has
arrived for the consideration of the unfinished
business of yesterday.
Mr. HALE. The, bills for the District of Co-
lumbia are alt through except one, and we do not
want another day for that. I therefore ask the
consent of the Senator from Ohio to allow me to
move to take up Senate bill No. 368.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let it be done by unani-
mous consent, so as not to displace the regular
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will be taken, and the bill (S. No. 368) to incor-
porate the Association of the Sisters of Mercy in
the city of Washington in the District of Colum-
bia will be regarded as before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. HALE. I suggest that the bill need not
be read, as the amendment of the committee is a
substitute for the bill. #
The Secretary read the amendment reported
by the Committee on the District of Columbia,
which was to strike out all after the enacting
clause of the bill and insert the following:
That Isabel Atkinson, Elizabeth Medcalf, Teresa Byrne,
Ellen Mathews, Mary Dully, Teresa Moran, and Ellen
Wynne, and their successors, hereafter to become Sister*
of Mercy, and to be appointed according to the rules and
regulations that have been or may hereafter be established
by their association^ be, and they are hereby, made, de-
clared, and constituted, a corporation or body-politic, in
law and in fact, to have continuance forever, by the name,
style, and title of the " Sisters of Mercy m the District of
Columbia."
Sec. '2. Jind be it further enacted, That all and singular
the lands, houses, tenements, rents, legacies, annuities,
rights, property, privileges, goods, and chattels, heretofore
given, granted, deviled, or bequeathed to the said Sisters
of Mercy, in the District of Columbia, or to any individual
uf the said coiporation, or to any person or persons for the
use of said corporation, or that have been purchased for
or on account of the same, be, and they are hereby, vested
in, and confirmed to, the said corpoiation; and'that the
said corporation may purchase, take, receive, hold, and
apply to the uses and purposes of the same, according to
the rules, regulations, and by-laws that they may establish
from time to time, for the management of the concerns of
the saidsociety or corporation, any lands, tenements, rents,
legacies, annuities, rights, property, and privileges, or any
goods, chattels, or other effects of what kind or nature so-
ever, which shall or may have been or may hereafter be
given, granted, sold, bequeathed, or devised unto the said
association or corporation, by any person or persons,bodies
politic orcorporate,capable of making such grant, sale, or
bequest, and that the said association or corporation of
the Sisters of Merey, in the District of'Columbia, may dis-
pose of and convey the same as they may deem proper:
Provided, That the said association or corporation .shall
not, at any' one time, hold, use, possess, and enjoy, within
the District of Columbia, either by legal seizure, or trust,
for its use and benefit, more than three hundred and twenty
acres of land, nor shall the said association or corporation
hold, in its own right, or by any other person in trust, or
for its benefit, real estate the annual net income of which,
after discharging all its expenses, debts, and liabilities,
shall exceed the sum of ,$5(>,0U0.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it ftnther enacted, That the said corpora-
tion, by the name of the Sisters of Mercy, in the District of
Columbia, be, and shall be hereafter, capable in law and
in equity to sue and be sued, within the District of Colum-
bia and elsewhere, in as effectual a manner as other per-
sons or corporations can sue or be sued, and that the said
corporation, or a majority of the pei>ons composing the
same, shall adopt and use a common seal, and the same t«
use, alter, or change at pleasure, and from time to time
make such by-laws, not inconsistent with the Constitution
of the United States or any law of Congress, as they may
deem expedient and proper for carrying into effect the ob-
jects of the said association or corporation, including the
care, control, and education uf children; the eaie, protec-
tion, instruction, and employmentof destitute females; the
care, nursing, and'alleviation of the sufferings of sick or
wounded persons, and such other objects of liteiatuie and
chanty as may be determined upon by their by-laws, as
aforesaid, and which their means and net income may en-
able them to effect and support.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That if, at any time
heieafter, any of the persons here-nbefoie named, or any
of their successors, as Sisters of Mercy, in the Di>trict of
Columbia, shall cease to belong to the said association or
corpoiation, according to the said by-hiws, such persona
shall thereafter have no pait or coritiol in the pioceedings
of the said association or corporation under or m pursuance
of the provisions of tins act.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the said asso-
ciation or corporation shall have power to appoint such
officers, agents, and persons as may be neeessaiy, and to
construct or puiclmse such buildings or to create Mich es-
tablishments as may be required to effectandcarry out tho
humane and chaiitable objects of its mammon, in aecoid-
ance with its by-laws and regulations, as afoiesaid, under
this act.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the schools and
all other institutions of instruction, education, or employ-
ment, established by the Sisteis ofMorcy in the Uhtuct of
Columbia, shall at all times be subject to the visitation and
inspection of the justices of the supreme court of the Dis-
trietof Columbia, or any one of them, or the Committees
on the Di^tiiet of Columbia in either House ofCongiess, or
any other committee of Congress that either House may ap-
point, and the books, recoids, and proceedings of said Sis-
ters of Mercy shall at all times be subject to the examina-
tion and Inspection of said jn-tiees or any «ueh committee.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That this act may, at
any time hereafter, be amended, altered, or repealed, in
whole or in part, according to the pleasure of Congress,
Mr. JOHNSON. I would ask the honorable
member who has the bill in charge if any such
provision as is contained in the sixth scction is to
be found in any other act of incorporation in this
District?
Mr. GRIMES. What is in the sixth section?
Mr. JOHNSON* Letthe sixth section be read
again.
The Secretary read the sixth section of the
amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON. Unless that has been done in
other cases, I would suggest to the honorable mem-
ber and to the Senate that it would be rather invid-
ious to make a provision of that sort now for the
first time. If there are any classes of people who
are engaged in acts of mercy, and whose conduct
is worthy of man's honor, and who would seem
to be entitled especially to the mercy of Heaven
hereafter, it is the very persons whom you are
about to incorporate. They are ladies who de-
vote their time exclusively to the charitable object
of educating the poor and the helpless, and of
nourishing and nursing and consoling the sick
and the wounded; and you arc about now to throw
open their institution by this provision to any
committee that Congress may suggest, or to the
District judges. I see no necessity for it, for if
there shall be any abuse we shall be sure to know-
it, and under the authority to modify or repeal
the charter any abuse can be prevented in the fu-
ture. I do not know how it may be received by
these ladies, but it seems to me if it never has
been done before it would be considered by them
as exceedingly invidious; and as I do not think it is
at all necessary to accomplish any public good, I
should hope that such a provision would not be
incorporated in this bill. There is no class of
