54
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 31,
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Amendment to the Constitution—Mr. Harding.
Ho. of Reps.
proving all things," and holding fast to nothing,
[daughter.]
Truth is eternal, and principles do not change.
Yet some gentlemen have the greatest facility for
.assuming different dresses. Ihey throw off one
set of opinions and assume another as readily as
a man relieves himself of a worn garment and
puts on j,nother. When a man puts on a bor-
rowed coit it never fits exactly, and he feels in-
clined to change just as often as he can borrow.
•And so it is when a man, having no matured and
fixed principles of his own, assumes and acts
upon the opinions of others; they bear his ex-
penses butashort distance; he soon throws them
o'ff and puts on some other man's opinions. But
.1 deny that human nature has changed in such
cases as the gentleman asserts. There has been
,no real change in the man; not at all. On the
contrary, some gentlemen must be changed to
.keep them from changing. [Laughter.] They
must be regenerated and born again, or they will
exhibit such changes.
The gentleipan from Missouri [Mr. Rollins]
also says in the speech from which I have read:
"I have been looking up for light fiom above, and I lte-
fin to see it streaking along the horizon, however it may
e with other gentlemen in this Hall."
Yes, sir, the scales begin to fall from his eyes;
he sees men as trees walking. Perhaps the gen-
tleman could not exhibit stronger evidence of the
insanity of fanaticism than this claim to super-
natural illumination. But he sees streaks of light.
When Lucifer fell from the regions of light, pos-
sibly he may have been followed a short distance
by some rays of light, but they were pursuing
him downward to the regions of outer darkness
and eternal night. And s6 the streaks of light
the gentleman perceives may be the emanations
from his former position, following him in his
downward fall.
Mr. Speaker, I wish to call the attention of the
House to a short paragraph from a newspaper,
the Baltimore Sun^which I send to the Clerk to
be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"The Abolition ok Slavery.—A movement Is on foot
among prominent Pliiladj-lphmns of both political parties
to give a handsome dmn«r to Uiom! Domociatic Congress-
men who shall vote in i'avorof the pioposed constitutional
amendment prohibiting slaveiy. So fur the list of such
members embraces the names of George II. YKAMANof
Kentucky, Austin A. King and Jamfs S. Rollins of
Missouri, Moses F. Odfll ami John A. gitibwold of
New York, Myer Strocse, Josia.ii JUii.y, and Arciii-
saIidMcAllisteroL' Pennsylvania, and Bzra Wheeler
of Wisconsin."
Mr. HARDING. I think it will be seen when
the vote is taken that there is a mistake in that arti-
cle, at least as to some of the gentlemen named.
But the gentleman from Missouri [Mr. Rol-
lins] says "he is proud that a man has the
right to change." Who ever denied his right to
change? Who would expect anything else of
him? After the exhibition he gives of himself,jit
is pot at all strange that he should change. But
. is it not passing strange that the gentleman should
invite Kentuckians to followhim in his wayward
and erratic course? Sir,I should never overtake
him; I could not hope to see him to-morrow where
I find him to-day. If I were to start with him to
that dinner at Philadelphia, by the time 1 could
get in sight of the table he would be seated and
dining with Wendell Phillips in Massachusetts.
-Mr. Speaker, gentlemen on the other side of the
House exult and rejoice a great deal over the new
abolition converts, who are going over from this
side of the House into their ranks. But I would
admonish gentlemen to be a little careful how they
receive them. It is a rule in one of our churches
to receive new members only on six months'trial.
It might be judicious to imitate that example and
receive certain gentlemen into their ranks only
on six or seven years* trial. Perhaps it would
be safe to do so.
Then, sir, there is an old saying among farm-
ers and teamsters, that a horse that has broken
the harness and run away once will run again.
And they never trust him afterward. If they
work him at all, it is at the " off wheel" through
mudholesand bad roads; but they never trust him
for a single moment as a leader; for they know,
that having run once, if he gets the least chance
he will be certain to run again.
Again we are told that the u human heart isde-
ceitfulabove all things, and desperately wicked,"
and it is not going too far to say that these young
converts may have human hearts.
Mr. Speaker, we were told by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Odell.] inhis speech some
days ago, that the reason why the question of
amending the Constitution so as to abolish sla-
very was considered in the Baltimore Convention
and incorporated into its platform, was because
the President and the party sustaining him had
grave doubts as to the constitutionality of the
emancipation proclamation. And to relieve them-
selves of these doubts they determined to change
the Constitution. Sir, what reason was there for
any doubt on the subject? Did not the President
and his Secretaries, and did not Congress proclaim
to the country, again and again, and in every im-
aginable form of language, that there was 110 pur-
pose, and no constitutional power in any depart-
ment of the Federal Government, to interfere with
slavery in any State of the Union? And did not
Secretary Seward go so far as to say that any
attempt on the part of the President to do so
would be arrested by the courts on account of
its manifest unconstitutionality, even though as-
sented to by Congress and the people? Yet in
the face of all these positive declarations, coming
from every quarter and in every form of language,
the emancipation proclamation was issued. Sir,
was there any room for doubt? Did not its au-
thors know it to be unconstitutional?
But suppose the subject to have been sur-
rounded only by grave doubts of its constitution-
ality, what then? Sir, when I take an oath to
support the Constitution I do it as a conscien-
tious man-, and when called on to do an act that
I consider of doubtful constitutionality the doubt
goes to my oath. And who would do an act that
would leave it doubtful in his own mind whether
he had taken upon his conscience the guilt of
perjury?
Mr. Speaker, we were told by the President
that the oath to support the Constitution embraced
the whole Constitution, the clause providing for
the return of fugitive slaves as well as the rest; and
that " to the proposition that the fugitive slave
shall be returned to his master the oaths of all
members of Congress are unanimous." And
yet, in a short time afterward, we find the fugi-
tive slave law repealed, and the return of the
fugitive prohibited under a heavy penalty. Sir,
it is in tins way that the Constitution has been
trampled under foot, torn, and infracted, and to-
day it is to be crucified in the house of its pro-
fessed friends. And why, and for what? Be-
cause these gentlemen cannot bear the purity of
its doctrines. It testifies against them. It rises
up in judgment against this Administration and
condemns it. It must therefore be struck down,
audits voice forever silenced, that it may no longer
testify against the acts of this Administration.
Mr. Speaker, the State of XCentucky is now the
only State that has any interest in this question,
and I deny that the proposed amendment, though
passed by Congress and ratified by three fourths
of the States, will have any constitutional or bind-
ing force on Kentucky unless she also ratifies it.
I deny the power to make such an amendment
and force it on any State of thcUnion. The right
to the absolute control of slavery and all other
domestic institutions is reserved to the States; it
is but the right of local self-government, and never
was surrendered or delegated in any way to the
Federal Government. These reserved rights never
can be wrested from any State but by the hand of
violence and revolution. Gentlemen contend that
there is no limitation on the power of amendment;
that any change in the Constitution can be made
which may be proposed by Congress and ratified
by thrce.fourthsof the States, though all the others
oppose it. I deny it. If under the claim of amend-
ing the Constitution you can change or destroy
one domestic institution of a State, you can de-
stroy any other or all of them. If, in defiance of
the constitution and laws of Kentucky, you can
take from the people of that State their entire
property in slaves and emancipate them, you can
by the same power take from them their property
in lands also. They have no better nor more se-
cure title to the one than the other. If you can
do this in one State you can in another. If you
can abolish slavery in Kentucky, it follows of
necessity that you can establish it in Massachu-
setts and force it upon the people of that State.
Although the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Boutwell] contended earnestly for the
power, by amendment, to abolish slavery, yet
when asked whether there was power by an amend-
ment to establish slavery in Massachusetts, he
denied that there was any such constitutional
power, and said he would resist it to the last.
In saying this he gave a conclusive answer to his
own argument; he yielded and conceded the whole
question in debate. I say there is neither power
to abolish slavery in the one State, nor to estab-
lish it in the other.
But gentlemen contend that there is no limita-
tion on the power to amend; therefore, by the
action of Congress and three fourths of the States,
any orall of the reserved rights of the other States
may be changed or entirely swept away. They
say that by an amendment proposed by Congress
and ratified by three fourths of the States a mon-
archy can be established, a king crowned and
forced upon the other States, and that all this is
constitutional. Manifestly the power contended
for is a power to subvert and destroy, not to
amend.
The argument is, that it is constitutional to de-
stroy the Constitution. But, sir, all legitimate and
constitutional amendments must have refeience
to, and be consistent with, the great fundamental
principles and framework of the Government. A
power to utterly destroy the Government we have,
and to establish another and entirely different one
on its ruins, was never given; nor does it at all
enter into the idea of a constitutional amendment.
Mr. Speaker, the doctrine of secession haa
justly been regarded as odious, and why? Be-
cause it was a claim that a part of the States had
the right to secede whenever they might choose,
and thus destroy a Government formed for the
protection and benefit of all the States. They
claimed this to be a constitutional right; claimed
that the Constitution had provided for its own
overthrow and destruction. That was an ex-
treme and most erroneous doctrine, but not more
so than the doctrine for which the friends of this
measure are now contending. What is the dif-
ference? The secessionists claimed that part of
the States had the constitutional power and right
by secession to dissolve the Union and break up
the Government; while you claim that part of the
States (three fourths) have the constitutional
power, by amendment, to overthrow the present
Government and establish a monarchy. Both are
extreme doctrines, and equally unsound and false.
Mr. Speaker, the argument of the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Pendleton] oil this question
was sound and unanswerable; it hasnot yetbeen
refuted, nor can it be. Whoever attempts to meet
it will find himself involved in the defense of a
doctrine as extreme and baseless as secession.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] in his
speech 111 reply to his colleague, [Mr. Pekdle-
ton,] in contending for this unlimited power of
amendment, ran into this extreme doctrine, which
is just as groundless as secession. Now, I care not
what may be the popular feeling on this question.
I would rather be right—rather hold on to the
Constitution as the only hope of union, the only
ark of safety—and stand alone, than have all the
people of the North and of the South with me
and be wrong. True loyalty seldom needs much
argument to restrain it from violating the Consti-
tution. But there are influences urging on this
change in the Constitution that 110 argument can
meet—that can not be leasoned away. The very
proposition to make this radical change manifests
a deep dissatisfaction on the part of the North as
well as the South with that" old bond of union."
Years since it was proclaimed by Wendell Phil-
lips, the apostle of abolitionism, that the Consti-
tution of our fathers was " a league with death and
a covenant with hell." How many there are now
who are ready to go with him and lay the hand of
revolution upon that instrument to destroy it!
You are not satisfied with " the Constitution as it
is," and you do not want the Union restored as
it was. While it is said that the rebels are de-
termined to make " slavery the corner-stone" of
a now government in the South, it is equally true
that you are resolved to make abolition the cor-
ner-stone of a new government in the North. The
