740
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
that now paid to the Assistant Secretary of the Navy; and
such an amount as, with existing appropriations, is neces-
sary to pay surli salaries until the expiration of the fiscal
year ending June 30,1866, is hereby appropriated.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand the Senator
to say that that amendmentcome3 from the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir; it is an amend-
ment recommended by the Committee on Finance.
Itisnotanamendmentofmy own; lam instructed
to offer it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senate agreed to
more than this at the last session, but yielded to
the House of Representatives. Now this places
the first assistants in all the Departments on an
equality so far as their salary is concerned, and I
understand it will increase the expenses of the
Government about four thousand dollars a year.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Mis-
souri was authorized by a majority of the Com-
mittee on Finance to report this amendment. I
did not myself vote for it. The law upon the
subject probably is familiar to most Senators:
two of the Assistant Secretaries now receive
$4,000, and the rest of them receive $3,000. At
the last session of Congress the Senate, after con-
siderable debate, agreed to place them on a foot-
ing of equality, at $3,500, but some controversy
occurred about it, and it was finally abandoned by
the committee of conference. The Senate then
voted $3,500 to all. They reduced the compen-
sation of two and increased the compensation of
five, if I recollect aright.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I call the attention of the
Senate to the fact that the proposition of the last
session was more comprehensive than this.
Mr. SHERMAN. It extended to all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This places upon an
equality the first or sole assistants; second assist-
ants are not included.
Mr. SHERMAN. The objection to this is that
I fear it will get up jealousy among these Assist-
ant Secretaries. Now, take the Assistant Post-
master General. The First Assistant is undoubt-
edly the deputy of the Postmaster General, but
the Second Assistant performs duties probably as
responsible as the First Assistant. The First As-
sistant is rather a political position; that is, its
business is the appointment of officers. The
Second Assistant, 1 believe, gives out all the con-
tracts,and theThird Assistant isan important offi-
cer. That is the objection I have to it. I would
much prefer to put them all on the same footing,
at $3,500, which would reduce two and inciease
five, and make very little difference in the aggre-
gate compensation.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no feeling or in-
terest in this matter; but I see no reason why
there should be a distinction among these Assist-
ant Secretaries, who, in the absence of the bead
of the Department, are required to perform the
dutiesof thatoffice. I never could see any reason
for it; I see none now. I cannot see why the
Assistant Secretaiy of the Treasury should re-
ceive more than the first Assistant Secretary of
War, or the Assistant Secretary of the Interior.
I apprehend that at this particular time when the
duties bf Government officers are very greatly
enlarged, these men are all kept busy; 1 appre-
hend that they have all they can possibly do. It
is a fact well known to the Senate that whenever
the duties become very onerous in one of these
Departments, so that the chief and his assistant
cannot do the woik, they come here and get ad-
ditional assistants provided for. That has been
done in many cases.
I know that if we agree to this proposition we
may have some difficulty afterward in regard to
some other officers. Some of the second and third
assistants may suppose they have an equal right
with the first assistant, and perhaps the jealousy
spoken of by the Senator from Ohio may exist.
But there is certainly great jealousy existing now
because of the fact that some of the first assist-
ants ate receiving more than others, when they
ail think they are entitled to as much as those
who are now receiving $4,000.
I do not believe that $3,000 is a sufficient sal-
ary at present for the responsible position held
by these men; and any Senator who knows any-
thing of the expenses of living in this city can
very well certify to what I say. These officers
have to stay here during the whole year. "W e can I
scarcely get along ourselves, and we stay hero
perhaps on an average only six months during
the year, and the rest of the time we are at home.
These men have to remain here all the year round,
and in the absence of the^superior officer they
are compelled to discharge his duties. It seems
to me the salary proposed is low enough, from
what I know of-the duties performed by these men
and of the expenses of living here. 1 am utterly
indifferent as to the fate of the amendment; I care
nothing in regard to it; but I think as a matter
ofstrictjustice to these men itoughtto be adopted.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Missouri
says that he does not see how a person holding
' one of these offices can get along in the city of
Washington for $3,000. I desire to have that
Senator or any other Senator tell me, if that be
true, how the man in the Army who holds a com-
mission ascaptain, with a family at home to sup-
port, and he taken away from them to fight the
battles of the country, can get along for$l,400 or
$1,500 a year.
Mr. HENDERSON. If the Senator expects
me to say that 1 think the line officers are suffi-
ciently paid, he is mistaken. I do not think so.
I think, however, that very large bounties are
now being paid; the soldiers are receiving large
bounties, and rations are furnished in the Army,
so that they can get along tolerably well; but at
the same time I am willing to increase the pay,
especially of line officers. But it is exceedingly
unfair whenever a question of this sort is pre-
sented to throw up the Army. I feel just as de-
sirous of seeing men who are riskipg their lives
day by day and night by night in defense of the
country well paid asany others,and lam notgo-
ing to say that they ought not to be sufficiently
paid; but the Senator must very well realize the
great expense oflivinghere in this place. We are
imposing it on these men, and I think we ought
not to be niggardly about the compensation that
we pay them. We ought at least to pay them
enough to cover their expenses in this city.
Mr. CLAllK. 1 did not mean to be unfair to
the Senator from Missouri or any other person
when I called his attention to the condition of the
line officers of the Army. I was not speaking ill
regard to the soldiers, but those gentlemen in the
Army who go to fight the battles of the country,
not with bounty, but without bounty.
Mr. HENDERSON. If two wrongs exist,
there is no use of the Senator's urging on me the
propriety of continuing both. I think it is en-
tirely proper that we should first rectify one and
then the other. I am willing to rectify the pay
of thejine officers of the Army first, if the Sen-
ator desires it; but there is no use of comparing
the two, and uiging that wrongs exist in regard to
both, and that Lhere should be a continuation of
this rong simply because we cannot relieve both
at the same time.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Missouri
seems to think that I am pushing this matter at
him personally.
Mr. HENDERSON. Not at all.
Mr. CLARK. Certainly! am not. I am only
desiring III ibis way to bung the attention of the
Senate to it. I might instance not only the line
officers of the Army, but some of the under offi-
cers of the Navy, the masters' mates and various
other officers. And if I were to go out of the
Army and out of the Navy, I might ask these
men m Washington who cannot live upon $3,000,
how it is that men with families as large as theirs,
pel haps holding an equally high social position
at home, come here and live as they do upon
$1,200. You have men through all your Depart-
ments living upon $1,200. 1 say this not to show
that the salaries should not be raised in an indi-
vidual case, but to show that this difficulty exists
not only in regard to the Assistant Secretaries of
the Departments and the heads of bureaus, but
that it goes everywhere, and that if we begin we
should take the whole and rectify the whole, and
the first that we should rectify is not these men
who have their thousands for a salary, but the
men who starve upon hundreds. Begin at the
other end. It is where starvation comes or hun-
ger pinches that wo should begin, and not by
equalizing the man with $3,000 to him with $3,500
or $4,000. We should begin where the necessity
exists. And though this may be a small appro-
priation, and it may appear somewhat invidious
to resist it, I will resist all attempts of this kind
till we can lay our hands on the whole at the
proper time and bring these men who are almost
asking our charity up to some proper basis.
There ought to be a general scaling of the sala-
ries; especially those which are so very low and
which are affected more than those that are higher
by the high prices of living, should be brought
up to where the man can live decently; and where
a man has enough to live already, let him live on
till the time comes when we can give him more.
But I do not, I cannot, favor a proposition of this
kind to increase the higher salaries, and let the
lower ones remain where they are; to increase
the few and let the many that are toiling for you
suffer and live in want.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator from New
Hampshire will propose to raise the pay of the
clerks so that they shall not starve, he shall have
my support. I think it is right that it should be
done. I have some little knowledge of the neces-
sary expenses which clerks in the Departments
were put to before the commencement of the war
and the depreciation ofthe currency, and I thought
it was hard work for them to get through the year
on $1,200 then if a man had any family to sup-
port; and now, when the salary of a $1,200 clerk
is really worth to him but $500, I believe it is a
shame that provision is not made for it. That is
my judgment. It ought to be done. Twelve
hundred dollars is not much. Clerks get that
in many of the ordinary employments that they
are called to in the country. In this city, where
it is very expensive to live, and always has been,
$1,200, when a dollar was a full dollar, was re-
garded as a low compensation for a man that was
qualified to serve the public in these offices. But
what is the effect of it? I am told now by the
heads of bureaus that it is driving the best clerks
out of the Departments. They are seeking em-
ployment elsewhere where they can get better
compensation, for the reason that they cannot
support and educate their families in this city on
$1,200,or $1,400, or $1,600. Do we desire that re-
sult? Do we desire to lose the services of the best
clerks? It is not for the good of the public service
that it should be so.
But what is the force ofthe Senator's argument?
He asks why we shall give to an Assistant Secre-
tary $3,000, and toacleik but $1,200. Let me ask
him why we give to a Secretary $8,000, and to a
clerk $1,200? The Senator kn ows very well that
a Secretary has to maintain an establishment here
very different in its expense from that required
of a clerk; and I do not think that the argument
is entitled to much respect, although I have very
much respect for the Senator, which says that a
Secretary and an Assistant Secretary should only
have the compensation that is given to a $1,200
clerk. We expect very different things from a
Secretary. We expect much more of an Assist-
ant Secretary than we do of a clerk. In the first
place, we want much higher talent. For a Sec-
letary we want a man who, at home, can make
some money. We do not want a man for a Sec-
retary or an Assistant Secretary that has to go
around begging for an office to make a living out of
it. We want talent,and therefore we pay fortal-
ent. Talent, the world over, commands money;
and we expect to pay for it. We expect to pay a
Secretary for his brains. We expect to pay a
clerk for his writing, and such brains as the par-
ticular office requires. 1 was astonished to hear
the Senator make a comparison between a clerk
and a Secretary. He might as well make a com-
parison now between a messenger and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury or the Secretary of War;
the one borne down with weighty responsibilities,
and bringing to the position, as it is presumed, the
very highest talent.
I do not think $8,000 is too small a salary for •
a Secretary; but when the Secretaries got $6,000,
the Assistant Secretariesand the heads of bureaus
got just half as much, §3,000. When the com-
pensation of the Secretaries was raised to $8,000,
1 think the Assistant Secretaries ought to have
had so much as half of that, $4,000. It is not
high; it is not an extravagant proposition. The
case is this: it is not right to give one Assistant
Secretary $4,000 and another Assistant Secre-
tary, discharging the same duties and having the
same rank, but $£3,000. if the Senate thinks this
proposition is right, and that we ought to bring
about a correction, let it reduce those who are
getting $4,000. Justice is equality in this matter.
It was the judgment of the Senate at the last ses-
