1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
38th Cong. ... 2d Sess. v
Policy of the Administration—Mr. Long.
Ho. of Reps-.
people of the North are to-day as much dissatis-
fied with the Constitution as are the people of the
South. The doctrine of Wendell Phillips has
become popular, and there is very little true loy-
alty in the North now.
Sir, it was a terrible day for the South when
secession triumphed; and now it is a dark and
fearful day in the North, when another revolution
for the overthrow of the Constitution is about to
be consummated.
Mr. Speaker, the emancipation proclamation
was professedly issued as a military measure to
suppress the rebellion. The hypocrisy of that
profession is seen in the treatment Kentucky has
received. There is not a State that has exhibited
more true loyalty and devotion to the Union, or
made greater sacrifices for its preservation. A
State that has poured out her best blood on every
battle-field; a State that has known more of the
perils and suffered more from the ravages and
desolation of war than all the northern States;
a State to which the most solemn pledges were
again and again made by the President, and by
every department of the Government, that her
local institution? were beyond the power of the
Federal Government and should be held sacred,
is, nevertheless, now to be treated as a rebel State.
Gentlemen whose States have no interest in this
measure sit calmly here, and, in defiance of the
constitution and laws of Kentucky, propose to
strike down and destroy a large portion of the
property and wealth of that State. Not one of
the pledges made to Kentucky has been regarded;
they have all been violated; she has been treated
in bad faith; she has been deceived and betrayed.
And now you propose to convulse all our indus-
trial pursuits by the sudden emancipation of the
entire slave population of the State—a shock that
no community can bear, and one that must prove
ruinous to the best interests of the slaves them-
selves.
Sir, what has been the fruit of your emancipa-
tion policy in this city? Only a day or two since
my attention -was called to a publication, signed
by the Chaplain of this House and others, giving
a most melancholy account of the free negroes
in this city; stating that of the families of blacks
which had been visited,
" One half are without fuel or the means to obtain it.
Women who go out to service put their little ones in bed,
or cover them in rags on the floor, and go in search of* five
or ten cents' worth of work, to buy a stick of wood and a
loaf of bread. Failing to find employment, if the ground
is not frozen, they pull lags from the gutter, wash them at
night, and then sell them to get a little fire and food. Chil-
dren who are old enough assist in this means of obtaining
a living ; and even gather bones from the alleys to sell, after
canying them in storm and mud for a long distance."
Now, sir, before the emancipation act was
passed, I do not believe there could have been
found in this city a single slave suffering for food,
fuel, or shelter; but now we find thatof nine hun-
dred families of free negroes one half of them
are at this momentstarvingand perishing for food
and shelter. There, sir, is the first fruits of your
policy.
And now, after the laboring male slaves have
nearly all been withdrawn from Kentucky and
gathered into the Army, suddenly to emancipate
the remainder of the slave population, consisting
principally of women and children, and throw
them penniless upon the world; what but star-
vation and death will await them? Sir, if your
policy shall be carried out, it will i*esult in the ex-
termination of that unfortunate race. But this is
a question that I feel but little disposed now to
argue; because if Washington himself were here
he could not be heard; or if Paul, who returned
a fugitive slave to his master, were here, and should
again proclaim and command, " Servants, obey
in all things your masters according to the flesh,
not with eye-service as men-pleasers, but in single-
ness of heart," he would not be heard. No, no,
these latter-day saints are too holy for that. They
would never fraternize with Washington nor listen
to the voice of Paul.
But, sir, when this storm of fanaticism shall
have exhausted itself and passed away it will
then be seen that the slaveholders in the slave
States were the only true friends of the slave,
while the abolitionists were his worst and most
cruel enemy. Most of these gentlemen from the
North know but little about the slave, and really
care nothing for him. Their high-sounding pro-
fessions of sympathy for the slave is the mere
stock in trade which they carry into the political
market. The truth is that most of them have no
more real sympathy for the negro than Satan has
forasinner. They mustsee now,and know, that
their policy has already brought suffering, dis-
ease, starvation, and death to thousands of that
race; yet, in full view of all this, and in defiance
of constitutions and laws, we must be hurried on
to the immediate emancipation of all the slaves in
Kentucky. Sir, I protest against it. I would ra-
ther be one of the few men who stand firm against
such fanaticism; I would rather have the honor
(for it will be an honor at some day) of having
stood by, and defended to the last, the Constitution
as made by Washington and the fathers, than to
have all the ephemeral applause that may be be-
stowed upon new converts to the cause of aboli-
tion. As for such applause, I trample it beneath
my feet; I scorn it; i spit upon it; infinitely pre-
ferring the proud consciousness of having been
true to principle, true to the Constitution, and
true to the Government bequeathed to us by our
fathers, and purchased for us with their blood.
Mr. Speaker, men of true loyalty, who ardently
desired and hoped to see the old Union restored,
begin now to despair. There is a powerful party
in the South opposing it with arms in their hands;
there is also a strong party here in the North op-
posed to it. They are resolved to make radical
and fundamental changes in the Constitution. It
has been said that certain peace negotiators haye
been electioneering with members in this Hall in
favor of the proposed amendment, on the ground
that it will have a happy effect on Jefferson Davis
in bringing him to terms. Why, sir, the whole
policy of this Administration on the negro ques-
tion has been exactly what Davis and his cabinet
would have advised if they had been consulted;
and this amendment, if passed, will be another
firebrand thrown into the South. Davis would
like to see it passed, because it will still more ex-
asperate and band together the people of the South
in a determined and desperate struggle for life or
death.
Sir, the rebellion would long since have been
subdued but for the continued attempt to conquer
it by sectionalism. It was nothing but this that
first made the breach between the North and
South, and brought on all our troubles; and yet
the party in power resort to sectionalism, and
nothing but sectionalism, as the only remedy.
They insist that the whole South must be aboli-
tiomzed and forced to adopt the local policy of the
North. Sir, a madman would succeed just as well
in attempting to extinguish aflame by continually
throwing on fuel. Yet such has been, and no doubt
will still be, the policy of that party, and there is
great reason to fear that the Union will never be
restored.
Mr. Speaker, I will not repeat the argument.
But I deny that there is any constitutional power
to force any domestic institution or local policy
upon any State. I deny that you have any more
constitutional power, to abolish slavery in Ken-
tucky and change her domestic institutions, than
you have to establish a monarchy there. If you
pass such an amendment as this, you do it by the
arbitrary and wanton exercise of power, stripped
of all constitutional justification, and palpably
unjust and oppressive. Sir, we are surrounded
by fearful and threatening perils on every hand;
the times are alarming, and there is danger that
the Constitution, after all that has been done and
suffered to preserve it, may at last sink and per-
ish by the hand of revolution in the North.
POLICY OP THE ADMINISTRATION.
SPEECH OF HON. ALEX. LONG,
OF OHIO,
In the House of Representatives
February 7, 1865.
The House being in Committee of the Whole on the
stale of the Union-
Mr. LONG said:
Mr. Chairman: I ask the indulgence of the
committee for the purpose of submitting a few re-
marks upon the present deplorable and unhappy
JiNb'> bv/feel
  been fc
.-'bonds.
Spain,
condition of the country and the madness and
fanaticism that rules the hour; but, as I said'on
a former occasion I repeat now, I speak for my-
self, and for what I may say and the opinions |
entertain I alone am responsible, as well to the
country as to the intelligent constituency who
honored me with a seat in thi's assembly; and
while entertaining views diametrically opposed to
the adherents of the Administration, and at vari-
ance with the opinions of some of my political
friends upon this floor, I trust that I shall be able
to express myself without violating any of the
rules of debate, or infringing upon either the court-
esy of the House or the dignity of legislation.
Mr. Chairman, there are many who tell us that
the policy of war and subjugation has been set-
tled by the result of the presidential election.
They insist that it is now a finality, and that it is
the imperative duty of all good citizens to carry
the point of acquiescence in the popular verdict into
fu tu re supportand approval of the Administration.
I do not so regard it. Under a republican form
of government there ought to be no finalities of
this character. It is as much an obligation upon
any citizen or member of arepublican community
to tender to those in authority his advice, if he
regards it as valuable and essential, after an elec-
tion as before. It is not to be supposed that the
apparent majority of the people, by their votes in
favor of Mr. Lincoln, intended absolutely to in-
struct him to pursue his policy without regard tq
change of circumstances. To suppose so would
be to argue a want of discretion and a folly un-
worthy of intelligent men. The ears of Mr. Lin-
coln and his Cabinet should always be open to
receive suggestions touching their political action
from any of their constituents. Those of us who
honestly and sincerely believe the war is wrong,
wrong in principle and can by no possibility
achieve any valuable result, but that on the con-
trary its continuance will impoverish and ruin
the country, both North and South, are in duty
bound to express such views when the subject is
presented for consideration. Truth is powerful
and mighty, and our opponents of the majority,
and their representatives in the Administration,
may change their views and adopt a different pol-
icy atany time; so may the majority of the people
at home. Mr. Lincoln himself, as I have been
informed, in July, 1861, in a conversation with
gentlemen from Kentucky, some of whom are
upon this floor, said " that if a majority of the
people of the South were not really for the Union,
and were not restrained from the expression of
loyal sentiments by military violence, then this
war was more than a blunder; it was a gigantic
crime." It is fair to assume that if the President*)
can become satisfied upon this point, of which I
have not the slightest doubt, he will act upon such
conviction; at any rate, neither he nor his friends
have any cause of complaint against those who
adopt his conclusions upon testimony satisfactory
to them. It would be disrespectful to the Chief
Magistrate to assume that he was not sincere or
truthful in his statement as to the course of con-
duct that would govern him in a given contin-
gency. Even in ordinary questions of party dif-
ference the result of no election is considered
finally decisive of the issue, or to be of such a
character as to cause the minority to give up the
struggle. Especially, Mr. Chairman, is it the
duty of the Representatives of the people upon
this floor fearlessly to express their opinions,
under all circumstances.
Sir, cast your eye over the examples of history,
and you will find uniformly that wars for inde-
pendence and separation of geographical parts are
successful upon the side of the separationists.
When the affections of lnrgemasses of the people
in suclvgEographical divisions become alienated
frony&ch other, and such alienation is succeeded
by,feelings of relentless hostility, it has always
found impossible to hold them in common
Look at the separation of Portugal from
, of Holland from Spain, subsequently of
Holland from Belgium, of the United States from
England, of Mexico from Spain, South America
from Spain, St. Domingo from France, of Texas
from Mexico, Greece from Turkey, and numerous
other instances; in every one of which the cry
for separation upon one side was answered by
armed coercion and subjugation on the other. In
