1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
74?
sion that this ought to be done, and we finally
agreed to a compromise, allowing $3,500 to all,
but the other House would not consent to reduce
those who were getting §4,000 down to $3,500.
This proposition is to let the first assistants have
$4,000; it is a fair thing.
jNow about the comparison between the officers
of the Army in the field and the Assistant Secre-
taries. I understand that there is a proposition
likely to be presented to this body by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to provide for the offi-
cers in the field by commuting their rations at
fifty cents instead of thirty cents, and also by re-
lieving them from the Federal income tax. 1 do
not know whether that will be brought before the
body, or whether it has already been presented.
The chairman of that committee nods to me that
that is so. That, then, is to be provided for, and
when that proposition comes before this body it
shall receive my support. I think it is right.
Then 1 answer the Senator from New Hampshire
that a provision is to be made by the Committee
on Military Affairs for those men for whom he
drops a tear but introduces no measure. If they
are not paid enough, why does not that Senator,
from his responsible position, provide for them
and let them be paid now? We are not so poor
that we must make men fight at starving rates.
We are not so poor as a country that we must
make the clerks in the Departments here serve
the public at a compensation that will not sup-
port them and educate their children. It ought
not to be asked, and I do not think the people of
the country require it. As far as I know, they
pay their taxes cheerfully. If more taxes are
necessary I suppose they will pay them, though
I think they are quite as high as the business of
the country will allow. The two comparisons I
do not think justify the argument of the Senator.
Mr. CLARK. I was not aware that I started
any such argument, or any such line of argument,
as the Senator from Indiana attributes to me. 1
did not inquire why we paid a Secretary $8,000,
or why we paid an Assistant Secretary §4,000or
§3,000. The tendency of my remarks was, as I
intended they should be, to show that if we be-
gan to raise salaries we should begin with the men
who needed the increase most, among the persons
who had the smallest salaries, and who found the
greatest difficulty to live, and not among those
who received the largest sum, and could live upon
that sum. I know very well that we pay a large
salary to the head of a Department for the amount
(if the Senator pleases so to say) of brains he
brings to it; but I have sometimes thought that
in some minor places of the Departments we gave
the most money for the leastbrains. We do not
always graduate our pay according to what we
get; and I am not by any means sure that we do
not get as much orains in some smaller offices as
we get in some that are larger. I, of course, have
no reference to anybody in the world. But the
pay should be somewhat in proportion to the ser-
vices rendered as well as to the state maintained.
A man can better foiego the state and equipage
than he can get rid of the gnawings of hunger. I
insist that this increase should not be madeamong
the higher salaries, and the lower ones be neg-
lected; that is all I mean to say. I shall vote
cheerfully, as the Senator from Indiana, I have
no doubt, will do, for the increase of the pay of
the smaller officers. I shall vote for the increase
of the pay of the officers of the Army when it
comes properly before the Senate. The Senator
puts to me the question why I have not introduced
such a measure. For two or three reasons, and
the Senator knows what they are. Hewellknows
that the question answeis itself when it is pro-
pounded. He knows that measure should come
from the Military Committee where it was prop-
erly put, and he well knows that I am not upon
that committee. I am told that the Military Com-
mittee are about to propose something for the
increase of the officers' pay. I certainly shall
vote for it in any reasonable shape or to any rea-
sonable amount; and I desire, when we take hold
of the question of salaries, that we take hold in
that direction; and if the objection is that the sal-
aries are unequal—and that seems to bear upon
the Senator's mind—I will very much more
readily go for the proposition of the last session
to bring all these officers to a level at §3,500,
rather than to put them all up to $4,000.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I do not exactly know
what connection the subject which is now being
debated has with the bill before the Senate; but
as it is said that some of the officers of the Army
do not get pay enough, I wish to make a sug-
gestion, and that is, whether the Lieutenan^Gen-
eral of the armies of the United States does not
get too much. I saw him for the first time on
the floor of the Senate this morning, and I sug-
gest whether the President has not made a great
mistake in appointing htm, for this reason: he
seems to be a man who does not know how to
put on a swell, or to strut. Take the lieutenants
and provost marshals whom Mr. Stanton sends
down to our State to keep us from voting, and
any one of them can outswell General Grant ten
to one. It seems to me this is a proper consid-
eration, whether a Lieutenant General who can-
not put on the swell and the airs of a lieutenant
in the Delaware home guards or some provost
marshal that Mr. Stanton sends into States that
are peaceable and quiet, is entitled to the com-
pensation which the Lieutenant General now re-
ceives.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the pending amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. I am going to vote for the amend-
ment. I believe it is as true of the Government
of the United States as it is of any corporation or
of private individuals, that if they want good ser-
vice they must pay for it. They are not sure of
getting good service if they do pay for it, but
they are pretty sure not to get good service if they
do not pay for it. I believe the pay of the officers
referred to in this amendment is quite inadequate.
I therefore propose to vote for the amendment,
because I think its tendency is to make it nearer
adequate. I do not think it is a good answer to
say that there are other office! s in our service who
need or deserve an increase of salary more. It
is a sufficient reason, in my judgment, to vote for
this measure of justice because it is now pro-
posed to us, and it will be a sufficient reason to
vote for any other measure of justice when it
shall be proposed to us. I do not see the pro-
priety of ignoring a measure the justice of which
we all admit out of any mere apprehension that
by and by a similar measure may be proposed
in reference to another class of officers, and will
not be assented to. Let us take these measures
as they are proposed to us, and vote upon them
as they are proposed to us. I vote for this now
because it is now before us.
Mr. POWELL. 1 shall vote most cheerfully
for this amendment. I very fully concur with
the Senator from Wisconsin, that you cannot get
good service unless you pay for it. I think there
is no economy in half paying your officials. If
you expect to get the services of competent'and
faithful men, you must give them u remunerative
salary.
Wow, sir, what will be the pay of the Assist-
ant Secretaries, who do not now receive §4,000,
when it shall be raised to that sum? It will be
a good deal less than §2,000, for the greenback
money in which they are now paid is not worth
fifty cents on the dollar; it is to-day worth between
forty and forty-five cents, perhaps; so they will
really get less than §2,000 a year. For the abil-
ity required of the Assistant Secretary of one of
the Departments, that is very poor remuneration.
It will not compensate them for their labor, and,
moreover, they cannot live and maintain their
families properly in this city on that sum.
The Senator from New Hampshire talks about
raising the pay of the soldiers and the officers of
the Army. I regret very much that that was not
done last year. I proposed an amendment to a
bill under consideration at that time providing
that officers and soldiers of the Army should be
paid in gold, or its equivalent when they could
not receive gold. That would have raised their
pay very much, but I could not get the Senate to
adopt the proposition. I am to-day prepared to
increase the pay of the officers and soldiers of the
Army.
1 am in favor of this amendment for another
reason. I can see no reason for discriminating be-
tween these Assistant Secrctai ies. Some of them
now get §4,000, some §3,500, and some §3,000.
It is no answer to tell us that there are other offi-
cers who are not paid a sufficient compensation.
I will say to Senators that whenever they bring
forward a bill to increase the pay of officers and
soldiers of the Army, I, for one, am prepared to
vote for it. I kno\V that their pay is not sufficient
now, but I know, too, that no man can live and
support his family in this city in that kind of style
which is expected from the Assistant Secretary
of a Department for a sum of money less than
§2,000 a year. 1 know that §4,000 sounds like a',
large sum; but you must remember that it is not
paid in money, but in the depreciated paper cur-
rency of this Government, so that it is less than
§2,000 in gold. From the adjournment of this
Congress until the next session it will not average
probably more than fifteen or sixteen hundred
dollars in gold, and you paid that much money to
large numbers of clerks before the depreciation of
the currency.
Mr. HALE. The suggestions which have been
made by the Senator from Kentucky in regard to
the depreciation of the currency and the cost of
living apply to every employe of this Govern-
ment, from the President down to the humblest
messenger^ and every argument of that sort which
can be suggested for raising these salaries will
apply to everybody who is paid any salary by the
Government of the United States, because all our
employes are paid in depreciated currency; and
unless we are willing to advance all salaries at.
least one hundred per cent., it seems to me that
argument can be of no weight.
1 may possibly be supposed not to speak with
great partiality for the Assistant Secretary of the
Navy. I thought at the time his office was cre-
ated that it was unjust to pay liima higher salary
than oth^- Assistant Secretaries, and upon my
motion I think—at least if I did not make the mo-
tion I advocated it—the Senate agreed at the last
session to fixthe salary of these AssistantSecreta-
nes at §3,500. That was taking off §500 from the
Assistant Secretary of the Navy and the Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury, and putting §500 on
the salaries of the others. Thereupon a howl
was made by all those newspapers that are spe-
cially devoted to the interests of the actual Secre-
tary of the Navy that Mr. Hale, from selfish and
other bad motives, had made ail attack upon the
Assistant Secretary of the Navy, merely because I
wanted to put him on the same footing with the
other Assistant Secretaries. 1 am of the same
opinion now. I think the provision which gives
the Assistant Secretary of the Navy §4,000 and
other Assistant Secretaries §3,000, is unjust and
invidious, and it ought not to stand upon the
statute-book. I am opposed, however, to raising
any of these salaries. I voted against raising the
salary of members of Congress, and 1 have voted
and shall vote against raising the pay of any offi-
cer except wherel think an increaseisabsolutely
necessary. I believe I did vote once to laise the
salary of the consul tit Halifax because I thought
it ought to be raised. But unless we are prepared
to enter upon ageneral increase of all salaries to
an extent equivalent to the depreciation of the cur-
rency of the Government, we ought not to venture
upon an experiment of this kind. I shall vote in
fasvor of reducing the salary of the Assistant Sec-
retary of the Navy to that of the other Assisiant
Secretaries, not that I am governed by any motives
of peculiar hostility to that officer, but I think as
a matter of justice to them all this provision ought
to be done away with. If it is in order to do so,
I will move to amend the amendment by strik-
ing it all out after the enacting clause, and pro-
viding that from and after the commencement of
the nextfiscal year the salaries of all the Assistant
Secretaries shall be §3,000, or if the Senate pre-
fer to put it at §3,500 1 shall be satisfied.
Several Senators. Say §3,500.
Mr. HALE. Well, I will say §3,500.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
inthechair.) The amendment of the Senator from
New Hampshire will be read.
The Secretary read theamendmen t to the amend-
ment, which was to strike out all after the enact-
ing clause of the amendment proposed by Mr.
Henderson, and to insert the following:
That from and after the commencement of the next fis-
cal year, tlie salaries of all the ArM?tant Secretaries ol Ml©
Kxcoutive iiepartmwits shall be j$3,f>00 per annum.
Mr. COLLAMER. Why should so much
pains betaken to pass over the Post Office De-
partment ? Why should not the Assistant Post-
masters Geneial have the same pay as the Assist-
ant Secretaries ?
Mr. CONJNESS. This will include them.
