THE- CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
Mr. COLLAMER. No, they are not "Assist-
ant Secretaries."
' Mr. OONNESS. We can add them.
Mr. HALE. I am willing to include them.
Mr. HENDERSON. The amendment, a§ I
proposed it, included the First Assistant Post-
piaster General.
Mr. COLLAMER. It included the one who
has the least to do, but carefully left out the two
\Wio have the most to do.
Mr. HENDERSON. Do I understand the
amendment of thfe Senator from New Hamp-
shire now to be to allow $3,500 to all Assistant
Secretaries?
Mr. HALE. Yes; and the Assistant Postmas-
ter General.
Mr. COLLAM ER. And " the Assistant Attor-
ney General" ought to be added.
Mr. HALE. Verv well.
Mr. HENDERSON. I think the Assistant
Attorney General gets $3,500 now.
Mr. COWAN. No, only #3,000. *
Mr. HENDRICKS. If it is the pleasure of
the Senate to adopt the proposition of the Sena-
tor from New Hampshire, I have no objection.
I want to see equality among the officers of this
grade. The proposition of the Senator from Mis-
souri affects the Treasury just $4,500. If the
Senate thinks that is a matter of such consequence
as to go away from it and adopt another propo-
sition, very well. I want to see them equalized.
The proposition of the Senator from New Hamp-
shire, 1 understand, will take more money out of
the Treasury than that of the Senator item Mis-
souri. I think the First Assistants in the various
Departments ought to be provided with a salary
equal to half that of the head of the Department.
Now"," as to the Second and Third Assistant Post-
masters General, they are simply the heads of bu-
reaus. The First Assistant Postmaster General,
in the absence of the head of that Department,
represents him and has the responsibility of that
position. 1 do not know whether he does more
work or less work than iheSecond and Third As-
sistants, but the one is over the whole Department,
and the others are but bureau officers, corre-
sponding with the Commissioner of the General
Land Office and the Commissioner of Pensions. I
think the proposition of the Senator from Mis-
souri, coming from the Committee on Finance, is
the right one, to make all who are the First Assist-
ants, and who represent the head of the Depart-
ment in his absence, equal at $4,000, just half the
pay of the Secretaries; and it will affect the Treas-
ury just $4,500, as 1 understand from the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Th6 amend-
ment of the Senator from New Hampshire will
be now read as it has been modified.
The Secretary read the amendment, which was
to strike out all after the enacting clause of the
section proposed by Mr. Henderson, and to in-
sert the following:
That from and afler the* commencement of the next fis-
cal ye;ir the salaiy of each of the Assistant Secretaries of
the Executive Departments, the Assistant Attorney Gen-
eral, and the First Assistant Postmaster Geneial, shall be
$3,500 per annum.
Mr. COLLAMER. I object to saying(< First
Assistant Postmaster General." I want to say
" the Assistant Postmasters General."
Mr. HALE. 1 have not the slightest feeling
or judgment on that point. The Senator from
Indiana, on whose judgment in these matters I
rely with great confidence, though 1 do not have
so much respect for his political opinions gen-
erally, thinks it would be unjust to include the
Other Assistant Postmasteis General, because they
are mere heads of bureaus. But the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads makes the suggestion that the three
Assistant Postmasters General should be in-
cluded, and of course I shall not set myself up
in opposition to him, but will accept his modi-
fication.
The amendment to the amendment, as modified,
was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. COLLAMER. I am opposed to this prop-
osition. If we are to begin this system it seems
to me wp are beginning at the wrong end, with
those who got the large salaries; and I do not
know where it is to end. Are we to go on scaling
and raising the pay of all the employes of the
Government, civil and military,pro rata, if you
please? Are we to issue more greenbacks for
that purpose?—for there is no other way to pay
them.* If we do, the increased number of green-
backs they will get will not, in six months more,
buy as much as the greenbacks they now get
will buy. X do not want to visit them With such
a calamity as that.
Mr. STEWART. Let the amendment be read
as it now stands.
Th  Secretary read the amendment, as follows:
insert aea new section:
And be it further enacted, That from and after the com-
mencement of the next fiscal year, the salary of each of the
Assistant Secretaries of the Executive Departments, the
Assistant Attorney General, and the three Assistant Post-
masters General, shall be $3,500 per annum.
Mr. CONNESS. I shall vote for this amend-
ment as now proposed. I see in it, or hope I see
in it, a final adjustment of this difficult question.
It will be remembered that it occupied our time a
great deal during the last session. There is also
an apparent injustice in paying the Assistant Sec-
retary of one Department $4,000, while the As-
sistant Secretary of another Department, certainly
equally occupied and with equally important du-
ties and liabilities, is paid but $3,000. If you
undertake to equalize these assistants, as sug-
gested by the honorable Senator from Vermont,
there is the greatest justice in extending the slight
increase that is made to the Second and Third
Assistant Postmasters General, who really per-
form the most important duties in their Depart-
ment, and, in my opinion, rank among their best
public officers. I did not look on this as an in-
crease of salary, but as an adjustment of a ques-
tion that comes up every session and occupies
the time and attention of Congress. I shall there-
fore vote for the amendment.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 17; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Utickalcw, Chandler, Conness, Cowan,
Doolittle, Foster, Halo, Hailan, Hendricks, Howe, John-
son, Lane of Indiana, Ne?mith, Nye, Powell, Ham-ey,
Kiddle, Stewart,Tiuinbull, Wilkinson, and VVillej — -21.
N AYc5—Messrs. Anthony, 15 town, Clark*, Col lamer,
Davis Dixon, Farwell, Ci mies, Henderson,Morgan, Mor-
rill, Pomcroy, Saulsbury, Spiague, Sumner, Ten Eyck, and
Wilson—17.
ABSENT—Messrs.Carlile, Foot, Hardin?,Harris,Hicks,
Ilowaid, Lane of Kansas* MeI>ou?all, Richardson, Shei-
inan, Van Winkle, Wade, and Wright—13.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to state that my col-
league [Mr. Van Winkle] is detained from his
seat by indisposition.
Mr. WILSON. I offer this amendment as ad-
ditional sections:
And be it finthcr enaded, That from and after the 1st day
of March, 1865, and during the continuance of the present
rebellion, the commutation price of officers' subsistence
bhall be fifty cents per ration: Provided ^ Th.it ^aid increase
hhall not apply to the enmmnt.itmn price ot the rations of
any ollieer above the rank of brevet brigadier genera!, or
oi anv olhcer entitled to commutation lor fuel or quarters.
Anil he it fat then enacted, That hereafter, during the
continuance of the present rebellion, there shall be no de-
ductions made from, or Income tax levied upon, the salary
of any officer in the military or nav.il service ; and ail acts
or pait*s of acts inconsistent herewith aie hereby repealed.
 /JnrI be it further cnacted, That all officers ol volunteers,
who shall continue in the military seivice to the close ot
the war, shall be entitled to receive, upon being mu^teicd
out of said M'.rvico, three months' pay proper Provided,
That the provisions of this section shall not apply to offi-
cers not on duty, or to officers entitled to commutation of
fuel and quarters.
I will simply say that the first section of this
amendment provides for increasing the ration from
thirty to fifty cents to officers below the rank of
brevet brigadier general. It does not apply to
brigadier or major generals,and it does not apply
to officers who receive commutation for fuel or
quarters. It applies to officers in the field.
The second section of the amendment relieves
the officers of the Army and Navy from the in-
come tax that we have put upon them since they
went into the service, which is a great burden
upon them, especially the extra tax of five per
cent, imposed by the act of July 4 last.
The third section gives three months'pay proper
to volunteer officers who shall continue m the ser-
vice till the close of the war; not officers who have
fuel and quarters at the rear, but officers who are
in the fields and not to officers off duty, but to
officers at the frontdoing their duty. I hope this
amendment will prevail.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to call tho Sena-
tor's attention to one point in connection with the
last section of his amendment. The provision
is that the allowances there made shall not apply
to officers not on duty. A man at that time may
have been off duty perhaps a week, and he should
not be excluded.
Mr. GRIMES. I suggest to the Senator from
Massachusetts that we take the vote sepaiately
on the first two sections, and then on the third
section.
Mr. WILSON. I am willing to agree to that.
Mr. HALE. I want to inquire if this amend-
ment comes from a committee.
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir; from the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. COLLAMER. Do they recommend that
it be put on this bill?
Mr. WILSON. I will say that the bill of which
this amendment is a copy was reported by the
authority of the Committee on Military Affairs,
and 1 have obtained the assent of a majority of
the committee, those who are present to-day, to
move it as an amendment to this bill. It is proper,
I think, that it should go on this bill. Action
ought to be had in the matter, especially for the
reason that we ought to give some assurance to
the men who are about entering on the spring
campaign that we are to do something for their
benefit; for I tell you, sir, that the information
from all our armies is that the line officers are
really suffering for some aid. This amendment
applies to the officers in the field who get no com-
mutation for fuel or quarters. That makes a great
difference. The difference between the allowances
of a captain in the front and a captain on duty in
Washington receiving commutation for fuel and
quarters is about six hundred dollars a year.
This provision does not apply to those who get
this commutation, butis for the benefit of the men
who are fighting the battles of the country. I
think we ought to make this allowance. 1 think
it will be better made in this form, increasing the
value of the ration, and will do more justice than
we can in any other form. I hope the amend-
ment will be adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am disappointed that the
Senator from Massachusetts should offer this
amendment at this time on this appropriation bill.
This bill makes appropriation for legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial expenses; it does not affect
the pay of the Army; there is nothing in the bill
about the pay of the Army. Within a week we
shall have before us the bill which does make ap-
propriations for the support of the Army. If it be
at all proper to put a legislative measure on an
appropriation bill, this provision certainly should
not be put on this bill. We ought to have some
little sense of the propriety of things and the proper
place to put our legislation, and it seems to me,
therefore, we ought not to put it upon this legisla-
tive appropriation bill. 1 am not prepared to say
whether I shall vote for or against this provision
at some pioper place, but I shall certainly oppose
lis being put on this bill. There is nothing in
this bill in regard to the pay of the Army. It is
true we have attached the deficiency bill to this
bill, but it was under peculiar circumstances,and
it is sufficient to put that on this bill without load-
ing it with measures that will be controverted be-
tween the two Houses. I hope the Senator will
withdiavv this proposition,and I can tellhimthut
early next week we shall probably repoit the
Army appropriation bill, and it will be before the
Senate within a week or ten days.
Mr. WILSON. In accordance with the sug-
gestions of the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance,! withdraw the amendment now, with the
understanding thatit is to be moved on the Army
appropriation bill whenever it comes up.
Mr, ANTHONY. I wish to make a sugges-
tion in connection with the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, which is now with-
drawn. I agree with the object of it, but I hope
the Committee on Military Affairs will propose
to raise the pay of the officers of the Army in some
other way than by taking off the income tax. I
prefer that the amount should be added to their
pay either pro rata or by a percentage, for I think
that if we begin to make exemptions from the
income tax we are liable to go a great deal further
than we intend to go when we make the provision.
Mr. COLLAMER. I have been chargedwith
some amendments by the Committee on the Li-
brary. i moveinlineonehundredandeighty-nine,
on page 9, to strike out "five" and insertu eight,"
