56
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 1,
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Policy of the Administration—Mr. Long.
Ho. of Reps.
all of them theodds as to wealth, power, and num-
bers were as great in favor of the coercion party
as they are in the present instance. Yet in each
case, I repeat, the coercing policy failed, ending
only in ignominy and defeat, as it must ever do
under the providence of God, because it is in der-
ogation of His laws.
, Some fastidious and excessively loyal gentle-
men may be offended by these historical illustra-
tions, and consider them unpatriotic, if not trea-
sonable. But are they not true ? And does pa-
triotism and loyalty demand that historical truths
be suppressed ? If they do, then am I unpatriotic
and disloyal also. My theory is that if any cause
cannot survive the truth it ought to perish. I know
it will perish.
A word or two in this connection upon this sub-
ject of patriotism. What can be more ungener-
ous than this claim to superior patriotism upon the
part of those who favor llie policy of war and sub-
jugation over those of us who are opposed to it?
How offensive to truth and justice. It is a com-
pound of presumption, impertinence, and egotism,
that cannot he too firmly rebuked and indignantly
repelled. It is remarkable how it can come from
the lips of any man who has the spirit of a gen-
tleman, whose sensibilities are always alive to the
rights and opinions of others, however widely
they may difFer with him. Mr. Chairman, I im-
pugn the patriotism of no man simply because
he believes in the wisdom and justice of the war,
and X regard itas an unjust aspersion of my char-
acter, as an independentRepresentative upon this
floor, bound at ali times to speak the truth as I
understand it, to have my fidelity and patriotism
called in question because 1 regard the war in a
different light from others. Such charges awaken
in me no emotion save that of pity and con-
tempt for the gentlemen who make them; they be-
tray a want of that elevated statesmanship which
rises above the mere partisan and from a patriotic
stand-point calmly and impartially surveys the
honest opinions of men,and gatlicisthciefiom the
duties of the crisis. We who have opposed this
■war have given the highest possible proof of our
love of country. We have given marked proof
of our honesty, sincerity, and disinterestedness.
There have been no profitable contracts to give to
gentlemen of our school; there have been no rich
and lucrative offices in that direction; it has not
been the road to wealth and patronage; without
power, without patronage, no place to offer, 110
office to bestow, nothing with which to tempt or
beguile, dazzle or allure, we have stood firmly
upon our honest convictions of duty in striving
to promote the welfare of our country, and pre-
serve the republican form of government be-
' queathed us by our fathers. It is a fact that has
not escaped my observation, that by a singular
coincidence many of those who have vaunted
so loudly their patriotism have been made im-
mensely wealthy through its lnstrumcp! hty. Of
course 1 cast no imputations upon disinterested-
ness of motive, although the fact is one that to
those inclined to be censorious might suggest
many reflections. Patriotism has been a paying
virtue thus far under the war and subjugation pol-
icy ; it is seldom that a virtue has been so easily
coined into gold. For us, on the other hand, there
has been proscription and persecution; for us have
been the Bastile and the mob; upon us have rested
the darkest frowns of power, and the heaviest male-
dictions and curses. Apostasy on the one hand
tendered a golden reward, on the other frowned
the dangers of a prison. Men who thus display
their highest moral heroism are not very likely to
be unpatriotic, or to be guilty of treason. The
virtues, like the graces, generally go hand in hand.
It is a proud subject for congratulation that, de-
spiteall terrif.caliy adverse influences, the number
of those who denounced this war has been steadily
!]"d rapidly increased. Fromafew hundred who
dared toexpress themselves in opposition to it in
1861, they are become hundreds of thousands in
i860, and the progress of events is daily adding
to then- numbers.
Kut to return from this digression. No super-
structure resting upon falsehood and error can
endure. Wars tor geographical unity end in dis-
integration. Wars for religious uniformity end
in further religious divisions. Although the odds
may apparently be in favor of the coercion party,
yet they really, on account of the physical and
moral difficulties of the undertaking, are with
the separationists. Our Army has done all that
brave men could do. No soldiers have ever fought
better. They have, in the main, been ably com-
manded; but brave as they are, and able as have
been their commanders, they cannot overcome
impossibilities. The extermination of the south-
ern people is an impossibility. The failure of
success proceeds from the fact that eight or ten
million people, fighting upon their own soil, are
fully a match for eighteen million whose armies
have to be transported vast distances and at fright-
ful expense to the scene of action. Time and
space fight upon the side of the assailed,and well
make up for the difference in numbers.
So much for the mere physical differences that
attend the war upon our part. It has been waged
for four years upon a scale the magnitude of
which has astonished the world. Armies so im-
mense were never before broughtinto the field by
any civilized country of three times our popula-
tion. The experiment of war has been fully tried,
and has resulted hi widening the breach it was in-
tended to heal, and it has well been denominated
in the Chicago platform "a failure." It is use-
less for gentlemen to deny this; they may point
to the territory that has been apparently won and
the victories that we have gained, but what results
have followed? The victories have been barren
and unproductive of good; and the territory won
is really nothing but the ground our brave soldiers
stand upon, and which is commanded by their
guns. The wave of the hostile population divided
by the invading army closes up immediately be-
hind it, and the feelings of the people are more
intensely bitter against us, and they are more
thoroughly united for separation from us than
they were when the war commenced. None of
the consequences have followed the capture of
Vicksburg, Atlanta, Savannah, and other points,
that were anticipated by the advocates of the
present policy, and it is equally certain that a
similar disappointment would follow the capture
of Richmond, Charleston, and other strongholds
yet in their possession.
The war is ostensibly waged to preserve intact
our political institutions; it is in fact destroying
them. Instead of being calculated to prevent fu-
ture changes and revolutions, it is really beget-
ting them. Those who desire to preserve exist-
ing conditions of society and be spared future
revolutions should use their influence to bring
the war to aspeedy termination. It is unsettling
everything. It is engendering discord and bitter-
ness where before there was concord and har-
mony. It is developing opposition of interests
where before there was supposed to be uniform-
ity. It is creating sectional interests, differences,
and animosities, in addition to those heretofore
existing. It is multiplying the genus of a terrible
social change and revolution. The most radical,
revolutionary, and disorganizing doctrines have
been brought into vogue by the war; doctrines
which sweep away the whole fabric of our insti-
tutions. We are in fact vibrating between anarchy
and despotism. Some of the questions already
growing out of the war will be impossible to
settle, and may produce evils scarcely inferior to
the war itself. _ The most hateful elements of
discord and strife have now fairly entered the
American body-politic, and he would be a won-
derful magician indeed who could cause them to
be exorcised. How absurd the idea that if we
acquiesce in the separation of the South other
sections will immediately and necessarily follow
its example. To affirm that other States will
secede, unless forcibly prevented, is to confess
that there are fatal defects in the Union some-
where, and that it will naturally tumble to pieces
unless prevented by forcible measures.
The argument of our opponents proves too
much. Is it really true that all the component
parts of our Confederacy arc held together solely
by force, and that all are anxious to escape from
a galling chain? Are they willing to admit this?
Is this the best Government upon earth which
we have all been taught to admiie and venerate?
Ought a confederacy of States to exist, if nil or a
large majority of its members are desirous, as our
opponents seem to think, of separation?
The truth is, there is no necessary connection
between the secession of the South and subse-
quent secession, should the war terminate now;
but the time will come in its future prosecution,
should it be persisted in, when such point may
be reached. Men do notcapriciously change and
break up governmental relations. The Declara-
tion of Independence well says:
".AH experience hath shown that mankind are more dis-
posed to suffer while evils are, suffcrable than to light
themselves !>y abolishing the forms to winch tney are ac-
customed."
Peace and separation will not produce future
secession, but the war and its prosecution in all
probability will. The welfare of the individual
being the primary end of all republican govern-
ment, and our Government being but an agent of
the States, created by the States, and clothed by
them with delegated powers, limited and well
defined, it must be apparent that when a State
desires to secede from the Union thus formed it
does so under the belief that it will be better off
out of than in the Union. The original incentive
to union is in the idea or belief that union is pref-
erable to isolation; that a State will be better in
than out of the Union. It follows, therefore, that
if union is preferable to isolation, there will al-
ways be union of some kind. If, on the other
hand, isolation is preferable to union, then the
natural status of the State is isolation, and union
cannot be compelled by coercion.
The experiment now being tried at so fearful a
sacrifice of blood and treasure will in the end
demonstrate to the world that confederacies can-
not be held together by the mud policy of coer-
cion. Governments deriving their just powers
from the consent of the governed, and existing
only in the hearts and affections of the people,
cannot be held together by force, but they may be
preserved by a spirit of compromise and mutual
concession, which gentlemen on the other side of
the House never were willing to exhibit, even to
save the Union that they profess now to regatd
as so precious. I repeat that many of the adher-
ents of the Administration considered their preju-
dices and their abstract and pernicious theories
far more important than the Union. lam some-
what doubtful of the sincerity of their devotion
to the Union now, when I remember how easily
they could have saved it by a slight modification
of their views, and how stubbornly they refused
it. Men who cannot conquer and make some
surrender of abstract ptejudices for the general
good are not likely to give the last dollar in de-
fense of the Union, and undoubtedly ptefer to be
the last man themselves.
Mr. Chairman, since I last had the honor of
addressing this House, what we used to call a
presidential election has taken place. I gay what
we used to call, for the late meetings of the people
at the polls and the preceding canvass bear but
little resemblance to the old idea of a popularelec-
tion. The press opposed to the Administration,
it may be said, were at liberty to denounce its
policy, but before them was presented a fughlful
picture of over two hundred papers that had been
suppressed or ruined by too free criticism. Our
public speakers were at liberty to harangue their
fellow-citizens upon the stump, but the fact was
suggested to them that several hundred gentlemen
who had engaged in that business found that it
led straight to a military camp or prison. It was
not prohibited to any of our brave otficers dis-
tributing Democratic tickets to the voters in their
command, except that those inclined to do it re-
membered the fate of the New Hampshire officer
whose name was ignominiously stricken from tho
roll-for that cause. The soldiers, if furnished with
Democratic tickets, might vote against the Admin-
istration; but then if thoy did there was the extra
duty and the guard-house. The brave soldiers
in the field might have been instructed in Demo-
cratic truths had not most of Mr. Lincoln'slieuten-
ants in military command taken upon themselves
the duty of carefully interdicting, directly or in-
directly, the circulation of such doctrines in any
form in the Army. In many of the States—no,
I beg pardon for using the term, they are military
departments—our generals very kindly made the
arrangements.to take charge of the election, and,
if not actually present at the polls, were just be-
hind the scenes and within easy call. States that
were regarded close and doubtful were carried by
