1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
749
80 to make the appropriation for the purchase of
books for the Library $8,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COLLAMER. I now move an amend-
ment which 1 notify gentlemen makes a pretty
largo appropriation. It is to insert after line one
hundred and ninety-two:
For an enlargement of the Library of Congress so as to
include m two wings built tire-proof the space at either end
of the present Library, measuring about eighty feet in length
by thirty feet in width, in accordance with the plan of the
architect of the Capitol extension, $160,000.
We have now in the Library proper, that is, in
the fire-proofroom, about forty thousand volumes,
and we have a great deal more than that on the
floor, in the passages, and adjoining lobbies ex-
posed to fire, and which we have no shelf-room
to put up; and in that condition of the Library
it may about as well be abandoned unless we make
room to contain the books we have on hand and
some little shelf-room for the accumulations. The
Libiaiian has drawn up a statement showing the
present condition of the Library, and as his state-
mentgives the facts perhaps more summarily than
I could do, I send his communication to the Chair
and ask that it be read, I adopting it as part of my
remarks on the subject.
The Secretary read the following:
Statement of the necessity and expediency of an enlargement
of the Library o) Cong) ess.
1. The enlargement is necessary because no more room
exists in the Library for tiie constantly accruing accessions
of books.
2. It is necpssary because a large portion of the books
belonging to Congress aie unprovided with shelf-ioom, and
inaccessible except at great expenditure of tune ami trouble.
This especially applies to the set of British Parliamentary
Documents, numbering about thiee" thousand volumes in
folio, lullof invaluable inhumation, which is daily wanted
foi reference. The*e aie all upon the floor, because no
shelve* can be provided for them in the piesent Libiary.
3. It i.n necessaty in order to "secure the invaluable Li-
biaiy built up at gieat expenditure of care and money from
another hie. Tin; books of the Library, fiom the first pur-
chase of Mr. Jefferson in Iblo, until date, have cost some-
what ov< r four bundled thousand dollars. The fiie of De-
cember, 1851,destroyed all except twentj thousand volumes
of the Libraiy. The present Libraiy numbers overeighty-
eiglit thousand volumes, less ilian half of which (or fony
thousand volume*) are contained in the fire-proof portion
ot the Library, The remaindei are stored in thedaik cor-
ners and passage-ways of the old Capitol, suirounded with
wood-wot k, and liable to accident fiom the firing of a flue
(which was the occasion of the former the) or other
causes.
4. The enlargemcntisnecessaryin order to providesome
space where the cuuent newspapers and portodieate, both
American and foreign, can be filed and consulted by mem-
lieis of Congress and others entitled to the use ol the Li-
brary. At piesent there are not ten feet of room anywhere
for such pui pose, and the very valuable files of political and
literaiy journals taken in the Libraiy are useless to (,'on-
gii'w until bound; when they have lost their freshness,
ana much of then interest.
5. The constant donations, fiom the State governments
and fiom foreign Towers, ot vvoik* illustiating the hi-tory,
statistics, polities, and legislation of our own countiy and
of other paits of the woild, cannot any longer be accom-
modated. These donations might be largely increased
without expense to the Library fund, and a va->t amount of
valuable liuormation, useful in the practical legislation of
Congiess, could be obtained, catalogued,and permanently
filed lor the use of members. Lveiy State and Terntoiy
in the Union should have a «etoi it-? public documents m
the Capitol constantly accessible to its citizens in Wash-
ington. But the ofiieei*of the Libraiy have been foryears
deiened fiom seeking the<-e additions, because there has
been no room to contain them.
6. The appiopnation a-ked is $160,000, and the plan of
the architect accompanying the estimate proposes to pro-
vide an increase of loom equaj to neaily double the piesent
fiie-pioof Libiary, which cost .^92,300, exclusive ot the
outer walls. The iron-work was then put up to compe-
tition, and the lowest of seven bid-< was accepted. The
piesent estimate is therefore larfioin extinvagantconsidei-
jng the extent of the enlaigenient seemed. And it can be
done lor the amount notwithstanding the advanced cost of
materials, as the patterns fiom which the ornamental nou-
\voik was ca-t are still on hand.
7. The piesent plan foi euldigement was originally de-
signed to be earned oulin 18,>2, when the old Libraiy room
was rebuilt, but the space in the two wings wan then
occupied by the officers ot Congiess, and it w.i-s therefore
lett incomplete. Over twelve years have elapsed, and the
great increase of the Libiary has been such that it-> number
of volumes is quadrupled, while no additional room of a
peimanent chaiaeter has been piovided.
8. The appiopnation a*-ked is not unreasonably high, as
may be seen by comparing the cost of similar hbiaiy ac-
commodations elsewheie.
The uewreading-iooniof the British Museum (constructed
ontael> withm the old edifice) cost .£100,1)01), or £">00.000.
The [}o<ton Public Libraiy biuldingco*t,exclusiveot "ion nd,
§•210,000. The sum ot £lb0,UUU, although laige in itself, is
not so in comparison with the great object of piovidmg --.afe
and pet manent room foi this iiehhi&toucal collection,which
is iapidl> increasing, and much of which, if dc&uoyed,
could never be icplaccd.
9. The Library has a'-ked forrio appiopriations beyond its
re<ful<it annual one for books since 1H52, until last Congress,
when $4,000 was appropriated lor a nidible floor, In heu of
carpets. The Library had got along for eleven years with
but one carpet, and no renewal of furniture, exhibiting an
economy of expenditure sufficiently tare, if not unequaled
in any department ot the Govei ninent. It is therefore with
some confidence that Congress is now asked to provide
permanently for the security of the invaluable literary stores
which have been accumulated in the Capitol, and to pro-
tect which Irom injury or destruction, no amount of care
can be ill bestowed.
Mr. COLLAMER. I do not wish to add much
to that communication; but I see ithasbeenso read
that gentlemen paid very little attention to it. I
fancy if Senators, and I presume most of them
have, take any occasion to look at the condition
of the Library, the condition of the room and the
books there, they must be convinced that some-
thing should be done, or we might as well abandon
it altogether. The situation of the Library is such,
exposed as a portion of it is—containing some of
the most valuable books—to ruin by fire and
every thing of that sort, that if we really have any
means left,except thebusiness of carrying on the
war, if we can do anything else, this is certainly
a most imperious demand upon our finances and
upon Congress, and I trust that it may receive
the attention it deserves. With the exception of
making a marble floor, instead of buying new
carpets, and I believe they have had one carpet
there for fourteen years, nothing has been laid
out on the Library since 1852, the time it was
burned down. The rooms which are wanted to
be taken in are abandoned by the House and by
the Senate, and are not needed for our use, and
we can take them into the Library. The estimate
made by thp architect is a very reasonable one,
and it ought now to be executed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion, and declared that the noes appeared to
have it,
Mr. COLLAMER. I desire the yeas and nays
upon the amendment. I wish gentlemen to ex-
press their opinions one way or another.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Library has stated everything, I
have no d^ubt, that is necessary for the Senate
to know in order to pass understandingly upon
this amendment; but I am not sure that there were
many members of the Senate who listened to my
friend the chairman of the committee. If they
had done it, I think they would have been almost
unanimous in opinion that the appropriation
should be made. We have now books on hand,
many of which cannot be procured anywhere;
the very raiestand most valuable works. If the
Senate could see, as the committee were of course
obliged to see, the condition in which the Library
is, 1 am sure they would not hesitate to make this
appropriation. The works now on hand are worth
a good deal more than the amount of the expend-
iture, and they are liable to be burned up at any
moment; but even if they were not liable to be
burned up, they are now really in a condition
which renders it, as 1 think, disgraceful to the
country. The most valuable wm ks are on the
floor. Whenever they are needed, and they are
books of that description that they are often
needed, you have to take up a dozen before you
get what you want.
Senators ought to know, and of course do
know, that the Library is now a place of resort at
times of the mostlearned men of the country, who
are anxious to contribute still more to the litera-
ture of the country in all its departments, scien-
tific and otherwise. They come heie expecting
to find in the Congressional Library books that
they are unable for the most part to find in other
libraries. The Library has been selected with
great care; but when they get here it is almost im-
possible for them to use whatis there,which,prop-
erly arranged, could be used with very great facil-
ity. Thearrangement would improve very much
the appearance, too, of the building. We have
voted -millions and millions and millions of dollars
for comparatively unimportant interests, as I
think; and I should therefore hope that the Senate,
under all the circu instances, would see the propri-
ety of concurring in what was the unanimous
opinion of the committee, that this appropriation
should be made.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I listened to every word ]
that was uttered by the Senator from Vermont, i
and also to the reading of the paper which was j
read at the desk, because it was a subject on  
which I felt a very deep interest; and under any 1
other circumstances than such as surround us, al-
though 1 make no profession of literary attain-
ment, I would, with the utmost cordiality, sup-
port, and,if need be,lend ,my feeble voice in ?ud
of the amendment proposed by the Senatorfrom
Vermont, which is to apply §160,000 for the pur-
poses of the Library.
The Senator says that it is necessary for the
protection of the books we now have; that the
books that are in jeopardy and liable to be de-
stroyed by Are or accident are of greater .value
than the proposed cost of thp rooms to be fitted
up for that purpose. 1 see in the newspapers,
and I learn from other sources, that this Govern-
ment now is indebted to the brave men who ,are
in the field to sustain this Union and this Gov-
ernment to perhaps the amount of one hundred
and forty orone hundred and fifty million dollars.
I learn from the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs, and from others, that for the
last six, t§n, or twelve months many of the offi-
cers of the line have not received a dollar of their
pay; that they have actually been obliged to
obtain aid through the quartermaster's depart-
ment, not exactly through a subterfuge, but
through an arrangement by which they can
actually maintain themselves. I also read in the
newspapers that hundreds of these patriotic men,
not because they are tired of the service, but as
a matter of absolute necessity, to protect them-
selves and their families, from which they are
separated, from starvation, are compelled to re-
sign their commissions unless some aid or as-
sistance shall be extended to them. Nay, I
understand that the pockets of their commanding
generals are now full of their requests to be per-
mitted to resign as a matter of sheer necessity,
that they may go home and maintain their fami-
lies in some other way. With these facts staring
me in the face, and believing that unless we give
some additional aid to our Army in the field the
Union will be destroyed,! consider that a much
more important measure than the protection even
of this magnificent Library; and in that point of
view, although on the outside, and not having the
information which the Committee on Finance
have on this subject, I am most reluctantly com-
pelled to say, in advance of any expression on
this floor from any other person, that 1 must
hesitate before I can give my vote for this amend-
ment under the existing circumstances.
Mr. JOHNSON, i propose to amend the
amendment by striking out the words " the plan
of the architect of the Capitol extension," and
inserting "a plan to be approved bytheCommit-
tec on the Library;" so that it will read:
Foi an enlargement of the Library of Congress, so as to
include in two wings, built fire-proof, the space at either
end ot the present Libraiy, measuung about eighty feet m
length by thirty feet in width, in accordance with a plan to
be appioved by the Committee on the Library, $160,000.
Mr. COLLAMER- I have no objection to
that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The amendment will be so modi-
fied.
Mr. HALE. I concur fully with the views
stated so well by the Senator from New Jersey.
I am not willing, while we are raising money by
taxing the people for everything they eat, dunk,
and wear, to vote $160,000 for an addition to this
Library. 1 think it would be unjust to the people
who pay taxes, and unjust to the soldiers to
whom we owe the money. We have no moral
right to vote this sum, which must be taken from
what we are actually owing, and owing to-day, to
our soldiers; and theiefore i shall vote against it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Docs the honorable Senator
suppose we have no mora! right to take care of
our own property? I suppose, if there ever was
a right, it would be the right the Government
would have to protect its own property, which
has cost it more than the amount of this appro-
priation ;and which, if destroyed to-morrow, could
not be replaced by twice the amount.
I am a little surpiised, too, to find that both the
honorable Senators who have spoken on the sub-
ject are under the impression that this war must
fail or will be seiiously endangered if we appro-
priate $1 GO,000 for the Libiary. We are coming
to a very poor pass indeed; we are in a slate of
hopeless bankiuptcy if we, by appropriating
what is necessary to take care of the Library, put
it out of our power to carry on this war. What
is $160,000 as far as the war is concerned, and the
