1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ft*
38th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Policy of the Administration—Mr. Long.
Ho. op Reps.
the simple expedient of sending a few thousand
soldiers home to vote, and retaining in the front
those who were inclined to vote the other way.
This, of course, rendered the election perfectly
free. Indeed, from whatl have learned from our
Indianafriends on this side of the House, nothing
could be more free than the voting in that State;
there was not the least objection to soldiers from
other States voting there, and voting fifteen or
twenty times, provided always that they voted
the Administration ticket. It was as free as some
gentlemen would have the debates upon this floor;
perfectly free, provided you speak on the side of
the Administration and in favor of the war, but
expulsion or censure if you presume to speak
against either.
In Kentucky our friends were allowed to vote,
under peculiar circumstances; they were told by
the Administration organs that the poll-books
would be carefully consulted by those who issued
permits of trade, to find out who were loyal and
entitled to permits, and who were disloyal and not
entitled to any, and as in that State, by the mode
of voting, the poll-books show the name of each
elector voting, and opposite the name of the can-
didate for whom he voted, the vote itself was to
determine the question of loyalty or disloyalty.
The result was that many were disloyal,and but
few entitled to permits of trade. But 1 do not care
to dwell upon this terrible and calamitous farce
upon all our ideas of a republican Government.
The recollections of it are very humiliating, as well
as saddening, and mark the decadence of the old
spirit of our countrymen. Yet in the very face
of all the outrages that have been committed upon
the freedom of election, the Administration organ,
the Morning Chronicle of this city, initsSunday
morning issue of December 11, exultmgiy and
boastingly says:
" Rut this election demonstrates that our people can
stand tlie fiery ordeal of war, even in as most dangerous
i-liape—that of insurrection—without imperiling the form
of our government or the faith of our people. This polit-
ical canvass gives a memorable pledge of the security of
tree speech, a free press, and a tree ballot."
From previous developments, I for one ex-
pected what actually occurred. I had taken an
accurate measurement of the means that those in
power were willing to employ in its perpetuation.
I foresaw the result from the beginning, and was
not disappointed. The issue made up was not
what the great mass of the people cxpected. It
was not what they had a right to expect. The
war for the coercion and subjugation of sovereign
States is either right or it is wrong, constitutional
or unconstitutional. Peace or war was the issue
demanded and expected by the people. Many
like myself could take no part in a contest between
candidates both of whom were committed to the
prosecution of the war, and differing only in " the
resources of statesmanship" they proposed to
exhaust before the final subjugation or extermina-
tion of the southern people. I hope the House
will pardon rac for calling attention to what I said
upon such an issue on this floor last April. I
then said:
"1 take little or no interest in the discussion of the ques-
tion which many of my political friends would make an
issue, as to how tins war shall be prosecutcd, its manner,
and olijcct. I icgaidthat as worse than trifling with the
great question. 1 do not bvliove there can lie any prose-
cution of Ihe war against a sovereign State uiiderthe Con-
stitution, and I do not believe that a war ?o carried on can
be prosecuted so as to render it proper, justifiable or expe-
dient." * * * * " I will say further, that if
it is to be still further prosecuted, I lor one prefer tl.at it
shall lie done undei the auspices of those wiio now conduct
its management, as I do not wish the party with which I am
connected to lie ill any degree responsible tor its results,
wincil ci;miot be otherwise than disastrous and suicidal.
And now, Mr. Chairman, with all due respect
for the opinions of my political friends who differ
with me, and the friends of the Administration
on the other side of the House, I have yet to hear
the argument that will change my judgment upon
tjiat subject; and I now add, that as 1 stood upon
this floor last April, so I stand to-day, singly and
alone, if it be so, strengthened only by the lapse
of time and the occurrence of subsequent events
in the correctness of my convictions and what 1
then said, on ail questions in relation to the war.
There never has been, and never can be, a Union
founded on the coercion and subjugation of sov-
ereign States. The very blood ot our forefathers,
shed in defense of the rights of individuals and
the independence and sovereignty of States, would
rise up in judgment against it. By our action of
to-day we tacitly confess that the signers of the
Declaration of Independence uttered a falsehood,
and that those who bled for this independence were
mistaken zealots; for we now seek to define the
independence thus achieved to be the uncondi-
tional submission of a portion of these sovereign
and independent States to the coercive power of
others, through their common agent, the Fed-
eral Government. War never has and never can
give union. War is disunion. A union implies
distinct and separate parts, for if there were no
parts there could be no union. One State is not
a union, for it is an integral whole in itself; yet
it is a part of the Union, and it is equally so of
each State; each one being an integral whole or
part of the Union. These parts consented to
unite, and this consent or agreement constitutes
the bond of union or form under which we have
lived. The Union was thus formed by consent,
it existed by consent, and it could not, in the very
nature of things, exist one moment longer than
the consent existed. A thing cannot exist after
the essence by which it lives is gone. A war,
therefore, to compel union among the States, is
to blot out and extinguish forever the very es-
sence by which alone it could exist. If the right
of self-government resides in the people, as gen-
tlemen upon the opposite side of the House, with
a few exceptions, have so earnestly contended
for, in the discussion of the constitutional amend-
ment, then it is an attribute of sovereignty, and
entitles them at pleasure to change any form of
government they may have instituted for the gov-
ernment of themselves. To affirm that the States,
separately or united under a Confederation, had
a right to throw off the external government im-
posed upon them by Great Britain, but have no
right to interfere with one established by them-
selves, is to make their last condition worse than
the first.
Mr. Chairman, what will the future historian,
in calmer moments, say of the sacrifice of blood
and treasure expended by the American people,
to compel union among each other5 May he not
exonerate the people of the seceded States from
the charge of rebellion and treason by saying
that they have understood the Federal compact
in the light in which the founders of the Republic
understood it, and that they, in fact, withdrew
from the union with us in order to preserve for
themselves that form of government which their
and our forefathers established? 1 have heard
from day to day upon this floor, during the dis-
cussion upon the proposed constitutional amend-
ment, the doctrine of State rights and State sover-
eignty denounced as a pestilential and most dan-
gerous heresy, and indeed one of my colleagues,
[Mr. Garfield,] if 1 understand the import of his
language, went so far as to deny that any one of
the colonies, as a colony, or any of the States,
after they became States, ever was, in fact, freeand
independent. That it was the united people of the
colonies—the people of the thirteen colonics m the
aggregate—who declared their independence, and
yet he affirms that sovereignty was never lodged
in the people; that it passed from the Crown of
Great Britain into the revolutionary Congress,
next into the Articles of Confederation, and lastly
into the Constitution of the United States, where
it now resides. But that I may do no injustice
to my colleague, I will quote his own language,
which is as follows:
<■- x. That prior to tile 4tli day of July, 1770, these colonics
were neither Tree nor independent. Their sovereignty was
lod«*ed in the Ctown of Great Butain.
"II. laffnni iimt no colony declared Jt&elt free and inde-
pendent. Neitlici Vuy.ma, New York,noi Massachusetts,
declared itself ftee and independent of uie Crown ot Great
Britain. The declaration was made, not even by the
whole of the colonies, as colotues, but the d''claiatioii was
made inlhc name of 'the good people of the colonies' as
a people. - ,
"III. The sovereignty of this people, then, was first
lodged ill the revolutionary Congress, and it continued there
until the 1st day of Match, J781, when they lodged ^it m
the Articles of Confederation." " * * *
« i V. On the 21st day of June, 17c8. a new lodgment of
this t-oveteigniyof the American people was made. It was
then lod"ed in tins Constitution ot the United btates under
which we now are—iodged there by the action of the peo-
ple.'-'
He then adds:
a If the gentleman looks, then, for a kind of political apos-
tolic succession of American sovereignty, Uc will find it in
this order, and this would be the genealogy: first, in the
Crown and Parliament of Great Britain; second, the rev-
olutionary Congress; third, the Articles of Confederation j
and fourth, and now, in the Constitution of the United
States."
Such, then, is the idea of the sovereignty of the
people of these States as held by my colleague,
and, so far as appears, also by the adherents of the
Administration upon this floor; for no one, I be-
lieve, has yet dissented from his position. In
order to strike down the sovereignty of the States,
the only security left to personal liberty, and the
last hope of preserving free government, it has
become necessary to deny that the people of this
country are or ever were sovereign; that sover-
eignty never had a lodgment in either the people,
the colonies, or the States; but that it always was
lodged, from the British Crown to the Constitu-
tion, in a higher power than the people, notwith-
standing the inalienable rights, enumerated in the
Declaration of Independence.
Letus, then, meet this question fairly and hon-
estly, and for ourselves decide if such was the
intention and understanding of the founders of
the Republic; let us decide for ourselves whether
this war, waged against States which are either in
or out of the Union, is a war of selfishness or of
honor and justice; for, shrink from it as we may,
the time will come when our own children will
sit in judgment upon the acts of their fathers. _
Before the Revolution, Great Britain had thir-
teen colonies in North America, existing under
separate charters or royal grants, and having each
its own governor, legislative assembly, and court
of justice. These colonies were as wholly sepa-
rate from each other as though they were differ-
ent and distinct nations, and so little did they
harmonize with each other that only four years
before the revolutionary war commenced, Dc.
Franklin declared "that only the hand of God
could unite them."
On the 4th day of July, 1776, these colonies,
through their delegates in the Colonial Congress,
declared themselves independent of Great Britain:
" These colonies are, and of right ought to be, free
and independent States." Did this transfer their
sovereignty from the Crown to the Congress? Did
it consolidate them into one people? My colleague
[Mr. G-arfield] saysitdid. Ifso, why were Arti-
cles of Confederation drafted in 1777, assented to
by eleven of the States in 1778, but not finally
acted upon by all until 1781 ? 1 fthe people were one
people, or the States were consolidated, why did
they confederate together? A confederation means
a league of sovereign States or nations, nothing
more. They must be sovereign, otherwise they
cannot consent. The right to do so is derived from
their sovereignty. The fractional parts of a na-
tion cannot enter into obligations with other na-
tions. This compact was made, as any other
treaty would have been made, by the State gov-
ernments, not by the States themselves. When
the Articles of Confederation were drafted, they
were called Articles of Confederation, which, or
an equivalent term, would not have been proper
had the several States intended to merge their in-
dividual existence into one nationality; and they
were, in fact as in name, Articles of Confeder-
ation, entered into by the several States with each
other to secure those objects alone for which con-
federacies are ordinarily formed, to wit: State or
national security against the force or violence of
foreign nations, and to prevent discord among
themselves respectively."
In these Articles not a solitary provision can be
found for the protection of individual rights, or
those which belong to the citizen. The five great
objects of government, the protection of life, lib-
erty, person, property, and reputation,arc wholly
omitted—a strange omission, indeed, if the object
had been to consolidate the people of the thirteen
States into one nation, but perfectly explicable
upon the hypothesis that they were designed
merely to protect the State against external vio-
lence, while security to individual rights was left
to be provided for as the wisdom of the sovereign
people of cach State should think best, acting
through their own several and separate State gov-
ernments. During the eleven years that the States
acted under these Articles of Confederation they
acted as separate States, the power being wielded
by a congress of State delegates, who acted to-
ll gether, and voted onefote for each State. But
