S8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7,
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Policy of the Administration—Mr. Long.
Ho. of Eeps.
that the Articles of 1778 created a league or con-
federation of sovereign States or nations, and noth-
ing more, is proved beyond the possibility of ra-
tional contradiction; first, in the fact that by the
provisional articles, or treaty of peace between
Great Britain and the States, signed at Paris on
the 30th of November, 1782, (see Hansard's Par-
liamentary History, volume 25, page 354,) the
former Government recognized them each, by
pame, as separate and independent States, as fol-
lows:
"Art. 1. His Britannic Majesty acknowledges the said
United States, viz : New Hampshire, Massachusetts Bay,
Rhode Island and. Providence Plantations, Connecticut,
New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Mary-
land, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Geor-
gia, to be free, sovereign, and independent States; that he
treats with them as such; and for himself, his heirs, and
successors, relinquishes all claim to the government, prop-
erty, and territorial rights of the same, and every pan
thereof."
It must be borne in mind that this act of Great
Britain, by which she recognizes the freedom,
sovereignty, and independence, separate and by
name, of these States, took place five years after
the Articles of Confederation were drafted, and
while they were in full force and effect. Second,
the Constitution of the United States, in article
seven, and the last article of the original Consti-
tution, provides that—
" The ratification of the conventions of nine States shall
bo sufficient for the establishment of this Constitution
between the States so ratifying the same."
This provision contains within itself perfectly
unanswerable and conclusive evidence that the
separate sovereignty of each State was fully rec-
ognized by the convention which framed the Con-
stitution, as well as by all the States who were
parties to it. The Constitution must be ratified
uy a convention of the States (not of the whole
people of the thirteen States) in order to become
operative within the limits of such States, and if
time of them shall thus ratify it, it shall go into
operation as to the nine, while the remainingfour,
being unaffected by it, stand before the world as
separate and independent nations.
1 have no hesitation in declaring that if these
States had not been separate sovereignties during
the existence of the old Confederation, that the
article above recitod would, in itself, have been
sufficient to render them such, for it contains as
formal a recognition of the fact as could well be
made. But by reference to the proceedings of the
Convention that framed the Constitution we have
still stronger and more conclusive testimony as to
the fact of their separate sovereignty. In the
original draft of the Constitution, as reported by
John Rutledge, (see the Madison Papers, page
1226,) article twenty-one was as follows:
•[The ratification of the conventions of States shall
be sufficient lor organizing this Constitution."
On the 3J.st of August, the ratification of the
Constitution being under consideration—
" Kufus King moved to add to the end of article twenty-
one the word<, ' between the f-aid State*:,' so as to confine
the operation of the Government to the States latifyingit."
"On the question, nine States voted m the alliimauve;
Maryland 1 no;' Delawaie absent."
The blank was subsequently filled (see page
1473) by inserting " nine."
Here, then, is a direct invitation to the States
to secede from the old Articles of Confederation,
which had been declared to be " Articles of Con-
federation, and perpetual Union,"entered into by
all the States, and ratified by all the State Legis-
latures. It was admitted by the distinguished
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] in
answer to a question by my colleague [Mr. Pen-
dleton] in the discussion on the constitutional
amendment, that if any four of the States had re-
fused to ratify the Constitution they would have
been independent States. What then becomes of
the consolidated Government of my colleague.
[Mr. Garfield?] Where does he lodge sover-
eignty in such a contingency? Any four of the
States could have remained out for all time, and
no one lias yet, I believe, gone so far in the effort
to break down State sovereignty as to claim for
the nine States ratifying the Constitution a super-
iority or control over the four that might have re-
fused. So weil did the framers of the Constitu-
tion understand this, that—
" GouverneurMoriis thought the blank ought to be filled
in a twofold way, so as to provide for the event of the
ratifying States being contiguous, which would render a
mailer number sufficient, arid the event of their being dis-
persed, which would require a greater numbei for the in-
troduction of the Government." (See page 1469.)
An intimation from some of the States to others,
to take steps for secession from the Confederation,
led to the assembling of the Convention of Dele-
gates at Philadelphia, on the 25th of May, 1787,
who were to draft amendments to the old Arti-
cles of Confederation; but on assembling they
found that at least two plans for anew consti-
tution had already been prepared, one of which
was by Edmund Randolph, of Virginia, and the
other by William Patterson, of New Jersey, and
these plans were the basis of the present Consti-
tution. Now, although it was called a constitu-
tional convention, which was to propose amend-
ments to the Articles of Confederation, but de-
cided on a complete new Constitution, and did
agiee to one, it had no intrinsic power to impose
its work on the States which were represented,
nor on any of them. It was onlya drafting con-
vention, which could draw up and recommend
such a compact as the separate States might
accept or reject. It was to be a convention in
its very organization showing its subordinate
character, it was called, not by the people, but
by the States as States, and by each State act-
ing for herself, but acting with the others. They
were called as States on the roll. They sat to-
gether as States when in session. They voted
as States on ail questions, each State casting one
vote. They styled themselves deputies of States,
and when they had framed the Constitution, they
sent it to the Confederate Congress by their
President, General Washington, who signed it,
" George Washington, President of the Conven-
tion and deputy ofVirginia."
Congress recommended that the Constitution
should be submitted for ratification to the sev-
eral States, acting by separate conventions. The
respective Legislatures passed laws providing for
the conventions. The States, each by her con-
vention, ratified for herself, and it was separately
adopted by nine States, the number necessary to
give it force, make it binding " between the said
States," not over the people, and not between the
remaining States until they ratified it. Maryland
and Rhode Island remained out of the Union of
States for nearly two years, during which time
they were treated as friendly foreign States.
Where was the sovereignty of Maryland and
Rhode Island then ? Where does my colleague
lodge it? Every part of the Constitution attests
its Federal, and not national character.
XJp to the 20th of Juno, 1787, during the ses-
sion of the Convention, the word " nation" was
used repeatedly in the original draft, without ap-
parently any reflection; but Alexander Hamilton,
who had remained silent until the 18th and 19th
of June, then declared his hostility to " State sov-
ereignty." " Mr. Martin said he considered that
the separation from Great Britain placed the thir-
teen States in a state of nature toward each other,"
and thereupon, on motion of Mr. Gorham, of
Massachusetts, the word *4 national" was stricken
out of the Constitution. (See page 909.) The
Declaration of Independence had settled the prin-
ciple for each of the States which it brought into
existence, that sovereignty resides in the people
of a State or nation, and that Governments are
mere agents, intrusted with powers which may
be resumed at the will or pleasure of the sovereign.
It follows, then, that the Federal Government
did not and could not have acquired sovereignty
through the Constitution.
The only question, then, which remains to be
considered is, whether the people of each State
surrendered their separate existence by the adop-
tion of the Constitution, and thereby became a
nation. I see no reason to doubt that two or more
nations might thus, by agreement, consolidate
themselves into one nation. But certainly when
an act of such vast magnitude as the surrender of
the sovereignty of a people is claimed to have been
made, it should be established by the highest evi-
dence which it is possible to present to the human
mind. In the Constitution of the United States,
and in the amendments thereto, not a line, not a
sentence, not a word can be found indicating that
such was the intention of the several Slates who
are parties to that instrument. They did not in-
tend to consolidate the States into one nation; but
what they did intend, and which was effected by
the Federal Constitution, was the establishment
of a confederacy, or league of sovereign States,
with power in the confederacy to effect tiie object
or purpose for which it was formed. That these
were the objects, and the only objects, of those
who framed the Constitution is evidenced from
the fact that all of the powers of the Government
of the United States have relation to nations and
not to individuals. From the foundation of the
Government until the commencement of the pres-
ent war no law was ever passed by the United
States Government having for its object the pro-
tection of the life, liberty, person, property,and
reputation of a single individual, and yet these are
the great and indeed the only objects of a Govern-
ment proper. True, we have a law punishing of-
fenses upon the high seas, murders, piracies, &c.; a
law against conspiracies formed for the purpose of
committing certain crimes upon the navigable riv-
ers of the United States, and laws for the protec-
tion of post offices, &c., as well as laws for the
extradition of fugitive criminals and slaves; but
these are all designed to secure harmony among
nations, both those confederated together and
those abroad.
Mr. Lincoln once said that a State bears the
same relation to the Federal Government which
a county does to a State, and yet Mr. Lincoln
had just left the State of Illinois, whose govern-
ment had protected him during the greater part
of his life, and secured to him the enjoyment of
life, liberty, property, person, and reputation,
which the United States does not and could not
have done. If the framers had intended to con-
solidate, they would not have required the assent
of three fourths of the States to make amend-
ments to the Constitution. If the people of the
States became consolidated by that instrument
to any intent, or for any purpose, why did not
the Convention authorize amendments by three
fourths, or any given number, of the whole peo-
ple? The assent can only be given by the States,
separately and as distinct peoples. If they were
one people, or if it had been designed that they
should be one people in their relation to the Fed-
eral Government, surely they would have been
required to amend the instrument which made
them one by a united vote. Article eleven of the
amendments to the Constitution provides that—
"The judicial power of the United States shall not be
construed to extend to anysuitin Iawor equity commenced
or prosecuted against one of the United States by citizens
of another State, or by citizens or subjects of any foreign
State."
Here is language so luminous as to pierce the
darkest understanding. The sovereignty of the
State is as fully recognized in this article as it is
possible to recognize it. Not only is the State
fully recognized, but its dignity as a member of
the family of nations is secured against assault.
1. It would have been the utmost violence to
the whole design to have in the least attacked the
ultimate right of sovereignty which the Declara-
tion of Independence says is inalienable.
2. Because sovereignty, according to no scien-
tific American writer, can exist only in the people,
never in any Government.
3. The steps by which the Constitution was
formed show that the States never meant suicide.
4. Two propositions were submitted to the
Convention to clothe the Federal authority with
power to coerce disobedient or refractory States,
one of which was contained in the resolutions
submitted by Edmund Randolph, and the other
in the resolutions of Judge Patterson, and both
of which were unanimously rejected by the Con-
vention on the very ground of their hostility to
State sovereignty.
5. In all the State conventions, as appears from
Elliot's Debates, the friends of the Constitution
insisted that State sovereignty was not affected
by it, and this, too, in answer to the charges made
against ratification.
6. It could not have been ratified by the requi-
site number of States if any such idea had ob-
tained.
7. If the Government of the United States rep-
resents the consolidated people of the United
States, not as united States, but as forming one
imperial republic, then is allegiance d ue to the con-
solidated State; for it would then be sovereign,
