1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
38tii Cong....2d Sess.
Policy of the Administration—Mr. Long.
Ho. 01? Reps.
and not the States; and the sovereign has the only
right to allegiance, because alone affording pro-
tection to thecitizen. We all know this position
to be false, ruinous, and absurd.
I am a citizen of Ohio, not a citizen of Mary-
land, Missouri, or any other State, and conven-
tionally only, "a citizen of the United States," to
which I owe no allegiance, because it is not my
sovereign; nor can I divide my allegiance, even
if I would; for sovereignty is an indivisible unit
and cannot be cloven into parts. It is true that
treason is a breach of allegiance, and that treason
against the United States is punishable as a Fed-
eral offense, but that is only a conventional trea-
son, a so-called treason, a State crime, arising
from the terms of the special agreement madefor
it by the consent of each one of the States.
The first Kentucky resolution drafted by
Thomas Jefferson in 1798, and for whose opin-
ions gentlemen on the opposite side of the House
have expressed so high an admiration recently,
declares the true theory of the Federal compact:
1. "Resolved, That the several States composing the
United States are not united on the principle of unlimited
submission to their General Government, but tlml by a com-
pact, under the style and title of a Constitution for the Uni-
ted States, and of amendments thereto, they constituted a
General Government (or special puiposes; delegated to the
Government certain definite powers, reserving, each State
to itself, the re-idnary mass of right to their self-govern-
ment; and that whenever the General Governmentassumes
undelegated power, its acts are unauthoritative, void, and
of no force; that to this compact each State acceded as a
Slate, anil i- au integral party, its co-States forming, as to
itself, the other paity; that the Government created by this
compact was mil made the exclusive or final judge of the
extent of the powers delegated to itself, since that would
have made its dlscietion, and not the Constitution, the
meuMire of its powers; but that, as in all other cases of
compact among Powers having no common judge, each
paity lias an equal right to judge for itself, as well of in-
fractions as of the mode and measure of rediess."
My conclusion, therefore, is that the people of
each State constitute a sovereign State or nation,
that each of these States or nations, by the adop-
tion of the Federal Constitution created for itself,
in common with its co-States, each acting for
itself, a common agent upon which it conferred
certain specified, limited, and well-defined pow-
ers; that the powers thus conferred did not im-
pair or tak£ away the sovereignty of the inde-
pendent State or nation creating the agent; and
that the powers thus conferred may be revoked
by the people of any State themselves, so far as
such State is concerned or affected thereby, when-
ever in the exercise of their sovereign will such
revocation may become desirable.
Mr. BROOMALL. May t ask the gentleman
a question ?
Mr. LONG. Certainly.
Mr. BROOMALL. Does the gentleman be-
lieve that under the doctrine he has just declared
here a State has the right to secede?
Mr. LONG. He does, Mr. Chairman. He
believes that a State—one of the principals that
created the common agent, the Federal Govern-
ment—hag the right, so far as such individual
State is concerned, to revoke the warrant of at-
torney by which the agent was authorized to act
for such State, and that the people of such State
is the only tribunal on earth having the right to
determine when it shall be done.
■ Mr. BROOMALL. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him one other question: wherein his
opinion on this subject diners from that of Mr.
Jefferson Davis,and whether Mr. Jefferson Davis
has been doing wrong in attempting to get States
out of the Union?
Mr. LONG. "Whether my opinion agrees with
that of Jefferson Davis or not I know not and care
not. Whether lie in common with the people of
his State had any cause for withdrawing from the
Union or not is a question unnecessary to be dis-
cussed at this time. It is enough to know that
they have withdrawn, and my purpose is to con-
vince others of that which to my own mind is
clear, that they cannot be forced back into the
Union by coercion.
The doctrines laid down as self-evident truths
in the Declaration of Independence ate, that all
rightful government springs from the consent of
the governed—that any people have the right to
alter, change, or amend their form of government
at pleasure. In the exercise of this right the col-
onies seceded from Great Britain, and each be-
came a " free, sovereign, and independent State"
or nation. In the exercise of this right the people'
of a large majority of the States have altered their
constitutions, and some of them more than once,
and the right has never been questioned.
Little did the States, the principals to the Fed-
eral compact, believe when they created their
agent, with delegated and limited powers, that the
time would ever come when that agent would
contemptuously spurn all restraints upon its
action, exercise powers entirely undelegated, and
claim to rule despotically over those who had cre-
ated it and bound it by solemn written and well-
ascertained restrictions. A few wise men of that
day did have some fears and apprehensions of
this character, but it was generally believed that
such amazing perfidy upon the part of the agent
was impossible.
Mr. Chairman, I have already occupied a con-
siderable portion of the time of the House, but I
desire to submit a few additional remarks more
immediately in connection with the war.
We have had recently a series of military suc-
cesses. But brilliant achievements and the cap-
ture of cities and towns does not end the war and
restore the confederate States to the Union. We
may take Charleston, as we took Savannah; we
may take Mobile, as we took New Orleans; we
may take Richmond, as we took Vicksburg; we
may even take all the southern strongholds, and
yet it will not end the war. Their armies march
into Pennsylvania, ours march through Georgia;
we threaten Richmond, they threaten Washing-
ton; we burn the Military Institute at Lexington,
they bum Chambersburg; we burn Governor
Letcher's mansion, they burn Governor Brad-
ford's; we sack Jackson, they sack Lawrence;
they execute negro soldiers, we retaliate on white
soldiers; and thus it goes on, and is but the be-
ginning of a war of subjugation and extermina-
tion. The man does not live who will ever behold
the end of it, if continued under the present policy.
What have we gained thus far by it? What can
we gain? We have loaded the nation down with
sorrow and debt. Hundreds of thousands of our
brave men have been slain, and yet it is true that
we command less free-will support in the south-
ern States to-day than we did when seventy-five
thousand militia were to put down the rebellion
in ninety days. Every month it has been con-
tinued for coercion and subjugation has only
tended to cement, perpetuate, and traditionalize
hatred of the North in every southern household.
Gentlemen may point to the achievement of our
arms, the cities and towns we have captured,
and the territory we have apparently conquered;
but 1 ask, what have we gained by it all? It has
not restored a State to the Union. We have
simply, by the force of arms, neutralized tempo-
rarily, and thus given the appearance of subju-
gation to men who hate us and our policy. Even
where our arms prevail perpetual war exists.
The order which reigns in Norfolk, Nashville,
Little Rock, Vicksburg, New Orleans, and Sa-
vannah is the order which reigned in Warsaw
when the Russian chieftain proclaimed the subju-
gation of the Polish capital; and the peace we
have gained in these localities is the peace of Po-
land and Hungary under Russian and Austrian
power—a peace to be hated alike by subjugator
and subjugated. The old year closed and the
new year was usheied in by very considerable
military disasters to the confederates, and victories
to the Federal arms. The gore and blood-red
light of success have transiently, and for the brief-
est interval, lit up the war horizon with a lurid
glare, and tens if not hundreds of thousands have
mistaken it as giving promise of the return of
peace and repose through the subjugation and
conquest of the seceded States. Though deceived
and cheated for at least a score of times by sim-
ilar vain delusions, they yet cling to them with
that tenacity that is so often displayed by the
prejudiced and ill-informed in favor of an idea
which arouses their passions and appeals to their
hopes. No past experience has thus far been of
any avail upon this idea in the war mind, or ca-
pable of influencing it to a true sense of the con-
dition in which we are placed. Demagogues are
aware of it, and they play upon this weakness and
infirmity with a recklessness that indicates their
knowledge of the profound depths of ignorance in
which it lies imbedded. In such times it is es-
pecially dangerous to go counter to the poptriar,
cherished hope, to expose its fallacy and point
out its mistakes, either in fact or in theory; and
with many it is the very highest proof of "disloy-
alty," to use a cant phrase which the war party
have borrowed from the meanest despotisms'of
the Old World.
Vain, then, are reason and argument; vain are
all the lessons of the past, all the motives that
ordinarily govern the men of the present, and a!!
the probable contingencies of the future. Such
can only be recommended to that stern school in
which the fool learns, the school of hard and
dear-bought experience. In that they will yet
find that the rivers of blood which they are follow-
ing lead to no ocean of union and harmotjy or
repose and safety. Instead of running in that
direction, the ensanguined current runs through
mountains of debt, through low valleys of profli-
gacy and crime, through public and individual
calamity, and ends at last in the deepest slough of
humiliation and regret.
The Anglo-Saxon race claims foritself the high-
est stand-point on the pinnacle of civilization and
refinement, and the American type acknowledges
no superior. How near do we come to the stand-
ard of perfection set up by ourselves? We are
now in the midst of a sectional war, overshadow-
ing in its enormities any civil or sectional war
that has preceded it. The cry of our pulpitsand
churches, with a few highly creditable exceptions,
instead of " peace on earth and good-will to man
has been for blood ! Desolated homesteads and
impoverished communities attest our capacity for
self-destruction, and dispatches like the following
from a general in the field to the President of the
United States are received with joy and exulta-
tion by those who claim to bo the followers of the
Prince of Peace:
'< I have destroyed over two thousand barns filled with
wheat and hay and farming implements, over seventy mills
filled with flour and wheat; all the houses within an area
of five miles were burned."
Such is the boasting of a Federal officer in the
field; but while the war party rejoice at this in-
discriminate conflagration of the homes and prop-
erty of aged infirmity and helpless innocence, the
cry of the widow and the fatherless ascend to God
for that vengeance which sooner or later is visited
on all iniquity.
Well may the despots of Europe hold us up as
a warning to their unquiet subjects.
In a previous address which I had the honor
to make upon this floor I expressed my belief that
the only issue before us was either recognition of
the separate independence of the seceded States
or the complete extermination of the people who
inhabit them—extermination in its broadest and
completest sense. The issue is independence or
extermination, and I am sorry to say that a very
large portion of what presumptuously arrogates
to itself the morality and religion of the country
not only professes itself willing to favor exterm-
ination, but loudly and emphatically demands
it. Yes, Mr. Chairman, it is with unutterable
shame and humiliation that I confess it; they
do demand the extermination of eight million
Christian men and women; men and women who
for three quarters of a century were united with
them in the bonds of church fellowship, who
knelt at the same altar, gathered around the same
communion table,and worshiped the same God;
men and women of the same race and lineage,
speaking the same language, reared under the
same institutions, and united to them by the
strongest ties; whose ancestors, hand in hand
with our ancestors, purchased our and their lib-
erties with their common blood.
It is this race and this people that they now
propose to exterminate from the face of the earth
as if they were beasts of the field or reptiles of the
plain. And for what,Mr. Chairman ? I emphatic-
ally repeat, for what is this sentence of unequaled
atrocity decreed? Simply because they havo
chosen to run a race of political existence sepa-
rate and apart from us, leaving us all our rights
and privileges, and only claiming the same rights
which their and our ancestors asserted in the
Declaration of Independence. For that a doom
has been pronouncedtaon them which humanity
recoiled from even infthe case of the Mormons,
and the still stronger example against the bloody
