'752
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11.
ties in the past have been, but I was in doubt
whether the resolution would not apply to all
other cases of the kind.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no; it expressly says
that it is confined to the duties paid under that
resolution.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and
-EXECUTIVE SESSION,
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
It is of great importance to have an executive ses-
sion to-day.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. Before the doors are closed,
1 move to take up the resolution offered by the
Senator from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] yesterday,
proposing an additional committee of the Senate
on minesand mining interests.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy.)
It may be taken up by unanimous consent before
the doors are closed.
Mr. WILSON. I think that had better lie over.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection being
made, the motion cannot be entertained.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the consid-
eration of executive business, and after some time
spent therein, the doors were reopened; and the
Senate adjourned.
by
'r
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 11, 18G5.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
/ Rev. Dr. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the call of committees for reports of bills of a
private nature.
TESTIMONY BY DEPOSITION IN CERTAIN CASES.
Mr. WILSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved^ That the Committee on the Judiciary be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of providing by law
fut inking testimony by deposition lor the defense in crim-
inal cases in the Distuct of Columbia when the witness
resides beyond the limits of the District, and report by bill
or otherwise.
Mr. DAW ES. I rise to a question of privilege.
Mr. "VVASHBURNE, of Illinois. Has the
morning hour commenced?
The SPEAKER. It has.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
make a report from the Committee of Elections.
The SPEAKER. That can onljr be done by
unanimous consent during the morning hour.
Mr. DAWES. I will postpone it, then, and
especially as 1 see that some of my colleagues on
the committee are not present.
NAVAL DEPOT AT MILWAUKEE.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the memorial of the Legislature of the
State of Wisconsin for a naval depot at the city
of Milwaukee, in the State of Wisconsin; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
HABEAS CORPUS, ETC.
Mr. LE BLOND, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bii! to repeal the act entitled "An act
relating to habeas corpus, and regulating judicial
proceedings in certain cases;" winch was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
COLLECTION OF CERTAIN DUTIES.
Mr. KASSON. I am requested by one of the
officers of the Government to ask that Senate bill
No. 424, relating to the revenue, be taken from the
Speaker's table and referred to the appropriate
com mittpe.
No objection being made, the bill (S. No. 424)
to facilitate the collection of certain duties due to
Die United States was taken from the Speaker's
tabU1, read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the PostOftice and Post Roads.
POST KOUTK IN KENTUCKY.
Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky, by unanimous
consent, introduced the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads inquire into the expediency of establishing a
post route fiorn Mount VernoQ, Kentucky, to Somerset,
Kentucky, and report by bill or otherwise.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication of the Secre-
tary of State, transmitting, in compliance with the
acts of August 16,1842, and August 18, 1856, a
report on the commercial relations of the United
States with foreign nations; which was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced the following resolution; which was re-
ferred, under the law, to the Committee on Print-
ing:
Resolved, That four thousand additional copies of the re-
port on the commercial relations of the United States with
foreign nations for the year ending September 30, 1864, be
printed in usual form for the use of the House; also one
thousand copies for the use of tiie State Department.
NAVY-YARD ON THE MISSISSIPPI.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Navy, transmitting the report of
the commission appointed under the joint reso-
lution of Congress, approved June3(), 1864, to
14 select the most approved site for a navy-yard
or naval station on the Mississippi river," and
asking an appropriation therefor; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means, and
ordered to be printed.
SOUTHERN SUPERINTENDENCY.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting the esti-
mates of the southern superintendency for the
first and second quarters of 1865, and for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1866; which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. CRAVENS. I ask leave of absence, for
the remainder of the session, for my colleague,
Mr. McDowell, whose health is very bad.
Leave was granted accordingly.
Mr. WASL1BURNE, of Illinois. Two mem-
bers of the Committee on Commerce, Mr. Perry
and myself, are obliged to leave the city on busi-
ness connected with that committee. I ask leave
of absence for my colleague and myself for ten
days.
Leave of absence was granted accordingly.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I rise to a ques-
tion of privilege.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done during
the morning hour except by unanimous consent.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask unani-
mous consent to make a personal explanation
bayed upon an article m the New York Evening
Post.
Unanimous consent was granted.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. 1 ask the Clerk
to read the article 1 send him, from the New York
Evening Post.
The Clerk read the article^as follows:
A Word on Public Mokai,s.—Among those who rep-
resent the State oi Massachusetts ar Washington, is Mr.
Alexander II. Rice, of Boston. We desire our readers
to note weJI the name of that member—Alexander II.
itie v..
Suppose this Mr. Rice were to have a cause in court.
Suppose the judge presiding at the trial should be discovered
to have a huge pecuniary intetest in the event of the suit,
which induced hitn to charge the jury in such a manner as
to pi oc ure a veidtct against Mr. Rice. Would there beany
ex pi ess ion of cot idem nation too seveie,m Mr. Rice's judg-
ment, for btieh conduct? Would lie not say that here is a
magihtiate, bound impartially to administer the laws, who
lias yet so little sense, not merely of integrity, but even of
decency, tii.it lie sits in judgment on a cause which is vir-
tually lus own. <md perverts the functions of his high otlico
to la-, own puv.ue ends? Would lie not say, heie is a clear
oa-e for impeachment and an ignominious removal of the
offender horn the bench?
Or suppose that in tlic same cause a person who had an
inteiest in the suit adverse to that of Mr. Rice should pro-
cure himself to be smuggled into the juiy, and should use
hi* utmost powers of per ua*ion with his fellows to induce
them to give a verdict against Mr. Rice, would not tins be
regaided not merely as most unjust pioceedmg, but as a
pi< ce of kuaveiy deceiving of infamy?
We should like to know how Mr. Rice distinguishes
these cases in their essential qualities fiom that of a mem-
ber of Congress who, bound as he is to support impartially
all good measures ami oppose all bad ones, with a single
eye to the public good, should yet sit in that body to vote
money into his own pocket; to support measures which
bring him a pecuniary profit; to pervert his ofiice of legis-
lator into an engine for advancing hid own sordid interest.
But has Mr. Rice done this ? it will be asked. Let the
Springfield Republican, a journal published in Mr. Rice's
own State, answer. In a iecent number of that paper isa
well-considered article on the question of the paper duty,
which the Senate, it seems, is likely to decide against the
people and in favor of the paper-makers. In this article
occurs the following passage, referring to the ridiculously
small reduction of the paper duty proposed by the Finance
Committee in the Senate :
"The victory is with the manufacturers, and not with
press or people; and Congress has vindicated itself from the
charge that it did not dare withhold what the newspapers
demanded, only to expose itself, however, to the supposi-
tion of being influenced by a smaller, but richer and more
persistent body. The Massachusetts Representatives, in-
deed, early took pains to show themselves on the manufac-
turer' side. Under the lead ot one of their number, Mr.
Rice, himselfa paper manufacturer and dealer, whose busi-
ness has probably been more profitable since the war began
than that of all the papers in the State, and of the Repre-
sentative of this district, which makes more fine paper than
all the rest of the country, they voted solidly against the
united appeal of the press of their State, and so showed
their independence of the 'third estate.' "
How much Mr. Rice is voting into his own pocket by
opposing the repeal of the paper duty will be understood
by looking at a communication from a Massachusetts cor-
respondent on the first page of this sheet. At Iladley Falls,
and in the county of Berkshire, the paper mills have been
piling up a piofit of from one hundied to two hundred per
cent, for two or three years past. Mr. Rice, is not willing
to give up so princely'ft icvcnue, winch, perhaps, as poor
human nature is constituted, is not much to be wondered
at, in his case at least; but we must tell him plainly that it
is not the part ot an honest man to get himself elected to
Congress and then vote tor a duty which brings to himself
a hundred per cent, on the bad paper he makes, and to the
public Treasury nothing at all. We have always main-
tained, and urged again and again, that men who had such
^interests to promote, men who had anything to gam or to
lose in a pecuniary respect by certain measures winch were
likely to come before Congress, had no right to be in that
body; no more right, in fact, than a man interested m the
event of a suit has to be on the jury befoie which u is tried.
We want just and impartial legislators and none other,
and a just and unpaitial legislator in this case Mr. Rick
cannot be. When he saw the question coming up before
Congress he should have instantly resigned hi- place. By
remaining in it and voting for his dirty hundred or two hun-
dred per cent, profits he exposes himself to censures na
seveie and as ignominious as the juror would deserve in the
case we have supposed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker,
it has been my fortune to be a member of this
House during the last five or six years; and I do
not deem it necessary that I should rise in my
place to vindicate myself in the presence of my
associates and colleagues in respect to the man-
ner in which 1 have discharged either my public
or my private duties in this House. I have never
heretofore felt called upon to notice any remarks
or criticisms that have been m$de upon my con-
duct in any quarter whatsoever; and in depart-
ing in this case from the rule which has governed
me heretofore, I do it as much for the purpose of
vindicating the rights of a member upon this floor,
and of every member, as I do of vindicating my-
self against the foul and unjust aspersions cast
upon me in the article which has just been read.
I do not propose,sir, to descend into the depths
of a personal controversy in respect to any as-
saults or animadversions of which I may be the
subjeGt; but 1 wish to say a single word or two
upon the argument which is embraced in the ar-
ticle which has just been read. That article pro-
ceeds upon the assumption that no member of this
House who has any interest whatever in any of
the great questions which arise here in Congress
is entitled to express his opinion or to give his
vote upon any of those measures, or even to con-
tinue a member of this body unless he is entirely
independent of them. Now, sir, I-want to ask
you and the members of this body how it is pos-
sible that a House of Representatives can be or-
ganized in a country like this, spreading over a
vast extent of territory, North and South, and
East and West—territory which is measuied,not
by miles, but by parallels of latitude and me-
ridians of longitude—embracing every variety of
soil, climate, and of production; 1 ask how it is
possible that from the length and breadth of so
vast a territory, supporting a people living upon
its natural and artificial resources and in the em-
ployments furnished by them both; how is it pos-
sible that a legislative assembly can be convened
to legislate upon the interests of such a people if
the members of that assembly be entirely lnde-
pendentof those interests? Sir, it is a perfect ab-
surdity to suggest it. If it were possible to send
here men identified with none of the interests
of the country, they would not only be destitute
probably of the proper information for their duties,
