E CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE..
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIVES; WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
TUESDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 1365.
New Series No. 48.
but be open to every species of bribery and cor-
ruption in regard to the questions coming here
for consideration and decision, without concern
enough about any of them to make them fit Rep-
resentatives of AmSrican constituencies. The rea-
soning of this writer would exclude every busi-
ness man in the country from Congress.
But, Mr. Speaker, I do not deny that I have
an interest in one and in many of the questions
that arise in this House; and if I had no interest
i  them I could not represent a constituency of
this country. Sir, I feel the stimulus which comes
from the interests of my constituents, and of my
fellow-countrymen, whether they be in the dis-
trict, in the State which I in part represent, or
wherever they are within the fimits of our coun-
try. I have felt it to be my first and foremost
duty, since I have been a member of this House,
to acquaint myself to the utmost of my ability
with every one of the great leading interests of
this country, in order that I might be prepared,
•when called upon, to give my vote and my voice in
accordance with that which is just to the special
interests and at the same timejust tothevcommon
interests of our country.
Now, the writer of this article arraign s me for
my vote and my remarks on the question of redu-
cing the duties on imported paper, and he charges
me with being governed in my action in that par-
ticular by a pecuniary interest which I have in
American paper, and which will be affected by a
high or a low tariff on the foreign article. He
designates me as a manufacturer and as being in
a combination of manufacturers, and acting in
behalf of and for their interests, and for my own
especially, and acting because my interest lies in
the direction of my vote. Well, sir, I claim that
J have the same right as any other gentleman to
protect my own interests so long as rhey are not
in conflict with the interests of my fellow-coun-
trymen, whether they be in this House or out of
it. But, sir, let me ask whether there are not
other gentlemen in this House who have inter-
ests in the question^ which come up hero for dis-
cussion and decision? Are there no gentlemen
here representing the interests of coal, of iron, of
wool, of tobacco, and of the multiform shapes
which these articles take in different lines of man-
ufacture? Sir, to come more closely to the sub-
ject in question, are there no men here represent-
ing the opposite side of this paper question ? Are
there no proprietors of newspapeis in this House?
Are there no edittns here? Are there no pub-
lishers here? And did they or one of them resign
his sent or withhold his vote when"this question
came up? Yet, sir, why does the Evening .Post
travel out of the line of its ow.n profession, ignor-
ing the fact that there are editors and publishers
and proprietors of newspapers here, and that they
participated in legislation on this question ? Why
was it necessary for it to pass over all its side of
the interest and to select me from among the large
number of gentlemen who spoke and voted in
opposition to the reduction of the paper duty? _
Sir, I acted on that question, let me say, not in
the interests of the manufacturers any more than
1 did in the interests of the publishers; and I am
glad that [ stand upon the recoids of the House
on that question as I do stand, because 1 am per-
fectly sure that the future will vindicate me by
showing that we cannot tamper with any one of
the great interests of the country by special and
hostile legislation without depriving the people of
the country of the advantages that otherwise flow
from them. Both publishers and manufacturers
will suffer from this legislation respecting paper,
in my opinion.
The action I have taken here has been so far
in the interests of the manufacturers as to stimu-
late production, and everybody knows that the
amount of production, whether of paper or any
other article of manufacture, is the principal reg-
ulator of price as well as of supply.
And we come to another point, and that is that
this charge against me here as acting from the
interest of a manufacturer is utterly and totally
ftl«e I have not one single dollar invested in
48
any paper mill upon the face of the earth; nor have
I one single dollar invested in the manufacture of
paper anywhere; and whoever charges that on me
charges that which isutterlyand absolutely false.
So much for the charge which has becn#made
against me. Now, sir, I do not speculate upon
men's motives. I do not know why the men
connected with the Evening Post have selected
me as the mark toward which they fling their in-
sinuations and falsehoods. But, sir, there are
sometimes indications which give us the line of
direction to the motives which influence men in
their action; and since I read the article in the
Evening Post there has been placed in my hands
a copy of the Baltimore American of the 25th ul-
timo, which I send to the Chair that an extract
from it may be read. It fell to my fortune the
other day in the discharge of my duty as a mem-
ber of the House to say something in defense of
the Navy Department, and it is barely possible,
after reading the extract, that some connection
may be discovered between the duty which I
then performed and the article which will be read
from the Clerk's desk. I ask that the article frqjp
the Baltimore American may be read.
Mr. GR1SWOLD. I wish to ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Not now.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" The Evening Post has enjoyed, in past yea rs, a repu-
tation and influence not wholly unmerited, but theie h.is
recently been an obvious change in us tone townid the
Navy, and the editors must be careful not to prostitute its
foimer character to personal ends or ptivate malignity, or
its influence will be imputed, if not wholly saci ificed. It
is well Known that the publnhfi of the Pott, who was Navy
Ajrent, was jemovcd.hy the Navy Department foi alleged
criminal practice?; that he was tt ied before a United State.*
Coirimia&ionei, and held to bail aftor examination ; and that
the grand juty have found four bills of indictment against
him for fraud and malfeasance, for which he is to be tried
in the United States court. Hmce the removal of the pub-
lisher of lite Evening Post for those nllpund criminal prac-
tices the columns of that paper have exhibited marked un-
friendliness 10 the Navy J) p.u tment, and in many instances
to the gallant men of the naval seivice. If the editors of
the. Evening Post are permitting thyin-elves to bo animated
by feelings of revenge, because their associate has been
checker! in a criminal euiiit'r; or if they fancy they c$m
influence the court 01 tire .Government in his case by job-
bing our naval officeis and ennv? of their just merit, and
aie therefore, defaming the services of these brave men or
attempting to trun&fer xt to others, they commit a fatjil
mistake "
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Now, Mr.
Speaker, I will detain the House but one mo-
ment more. I cannot believe that the article 111
the Evening: Post came from the pen of the ven-
erable and respected gentleman in whose naffie
the business of that paper is conducted, and whose
writings have so long and so greatly adorned the
literature of this country; but from whatever
teacher of " public morals" this vile slander came
under the head of the Evening Post I hull it back,
in defiance and contempt, to the unclean source
from which it emanated.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, in connection
with this I desire to offer a resolution.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Let me first ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts a question. Does the
gentleman know whether that article came from
the reporter of that paper?
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I do not think
that it did.
Mr. STEVENS. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved. Tint the New York Evening Post shall here,
after be allowed no re porter or reporter's table in tlos House,
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. How does
this resolution <;et ill?
The SPEAKER. Unanimous consent was
granted to the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. BROOKS. 1 object to that resolution.
Mr. MORRILL. Has the gentleman any sus-
picion that the reporter had anything to do with
this?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know anything
about that, i know that that paper has had some-
thing to do with it, and that it has no right to a
representative upon this floor.
Mr. MORRILL. I understand the gentleman
from Massachusetts to say that he does not think
the reporter has had anything to do with' it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
question of order. The resolution is not before us.
The SPEAKER. In the opinion of the Chair
it is. Unanimous consent was granted to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts to bring in the matter,
and that gives the right to consider it.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I thought
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Rice]
only rose to a personal explanation.
The SPEAKER. Yes, based upon an article
in the New York Evening Post.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. And the
gentleman from Pennsylvania followed that up
with a resolution*
Mr. ELDRiDGE. The House did not grant
consent to any such proceeding.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated to thegen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] that the_
morning, hour had commenced running by a calf
of committees for reports of bills of a private
character. The gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Rice] then asked unanimous consent to,
make a personal explanation in regard to an ar-'
tide contained in the New'York Evening Post.
The Chair asked if there was any objection, and
no objection was made. He then made a state-
ment, and the gentleman from Pennsylvania, as
a matter growing out of it, offered a resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I do not
object to the resolution for any matter contained
in it, although 1 should oppose its adoption,but
be-cause it seems to me to be a departure from the
rules of the House, and establishing a dangerous
precedent. Other gentlemen, following tins ex-
ample, may introduce resolutions upon matters
of a personal nature or explanation admitted be-
fore the House, and thus block up the business
of the House entirely with a matter which the
House did not intend should be introduced when
it gave its consent. I now oppose the manner of
introducing the resolution.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania cannot argue the matter unless he ap-
peals from the decision of the Chair. •
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I desire to say
that 1 have 110 belief whatever that the ,.reporter
for the Evening X'ost in this House is in any way,
even the least, directly or indirectly, involved in
the article in that paper, and I should very much
regret, to have such an imputation rest upon him.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not desire to do what
would be considered improper by the gentleman
from Massachusetts. I do not cast any censure
upon the reporter, but I say that papers which
contain such libels upon members of this House
have no right to a representative here. I say that
these papers, and especially those in New York
—I do not speak of any except those belonging to
our own side of politics, for I know no others—
have become so infamous, po libelous, and so ca-
lumnious, if we venture to differ from their dog-
mas, that scarcely a day passes that some one on
this floor is not attacked in a most foul manner.
But as the gentleman from Massachusetts desires
that 1 shall withdraw my resolution, I will do so.
RAILROAD LIKE IN ARIZONA, ETC.
Mr. YEAMAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill providing for the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line through the Terri-
tories of Arizona, New Mexico, and Colorado;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
The SPEAKER resumed the call of commit-
tees for report of bills of a private nature.
Mr. CODE. I ask unanimous consent to pre-
sent to the House a memorial of the Legislature
of Wisconsin.
Mr. HALS. 1 object, and call for the regular
order.
SERVICES OF A STENOGRAPHER.
Mr. DAWES, from the Committee of Elec-
tions, reported the following resolution:
Resolval, That the Clerk of tile House pay, out of th«
