,754
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
contingent fund, fifty dollars to Theodore F. Andrews, for
reporting proceedings and evidence before the Committee
of Elections in the matter of the Louisiana delegation.
Mr. DAWES. I would explain that this ex-
pense was incurred before the appointment of a
reporfer to committees to transact such business.
It was deemed by the committee a matter of suf-
ficient importance to be reported.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. t)AWES moved that the vote by which
the resolution was agreed to be reconsidered; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table..
The latter motion was agreed to.
DIGEST OF ELECTION OASES.
Mr. DAWES. I have a report here, but I am
not certain whether it is of a private nature or
not. The House will recollect that at the last
session- thejr appointed the clerk to the Commit-
tee of Elections to prepare a digest of all election
cases since 1834. That digest has been prepared
with great care, and is now ready for the printer.
It is necessary that some one should be employed
to superintend the printing, and, after that is done,
to prepare a proper index.
■ Upon consultation with the Clerk of the House
he has prepared foirme a resolution to accomplish
that object. It is proposed to have the work
printed at the GovernmentPrinting Office, arid to
have the index prepared under the superintend-
ence of the clerk to the Committee of Elections,
who shall have the pay of the clerk of the Com-
mittee of Elections for the time he is actually em-
ployed in doing the work, the Clerk of the House
to see that no more time is consumed than neces-
sary.
The SPEAKER. It is clearly business of a
private nature.
Mr. A. W. CLARIC. - Does the gentleman pro-
pose to take one of the employes of the Clerk of
the House to perform this work, or some one out-
side ? If it is necessary to take some one ouiside,
I have < bjection to it.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman that
it. would be difficult for any new clerk to take hold
of this matter, and therefore we propose to take
the clerk to the committee. This work covers
thirty or forty years of the records of this House,
and he is familiar with it all.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This mat-
ter relates to a subject which has been agitated
ever since I have been in Congress. Several at-
tempts have been made to make it digest of all eon-
tested-eleclion cases. It has been reported on by
several Committees, of" Elections, but no definite
action was ever had. This is a matter of great
importance to the House, and of still greater im-
portance to the Committee of Elections. Our
election cases, unindexed and undigested, are
comparatively valueless. This is a umall amount,
and I think it fair and just and proper that it should
be vote'd, and that the party who has got up the
digest should make the index.
Mr. DAWES. I wish tosay, in addition, that
this work has been prepared Willi great care and
fidelity. Research has been made into the records
both of the Elouseand of the Senate, and cases have
been brought out that were neither found in the
Globe nor upon the Journal of cither House, but
only in the manuscript records of the House and
the Senate. I think that this will be found to be a
work of great value, inasmuch as it will place in
the possession of Congress and of the country
cases that otherwise would never have been seen.
The nature of the case is such that it did seem
to the Committee of Elections, upon consultation
with the Clerk of the House—and I think the
Clerk told me that he had consulted our Journal
Clerk, who agreed with him in his opinion—that it
is proper, in order to have a correct and useful in-
dex, that the clerk of the Committee of Elections
should be employed merely at his ordinary pay
for the time he is actually employed, to stop when
he gets through with his work; and he is to be
entirely under the control and superintendence of
the Clerk of the House.
Mr. A.~VV. CLARil. I would inquire why
one of the regular employes of the Clerk cannot
do this work?
Mr. DAWES- I offer tho resolution in this
shape at the suggestion of the Clerk of the H ouse,
because it was thought that he could not employ
any of I lie clerks now m his office to do the work
advantageously. I now offer the resolution .and
call the previous question upon it.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That there be printed for tiie use of the mem-
bers of the Uouse five thousand copies of the Digest of Elec-
tion Laws, madeunder the Older of the House bythe clerk
of the Committee of Elections, togerher with a full index
to the same, to be prepared by the said cleik, for which,
and for the necessary revision and superintendence con-
nected therewith, he shall be paid by the Clerk of the House
a per diem for the days actually employed thereon, not ex-
ceeding that paid to clerks of committees during tho session
of Congress.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that if the provision for extra copies be left in,
the resolution will have to go to the Committee
on Printing.
Mr. DAWES. I will strike out "five thou-
sand copies," and insert " the usual number of
copies."
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was pgreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that five thousand
extra copies be printed.
The motion was referred, undei^the law, to the
Committee on Printing.
• ALEXANDER J. ATOCIIA.
Mr. HALE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back, with the recommendation that it
do pass, bill of the Senate No. 281, for the relief
of Alexander J. Atocha.
The bill directs the Court of Claims to exam-
ine into the claim of Alexander J. Atocha against
the Government of Mexico for losses sustained
by him by reason of his expulsion fiom that re-
public in 1845, and if they shall be of opinion
that the claim was a just one against Mexico when
the treaty of 1848 was ratified, they shall fix and
determine the amount of the litss or damage sus-
tained, which, being adjusted or determined by
the court, shall be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated; provided,
that the amount so to be paid shall in no event
exceed the balance of the $3,000,000, provided by
the fifteenth article of the treaty of Guadalupe
Hidalgo for the payment of claims of citizens of
the United States against the Government of
Mexico, which still remains unapplied to that ob-
ject.
Mr. HALE. I ask that the bill be considered
now.
' There being no objection, the bill was ordered
to a third reading; and was accordingly read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. HALE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill'was passed; and also moved that
tke motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ELIPIIALET BROWN, JR.
Mr. HALE, fiom th e same committee, reported
back, with the recommendation that it do not
pass, bill of the Senate No. 334, for the relief of
Eliphalet Brown, jr., artist in the Japan expedi-
tion.
The bill was laid on the table.
HENItY A. BRIGIIAM.
Mr. HALE also, from the same committee, re-
ported back, with the recommendation that it do
pass, bill of the Senate No. 212, for the relief of
Henry A. Brigham.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to Henry A. Brigham the sum of $2,000,
being the amount of his check drawn in favor of
the Assistant Treasurer of the United States at
New York, on the 7th of November, 1862.
_ Mr. HALE. I ask for the consideration of the
bill now. t
Mr. WILSON and Mr. SPALDING objected.
Mr. II ALE. I hope the ob jection will be with-
drawn. This is as plain a case as ever came be-
fore the House.
Mr. WILSON. Does the gentleman mean to
press the bill to its passage without discussion ?
Mr. HALE. No,sir; lam willing that it shall
bo discussed.
Mr. WILSON. Then I withdraw-my objec-
tion.
Mr. SPALDING. And I withdraw mine with
that understanding.
Mr. HALE. In the first place, this claimant
is a man of very high character, which I think is
an important fact in the case. He has maintained
a very lofty character as an upright and honest
man. I can appeal to his Representative to sus-
tain me in saying this.
Mr. WILSON. I will state to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that I do not think that ques-
tion is involved here at all.
Mr. HALE. It is a fact in the case.
Mr. WILSON. There is nothing to show but
what this man is of the best possible character.
I admit all that. I do not think it is a question
involved in the case.
Mr. HALE. It is a fact in the case which I
think has an important bearing, although not
conclusive, and which ought to be considered.
The claimant, who is a paymaster, went to New
York to draw his monthly pay, $38,000. He gave
notice the day before to the sub-Treasurer of the
amount and the denominations he required. The
amount was courted put by a clerk in the sub-
Treasurer's office and put on a tray in a drawer
in an inner room. The next day, Mr. Brigham
called, according to promise. The clerk took out
the tray containing, as he said, $38,000, and pro-
ceeded to count it in the presence of Mr. Brigham,
he Seeing upon one side of the counter and Mr.
Brigham upon the other. When he had counted
it to his satisfaction he handed it to Mr. Brigham
to count. Mr. Brigham took up the parcels of
money and found, instead of six parcels of $2,000,
only five parcels. The money had not been re-
moved at all; it was in their presence.
When this fact was brought to the attention of
the clerk he at once began to search for the miss-
ing parcel; he went back into the room which
he had brought the money from and looked about,
but he could not find it, and finally, when the
money could not be fouud, Mr. Brigham offered
to be searched upon the spot to banish any sus-
picion that he had the money; but the clerk did
not insist upon it, and they referred the matter to
Mr. Cisco to decide whose the loss should be.
They both went to Mr. Cisco, and he decided
that the delivery was complete when the clerk
put the money on the desk, and that if anything
was lost it must be the loss of Mr. Brigham. It
is not alleged that Mr. Brigham had received
one dollar of the money. 1 believe that no law-
yer will say that if it had been a bank which was
paying the money to the paymaster, it would have
been a delivery. The bank could have been sued
for $2,000, if they had refused to pay it, and made
to pay it in any court in the country or anywhere
else. Why then should the United States re-
quire the paymaster to lose this money when it
is not pretended that he got the money ?
The inference is thatsomebody who wasabout
there stole the money. There was a stranger in
the neighboihood, a total stranger to the paymas-
ter, a man whom he had never seen before'm his
life; this man came up and,stood in the neighbor-
hood of the money.
Mr. WILSON. I will ask the gentleman
whether that feature of the case was not aban-
doned in the Senate when the bill-was under con-
sideration there. Was not the suggestion that the
money might have been taken by a stranger who
was present entirely withdiawn from the case?
Mr. HALE. I do not know how that is; but
I understand this to be one of the incidents of the
case.
Mr. WILSON. I will state that that i3 the
case. ,
Mr. HALE. It is alleged or insinuated by the
clerk that the stranger .stole the money.
Mr. WASHBURNE.of Illinois. Willnotthe
passage of this hill involve the principle that the
Government is to become the insurer against all
such losses? If we pass this bill, will it not be-
come a precedent?
Mr. HALE. If the money had been delivered
to the paymaster, and lost after he had received
it and while in his custody, then I a^tee that the
loss should have been his own. IJut I submit
that, in this case there is no evidence to lead any
fair-minded man to believe that the mom>y ever
went into the hands of the paymaster at all, actu-
ally or constructively.
Mr. WILSON.. It does appear in this rase be-
yond a doubt that the Government has lost ^2,000.
The Government has paid out that amount of
money, because the testimony in the case is that
