62
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 7,
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Reform of the Indian System—Jlr. Donnelly.
Ho. of Reps.
in theory, is the equal of the Government. The
moment it is made, his sovereignty passes from
him as well ashis lands. He lives subject to our
authority and yet not protected by our laws. We
can enforce treaty obligations against him by the
strong arm of military power, but for our infrac-
tions he has no remedy save resistance, and that
means destruction. Does the history of the world
anywhere else present such an anomaly? A petty
independent Power, in the midst of amighty sov-
ereignty, overawed by its military force and living
upon its bounty.
Nor shall it be thought that the Government has
gained pecuniarily by this policy. While it has
been niggardly, inhuman, and unchristian, it has,
at the same time, been unwise and ruinous.
Since the 4th of March, 1789, the Government
has appropriated, directly for the benefit of the
Indians, the enormous sum of $89,155,098 32.
If to.this direct outlay we add the sums incurred
by the Government in the Indian wars in Illinois,
Florida, Oregon, Minnesota, and other quarters,
they will swell this sum to the vast aggregate of
at least $150,000,000.
The total number of Indians receiving annuities
is 46,365. If we estimate each family to consist
of four persons, which is a moderate calculation,
and divide this sum of $150,000,000 among the
chiefs or heads of families, we shall find that for
each of such chiefs the Government has expended
the sum of $13,000!
Where now is all this wealth? Has it reached
the Indians? Have its accumulations descended
from father to son > Do we find it represented to-
day among the tribes by comfortable homes and
overflowinggranaries? No. Upon our western
prairies are scattered this miserable, degraded,
impoverished people, an everlasting reproach to
our Christian nation and adisgrace to humanity.
Where, then, are these great sums? They have
gone to fill the coffers of those who stood between
the Government and the Indian,and deceived the
one while they robbed the other.
Mr. Chairman, I feel that it is my duty to
speak of these tilings. The evil results of this
pernicious system have descended upon my own
State in fire and blood. An innocent and an un-
offending population of white settlers have paid
the penalty for years of misgovernment with their
lives; and although the scenes of devastation
and ruin and horror have passed away from my
State, I trust forever, the system still lives, and
is already preparing new stores of suffering
and calamity for other communities. When I
have looked upon the humble homestead of the
frontiersman in ashes, and beheld the corpse of
its owner lying gashed and bloody beside it, I
could not but trace home the terrible responsibil-
ity for all this evil to this Capitol, and to that sys-
tem which, taking charge of a savage race, re-
tained them in barbarism, made no proper efforts
for their civilization, and at last turned them loose
like wild beasts, to glut their brutal passions and
infuriated rage upon an unsuspecting people.
I assert unhesitatingly, and upon mature reflec-
tion, thatnot even our white race could rise from
barbarism to civilization against the pressure of
such a system as that under and by means of
which it is proposed to civilize the Indians.
Let us look at some of its details.
One of the Red Lake Chippewa chiefs of Min-
nesota said but two years since, when solicited to
part with the lands of his tribe: " When we sell
our lands we dig our graves."
The savage had summed up the question in a
sentence. The Indian is a hunter, and requires
large areas of land in which to find his support.
Deprive him of these lands, fill them with a white
population, which drives out the wild game, and
at the same time give him no instruction to enable
him to compete in the arts of agriculture with the
white man, and he becomes, perforce, a vagabond,
a thief, and, it may be, an assassin.
The civilization of the Indian becomes, there-
fore, a matter of the first necessity to the comfort
and safety of his white neighbor. Injustice to
him is injury to ourselves.
" This swords hiit is the sharpest, and cuts through
The hand that wields it."
But what is the course of the Government? It
concentrates upon a small stripof land the popu-
lation for whose sustenance the whole of the ceded
territory was before necessary. It surrounds this
fragment, this island of barbarism, with a dense
civilized white population. The savage must either
remain upon his reservation and starve or invade
the precincts of the white man and beg and stea.l.
The strain is too great for human nature. Col-
lisions follow, and both white and red are speedily
involved in common suffering and ruin, equally
victims of a pernicious system.
But it may be said that the Indian can become
an agriculturist on his reservation.
Civilization is a tender plant. Centuries of con-
tact with the Roman power left our own ancestors
still savages. When, at last, the spark of civili-
zation was warmed into a little flame,how many
slow and weary ages did it take to light up the
horizon with its blaze ? The lapse of thousands
of years extends between the nomad of eastern
Europe, who carried the scalp of his enemy at
his saddle-bow, and the highly refined citizen of
England or America. Shall we then hope that
by the mere power of the human will and the
force of a few legislative enactments we shall, in
a fortnight, turn a band of savages, collected on
their reservation like cattle in an mclosure, into
civilized men?
The Governmentseems to have possessed some
faint conception of what was required of it. It
employs a farmer for the tribe, it hires a black-
smith, and it furnishes some agricultural imple-
ments. These are, it is true, glimpses of the
truth; but there it stops. What is the result?
Tho Indian who has industry and energy enough
to cultivate a field and raise a crop lies at the
mercy of every roaming vagabond of the tribe,
who, returning bootless from his hunting excur-
sions, descends upon his store of maize and po-
tatoes, and reenacts
" The good old rule, the simple, plan,
That they f-iiail take who have tile power,
And they shall keep who can.;5
There is no military or police force to protect
industry against robbery, what whiteman would
overcome all the prejudices of education, all the
habits of years, all the teachings of superstition,
and endure the cold of winter and the heat of
summer, to find, at last, the results of his labor
swept away from him by some idle and savage
neighbor ?
Nor is this all. This insecurity extends to the
very fields the Indian cultivates. It has been the
policy of the Government to withhold from him
that encouragement to labor which accompanies
possession of the soil. If it is true, as believed
by some, that a system of periodical redistribu-
tion of the land among all the members of the
clan arrested the growth of civilization in the
British islands for centuries, what shall we say
of this system, which deprives the Indian of his
field, not periodically, but at the bidding of a dis-
tantand unseen power, or which leaves him a mere
occupant and squatter, open at any moment to
invasion by his more powerful white neighbors ?
Again, I ask, what white man could be induced
to labor to enhance the value of his fields if the
very increase of their value tended only to hurry
him more rapidly from them? Who is he that
toils willingly for the advantage of another?
But even this is not all. It was said by some
one of old, "If vice were on the whole profitable,
then the wise man would be the villain." The
essence of virtue is that it meets with its reward.
Hence any system of Government that rewards
equally vice and virtue, indolence and industry,
is corrupt and rotten,and can breed only the most
disastrous consequences. And yet this is the
system adopted by us in our treatment of the In-
dians '. The annuities are distributed among the
members of the tribe without any regard what-
ever to the conduct of the recipients. The ruffian,
who robs his industrious neighbor, draws an
equal share with the poor wretch he has despoiled.
Nay, more, he may go outside of the reservation
and prey upon the adjacent white population, and
the claims of the white man for the damages he
inflicts are paid by the agent out of the total fund
of the tribe; so that the many who are innocent
suffer for the one who is guilty. In such a state of
society the highest premiums are offered for crime
and disorder; and it may well be believed that the
most sagacious would find it to their interest to
become the most vicious.
1 need not here enlarge upon that other evil,
and parent of many evils, the unjust treatment of
the Indians by their agents. I do not assert that
all those who occupy or have occupied such posi-
tions have proved themselves dishonest; but I do
believe that, under the present system, the temp-
tations are too strong for ordinary human virtue.
The agent finds himself far away from white
society, in the midst of a barbarous population,
sunk in ignorance and debauchery and regardless
of their own interests; while through his hands
pass large sums of money intended for their ben-
efit. He is asked to protect those who cannot
protect themselves; to deal honestly by those
who are unable to bring him to account; and to
feel his responsibility to morality and justice in
an almost irresponsible position. Until we can
find among the followers of the great parties of
the day a sufficient number of pure-minded and
disinterested philanthropists to fill all these agen-
cies, and to endure exile, discomfort, and small
salaries for honesty and righteousness' sake, we
must expect this evil to continue. The evil is in
the system, not in the men who represent it. If
the reproach can be addressed to our Govern-
ment which was made to Tiberius: " It is you
that are to blame for these things, that have
committed your flocks, not to shepherds, but to
wolves;" the deeper reproach can also be uttered
against us, that we have for years permitted a sys-
tem which by its own force has created those
wolves even out of the most trusted of our shep-
herds.
The course of these remarks will indicate what,
in my humble judgment, should be the course
adopted by the Government toward the Indians.
In the first place, the whole system of treaties
should be abrogated. We have filled a thousand
octavo pages of our statutes with such useless
compacts. Wo need no such plea to justify us in
taking the lands of the Indians. If one hundred
human beings can support themselves on a tract
of land where one savage finds a precarious sub-
sistence, the one hundred have a right to go there
and take possession of and cultivate it. The right
of man to life and to the earth as a means of life is
paramount to all else. Butin seizing the Indian's
territory, the new-comers must not consign him
to starvation; they must share the land with him,
and teach him those arts by which a small por-
tion of it will sustain him as fully as the whole
did formerly.
Iii the next place, whatever land is given to the
Indian should be given him by irrevocable patent;
so that he can never be disturbed in his posses-
sion by the pressure of an advancing population.
It should also be guarded in such manner that he
cannot, for many years, sell or incumber it. Tho
Government must treat hiin in this respect as its
helpless and dependent ward.
In the next place, it would be well that cach
reservation should be located near to or surround-
ing a military post, so as to secure at all times a
perfect administration of justice through the mil-
itary authorities, and full protection to the indus-
trious and deserving from the vicious and de-
praved .
In the next place, there should be erected for
each family a comfortable log house; and a field
should be broken sufficient for their support upon
the land patented to them by the Government.
They should be furnished with sufficient tools,
seed, and working cattle for its cultivation. The
aid of the Government should then be given lib-
erally to the most deserving, leaving the worth-
less to work or starve. A few successful farmers
would civilize a whole community, even as among
ourselves a few cultivated persons will refine an
entire neighborhood.
In the next place, while it is recollected that the
knowledge of a civilized language does not con-
stitute civilization, nevertheless the English lan-
guage should be introduced among them; and the
education of their children should at the same
time be made compulsory.
It should be recollected that civilization consists
of certain habits of life, productive of comfort and
ease; upon these may reposea higherstructureof
generous thoughts and ennobling religious im-
pulses. Christianity does not consist in the hold-
ing of certain points of doctrinal belief, nor in the
employment of any particular routine of expres-
