APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February
38th Cong....2d Sbss.
Truth of History Vindicated—Mr. Julian.
Ho. of Reps.
gurated the new policy -which has ever since been
giving us victories.
That this sickly policy of an inoffensive war has
naturally prolonged the struggle, and greatly aug-
mented its cost in blood and treasure, no one can
doubt. That it belongs, with its entire legacy of
frightful results, exclusively to the conservative
element in our politics, which at first ruled the
Government, is equally certain. The radical men
saw at first, as clearly as they see to-day, the
characterand spirit of tins rebel revolt. The mas-
sacre at Port Pillow, the starvation of our soldiers
at Richmond, and the whole black catalogue of
rebel'atrocities have only been so many verified
predictions of the men who had studied the insti-
tution of slavery, and who regarded the rebellion
as the natural fruit and culmination of its Christ-
less career. And hence it was that in the very
beginning of the war, radical men were in favor
of us vigorous prosecution. They knew the foe
with whom we had to wrestle. In language em-
ployed on this floor more-than three years ago,
ihey knew lhat" sooner than fail in their purpose
the rebels would light up heaven itself with the red
glare of the pit, and convert the earth into a car-
nival of devils." They knew lhat " every weapon
in ^ie armory of war must be grasped, and every
arrow in our quiver sped toward the heart of a
rebel." They knew that " all tenderness to such
a foe is treason to our cause, murder to our peo-
ple, faithlessness to the grandest and holiest trust
ever committed to a free people." They knew
that "the war should be made just as terrific to
the rebels as possible, consistently with the laws
of war, not as a work of vengeance, but of mercy,
and the surest means of our triumph." They
knew that in struggling with such a foe we were
shut up to one grand and inevitable necessity and
duty, and that was entire and absolute subjugation.
All this was avowed and insisted upon by the
earnest men who understood the nature of the
conflict, and as persistently disavowed and repu-
diated by the Government and its conservative
advisers.
But a time came when its lessons had to be un-
learned. In the school of trial it was forced to
admit that war does not mean peace, but exactly
the opposite of peace. Slowly, and step by step,
it yielded up its theories, and brought itself face
to face with the stern facts of the crisis. The
Government no longer gets frightened at the word
subjugate, because of its literal etymology, but
is rnanfullyand successfully endeavoring to place
the yoke of the Constitution upon the unbaptized
necks of the scoundrels who have thrown it off.
The war is now recognized a* a struggle of num*
bers, of desperate physical violence, to be fought
out to the bitter end, without stopping to count
its cost in money or in blood. Both the people
and our armies, under this new dispensation, have
been learning how to hate rebels as Christian
patriots ought to have done from the beginning.
They have been learning how to hate rebei sym-
pathizers ak-so, and to brand them as even meaner
than rebels outright. They regard the open-
throated traitor, who stakes his life, his property,
his ail, upon the success of his conspiracy against
the Constitution and the rights of man, as a more
tolerable character than the skulking miscreant
who in his heart wishes the rebellion God-speed
while masquerading in the hypocritical disguise
of loyalty. Had the Government been animated
by a like spirit at the beginning of the outbreak,
piacticaily accepting the truth that there can be
no middle ground between treason and loyalty,
rebel sympathizers would have given the country
far {ess trouble than they have done. A little
wholesome seventy, summarily administered,
would have been a most sovereign panacea. On
this point the people were in advance of the Ad-
ministration, and they are to-day. Their earn-
estness has not yet lound a complete and au-
thoritative expression in the action of the Gov-
ernment. A system of retaliation, which would
have proved a measure of real mercy, has not yet
been adopted. Our cause is not wholly rescued
from the control of conservative politicians and
generals. Much remains to be done; hut far more,
ceitamly, has already been accomplished. The
times of brotherly love toward rebels in arms have
gone by forever. Such menus McClellan, Bucll,
and Fits John Porter, aregenerally outof the wny,
and men who believe in fighting rebels are in act-
ive command. This revolution in the war policy
of the Government,as already observed, was ab-
solutely necessary to the salvation of our cause;
and the country will notsoon forget those earnest
men who at first comprehended the crisis and the
duty, and persistently urged a vigorous policy,
suiied to remorseless and revolutionary violence,
till the Government felt constrained to embrace it.
But a vigorous prosecution of the war, Mr.
Chairman, was not enough. While thisstruggle
is one of numbers and of violence, it is likewise,
and still more emphatically, a war of ideas; a con-
flict between two forms of civilization, each wrest-
ling for the mastery of the country. No one now
pretends to dispute this, nor is it easy to under-
stand how any one could ever have failed to per-
ceive it. But the Government, in the beginning,
did not believe it. It tried, with all its might, not
to believe it, and to persuade the world to disbe-
lieve it. It insisted that the real cause of the war
did not cause itaiall. The rebellion was the work
of chance; a stupendous accident, leaping into
life full-grown, without father or mother, with-
out any discoverable genesis. It was a huge,
black, portentous, national riot, which must be
suppressed, but nobody was to be allowed to say
one word about the causes which produced it, or
the issues involved in the struggle. Silence was
to be our supreme wisdom. Hence it was that
the Government, speaking through its high func-
tionaries, declared that the slavery question was
not involved in the quarrel, and that every slave
-in bondage would remain in exactly the same con-
ditio^ after the war as before. Hence it was that
when a celebrated proclamation was issued, giv-
ing freedom to the slaves of rebels in Missouri, it
was revoked by the Government in order to please
the State of Kentucky, and placate the power that
began the war. Hence,under General Halleck's
"Order No. 3," which remained in force more
than a year, the swarms of contrabands who came
thronging to our lines, tendering us the use of
their muscles and the secrets of the rebel prison-
house, were driven away by our commanders.
Hence it was that our soldiers were compelled to
serveasslave-houndsinchasingdownfugitivesand
sending them back to rebei masters,and thatGen-
eral McClellan, who always loved slavery more
than he loved his country, and who declared he
would put down slave insurrections "with an iron
hand," was "continued as commander-in-chief of
our armies long months after the country desired
to spew him out. Hence, likewise, so many thou-
sands of our soldiers were compelled to dig and
ditch in the swamps of the Chickahomiriy till the
cold sweat of death gathered on the handle of the
spade, while swarms of stalwart negroes, able to
relieve them and eager to do so, were denied the
privilege, lest it should offend the nostrils of Demo-
cratic gentility, and give aid and comfort to the
Abolitionists. Hence it was that the President,
instead of striking at slavery as a military neces-
sity, and while rebuking that policy in his deal-
ings with Hunter and Fremont, was at the same
time so earnestly espousing chimerical projects
for the colonization of negroes, coupled with the
policy of gradual and compensated emancipa-
tion, which should take place some time before
the year 3900, if the slaveholders should be will-
ing. Hence it was that very soon after the Ad-
ministration had been installed in power it began
to lose sight of the principles on which it had tri-
umphed m 18ti0, allowing four fifths of the offices
pf the Army and Navy to be held by men of
known hostility to those principles, while the vari-
ous Departments of the Government in this city
were largely filled by rebel sympathizers. Hence
it was that for nearly two years of this war the
Government, while smiting the rebels with one
hand was with the other guarding the slave prop-
erty and protecting the constitutional lights of
the men who had renounced the Constitution, and
ceased to have any rights under it save the right
to its penalty against traitors. Hence it was that
during the greater pai t of this time the Adminis-
tration stood upon the platform and urged the
policy of" the Constitution as it is, and the Union
as it was," which the nation so overwhelmingly
repudiated in the late presidential contest. Hence
it was, finally, that the songs of ^hutier could
not bo sung in our armies, that slavery was every-
where dealt with by the Government as the dear
child ofitslove, and that our rulers seemed, with
matchless impiety, to hope for the favor of God
without laying hold of the conscience ofour quar-
rel, and by coolly kicking it outofdoois! Sir,
I believe it safe to say that this madness cost the
nation the precious $xcnfice of fifty thousand sol-
diers, who have gone up to the throne of God as
witnesses against the horrid infatuation that so
long shaped the policy of the Government in re-
sisting this slaveholders'rebellion.
But here, again, Mr. Chairman, the Govern-
ment had to unlearn its first lessons. Its pur-
pose to crush the rebellion and spare slavery was
found to-be utterly suicidal to our cause, it was
a purpose to accomplish a moral impossibility,
and was therefore prosecuted, if not conceived,
in the interest of the rebels. It was an attempt
to marry treason and loyalty; for the rebellion is
slavery, armed with the powers of war, organ-
ized for wholesale schemes of aggression, and
animated by the overflowing fullness of its infer-
nal genius. The strength of our cause lies in
its righteousness, and therefore no bargain with
the devil could possibly give it aid. Through
great suffering and sacrifice, individual and na-
tional, our rulers learned that there is but " one
strong thing heie below, the just thing, ihc true
thing," and that God would not allow these sev-
eral States to be reunited without the abandon-
ment, forever, of our great national sin. This was
a difficult lesson, but as it was gradually mas-
tered the Government "changed its base." it
became disenchanted. Congress took the lead
in ushering in the new dispensation. A new arti-
cle of war was enacted, forbidding our aimies
from returning fugitive slaves. Slavery was abol-
ished in the District of Columbia, and prohibited
in our national Territories, where it had been
planted by the dogma of popular sovereignty and
the Dred Scott decision. Our Federal judiciary
was so reorganized as to make sure this anti-sla-
very legislation of Congress. The confiscation of
sljjveswas provided for, and freedom offered to
all who would come over and help us, either as
laborers or soldiers, thus annulling the famous
and infamous order of General Halleck, already
referred to. The fugitive slave law was at first
made void as to the slaves of rebels, and finally
repealed altogether, with the old law of 1793. The
coastwise slave trade, a frightful system of home
piracy, carried on by authority of Congress since
the year 1807, was totally abolished. The right of
testimony in our Federal courts, and to stae and
be sued, was conferred upon negroes. Their em-
ployment as soldiers was at last systematically
provided for, and their pay at length made the
same as that of white soldiers. The independ-
ence of Hayti and Liberia was recognized, and
new measures taken to put an end to the African
slave trade. In thus wiping out our code of na-
tional slave laws, acknowledging the manhood of
the negro, and recognizing slavery as the enemy
of our peace, Congress emphatically rebuked the
policy which had sought to ignore it, and to shield
it from the destructive hand of the war instigated
by itself; while it opened the way for further and
inevitable measures of justice looking to his com-
plete emancipation from the dominion of Anglo-
Saxon prejudice, thf repeal of all special legisla-
tion intended for his injury, and his absolute res-
toration to equal rights with the white man as a
citizen as well as a soldier.
Meanwhile, the President had been giving the
subject his sober second thought, and reconsid-
ering his position at the beginning of the conflict.
Instead of affirming, as at first, that the question
j of slavery was not involved in the struggle, he
I gradually perceived and finally admitted that it
i was at once the cause of the war and the obstacle
i to peace. Instead of resolving to save the Union
| with slavery, he finally resolved to save the Union
I without it, and by its destruction. Instead of
| entertaining the country with projects of gradual
' and distant emancipation,conditioned upon com*
j pensation to the master and the colonization of
: the freedmen, he himself finally launched the
policy of immediate and unconditional liberation.
Instead of recoiling from 8< radical and extreme
measures," and "a remorseless revolutionary
conflict," he at last marched up to the full height
of the national emergency, and proclaimed " to
