T58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 11,
The object of this amendment is to protect the
legitimate manufacturer of high win%s who man-
ufactures and pays a duty upon it of two dollars
a gallon.
Mr. ASHLEY. I hope my friend will call the
attention of the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
MALLORy] to that. ,
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will call, not only his
attention, but the attention of the whole House,
and especially of the Committee of Ways and
Means*,to it. Under the law as it now stands
licenses for manufacturing high wines, no matter
to what extent it is carried on, can be had for fifty
dollars a year. If they manufacture less than a
specified quantity, they may have a license for
twenty-five dollars. Now, 1 have knowledge of
the fact that in my own town alone not less than
thirty stills for manufacturing high wines have
been made and sold to parties who have or can
obtain licenses, and who have manufactured with
them .two or three barrels a day. They pay the
license, and if they are detected in this illegitimate
manufacture of whisky, under the law as it now
stands they simply forfeit the'still, and there is
no personal penalty attached to a violation of the
♦law. The consequence js that in the cities of
Chicago, St. Louis, and Peoria, stills of a suffi-
cient capacity to manufacture one, two, or three
► barrels a day have been sold to parties who ob-
tain licenses to manufacture spirits, but who carry
on the business of producingcontraband whisky,
on which they pay no tax whatever.
Now, if the'law provided that no license should
be granted to any person,firm,or corporation that
should manufacture less than two hundred gal-
lons a day, you would cut off all this contraband
manufacture, and you would derive from the legiti-
mate manufacture the tax of two dollars a gallon,
which is lost, if this thing is allowed to go on, to
the Treasury.
Now, if there is any particular locality which
should be excepted, as perhaps some districts in
Kentucky, Pennsylvania, and Tennessee, whore
there may be small manufacturers of whiskv of a
superior quality, out of peaches or rye, they may
be, so far asl am concerned, excepted. Hut if we
desire to protect the Treasury and procure the
' greatest amount of money possible, no person
ought to be permitted to carry on a distillery un-
less he manufactures two hundred gallons a day.
No establishment that carries on the business in
any of the States north of the Ohio river, so fur
as I know, runs less than from tlnee to five hun-
dred,and often two thousand bushels aday, mak-
ing from twenty-five to two hundred barrels of
whisky of first proof. By this amendment I pro-
pose to protect the Government, and to protect
those men who pay a tax of two dollars "per gallon,
against the contraband manufacturer of whisky
and high wines, who pay no tax on the article, and
only avail themselves of their license to defraud
the Government. 1 hope that for that reason my
amendment will bo adopted.
Mr. MORRILL. Where does the gentleman
propose to have his amendment come in?
Mr. 1NGERSOLL. After line two hundred
and twenty-two. 1 will nay that there are no
distillers in the northern or western States that
run less than two hundred gallons aday. There
may, however, be some such in Kentucky.
Mr. MALLORY. i must object to the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Illinois. 1
cannot see what good put pose it is to effect. The
sort of distillation which the gentleman speaks of
—on a small scale—is, in my estimation, as legit-
imate a business as that done on a large scale.
The distiller, in each case, pays his license, and
in each case the product of the distillery is taxed
by the Government. Why should we discnm-
inate, therefoie, in favor of the large producers
and against the small ones? Jt js true that, in
my State, there are a good many persons who
have small establishments where they produce
grape and peach brandy, and occasionally dis-
till corn into whisky,good old Boutbon whi&ky,
sir, which is not made in such quantities as is the
stuff which the constituents of the gentleman from
Illinois make, and which he calls whisky. Why
he should aim to deprive the people of the right
to make these beverages when they pay a license,
and pay a tax on the article produced, is more
than [ can sayC. I did not give full attention to
what he said, as I did not know on what subject
he was speaking till ho had got pretty well under
way. But I understood him to say that the per-
mission to distill in small quantities furnishes
facilities for frauds and for evading the payment
of the revenue. I cannot see how that is.
1 will tell the gentleman, however, that the high
tax which we impose on whisky at this time, by
which its price is brought up to $2 50, §3, and
even $4 a gallon, will beget that sort of illicit dis-
tillation that is practiced so extensively in Ire-
land and England, where a man puts up a small
still in his cellar, completely concealed from the
public view, and runs perhaps five or six gallons
of whisky/i day, making an immense profit by
it, paying no license and no tax on the article
produced. He buys a bushel of corn at twenty-
five or thirty cents, and makes six or eight gal-
lons of whisky a day, which he can sell for three
or four dollars a gallon. His business is much
more profitable*than any other in which a mere
laborer can engage. Thousands wilt be induced to
resort to this thing everywhere. You may try to
prevent it by the vigilance of your revenue offi-
cers. You can do it in that way, but in no other.
You certainly cannot do it by discriminating
against the small producers and in favor of the
large ones. I hope, therefore, that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois will not be
adopted.
Mr. ODELL. «I move to amend the amend-
ment by seducing the limit to a hundred gallons
a day.
Mr. HOOPER. If the gentleman will permit
me, I will say, that if this amendment is to be
adopted, this is not the proper place for it to come
in. It should come in as an amendment to the
seventy-ninth section. And if the gentleman
from Illinois wilt withdraw his amendment now,
I will call his attention to the subject when that
section is under consideration.
Mr. ODELL. I will withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. MALLORY. I suggest to the gentleman
from Massachusetts that the amendment might
ns well be submitted to the committee now, and
be acted on.
Mr. INGERSOLL, I have no de-sire what-
ever to discriminate against any honest man or
any legitimate traffic.
Mr. MALLORY. I so understand.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would be perfectly will-
ing to make it twenty-five gallons a day instead
of two hundred. Perhaps the limit of one hun-
dred gallons would answer the purpose. The
object I have in view'is simply this; that a man
shall be required to carry on this business so ex-
tensively as to notify the world around him what
business he is carrying on. For instance, as the
gentleman from Kentucky says, a man may,
without license, take a little still into his cellar or
into his garret, and distill his ten gallons a day,
which, under the present tax, will net him apio'fit
of twenty dollars. He might possibly run one
barrel, of forty gallons, at a profit of eighty dol-
lars a day. 1 know that, as the law exists now,
there is no adequate protection to the Treasury,
and to the legitimate manufacturers of high wines.
Under our law a license may be procured for fifty
dollars, which the illegitimate manufacture of
twenty-five gallons of whisky will reimburse. Yet
In; may select some place to carry on the business
of manufacturing high wines under his license,
which cannot be discovered, and if discovered the
only penalty is the forfeiture of the apparatus used
in the manufacture. I am willing, if the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means recommend it, to except
Kentucky; but I would prefer that all the States
should be affected by the provision, if it will not
inflict any hardship on honest men. The legiti-
mate manufacture of whisky, if protected, will
yield an annual duty of $80,000,000; although
there is not perhaps a single manufactory running
to-day. It is supposed by those who'are most
familiar with the subject that it is the illegal and
contraband manufacttue that is supplying the
maiket. We must protcct the legitimate manu-
facture or else we will derive no revenue from the
business. 1 desire that the business, when carried
on at all, shall be carried on to such an extent as
that it shall be notorious, because a man cannot
manufacture a hundred gallons a day without
sufficient machinery and apparatus so that his
neighbors may know what he is about. I hope
my amendment may pass—either at a hundred or
two hundred gallons.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting one hundred and ninety gal-
lons. I have no doubt, Mr. Chaiiman, of the
honesty of purpose of the gentleman from Illi-
nois. My objection to his resolution is, that I do
not think it will secure the object which he evi-
dently aims at. The only objection that 1 have
to the present heavy tax imposed on whisky is
that it will beget a fraudulent production of the
article, which will go on increasing from year to
year until the Government will come to the con-
clusion that, instead of raising revenue by this
enormous taxation on whisky, there will be actu-
ally less revenue gained from it than if the duty
imposed were smaller. I believe that when this
tax of two dollars a gallon goes into operation
hundreds of men throughout the country—in the
g'entleman's State as well as in mine—will be in-
duced to resort to the business of'secret distilla-
tion. 1 am sorry to say that men do regard acts
of this sort as not so morally offensive as they
really are. This business of illicit distillation will
go on increasing until the tax on whisky is re-
duced. 1 believe that the Government will be
brought to that before the expiration of two years.
That is one of the reasons, Mr. Chairman, why
1, in the Committee of Ways and Means and here
on this fioor, have always opposed this large tax
on whisky. I am disposed to regard whisky—
as many other gentlemen do—as a legitimate
source of taxation, as an article out of which as
large a revenue as possible sholild be raised. But
the question is, whether we can raise more reve-
'nue by a small duty or a large one. I contend
that a large tax begets illicit distillation; and the
result must necessarily be a diminution of reve-
nue. If you render this distillation on a small
scale illegal, you will inciease the disposition on
the part of small producers to engage in this busi-
ness secretly. As it is now, not one out of
twenty of them would attempt to evade the law.
Men are willing to pay the tax provided they can
make a profit on their business after the payment
of the tax. And they will continue to do so.
Many of these distilleries of which the gentle-
man speaks do not produce more than a barrel or
two of properly distilled peach or apple brandy
or whisky per day. Such is the case in Ken-
tucky, where old Bourbon, the best whisky that
is produced, is manufactured in these limited
quantities in copper stills. I do not want to see
this business rendered illegitimate. I do not see
why the man who wants to make that sort of
whisky in smalt quantities shall not have a li-
cense to do it. I do not see why we should de-
clare by our legislation that, if a man is deter-
mined to carry on that kind of business, he must
do it in violation of law, must do it in some secret
place, in some cavern of a mountain, or in the
cellar of his house. I wish him to be allowed to
pursue this business, and to be required to pay
the tax on it. I desire that the tax-gatherer shall
be instructed to hunt him out and collect the tax.
I want the tax reduced, but whatever it is I want
it paid.
Mr. WEBSTER. Mr. Chairman, I listened
with some attention to the remarks of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Ingersoxx;] yet,m con-
sequence, I suppose, of my own dullness, 1 have
failed to see any reason why his amendment
should prevail. It stukes me that one effect of
the adoption of that proposition would be to give
to the large capitalists the control of one of the
most important branches of industry in the United
States. It would tend to make of this business a
monopoly, favoring the rich man and discrim-
inating against the poor man. So far as my own
district is concerned I do not believe that there can
be found in it more than one distillery that makes
two hundred gallons of hiirh wines per day, while
there are a great number of small manufactuiers,
making from live to twenty-five gallons per day.
The liquors that are made by the small manufac-
turers are much superior in quality to those made
by the large manufacturers. The small manu-
facturers—1 speak from my personal observation
in my own section of country—areas respectable
and honest men as those who manufacture in large
quantities. If, then, the character of the article
produced by the small manufacturer is superior,
and if the Government gets jhe same  . mount of
revenue from the small manufacturer as from the
large, I cannot understand why his legitimate
business should be broken up for the benefitofthe
