1865.]
APPENDIX'TO THE CONGRESSIONAL: «E0KE.
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Truth of'History Vindicated—Mr. Julian.
Ho. Off B®f>g.
all whom it may concern" that slavery must
perish. Instead of a constitutional amendment
tor the purpose of eternizing the institution in the
Republic, indorsed by him in his inaugural mes-
sage, he became the zealous advocate of a con-
stitutional amendment abolishing it forever. In-
stead of committing the fortunes of the war to
pro-slavery commanders, whose hearts were not
m the work, he learned how to dispense with
their services, and find the proper substitutes.
These forward movements were not ventured
upon hastily, but after much hesitation and ap-
parent reluctance. Not suddenly, but following
great deliberation and many misgivings, he issued
his proclamation of freedom. Months afterward
he doubted its wisdom; but it was a grand step
forward, which at once severed his relations with
his old conservative friends, and linked his for-
tunes thenceforward to those of the men of ideas
and of progress. Going hand in hand with Con-
gress in the great advance measures referred to,
or acquiescing in their adoption, the whole pol-
icy of the Administration lias been revolution-
ized. Abolitionism and loyalty are now accept-
ed as convertible terms, and so are treason and
slavery. Our covenant with death is annulled.
Our national partnership with Satan has been dis-
solved; and just in proportion as this has been
dono1, and an alliance sought with divine Piovi-
dence, has the cause of our country prospered.
In a word, Radicalism has saved our nation from
the political damnation and ruin to which Conser-
vatism would certainly have consigned it; while
the mistakes and failures of the Administration
stand confessed in its new policy, which alone
can vindicate its wisdom, command the respect
and gratitude of the people, and save it from hu-
miliation and disgrace.
Mr. Chairman, these lessons of the past sug-
gest the true moral of this great conflict, and make
the way of the future plain. They demand a
vigorous prosecution of the war by all the powers
of war, and that the last vestige of slavery shall
be scourged out of life. Let the Administration
falter on either of these points and the people
will disown its policy. They have not chosen
the President for another term through any sec-
ondary or merely personal consideiations. In
the presence of so grand an issue, men were noth-
ing. They had no faith in General McClellan
and the party leaders at his heels. They had
little faith in the early policy of Mr. Lincoln,
when Democratic ideas rulecWhis Administration
and the power of slavery held him in its grasp.
Had his appeal to the people been made two years
earlier, he would have been as overwhelmingly
repudiated as he has been gloriously indorsed.
The people sustain him now because of their as-
sured faith that he will not hesitate to execute
their will. In voting for him for a second term,
they voted for liberating and arming the slaves
of the South to crush out a slaveholders' rebel-
lion. They voted that the Republic shall live,
and that whatever is necessary to save its life
shall be done. They voted that slavery shall be
eternally doomed, and future rebellions thus made
impossible. They voted, not that Abraham Lin-
coln can save the country, but that ihey can save
it, with him as their servant. That is what was
decided in the late elections. I have participated,
somewhat actively, in seven presidential contests,
and I remember none in which the element of
personal enthusiasm had a smaller share than
that of last November. Onegrand and overmas-
tering resolve filled the hearts and swayed the
purposes of the masses everywhere, and that was
the rescue of the country through the defeat of
the Chicago platform and conspirators. In the
execution of that resolve they lostsightof every-
thing else; but should the President now place
himself in the people's way, by reviving the old
policy of tenderness to the rebels and their be-
loved institution, the loyal men of the country
•will abandon his policy as decidedly as they have
supported it generously. They have not ap-
proved the mistakes either of the legislative or
executive department of the Government. They
expect that Congress will pass a bill for the con-
fiscation of the fee of rebel landholders, and they
expect the President will approve it. They ex-
pect that Congress will provide for the recon-
struction of the rebel States by systematic legis-
lation, which shall guaranty republican govern-
ments to each of those States, and the complete
enfranchisement of the negro; and they will not
approve, as they have not approved, of any ex-
ecutive interference with the people's will as de-
liberately expressed by Congress. They expect
that Congress will provide for parceling^ out the
forfeited and confiscated lands of rebels in small
homesteads among the soldiers and seamen of
the war, as a fit reward for their valor and a se-
curity against the ruinous monopoly of the soil
in the South; and they will be disappointed
should this great measure fail through the default
either of Congress or the Executive. They de-
mand a system of just retaliation against the reb-
els for outrages committed upon our prisoners;
that a policy of increasing earnestness and vigor
shall prevail till the war shall be ended; and that
no hope of peace shall be whispered, save on con-
dition of an absolute and unconditional surrender
to our authority; and the Government will only
prolong the war by standing in the way of these
demands. This is emphatically the people's war;
and it will not any longer suffice to say that the
people are not ready for all necessary measures
of success. The people would have been ready
for such measures from the beginning, if the Gov-
ernment had led the way. At every stage of the
contest they have hailed with joy every earnest
man who came forward, and every vigorous war
measure that has been proposed. So long as the
war was conducted under the counsels of con-
servatives, and in the interests of slavery, the
people clamored against the Administration; but
just so soon as the Government entered upon a
vigorous policy, and proclaimed war against sla-
very, the people began to shout for -the Union
and liberty. In the fall of 1862, before the Ad-
ministration was divorced from its early poliry,
the Union party was overwhelmed at the polls.
But we triumphed the next year, and gloriously
triumphed last year, because the Government
yielded to the popular demand. The plea often
urged, that the people were not ready, is less a
fact than a pretext. The men who loved slavery
more than they loved the Union were never ready
for radical measures. They are not ready to-
day. On the other hand, the men who were all
the while unconditionally for the Union would
have sustained the Administration far more heart-
ily in the most thorough and sweeping war meas-
ures, than they sustained its policy of delaying
those measures to the last hour.
The truth is, the people have stood by the Gov-
ernment for'the sake of the cause, whether its
policy pleased them or not. Their faith and pa-
tience have been singularly unflinching through-
out the entire struggle. They would not distrust
the President without the strongest reasons.
They were ever ready to credit him with good
intentions, and to presume in favor of his supe-
rior means of knowledge. When General Fre-
mont was recalled from Missouri, and General
Butler from New Orleans, the people pocketed
their deep disappointment and quietly acquiesced.
When General Buell was kept in command so
long after his inefficiency had been demonstrated
and his loyalty questioned, both by the country
and the men under his command, the people bore
*t with uncommon patience and long-suffering.
They displayed the same virtues in the case of
General McClellan,and otherrebel sympathizers,
who found favor witl? the Administration long
after the country would have sent them adrift.
Sir, this feeling of unconquerable respect forour
chosen rulers, this Anglo-Saxon regard for con-
stituted authority, has been evinced by the peo-
ple through all the phases of the war. Most
assuredly it would not have been found wanting
had theGovernment inaugurated a radical policy,
instead of a conservative one, during the first
year and a half of the struggle. The people who
endured McClellan, and Buell, and Iialleck,
would have endured Fremont, and Hunter,jtnd
Butler. If the conservative Unionists of Ken-
tucky were not ready for the proclamation of free-
dom to the slaves of Missouri rebels, there were
millions of people outside of Kentucky who were
not ready to have it revoked. I agree that sla-
very had done much to drug the conscience of
the country with its insidious poison. I know
that we had so long made our bed with slave-
holders thatkicking them out was rather an awk-
ward business. As brethren, living under a com-
mon Government,we had longjourne;yed together,
and our habits and traditions naturally toolj the
form of obstacles to a just policy in dealing, with
them as rebels and public enemies. It-was by
no means easy at once to recognize them as such.
All this is granted,and that in the beginning the
country was not prepared forevery radical meas-
ure of legislation and war now being employed ,
by the Government. But it was the duty of the
Administration to do its part in preparing the
country. -Clothed with solemn official authority,
and intrusted by the nation with the sworn duty
of serving it in such a crisis, it had no right to
become the foot-ball of events. It had no right,
at such a time, to make itself a negative expres-
sion, or an unknown quantity, in the algebra
which was to work out the grand problem. It
had no right to take shelter beneath a debauched
and sickly public sentiment, and plead it in bar
of the great duty imposed upon it by the crisis.
It had no right, certainly, to lag behind that sen-
timent, to magnify its extent and potency, and
to become its virtual ally, insteadof endeavoring
to control it, and to indoctrinate the countiy with
ideassuited to the emergency. Ttiepowerof the
Government in molding the general opiniod and
feeling was immense,and its responsibility must
be measured accordingly. The revocation of tile
first anti-slavery proclamation of this war chilled
the heart of eveiy earnest loyalist in the land,-and
came like a trumpet-call to the pro-slavery hosts
to rally and stand together. They obeyed it, and
from that eventdates the birth of organized Cop-
perhead Democracy. The rebels of the South
and their sympathizers in the North felt that they
had gained an ally in the President. Had he
sustained that measure, would not its moral effeet
have been at least as potent on the other side? -
Had his official name and sanction been as .often
given to the cause of radicalism as they were lent
to that of pro-slavery conservatism would not
the country have been much sooner prepared for
the saving and only policy ? if he had said, early
in the struggle, " to all whom it may concern,"
what he says now, that slavery is the nation's
enemy,and therefore must be destroyed,instead
of sheltering it under ihe Constiiulion and sparing
it from the hand of war, how grandly could he
have "organized victory" and multiplied him-
self among the people! Sir,our traditionary re-
spect for slavery and slaveholders was our grand
peril. It stood up asan impassable barrier 111 the
way of any successful war for the Union. So
long as it was allowed to dominate, it unnerved
the arm of the Government and deadened the
spiritof the people. It made the Old Woild our
enemy,and threatened us with foreign war. The
mission of the Government was not to make this
feeling stronger by deferring to it, or to doom the
country to a prolonged war and deplorable sac-
rifices as the best means of teaching the people
the truth. No. The country needed a speedy
exodus from the bondage of false ideas, and the
Government should have pointed the way. A
frank statement by it of the real issue of the war,
without any disposition to cover up the truth;
an unmistakable hostility to slavery as the or-
ganized curse, without which the rebellion would
have been impossible; and the timely utterance
in its leading State papers of a few bold and spirit-
stirring woids which might have been " half bat-
tles," appealing to the courage and manhood of
the nation, would have gone far to educate the
judgment and conscience of the people,and com-
mand their enthusiastic espousal of whatever
measures would promise most speedily to end
the struggle and economize its cost in property
and life.
Mr. Chairman,! take no pleasure,certainly, in
thus freely discussing the policy of the Govern-
mentin itsendeavors to meet its great responsibili-
ties during this war. I have only referred to its
mistakes asaservantof the truth, and in the name
of the great cause which has been made to suffer.
I believe, religiously, in the freedom of speech.
From the beginning of the war I have exercised
the right of frank, friendly, and fearless criticism
of the conduct of our rulers, wherever I believed
them fo have been in the wrong. I shall continue
to exercise it to the end; and if I should not,,
