1865.
. THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
759 *
capitalist, the large manufacturer. The amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois would make
an unjust discrimination against labor and against
the poor men of the country, although I know
that the gentleman had no such intention.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman allow
me to say a word here? As he has already dis-
claimed for me.any intention to legislate unjustly
against the poor man,-1 desire to state that in the
great Northwest—Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Iowa,
and all those States—not a single distiller can be
found in all that country who manufactures less
than five hundred gallons a day.
Mr. WEBSTER. Then, Mr. Chairman, if
this amend men twill notaffect at all the gentleman's
constituents and the people of the great North-
west, it strikes me as very unjust for him to ask
that it shall be imposed upon my people, discrim-
inating against the interest of my section of the
country; for, as I have remarked, the'manufac-
turers hi my section are small manufacturers. In
thus striking a blow at one of the interests of my
people, while favoring unduly the interests of his
people, the amendment appears still more unjust.
Such sectional legislation should not be counte-
nanced.
Mr. INGERSOLL. The gentleman will un-
derstand me as meaning the legitimate manufac-
turers, those who regularly pay the internal rev-
enue tax.
Mr. WEBSTER. It is the business of the
assistant assessors of internal revenue in every
county of the United States to make proper in-
quiries and investigations; and if they discharge
their duties, they can discover any effort to evade
the law; they can ascertain where ail these small
manufacturers carry on their business. I main-
tain that it is unjust to punish, by an enactment
of this kind, the small manufacturers, because
there are in the country 'dishonest men who en-
deavor to evade the law.
I hope, therefore, that this House will adopt
no such proposition as that now oft'eied, whether
the quantity be fixed at two hundred, cine hun-
dred, fifty, or twenty-five gallons. Letevery man
have his just chance in the manufacture of this
article.
Mr. MALLORY. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. CLAY. I renew the amendment. I hope
that no such proposition will pass this House,
making a discrimination against small distillers.
It appears to me that it would be legislation in
favorof capital againstlabor—the rich against the
poor. In my district spirits-are distilled in small
quantities by the farmers, who, in many places
where they have no good roads, convert their
crops into spirits. I think it unjust, therefore, to
prevent our citizens from following their legiti-
mate business. If men cannot distill spirits on a
small scale without cheating the Government, I
do not see why the Government will not be cheated
when spirits are distilled upon a large scale. But,
sir, there is nothing in that argument. You can-
not distill sphits without using a great deal of
wood. The grain is required to be ground, and
for that purpose it must be taken to the mill. It
seems to me impossible to distill even in cellars
or out-houses without it being discovered. You
cannot carry on a distillery without the whole
neighborhood knowing it.
I hope, sir, that no discrimination will be made
in favor of large distilleries and men of capital at
the expense of the farming interest. It is a legit-
imate business in my district, and the best spiiits
are made by those who only distill in small quan-
tities. I hope that the amendment will not pass.
Mr. A. MYERS. I presume that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois is misunder-
stood. I think that the gentleman from Ken-
tucky and the gentleman from Maryland have
misunderstood it. The gentleman from Illinois
means that ail distilleries making less than five
hundred gallons shall go on without paying any
license at all, and in that view of the case i think
it will suit the gentlemen.
Mr. MALLORY. _The law provides that no
man shall distill who docs not procure and pay
for a license.
Mr. MORRILL. I understand that the gen-
tleman from Illinois proposes to withdraw his"
amendment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will withdraw my
amendment, proposing to offer it at another place
in a modified form, so as to suit the gentleman
from Kentucky and the gentleman from Mary-
land. . " •
The Clerk proceeded with the reading of the
bill.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I move to add the following:
Provided further, That no person between the ages of
twenty and forty-five, who is not enrolled for military duty,
or reguiaily exempted.Horn enrollment, shall be entitled to
a license as a peddler.
Mr. Chairman, I will explain in one word what
is the object sought to be accomplished by that
amendment. Now, in the midst of this war, a
great number of persons, and especially foreigners
not liable to the performance of military duty,
who take care not to be naturalized by making a
declaration of intention to become citizens so as
to. subject them to the laws requiring military
duty, go through the country as peddlers While
I would permit the women and the aged who were
not liable to enrollment, persons who by sex or
age are exempted from the performance of mili-
tary duty or enrollment for that purpose to carry
on the business, I desire to declare by law that all
foreigners and others between the ages of twenty
and forty-five shall not hawk any goods through-
out the country unless they can show that they
are regularly enrolled, or have been regularly
exempted.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 see no objection to that
amendment. •
Mr. GANSON. This is a revenue bill, and
will it not diminish the revenue?
Mr. SCHENCK. I think not. It allows the
women and the aged to take up the business.
Mr. GANSON. It ought to be in a military
bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. It is in the l'ightplace here.
It does not prevent any person availing themself
of this us a means of livelihood who has been reg-
ularly enrolled and who is waiting for a draft, or
who has been regularly exempted.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend by in-
serting in line two hundred and thii ty-four, page
10, after the word " commission," the following:
And no one shall be licensed to distill spirits unless the
assessor is satisfied that the poison applying lor tile license
has the necessary apparatus for distilling notless than fifty
gallons daily.
By this amendmentl believe I have avoided the
objections made by the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Malloky] and by the gentleman from Ma-
ryland, [Mr. Webster.] The parties are not
required by this proposed amendment to manu-
facture fifty gallons a day,'or even one gallon; but
the assessor shall not issue them a license unless
they have an establishment or apparatus by which
they could make fifty gallons a day, though they
need not manufacture that amount unless they
choose.
Mr. GANSON. What is the object?
Mr. ELDR1IXJE. Isittheobjectofthisamend-
ment to require thata party desiring to distill spir-
its shall have an apparatus that is unsuitable to
the quantity he is able to distill?
Mr. INGERSOLL. No, sir; that is not the
object. I imagine that there is no one who de-
sires to manufacture whisky or high wines in any
of these forms who docs not, if he intends to
carry on a legitimate business, require an appa-
ratus by which he could manufacture fifty gallons
a day. My object is to protect the legitimate
manufacture against a contraband article; and to
that end I propose that a man who desires to
manufacture su small a quantity as fifty gallons
a day shall have an apparatus which shall neces-
sarily be patentto the inspector; so large that the
inspector cannot fail to know that he carries on
the business. If this amendment is notadopted,
any person may take out a license allowing hint
to manufacture, without limiting the capacity of
the establishment by which the business is to be
carried on, and he may hide his apparatus in a
cellar oragairet, and there secietly manufacture
a half barrel or a barrel a day. He can do it so
secretly that his place of manufacture is not known
and cannot be known by the inspector or the as-
sessor; and although such party may pay the
small license of fifty dollars to the Government,
he will pay no duty on the article manufactured.
Now, the object of the amendment is to require
that parties shall have an apparatus that shall be
capable of manufacturing fifty gallons a day at
least, so that it may be open and notorious to the
officers of die Government. In short, it i« to pro-
tect the legitimate manufacture against contra-
band competition. * „..
Mr. MORH.ILL. I have listened attentively
to the gentleman from Illinois, being desirous to
ascertain whether his proposition would really be'
of any benefit to the Government, and I certaimjr
have not been able to see'that it wouldgive any
additional security, but think it would rather
withdraw that security which we already have.
How it is the gentleman proposes to collect any
more tax from a party engaged in this illicit man-
ufacture, by withholding from him a jicense, I
cannot see. The very fact that he' has a license
enables the officers of the Government to know
that he is carrying on that kind of business, and
that he must be watched. I think the gentleman's
amendment rather tends to withdraw the security
we have now.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amfefid the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois by inserting
"sixty" in the place of "fifty." I move the
amendment merely that I may make a remark.
If I understand the amendment of the gentleman
it is to confine the issuing of licenses to parties
who manufacture atleast fifty gallons a day. They
must show to the inspector .that their apparatus
is capable of doing that amount of work. The
gentleman argues that if you confine the issuing
of licenses to distilleries of that capacity, they
will have to be so large that they cannot be hid
in garrets and cellars, but will be open to the view
of the inspectors. If you adopt the amendment
of the gentleman seewhata strait you reduce men
to. If a man wants to manufacture less than fifty
gallons a day, he will get out a license, if he is per-
mitted to do so and he is an honest man. Why
not let him do it? The gentleman says that if the
party happens to be a rogue he would cojiceal his
apparatus, and therefore no man should have the
privilege allowed him of manufacturing a smaller
amount than fifty gallons daily. Why, you tempt
honest men to become dishonest. If you do not
allow men to have a license, you tempt them to,
get machinery and manufacture secretly. You
bring this temptation to bear upon that class of
men in the country who, perhaps more than any-
body else, need theprofits of distilling this article;
men who have not the capital to engage in the
business largely, even to the extent of fifty gal-
lons a day. And let me tell the gentleman that
the apparatus that would be suitable to produce
fifty gallons a day would not be required, per-
haps, to produce the eight, ten, or twenty gallons
that one of these manufacturers might desire to
produce in aday. It seems to me that the whole
effect of the gentleman's proposition is to encour-
age and promote frauds, to promote the non-pay-
mcnt of revenue to the Government of the United
States, to promote dishonesty; and for that reason
I hope it will not prevail. I now withdraw the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 renew the amendment to
the amend/nent in order that I may say that this
appears to be an attempt to legislate in favor of
the capitalists and heavy distillers as against the
men of small means and capital engaged in this
business. I suppose the idea comes from the
British system of restrictions upon little distil-
leries hid away among the hills to escape the ex-;
cise duty, and as far as that is its object, there
seems to bo reason in the amendment; but that
reason is, I think, overborne by the objection that
in this country, where every man, great or^mall,
is smuggling to get on in the world, we put the
restriction on men of small means for the benefit
of large distillois, like the distillers of Peoria
county, Illinois, or of Montgomery county, Ohio,
in which 1 live; for I believe that the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Incersou-J and myself have
the distinction, good or bad as it may be, of rcp-
resenting.about as much of this business as any
gentleman on this floor.
A Mushier. And of using the piouu«t, too.
[Laughter.]
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not speak of that; but
since the gentleman speaks of using the article,
it reminds me of another argument; this is a dis-
crimination against good whisky, for the best of
whisky is made in these copper stills by distillers
of small means up in the mountains of Pennsyl-
vania and elsewhere, and it is proposed to legis-
late against them and throw the whole business
into the hands of those who in Hie gentleman's
district and mine make this liquid upon a large
