1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAil GLOBE,
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Triumph of Liberty—Mr. Arnold,
Ho. OF RlS>S;
notcontent with the acquisition of Louisiana and
Florida, annexed Texas and brought on the war
with Mexico; but while ever ready to buy or an-
nex slave territory, the votes of the slave States
were nearly solid agaffist the acquisition of terri-
tory with the Wilmot proviso, prohibiting sla-
very, attached.
Prom the Missouri question down to 1860, the
antagonism was always felt, not always visible,
and yet itcontrolled the secret movements of par-
ties. The encroachments of the slaveholders and
the subserviency to the slaveholding interest of
the two great Whig and Democratic parties led
gradually to the formation of what was called a
Liberty party.
THE LIBERTY PARTY.
This organization, full of fiery zeal and talent,
placed itself in direct antagonism to the gigantic
power of slavery. When it was first organized
the slave power had control of existing parties,
and to a very great extent of the churches, of the
press, and all the great organizations which mold
public sentiment and action. The slaveholder
held the purse and the sword. Its devotees held
the offices from President down to tide-waiter.
No man was permitted to represent the nation
abroad whose fealty to slavery was doubted.
Every new Territory was filled with the instru-
ments of the slave power, so as to train it up and
introduce it into the Union as an ally of the oli-
garchy. Meanwhile slavery had revolutionized
the Government. The great principles of Magna
Charta and the Declaration of Independence had
ceased to have practical existence in the slave
States. Liberty of speech and freedom of the
press, so far as slavery was concerned, had been
suppressed by violence. Indeed, serious attempts
had been made by mobs to stifle it in the North.
An anti-slavery man, or abolitionist, in the slave
States could obtain no redress for any outrage.
The bowie-knife, the bludgeon, and the halter,
were the instruments of violence and outrage to
stifle and crush all who questioned the rightful-
ness of slavery. The slave power had thus sub-
verted in the slave States the Constitution, and
established a despotism on its ruins. It had ac-
complished substantially a revolution. Failing,
after a long struggle, to suppress the right of
petition and freedom of speech in Congress, it in-
troduced the bludgeon, the appropriate weapon,
of the vulgar,gross, licentious, boasting aristoc-
racy, into the Sen^e of the United Sftates, and
struck down a Senator for words spoken in de-
bate.
The Liberty party, the seeds of which had been
scattered by the writings of the fathers of the
revolutionary period, its growth nurtured by the
blood of martyrs to free speech and a free press,
its early ranks~illustrated by Jay, Channing,
Garrison, Phillips, Leggett, and many others,
which embodied more of talent, genius, and elo-
quence than any party of the same numbers,
rapidly grew in power and influence, so that in
1848 it began to influence presidential elections.
The Whig party having nominated General
Zachary Taylor for President, and the Demo-
cratic party General Lewis Cass, and both par-
ties refusing to take position against the extension
of slavery, the Liberty party, combining with the
earnest anti-slavery men of both prfhies, met at
Buffalo, in 1848, and nominated Martin Van
Buren for President and Charles F. Adams for
Vice President.
THE FREE-SOIL PARTY.
The distinctive principle of this organization
was hostility to the extension of slavery. It de-
clared that Congress had no power to interfere with
slavery in the States, but that Congress had the
constitutional power to prohibitslavery in theTer-
ritories, and ought to exercise it. The leaders of
this organization embodied ardent, enthusiastic
Democrats, and liberty-loving Whigs filled with
zeal against slavery, and they conducted the can-
vass against the two old parties with a degree of
eloquence, ability, and energy scarcely paralleled
in our history. It was the poetry of politics and
the religion of patriotism. John Van Buren
brought into this canvass of 1848 a fiery eloquence,
wit, sarcasm, which gave him a world-wide repu-
tation. John P. Hale, Charles Sumner, Henry
Wilson, Salmon P. Chase,Cassius M.Clay,and
many others scarcely less distinguished, were
among the prominent and ardent leaders in this
contest. Although the ticket carried no electoral
votes, it received a very large popular support in
New England, New York, Ohio, and northern
Illinois. -
The Whigs, in 1852, nominated General Scott
for President. The convention resolved to up-
hold the so-called compromise measures of 1850.
The Democratic convention nominated Franklin
Pierce, of New Hampshire, and W. R. King, of
Alabama. This convention also resolved to ad-
here to the compromise acts" of 1850, and to dis-
countenance any interference by Congress with
slavery. The free Democratic convention met at
Pittsburg and nominated John P. Hale for Presi-
dent and George W. Julian for Vice President.
This convention emphasized its opposition to
slavery by declaring:
".That to the persevering and importunate clamor of the
slave power for more slave States, new slave Territories,
and the nationalization of slavery, our distinct and final
answer is, no more slave States, no slave Territory, no na-
tionalized slavery, and no national legislation for the extra-
dition of slaves.
" That shivery is a sin against God and a crime against
man, which no human enactment nor usage can make right,
and that Christianity, humanity, and patriotism alike de-
mand its abolition.
" That we inscribe on our banner free soil, free speech,
free labor, and freemen, and under it will fight on and fight
ever until victory shall reward our exertion."
This party so organized on the principle of hos-
tility to slavery did not receive as large a vote as
in 1848, but became consolidated, and through the
press, and by lectures and speeches on the stump,
was creating, organizing, and deepening the pub-
lic sentiment against slavery. But the party was
immensely strengthened by two events, to which
the early successofthe Republican or anti-slavery
party is to be attributed. I refer to the repeal of
the Missouri compromise, and the attempt to
force slavery upon the Territory of Kansas by
fraud and violence.
REPEAL OF MISSOURI COMPROMISE.
The struggle in Congress upon the bill to repeal
the Missouri compromise and organize the Ter-
ritories of Kansas and Nebraska north of the line
in which slavery had been prohibited was vig-
orous and deteimined. Its repeal shocked the
moral sense of the free States, and it was regarded
not only as a humiliation of the North, but as
violation of faith. It was openly announced on
the floor of the Senate that the passage of the bill
annihilated all compromise, past or future, and
brought liberty and slavery face to face in agrap-
ple for life. Senators announced the end of the
despotism of slavery, and that freedom should be
established everywhere beyond the limits of the
States. The first struggle came on in Kansas. On
the one side were fraud, violence, the border ruf-
fians of Missouri, under the lead of Atchison,
Stringfellow, and others, against the New Eng-
land Puritan, reenforced by arms made strong by
free labor, Sharp's rifles, John Brown,andHenry
Ward Beecher.
The story of this struggle in Kansas between
fraud, violence, and outrage on one side, and he-
roic firmness, energy, and determination on the
other, has not faded from the memory of the peo-
ple. The plains of Kansas, red with the blood of
her martyrs to liberty, her valleys yet black with
the cinders of her burned and devastated towns,
villages, and cabins, attest alike the devotion of
her people to liberty and the savage barbarity of
the slaveholder. All honor to Kansas! She was
the rock which stemmed the tide of the slave
conspirators. She successfully withstood the
slave power backed by the Federal Government.
But the struggle in Kansas resulted not only in
the triumph of liberty then but in rousing every-
where the people of the North to resist the en-
croachments of slavery.
CONTEST OF 1856.
Animated with the consciousness of a great
cause, ennobled by the advocacy of great princi-
ples and a generous love of liberty, feeling the
sublimity of the contest, flushed with success in
thus far thwarting the triumph of slavery in Kan-
sas, the Republican convention met in June, 1856,
and nominated John C.Fremont for President
and William L. Dayton for Vice President. Its
members were ardent, and hopeful of success.
Its distinctive principle-was hostility to the, ex-
tension of slavery. f ~
The Democratic party nominated James jjcj-.
chanan for President and John C. Breckinridge
for Vice President.
The party calling itself American organized,
with Millard Fillmore as its presidential candi-
date and Andrew J. Donelson for Vice President.
The national convention which nominated this-
ticket laid upon the table a resolution that no man-
should be nominated who was not in favor qf in-
terdicting slavery north of 36° 30' by act of Con-
gress. The election was earnestly contested,and
was very close, Pennsylvania, at the October State:
election, virtually deciding the contest bygiving
the small majority of four hundred for the Dem-
ocratic State ticket. Buchanan received one hun-
dred and seventy-two electoral votes, Fremont1
one hundred and fourteen, and Fillmore the vote
of Maryland. There were during this canvass
many threats uttered by prominent men of the
South, ffiat in case Fremont was elected the
slave States would secede. Little regard was paid
to this; it was generally considered idle gascon-
ade. The struggle between freedom and slavery
still continued. The slaveholders, flushed witifr
triumph in the election of Buchanan, were confi-
dent of success. The Supreme Court, a few dafys
after Buchanan's inauguration, announced their,
decision in the Dred S?ott case, holding that the
Missouri compromise was unconstitutional; that
"tJSe Constitution itself carried slavery into all the
Territories, and that the negro Dred Scott, al-
though voluntarily carried into the Territory over
which and while the prohibition of slavery was cm
the statute-book, was nevertheless aslave.
The friends of freedom, so far from being dis«,
couraged by this decision, only nerved themselves,
for still greater efforts. The contest of 1856 bein'g!
over, they did not ground their arms, but imme-
diately began the canvass for 1860.
In November, 1857, theLecompton constitution
was adopted in Kansas by a convention elected,
by the most outrageous frauds and shameless
violence. t
HONEST OLD ABE. i
In June, 1858, there came prominently before
the country an actor, who, hitherto compara-
tively obscure, was soon to become the most prom-
inent figure in American history. Abraham Lin-
coln was a plain, rough, sturdy pioneer of the
West. Self-mode and self-educated, a giant in
frame, ungraceful and awkward in person, but
kind and genial in disposition; a profound
thinker, taking nothing on the opinions"of other&y
but reasoning out his own convictions and con-
clusions; of great sagacity, of unblemished pri-
vate character, of a truthfulness, and honesty
which had long established for him among the
backwoodsmen, dressed in buckskin and Ken-
tucky jeans, the familiar soubriquet of " Honest
Old Abe."
This man, whose sympathies were with the peo-
ple, wholoved liberty and detested slavery, called:
sneeringly by the aristocrats one of the " poor
white trash" of the South, now threw all his en-
ergies into the contest and soon became the leader
ofthe friends of liberty. His language possessed
a plainness, quaintness, and clearness of illustra-
tion, and a rugged, Anglo-Saxon style, wonder-
fully adapted to reach the sense and understand-
ing of the common mind of the country. The
training of this man for the great part he was.
to act in the drama of history was not in the
schools. Perhaps it was better: from childhood
he had been accustomed to struggle with and over-
come difficulties. With the basis of perfecttruth,
candor, integrity, modesty, and sobriety, he ac-
quired self-control, self-reliance, and the ability to
use promptly a clear judgment and sound com-
mon sense.
His acquisitions in general knowledge and in-
formation were rarely surpassed. He studied and
investigatedevery subject thatrequired hisaction.
He was a good lawyer, a good mechanic, a good
farmer, and had a fund of practical information
upon almost every subject. He studied Euclid
and Shakspeare as well as Blackstone while travel-
ing the circuit. He had served a single term in
Congress,but hiseducation, his preparation, was
among the people in humble positions. He had
seen life in various phases. He had been a fiat-
