1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBifc
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Triumph of Liberty—Mr. Arnold.
Ho; OF "REPS.
encroachmemis of the slave power. The Dt*mo-
craiic national convention had met at Charleston,
South Carolina, and after wrangling over plat-
forms most of the delegates from the slave States
withdrew, and finally the conventionadjouraed to
meet at Baltimore, where it met and nominated
Stephen A. Douglas for President. The seceding
delegates nominated John C. Breckinridge. It is
now clear that a considerable portion of the Dem-
ocratic party did not desire the union of that
party, did not wish for the defeat of Mr. Lin-
coln, but preferred, by dividing the Democratic
party, to secure the success of the Republicans,
intending to make that* success the pretext for
secession and disunion.
The great subject in dispute between the three
parties was slavery.
First. The Republican party held that slavery
was wrong, and that Congress rightfully could
and ought to prohibit it in the Territories.
Second. The Breckinridge party held that sla-
very was right, and that neither Congress nor the
people of a Territory could interfere with slavery
outside of State lines; and that, while a Territory
remained such, slavery legally existed there under
the Constitution.
Third. The Douglas party, indifferent in re-
gard to slavery, and while divided on the question
whether Congress might prohibit, insisted that
the whole subject should be left to the people of
the Territories.
The most remarkable feature of this canvass was
the novelty of a personal canvass made by Mr.
Douglas. This was against precedent. He en-
tered upon the canvass with all the vigor and spirit
for which he was distinguished. He spoke in
most of the free and many of the slave States.
Mr. Seward made a tour through the Northwest,
delivering speeches at Chicago, Madison, St.
Paul, and in Kansas, of great power, originality,
and dignity.
By the election of Mr. Lincoln was marked
distinctly the period when political power passed
from the slaveholding to the free States. Each
census, each new apportionment of members of
Congress, had seen the political power of the
Union passing into the hands of the free States.
Against these results the aristocracy of the slave-
holders struggled in vain. The laws of nature
and of God are not more inevitable in their oper-
ation than that in the race for power, freedom and
free labor should outstrip slavery and slave labor.
Conscious of this, unwilling to yield power, and
determined not to give up slavery either to man
or God, the slaveholders had deliberately re-
solved to extend slavery overall the Territories,
to seize and appropriate Cuba, to conquer and
annex Mexico, and thus secure the mnans of
expanding the area of slavery, of controlling the
Government, and ultimately making the States
all slave, or in case of failure to dissolve the
Union. There had longexisted in the slaveStates
a conspiracy to accomplish these purposes. The
prohibition of the slave trade was an obstacle
which they sought to remove, and practically
evaded.
To an intelligent understanding of the events
preceding the rebellion, and those which have
occurred during its progress, the existence of this
wide-spread, thoroughly oiganized conspiracy
must be understood. A secret organization was
well known previous to and at the time of the
annexation ot* Texas, it was then known as the
41 Order of the Lone Star," its ostensible and
one of its real objects was the acquisition of Cuba.
It finally became a conspiracy with the distinct
and definite purpose of overthrowing the Federal
Government in the slave States and establishing
there a slaveholding confederacy. The election
of Mr. Lincoln was a triumph, in a direct contest
at the polls, between the slave aristocracy and free
labor; a triumph of those who regarded slavery
as a great moral wrong and a social and political
i vj| • who meant to prohibit it in the Territories
uiid to use all legal means to limit, restrain, and
weaken its power. It was essentially a contest
between democracy and aristocracy, between free
and slave society. In the lightof to-day it is clear
that the slave power deliberately brought on the
war to save itself from destruction by the rapid
and irresistible growth of the free States. Nearly
nineteen centuries ago, upon the plains of Jude« 
the great principle up&n which all democratic
government is based, the common Father and ihe
universal brothet hood of man, was taught by the
Son of God. These great Christian principles,
the germ of human liberty, after struggling against
all forms of political and religious tyranny through
so many centuries, were finally and distinctly an-
nounced by our fathers when, on the 4th day of
July, 1776, they proclaimed them in the Declara-
tion/of American Independence. Thomas Jeffer-
son, the Democrat of Virginia, in penning that
Declaration, struck the key-note of Christian free-
dom. He enunciated principles antagonistic to
human slavery and brought on that irrepressible
conflict with slavery which led -to the triumph of
liberty at the ballot-box in 1860. The slavery
power instinctively felt that the death of slavery
was only a question of time. Rather than sur-
render, the slave aristocracy determined to appeal
to the sword, and hence this terrible war. Slavery
having plunged the nation into war, it is fit it
should die by the laws of war. Slavery is the
rebel and the traitor, and the Government could
do no less than make it an outlaw under our Con-
stitution.
The free States, however, contemplated no in-
fringement of the rights of the slave States.
The Chicago convention of 1860, white it de-
clared its intention to prohibit slavery in the Ter-
ritories, distinctly disclaimed any intention to in-
terfere with it in the States. The existence of a
conspiracy to dissolve the Union, and the par-
ticipation in that conspiracy of some of those who
secured Breckinridge\s nomination,is established
by the conduct of the leaders of those who nom-
inated Breckinridge. By the nomination of two
candidates the success of Mr. Lincoln was ren-
dered morally certain, yet the leaders of the Bieclv-
inndge Democracy not only split the Democratie
party, knowing the result would be Lincoln's
i election, but to render that result certain run elec-
toral tickets in the free States, where the great
mass of the party supported Douglas, and the op-
position to him was only scattering. Thus the
Breckmndgeleadersdeliberately secured Lincoln's
election. Who were these leaders? They were
Jefferson Davis, John Slidell, James M. Mason* and
Oiliers. Their pVimary object was disunion. A
meeting was held 25th of October, J860,at Charles-
ton, JSouth Carolina, at the residence of Senator
Hammond, at which the congressional delegation
of that State, and Governor Gist and ex-Speaker
Orr were present, in which it was resolved that
South Cqrolina should secede in the event of Mr.
Lincoln'selection. Similar meetings were held by
concert in Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, and
other slave States, in November South Caro-
lina authorized the immediate enrollment of ten
thousand volunteeis. In the same mouth Georgia
appropriated $1,000,000 to arm and equip that
State. Conventions were called in South Caro-
lina,Georgia, Virginia, iVJississippi.and Alabama.
Little Florida sent a meshage by her Governor to
GovernorGistofSouih Carolina saying " Florida
is with the gallant palmetto flag." The Douglas
and Breckinridge vole combined would have
elected Douglas. The Douglas and Bell vote com-
bined would have elected him John C. Calhoun,
who sowed the seed and nurtured the plant of
secession, said to Commodore Charles Stewart,
in 1812:
" It i>through our affiliation with the [Democratic] party
in the middle and western States thatwe hold power. Hut
when we cease thus to control this nation through a dis-
jointed Demociacy, or any material ob.-tac-lo ui that party
which shall tend to throw u-n out of that rule and control,
we shall then resort to the dissolution of the Union."
On the 7th of November, 1860, it was known
throughout the Union that Lincoln was elected.
He could not be inaugurated until the 4th of
March following. For four months the conspir-
ators had control of the Governmnt. James Bu-
chanan, a weak, imbecile, if not treachet ous old
man, was President, and he was under the con-
trol of traitors in his Cabinet. Mr. Memminger,
of South Carolina, said /hat, Mr. Buchanan be-
in"- President, the General Government would be
taken at a great disadvantage. They had pre-
pared things so that Lincoln would, lor a while; be
powerless. A majority of his Cabinet were a
cabal of conspirators seeking to disarm and dis-
mantle the ship of State that thejr might surren-
der it an easy conquest to the traitors preparing
to seize it. Howell Cobb, of Georgia, was Sec-
retary oftheTieasury. He so managed as to hftvo?
$6,000,000 stolen from the Treasury, which he
left empty. JacobThompson, of Mississippi, Sec*"
retary of the Interior, as a member of the Cabinet,
learning that supplies were to be sent to the gar-
rison in Fort Sumter, traitorously-gent a dis-
patch to Charleston that the ship bearing the flag
of his country might be fired upon, and the gar-
rison of the Government of which he was a chief
officer might be starved. He says:
" l sent a dispatch to Judge Longstreet that the Star of
the West was coming with reeiit'orcenrfents, The State
troops were then put on their guard, and when the Star of
the West arrived she received a warm welcome from
booming cannon, and soon heat a retreat."
John B. Floyd, of Virginia, was Secretary of
War. It was important for the purposes of the
conspiracy that ihe slave States should be armed
and the fiee States should be disarmed, and that
the little force of the regular Army should be sent
to such a distance as not to be in reach of the
Government. Hence Floyd,as Secretary of War,
ordered four hundred and fifteen thousand mus-
kets from Springfield manufactory and from Wa-
tervliet, New York, to be sent to arsenals in the
slaveStates. A vastamount of cannon, mortars,
&c., and nearly all the material of war weie sent to
the South. Hdvingeffectually served the rebelsin
tins lie fled to the South and received-a commis-
sion of general in the rebel army. Isaac Tou-
cey, of Connecticut, a more infamous traitor than
even Floyd, as he was a traitor to both his section
and his country,did the same tiling for the Navy.
(See report of the Secretary of the Navy, July 4,
1864.)
Thus the Army and Navy and Treasury were
despoiled by traitors for the benefit of treason.
But for the vigilant eye of one noble old hero,
General Scott, their purposes would have been
accomplished, and the inauguration of Lincoln
have been pievented, and the capital and its ar-
chives have been surrendered.
FEACE CONVENTION.
To avert threatening war the peace convention
was held, a convention of delegates from nearly
all the free States, to see on what terms the dis-
affected and traitors could be induced to forego
their purpose. There were tnany 111 the North'
who thought that the secession movement was a
strike for additional guarantees for slavery, it
had become the settled habit of the slaveholders
to threaten to divide the Union whenever they
wished 10 carry a point. They had demanded
Louisiana,and it was purchased for tliem; Flor-
ida, and it was obtained; Texas, and it was an-
nexed; the repeal of the Missouri compromise,
and it was done; a new and sti mgi lit fugitive
slave law, and it was passed, ilany believed
lhat by adding new guarantees and concessions
tlie slaveholders could be placated. Liberal con-
cessionsand compromises proposed were defeated
by the votes or refusal 10 vole of the traitors
themselves who yet lingered in Congress, and
who subsequently joined the n bels.
Whilemovememsoitheconspiiutors were going
on in the cotton Suites prepaiatoi y to revolution,
the conspirators at Washington held their secret
meetings, and leading Senators and members of
Congress, acting in concert with the traitors 111 the
Cabinet, so managed as to thwart all the move-
ments of General Scott, and to paralyze the action
of any officer of the Government looking to its
preservation. There was a meeting held at the
Capitol on the night of Januarys, 1861,at which
Senators Toombs and 1 verson, Slidi II and Ben-
jamin, Wigfall, Jefferson Davis, and Mallory
were piesent. They resolved in secret conclave
to precipitate secession and disunion as s -on as
possible, at the same time that Senators and mem-
bers of Congress should remain in tj;ieir seats,
as long as possible to watch the action of the Ex-
ecutive and to defeat any hostile measures which
might be proposed. I11 accoidance with the de-
termination of this band of conspirators Missis-
sippi adopted the ordinance of secession January
9, Alabama and Florida January 11, Louisiana
January 28, and Texas Febiuary 5. The seced-
ing Stales appointed delegates to meet in conven-
tion at Montgomery. This convention met on
February 4, and organized a provisional govern-
ment, under which Jefferson Davis was elected
