1865,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
763
a large class of persons who, as magistrates, jus-
tices of the peace, and notaries public^ draw deeds
for others without charge and without talcing out
a license, but who, after drawing them, take their
acknowledgments by virtue of their respective
offices, and receive the fees allowed by law for
such services. Such I know to be the practice in
some parts of the West, and yet they are not held
to be conveyancers under the act. I therefore
call the attention of the committee to the subject,
that they may make the law effectual for the ac-
complishment of the end in view, namely, the
obtaining of revenue from the class of men who
do this kind of business for others. I wjll say
that this amendment would allow a man to draw
deeds for himself of his own property.
Mr. FRANK. I would have no objection to
the amendment of the gentleman from Michigan
if it. applied to those who draw deeds for a com-
pensation. But if I understand the amendment,
it would compel a man who draws simply one
deed for another without compensation, to take out
a license and pay ten dollars for the same. There
are little towns all over the country where there
are no lawyers to draw deeds and conveyances
at all. If this amendment could be modified so
as to include only those who draw deeds for a
compensation, 1 would not object to it. 1 move
to amend by inserting the words " for a compen-
sation. "
Mr. UPSON. The amendment offered by the
' gentleman from New York does away with the
whole object of the original amendment. Those
individuals who do the business of conveyancing
claim that they do not charge for drawing the in-
strument, but only for taking the acknowledg-
ment, and that therefore they do not come with-
in the provision of the law which requires them
to take out a license. They draw the papers
simply as a preliminary to taking the acknowledg-
ment for which they charge the legal fee. They
claim that they do not come within the purview
of the act. It is to meet that particular class of
cases that I drew up this amendment, and also
to meet the decision of the assessors in different
parts of the country, that where men do this work
without pay they are not required to take out a
license.
The amendment to the amendment was not
agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I propose
to oppose the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted upon
■ that.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Then I
move to amend it by striking out the last line, in
order to allow me to make the remarks 1 desire.
I believe the law is well enough as it is. The
proposition of the gentleman from Michigan is
to require evpry man who writes a deed for an-
other to take out a license, or to make.cvery man
who writes a deed for another a notary public,
and then require the notary to take out a license,
which is the same thing in another form. Now,
if 1 sell a piece of la nd to another and write a deed
for it, I wiitc a deed for another, though the ob-
ject is to convey my own title. So, if I should
be iti extremist and should write my last will and
testament, I make it for the benefit of others; and
then I might have the assessor after me for ten
dollais just as I was taking my exit from the
world. [Laughter.] So it seems to me that the
distinction implied m the words " those who shall
do it for others," amounts to nothing, itcertainly
would bo a. very strict construction of the law to
gay that no man should write the will of another
unless he took out a license as a notary public.
Jt is not always convenient to get a notary to
write a man's will.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, in relation to
this matter there may be some difficulty like that
complained of by the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Upson,] but the Committee of Ways and
Means have heard moie complaint in another
duecucn, and that is, that in towns where there
are no lawyers, and no one licensed under the act
to draw these papers, the town clerk, who does a
small amount of business, is frequently called upon
to do this work, and he is rtquired to take out a
license, when perhaps lie draws but one or two
deeds in the corirse of a year. Under the circum-
stances I think the law as it is is as well as it can
be made, and therefore I hope it will not be
amended at all.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. We have
no town clerks with us. if we have a town clerk
heisonly apound-keeper. Supposeaman should
be injured on the road and is likely to-die, are we
to have no one to draw his will? Sir, the old
definition of a notary is a man who follows the
business of writing these things, and he ought to
pay a license; but the man who writes here and
there a single deed or will ought not to be required
to pay a license. Let the old definition of a notary
public stand.
Mr. FRANK. I am perfectly willing that the
law shall remain as it is without amendment, and
I moved the amendment to the amendment for
that purpose.
Mr. Upson's amendment was rejected.
Mr. F1NCK. I move to add to the clause the
following proviso:
Provided, That the provisions of this section shall not
apply to persona who mine coal solely for their own con-
sumption.
Mr. Chairman, I do not suppose that it was
the purpose of the Committee of Ways and
Means to tax the class of persons that I propose
to exempt. There are persons who own coal
lands, situate at some distance from market, who
mine coal exclusively for their own use, and it
would be unjust to tax them. I trust, therefore,
that my amendmeut will be agreed to.
Mr. BOUT WELL. Thegentleman from Ohio
will see that his amendment is objectionable in
this respect, that it would exempt from license
tax persons whose business it is to mine coal
which they themselves consume in some branch
of manufacturing which they carry on. A per-
son who mines coal merely for ordinary domes-
tic uses will be exempt under the article as pro-
posed by the Committee of Ways and Means,
upon principles which have been recognized in
the Office of Internal Revenue from the beginning,
such as this: peddlers are subject to a license tax;
but a farmer who peddles his own produce has
from the beginning been exempted, un the ground
that it is not his business to peddle, but that that
is an incident to his business of farming. So the
mining of coal for domestic use is not under the
law a business, but an incident to the domestic
necessities of the household. But a person who
mines coal for the purpose of manufacturing iron,
for example, or manufacturing salt, should be sub-
ject to a license duty as a producer under this sec-
tion, and therefore the law is well enough, m my
judgment, in the language proposed by the com-
mittee.
Mr. FINCK. I will modify my amendment
by inserting before the word " consumption" the
word " domestic."
Mr. BOUTWELL. The amendment is un-
necessary. It is exempt already.
Mr. Fincje's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to strike out the
word " ten," in line two hundred and forty-three,
and to insert " twenty" in lieu thereof; so that
the clause will read:
. 50. A license of twenty dollars phall be required of every
peiMni. tiim, or company, cnir.iged in the e.uiytng oi de-
livery of money, valuable paper-*, or any attic le.s I'm* pay,
or dome an e.xpie-s busmen, who^e gto&s receipts (here-
from exceed Uic sum of $'t5U0 pei annum.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope that amendment will
not prevail. We tax express men, as we do
manufactuieis and vaiious others, on their gross
receipts in addition to this ten dollars for a license.
Ten dollars is sufficient. Many of these expresses
are small concerns running, perhajfs, only from
a depot to an adjoining town, and their receipts
are, perhaps, not more than a few hundred dol-
lars.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Those whose receipts do
not come up to $600 are not included m the sec-
tion; only those whose receiptsexcced ^600have
to pay a license. There are few express compa-
nies in the country districts whose receipts exceed
$600, but the receipts of the large companies come
up to ^1*00,000,and peihaps some ofthem $500,000.
it seems to me that twenty dollars is a small sum
to pay for a license, and we need the money. As
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means says we have lost §3,000,000 by refusing
to increase the tax on beer, let us make it up by
something; else.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I am op-
posed to the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania because the amount he proposes is
too small. Ten or twenty dollars to an express
company seems to me to be a mare trifle. I think
the Committee of Ways and Means have notlevied
this tax properly; it ought to be upon each office
of an express company. Take, for instance, the
Adams Express Company; they have offices in '
Washington, Baltimore, Philadelphia,NewYork,
and throughout the whole United States, doing
a business o£ more than a million dollars,, mak-
ing great wealth and charging enormous prices.
They charged me five cents a pound for carrying
my trunk from this city to "my home, almost the
fare of a passenger. They charged me nearly as
much for taking my trunk as I had to pay for
myself, although I weigh almost twice as much
as the trunk. [Laughter.] *lt seems to me that
these express companies ought to be taxed for
every office they keep.
The CHAIRMAN. Does thegentleman from
Pennsylvania propose an amendment to the
amendment?
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. No, sir.
I do not see how I could do it very well.
The CHAIRMAN. Then the gentleman's
remarks ore out of order.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. I make
the suggestion. I do not suppose the amend-
ment would carry if I did propose it.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to anpend theamend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Inge &-
soll] by striking out twenty dollarsand inserting
fifteen dollars. I merely desire to say that the
licenses provided for in the act are not mainly for
the purpose of revenue. We tax these express
companies now three per cent, on their gross re-
ceipts. That is intended to be the real tax on
their business. But, having been accidentally
omitted in the last tax bill, they are put m here.
I withdraw the amendment to' the amendment.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. It is very
little consolation to me, when an express com-
pany robs me of eight or ten dollars, to know that
the Government has got two cents of it.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman from
Vermont answer me one question? Where ten
dollars license is paid by an express company,
does that permit it to have an office in every city
of the United States without the payment of any
additional license?
Mr. MORRILL. I do not know how that may
be constiued. I suppose the gentleman fiom
Massachusetts [Mr. Boutwell] can inform us.
The question was taken on Mr. Ingersoll's
motion, and it was rejected.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I propose to amend the
fiftieth paiagraph by adding the words, "and
where the gross receipts exceed $5,000 shall pay
$100 for a license;" so that it will lead:
o0. A liccnse often dollar? shall be required of every per-
son, firm, or company, engaged m the eairjmg or deliveiy
of money, valuable papers, or any aruclcs tor pay, or doing
an express bu-*inrs«, who^e gross receipts there^om cxeeed
the sum of §500; and where the gross receipts exceed
-§5,000 shall pay $100 lor a license.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend the fifty-
first paragiaph by striking out " $100" and insert-
ing "$500;" so that it will read:
51. .Substitute brokers shall pav $.300 for each and every
Jicenpo. Eveiy person who --hall furnish, or offer to fur-
nish, for pay, fee, oi icwaid, volunteers, lepresentative re-
ciuit«, or substitutes for men drafted, or liable to be diaft-
ed. lot the mihtmy ot nav.il hemee of Uie United i3tate&,
shall bo deemed a substitute Inuker under this act.
Mr. TRACY. I move to amend the amendment
by striking out, " $500" and inserting " $2,500,"
and by adding the following proviso:
Piovidcd, That any person having been licensed a« afore-
said, who shall, duectly oi indueeify, demand o! receive
any greater Mini than ten .dollars lor eaoh and every sub-
stitute. by him lurns.-hed, shall be deemed guilty of a h.gii
misdemeanor, ami. upon conviction thereof, sli.tlL lorevriy
suchofiense.be fined not exceeding ^MOU, oi tn-psifoned
at hard labor'not exceeding two y<-.ir.«. or bom. according
to the circumstance-* and aggravation® of the offense.
I have some doubts, Mr. Chairman, as to the
propriety of dignifying this substitute business
by licensing it; yet, as the proposition lias been
presented by the Commit tee of Ways and Means,
it seems to uie that the substitute business should
be regulated. Congress has deemed it wise to
regulate the business of persons engaged in pro-
curing pensions for others. If that is wise, it
seems to rne that there is a greater necessity for
regulating the business of substitute brokers, who
are now allowed to go on and swindle the men
