1865.]
APPENDIX TO: THE CONGRESSIONAL SLOBS.
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Blow.
Ho. of Reps.
RECONSTRUCTION.
SPEECH OF HON. HENEY T. BLOW,
OF MISSOURI,
In the House of Representatives,
February 20, 1865.
The House having under consideration the special order,
being the reconstruction bill—
Mr. BLOW said:
Mr. Speaker: I enter into the discussion of the
bill under consideration with the greatest hesita-
tion. The scenes of the day on which the con-
stitutional amendment abolishing slavery was
adopted are fresh in all our minds; the long strug-
gle, the fears and hopes, and the final triumph,
stand out in bold relief, telling of a result more
glorious, a spectacle more sublime, than ever be-
fore witnessed within these walls. Under these
circumstances it will be difficult for me to fasten
the attention of the House even on a kindred sub-
ject, and yet it would seem that a bill so intimately
connected with the future of our people should
comrpand Its highest respect.
1 greatl y fear, sir, that the condition of that por-
tion of the country which I have endeavored in
another way to present to the members of this
House is hardly understood, certainly not ap-
preciated. Conceal it as we may,*the extreme
"West feel neglected and dispirited. It is so es-
pecially in my own State,and if you will pardon
me, I will refer to a condition of affairs which is
becoming worse and worse every day. I recol-
lect very distinctly that last spring, when we
made a similar statement, with a more complain-
ing spirit than we now indulge in, we were as-
sured, in many ways, of the sympathy which
wasfelt forus, and the certainty that all we feared
would never come to pass. We had bo be contcnt
with this, and go home with the knowledge that
we had utterly failed in impressing our real con-
dition on our friends, and that perhaps they had
concluded that our accounts were'exaggerated by
selfishness or timidity. Oh ! sir, if the fears and
losses of our five hundred thousand people, half
of our population, loyal as any in this land, could
be recited, what a history it would be !
While the prosperous States of the North have
been absorbed in their contracts, their gold, and
their merchandise, and their manufactures, what
have we not suffered ? And yet I will be told on the
instant that everything that could be was done for
us. I deny it. Never in the history of conflicts
was there such a misunderstanding of the real
condition. Our troubles commenced in Louisi-
ana on Red river, followed us to Little Rock, and
at the very time when every effort should have
been made to save the loyal masses in Missouri,
whose heroism has never been equaled except in
the mountains of East Tennessee; I say at that
very moment the ragged hosts of Sterling Price
marched unimpeded through Arkansas, and en-
tering southeast Missouri, came within seventy
miles of St. Louis without meeting a Union force,
and when finally the conflict came it was eight
thousand veteran rebel troops against a single
regiment of men who had not been thirty days
under arms.
I will not dw.ell on the gallant defense of the
fort at Pilot Knob; there is no brighter page in
the history of this war; and to the daring and
bravery of General Ewing and Colonel Fletcher
(the latter now Governor of Missouri,) we can
attribute the safety of St. Louis. In fact, if after
the evacuation of the fort the rebels had marched
boldly on they could have sacked and destroyed
the city of St. Louis. Heaven ordained that we
should be spared, but only that the victorious
raiders should continue their march, leaving death
_ and destruction in their pathway. The best in-
formation we have is that, notwithstanding his
disasters in west Missouri,Sterling Price left the
State with thousands of recruits and two thousand
wagons filled with plunder. We have never esti-
mated our losses at less than thirteen million dol-
lars, and there is scarcely a Union family in the
counties through which this reckless band of rob-
beis marched thatdidnotsuffer,eitherfrom death
or from outrages of the most shocking character,
Tiiere were forty cou nties in our State seriously
affected by this invasion, and in most of them
their crowning losses of life anil property have
almost deprived their long-suffering Union inhab-
itants of the little hope which still remained; yet
our terrible condition and unheard-of losses were
scarcely half told, and were known throughout
the land only to be forgotten in a new excitement.
But I did not intend to discuss the errors of the
past, nor am 1 complaining particularly of my
Government. Our condition was misunderstood,
and although the county of St. Louis, in which
1 live, had givei) $400,000 in bounties for the de-
fense of the State, we did not hesitate to advance
our credit for $700,000 more to the Pacific rail-
road, to repair the damage inflicted by General
Price upon that great central means of protection
and communication.
To-day, while we are praying for the admis-
sion of Arkansas, the ten regiments we raised
for the defense of Missouri are in Tennessee; our
militia are soon to be disbanded, and our gallant
Governor is full of apprehension in regard to our
safety. We are assured that General Price is on
Red river with thirty thousand choice troops,
preparing for a spring raid, and nearly half of the
people of our State, unprotected and uncertain as
to our future, are hesitating whether to remain at
their homes or abandon them forever.
Mr. Speaker, 1 would like to inquire if any
gentleman now on this floor would be content
to remain quietly in his seat if he knew, as I
know, that four years of civil war, during which
time Missouri has suffered more than any three
loyal States in this Union, (exceptingonly Ken-
tucky,) were to be followed by another year of
bloodshed and disaster—remain quietly, 1 say,
while his constituents were unprotected and th '.r
property at the mercy of raiders and bushwhack-
ers. The only remedy for us is the readmission
of the State adjoining us, and a military organ-
ization from Louisiana to Iowa that will secure
their peaceable possession and that of the Terri-
tories west not less disturbed by the enemy, so
that the population remaining may sow and reap,
and feel that our Government is equal to their
protection.
But I am aware that it takes men and money to
accomplish this, and thus save the lives and prop-
erty of our people. I am also aware that the
ingenuity of the Secretary of the treasury is
taxed to the utmost to pay the more pressing de-
mands upon his Department. I am fearful, too,
that our interest payable in gold, and our rapidly
increasing debt, will soon bring us to a most try-
ing condition; but still if we are ever to reestab-
lish this Union we must not spare either men or
mo«iey while either are at our command. This
very moment is one of the most intense interest
to the nation, and wo to us if we lose a vast terri-
tory which can be saved by prompt and vigorous
action. Bring them back, restore law and order,
and infuse into all classes a confidence in their
future safety, and the public debt will cease to in-
crease so rapidly, and the national credit will ad-
vance at home and abroad. All kinds of propos-
als are being urged in order to obtain the nation's
credit. While these States are kept out in the cold,
where do gentlemen expect to get the $13,000,000
for the canal billsjust passed, where the millions
for other propositions just as meritorious, and
where the hundreds of millions for those portions
of the country upon which the treasure of the
nation has already been lavished in order that
they may be protected from foreign foes? Wash-
ing these valley States are the finest and largest
navigable rivers of America, upon which the
commerce and agricultural productions of the na-
tion can be transported to the Gulf, so as to reach
the markets of the world. Obstructed as they now
are, the productions of the great West are forced
into narrow and1 unnatural channels. Admit these
States, open these great highways to our immense
fleet of steam vessels, and the millions saved on
pupcT by the talented advocate of the Niagara ship-
canal [Mr. Littlejohn] will become a reality
in the West; for on the instant the exactions of
the rich corporations which now control the en-
tire carrying trade of the country will cease, for
the Mississippi river has always been and ever
will be the natural outlet for all the Slates watered
byBut to return. I do not, Mr. Speaker, wish to
be misunderstood. Our sufferings and misfor-
tunes have not atul will not weaken our faith in
the national honor, nor lesson our national pride.
All that Missouri has of material wealth will be
poured out as freely as the blood of her sons to.
preserye and perpetuate the union and freedom
of the States.
1 pray to be excused for dwelling so long upon
our own affairs, and will pass on, remarking that,
so far as I am concerned, any provision which
will admit the States of Louisiana and Arkansas
in time to save them in the future from the suffer-
ings of the past, and strengthen the loyal masses^
now begging for admission into the Union, will
receive my vote.
I know Louisiana well; her rivers, bayous,
plantations, productions, and people are all fa-
miliar to me; and her great commercial city, which
once rivaled the proudest in the land, has always
had most intimate relations with those of the
great valley, and especially with St. Louis. One «
fatal error wrenched this rich State from the Union .
which had been so faithful to all her interests.
She has suffered for this, and I believe even those
who were most to blame feel to-day that there is
no future for them except in their old place.
But there is now another change. Suddenly,
by her own act, she has been converted from a
slave into a free State. This has been done by
her loyal white population. But certain enlight-
ened colored men, who, braving every danger,
have stood up manfully for the Union, we think
have fairly won the right to participate in the fur-
ther reorganization of the State; these two classes
by the bill really reconstruct the States, while
every man, be he white or black, is equally free,
and is equally protected in all his civil rights be-
fore the law. But here we stop,and I think wise-
ly; the right of suffrage is a maLter of the States,
to be regulated by time and circumstances, and.
to be held as sacred in the future as it has been
regarded with jealousy in the past; 'and I do not
hesitate to declare, sir, that it would be unjust
for Congress to concede the right, directly or in-
directly, to a class just emerging from the igno-
rance of southern slavery; unjust to our native
and naturalized citizens, and calculated to arrest
the tide of emigration from all portions of the
world ready to purchase our lands and push the
car of progress ahead the moment that peace
again blesses the broad acres that stretch from
ocean to ocean, and from the Gulf to the frozen
regions of the north.
But, sir, it is said, and sustained with a great
deal of force by our theoretical abolitionists, that
freedom to the slave and suffrage to the freed
should go together, and be guarantied by Con-
gress, especially in the rebellious States. My
views in regard to this assertion are based upon
the history of our past and the hopes of our
future unity. With all the proud recollections
of our revolutionary fathers, and the prosperity
and happiness of bygone days, we are still en-
gaged in the most desolating and trying civil war
the woild has ever witnessed. I contend that if
we are ever to recover properly from it we must
be just when we triumph, and prove by our mag-
nanimity and consideration that we are not en-
deavoiing to punish and humiliate our white
brothers by elevating to an equality with them,
and in their midst, too, the unfortunate race that
we have so constantly argued were debased and
degraded by the cruel bondage of their now con-
quered and repentant masters. Perhaps in this
connection it will be asked, Then what is to be-
come of the colored race? I reply that our Heav-
enly Father, who has brought us to the condition
we are in to-day, His last act of mercy paving
the way for the triumph of constitutional free-
dom and sustaining us in all the efforts we have
made for humanity, will not desert us or them.
My own opinion from the first has been
strengthened by the lessons of history and by the
course of events in the past three years. We
see that these southern negroes cling to the warm
climate where they drew their first breath, and
are happiest in the midst of the cultivation to
which they are accustomed. In Missouri, where
they have been always well treated, they lose
their natural buoyancy. The climate is too cold
for them. They gradually decline, turn to a
sickly hue, and become a prey to consumption,
while every person of observation will testify
to the elastic character of the negro, who basks
