766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
but to build them. There are no ocean steamers
of three thousand tons burden in the country, ex-
cept those of the Pacific Mail Steamship Com-
pany, that run from Panama up to California.
Mr. HALE. 1 hate to oppose this measure,
particularly as it comes from California 
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator allow me,
in a single word, to give him some information
on the point he is now discussing?
Mr. HALE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. The object in seeking to
pass this bill now is that capitalists may engage
in the enterprise, and lay the keels of ships of a
certain magnitude and tonnage, vessels that will
carry at least from fifteen hundred to two thou-
sand tons of freight as merchandise, and at the
same time be able to carry sufficient fuel to last
during the entire voyage. There are no vessels
afloat at the present time able to do that. Even
the great ships that are owned and run betv/een
Panama and San Francisco, a distance of thirty-
two hundred and fifty miles or more, by the Pa-
cific Mail Steamship Company, could not per-
form the service. The purpose of putting the
tonnage at the rate inserted in this bill is to ex-
clude from the service.all inferior vessels now
used as transport ships and chartered vessels by
the Government, and to secure, in all respects, a
first-class line of steamships. If this encourage-
ment is offered, capitalists stand ready to engnge
in building the finest ships that were ever yet put
afloat by our country, to enter upon this service.
It is not expected that they will be able to enter
upon the execution of the contract the Postmas-
ter General is tiuthoiized by this bill to advertise
for before the time stated, the 1st of January,
3SG7.
I make this explanation and suggestion to the
Senator that he may understand the magnitude
of the enterprise, and what is earnestly desired and
contemplated by the merchants who are prepared
to enter upon this service. I can add nothing to
what the chairman of the Committee on Post Of-
fices and Post Road'has briefly stated, and what
he is further authorized and prepared to state from
the data in his possession, without consuming
unnecessarily the time of the Senate, but to say
that, it is of tho first consequence to our country,
to its commerce, to its nationality if you please,
tu its dignity, to its power, and to its best interests,
that we at once enable our people to grasp this
great commerce and to connect it with the con-
templated and now building Pacific railroad.
The schedule of time now required between Lon-
don and China is some sixty-two days. It is
proposed to make the time by this route, not only
between our country and China, but between
China and London, by this route over our coun-
try, at the outside fifty days, and thus give us
an advantage that they never can reach, nor be
able to cope with us.
I hope the Senator will see in this, not simply
a demand upon the Treusury, for it is very mod-
erate in that respect, but a proposition having a
scope as wide as our country, and contemplating
an mteiest as deep .as any connected with it at
the piesent time.
Mr. HALE, i am sorry to feel obliged to say
a single word against tins measure, and particu-
larly as it comes from California.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair is
obliged to interrupt the Senator from New Hamp-
shire to call up the special order of the day at
this hour, being Che report of the committee of
conference on the bill (H. R. No. 51) to establish
a Bureau of Freed men's Affairs.
Mr. CONNESS. i ask the Senator, from Mas-
sachusetts to agree to let that lie over for a few
moments. I suppose we shall soon be able to
get a vote on this bill.
Mr HALE. I will not speak three minutes.
Mr. SUMNER. I will let itlie over informally
for a short time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. * That course
will be taken, if there be no objection.
Mr. HALE. I was about tj* say that I was
sorry that 1 feel compelled to vote against this
measure, particularly asitcomesfiom California,
as it has been intimated that I do not vote liberal ap-
propriations for that portion of the country. Sir,
i do net know any part of this country for which
T would vote appropriations sooner than I would
for any other portion, and certainly no portion of
thecountry could appeal to my feelings with more
power than California; but I have the same objec-
tion to this bill that compelled me to voteagamst
the 44 little nothing" of $100,000 for the Library,
which was'opposed by me on Saturday. The
objection applies with equal force to this other
" little nothing5* of $500,000. If we go on and
make these appropriations of $160,000and $500,-
000, and God only knows what, the question will
then be, not have we any commerce, but have
we a country? I think the first we should con-
sider is the war and the debts of the war, and we
should not go launching out in any of these
schemes. T think favorably of this scheme. I
appreciate \vith great force the suggestions made
by the Senator from California; and when the
war is over I should be willing to engage in this
thing, and I should be willing to pass the bill with
an amendment that the contract should not be
entered upon as long as there was anything due
to our soldiers. I will not occupy time, butsim-
ply ask for the yeas and nays on the passage of
the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was struck with the fact,
in the remarks of the Senators who were advo-
cating the passage of this bill, that neither the
chairman of the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads, nor the gentleman from California
who called it up, has said one word in his advo-
cacy of the bill about the object for which it is
brought before the Senate, namely, to' establish
mail steamship service between the United States
and China for the purpose of carrying the mails.
Not a word was said by them about carrying the
mails, it is manifestly a bill to build up a steam-
ship company; and it is placcd upon the giound
which was assumed by the Senator from Ver-
mont, and which had the approbation of the Sen-
ate andof Congress, I believe, at thelastsession,
and I suppose will have the approbation of both
Houses at this session, that because Great Britain
has thought proper to establish ccrtain lines of
ocean steamships therefore the United States must
do it.
Now, sir, if it were a new question I should
like to know by what authority this is proposed
to be done. The Senator from Massachusetts
[Mr. Wilson] the other day submitted a propo-
sition in some shape that tho Government of the
United States should go into the manufacturing
business, and should manufacture the cloth that
was needed for the Army; and now, under the
idea of carrying the mails between this country
and Japan, or some islands in the eastern Archi-
pelago, we are to build vessels of large tonnage.
I suppose it would take large vessels to carry the
mails between the two countries! There are large
seas to be traversed,and 1 presumcit would take
vessels of large capacity to carry the correspond-
ence that takes place between the scmi-bai barous
people inhabiting the eastern countries and the
people of the United States!
Everything is being thrown into this vortex;
the Federal Government is about to do everything.
During these times of war, i know (and 1 regret
that n is so) that the Federal Government has
had to assume vast powers, drawing to itself ail
the powers ever exercised by any Government;
and we arc setting the example, not only in re-
gard to militaiy matters, but, under the name, or
underthe pretense, of carrying the mails between
some far-off country and this country, the funds
and the moneys of the people are to be taken to
build ves.sels. That is what this measure is for;
and yet not one word is said, in arguing the ne-
cessity for the establishment of this line, as to the
amount of correspondence that takes place be-
tween these countries. It is simply an undertak-
ing of the Government of the United States to
establish steamship lines for commercial pur-
poses. I am sorry to see such bills introduced
and passed'. 1 should be very glad to see a line
of ocean steamers between San Francisco and
China or Japan; but I do not know what author-
ity the Government of the United States has to
establish that line of steamers, any more than it
has to tax the people of the country and appro-
pnate.money for sailing-vessels between the same
ports, or between any other ports, if we embark
in this species of legislation, and undertake to
manufacture goods in order to compete with Great
Britain, lest she should manufacture more cheaply
than we can; or, as the Senator from Vermont will
have it, we shall be driven from the ocean if we
do not as a nation appropriate money to keep our
vessels afloat, wc have to run a race in this respect
with the other nations of the world. I do not
think such was the intention in the establishment
of this Government;and although I believe it right
and proper, and that we have ample authority to
appropriate money to carry the mails, wherever
there is any correspondence to be carried, I have
never believed in the authority of Congress,under
a pretense of carrying the mails, to build vessels
and establish lines of steamers costing the Gov-
ernment millions and millions of dollars, many-
more times what it would cost to hire somebody
to carry the mails.
I shall vote against this measure; and I am glad
that the yeas and nays have been called upon it.
I voted against a similar proposition at the last
session of Congress. I have never voted for the
establishment of one of these ocean lines of steam-
ers. We tried it some years ago with what was
known as the*Collins line. We kept up that line
at a vast expense for several years, and finally
abandoned it, I believe to the satisfaction of
Congiess,and the great satisfaction of the people
of the country.
Mr. COLLAMER rose.
Mr. SUMNER. If this debate is to go on, I
must call for the special order. I gave way-
Mr. CONNESS. I do not suppose it will go
on more than a moment longer. I shall have
nothing further to say on the subject, i leave
the explanation to be made in a few words by
the chairman of the committee, and then we can
come to a vote on the subject.
Mr. COLLAMER. Perhaps we might as well
let the vote be taken without saying anything
further.
Mr. CONNESS. I am perfectly willing to let
the vote be taken, and leave the measure to be
decided by the Senate on its merits.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was rca'd the'third time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. On the pas-
sage of the bill the yeas and nays have been or-
dered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Mesisif. Anthony, Brown. Chandler, Clark, Col-
lanifM, Connoss, Dixon, Doohttle, Faiwell, Foot, Fo=>: t,
Ilairis, Hendeiaon, llowaid, Lane oi Kansas, Morsan,
Nesmitli, Nye, Pornerov. Ramsey, Stewart, Sumner,
Wiwle, Wilkinson, and Wilson—
NAYS—Cowan, Davia, Grimes, Half1, Harlan,
Hendricks, Powell, Riddle, Sherman, Ten Eyck, and
Tiumbuli—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckalew, Onilile, Harding. Micks,
Howe, Johnson, Line ot Indiana, MeDougall, Mouill,
Richardson, SauUbury, Sprague, Van Winkle, Willey,
and Wright—15.
So the bill was passed.
BILL RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, the bill (S. No.
311) for the relief of W. H. & C. S. Duncan was
recommitted to the Committee on Claims.
frekdmen's bureau.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order for half past twelve o'clock, which was
laid aside informally, is the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 51) to
-establish a Bureau of Freedmen's Affairs.
The report was read, as follows:
TJio committee of confeiencp on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on trie bill (li. R. No. 51) "entitled ''An
act to establish a Duicuu of i,,r«j<Hh <:n'j Atfan^," having
met, aftei full and iiec conference have agreed to recom-
mend to their respective Houses an follows:
That the Senate rccede uoiri then amendment to the
said hill.and the committee agree to the following as a
substitute:
An Act to establish a Department of Freedmen and Aban-
doned Lands.
Be it enacted In/ (he Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of Jlmct wi in Congress assembled, That
there is hereby established at imp seat of Government of
the United States a Department of Fieodmen and Aban-
doned Lands, who*e object shall be the good ot tliefieed-
men and the administration of landa and other propeity
failing to the national Government in the robe! State* not
herctofoie appropriated toother And tni* Uepatt-
meni shall be under the oat e of a Commissioner, who shall
be appointed by the Piesidunt, by and wuh tho advice and
consent of the Senate, with an annual .salary ot §1,000.
^Hee. 2. Jind beit further enacted, That the Commissioner
of Picedmen and Abandomd Lands, shall appoint a chief
cleik, with an annual salary of §2,000, who 'shall act as
disguising officer, and who in all cases duuim the neces-
saiy absence of the Commissioner, or when the principal
office shall become vacant, shall perform the duties of Com-
