1365.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
767
mlssioner; and also such number of clerks, not exceeding
two of each class, as shall be necessary; And the Commis-
sioner and all persons appointed under this act shall, be foi e
eniering upon their duties, take the oath ol office prescribed
in an act entitled " An act to piesmbe an oath ot office and
.for othei purposes," approved July 2, 1802. ^nd the Com-
missions and the chief clerk sh.aU, before entering upon
their duties, give bonds to the Treasurer of the United States,
the former in the sum of §100,000 and the latter m the sum
of $10,000, conditioned fpr the faithful discharge of their
duties ltNpectivoly, with securities to be approved as suffi-
cient by the Attorney General; which bonds shall be tiled
in the office of the First Comptroller of the Treasury, to be
by him put in suit for the benefit of any injured party upon
any breach of the condition? thereof.
Sec. 3. Andbeitfurther enacted, That the Commissioner
shall, under the direction oithe President, create districts
of freedmen and abandoned lands within the rebel States,
not to exceed two in each State, so far as the same may be
brought under the military power of the United States; and
each district shall be under the.supervision of an assistant
commissioner, with an annual salary of $2,500, under bond
as lequired for the chief clerk, to be appointed by the Pres-
ident ot'the United States, with the advice and consent of
the Senate, and with authority to appoiut local superiu-
tendents and eierks, so far as the wimfi may be needed, not,
however, more than four in each district', each of whom
shall have an annual compensation not exceeding $1,500.
Sec. 4. And he it further cnacted, That the Commissioner
shall have the geneial superintendence of all freedmen
throughout the several districts, and he shall watch over
the execution of all laws, proclamations, and military or-
ders of emancipation, or in any way concerning fieedmen ;
and he shall establish regulations from time to time, and
cause the &|me to be enfoiced for their needful and judi-
cious treatment, protecting them in the enjoyment of their
rights, promoting their vvelfaie, and securing to them and
their posteiity the blessings of liberty. And every such
freedman shall be treated in all respects as a ireeman, with
all proper remedies in courts of justice, and no power or
control shall be exeicised with regard to him except in con-
formity with law.
Sec.5. Andbeit further enacted, That the assistant com-
missioners, under the direction ot the Commissioner and
within their respective disuicts, shall take possession of ail
abandoned real estate belonging to disloyal persons, and all
real finite to which the United States have title, or of which
the United Stafes have possession, and not already appro-
pi rated to Government uses, and ail property found on and
belonging to such estate, and shall rent or lease such real
estate oi any portion thcieot to fieedmen, or peimit the
same to be cultivated, used, or occupied by them on such
terms and under such regulations as the assistant commis-
sioner and such freedmen may agree ; and it the lands with
the propoity aforesaid shall not be required for the fieed-
men. then theys-hall rent or lease the same to other persons
on such teims and under such legulations as shall be mu-
tually agieed upon, and no fieedman shall be employed on
any estate above mentioned otherwise than according to
voluntary contract reduced to writing and certified by the
assistant commissions or local superintendent: Provided,
That no lease, permission to occupy, or contiact, shall be
for a longer period than one year, and all papers required
or authoiized by this act shall remain valid and effectual
although no reveuuc stamp is atlachedthereto. Butnoth-
ing herein contained shall be construed to prevent the due
execution of process against the leal estate or property
above named issued in due course of law from any court
of competent jm lidietion ; but the possession of such ie<il
estate or piopeity by any purchaser theteof at a judicial
sale shall be postponed until the termination of any out-
standing contract duly made and executed under the pro-
visions of this act.
Sec. 6. And he itfuither cnacted, That the assistant com-
missioners and local superintendents shall, as advisory
guardiaus, aid the fieedmen m the adjustment of their
wages,or in the application of their labor; that they shall
take care that the freedmen do not suffer from ill-tieatment
or any lailure of contract on the pait of others ; that they
shall do wlKit they can as ai Initiators to leconcile and settle
any difteienccs m which fieedmen maybe involved with
each other or with other persons; and, in case such dif-
feiences are earned before any tubunal, civil or military,
they shall appeal as next fiiend.s ot the tieedmen, so far as
to that the ca^e i* fan ly stated and heaid. And in all
fcuch pioeeeditigs there shall be no disability or exclusion
on account of color.
see. 7. And be it further enacted, That leases heretofore
made by the supei vising special ngents of the Treasury De-
paitmei't, under the authouty ot the General Order, three
hundred and thirty-one. ot the Secietary of War, dated Oc-
tobri 9, J8&.}. and m accoidance with the regulations of the
Tieasuiy Depaitment, shall have the same effect as if made
by assistant commissioners under this act; but such lease
fhall not continue beyond the penod of one year from its
date; and immediately upon the oigamzation of any dis-
trict of fieedmen aiid abandoned lands such agents shall
cease to execute their functions within such district, and
shall dehvet over to the assist.uitoommissioner theieof all
piopmy and papri<; held by them as agents. But all ex-
penses neees>anly mcuiied by such agents in any district
pnor to us organization under this act shall be deirayed
by the Secreuiy ot the Ticasury out of any moneys in his
hands ansms? iioni the leases made by such agents.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the Commis-
sioner -4iaU apply the proceeds acciunig under this act to
del'iay the expenses nt this Depaitment, so that the same
may become at an eatly day self-supporting; and any pro-
cecdv over and above such expenses biiali be paid into the
Treasuiy of the United States.
See. i). And he it further enacted, That whenever the
CoimpuMoner cannot otherwise employ any of the freed-
men who may come under his caie, he shall so far as prac-
ticable make piovisioii foi them with humane and suitable
persons, at a just compensation for their services.
Slc. 10. Andbeit further enacted, That the President of
the United Stales is ehaigcd with furnishing the military
and other support needful to cany thir act into cflcei, and
any military officer may be appointed under this act with-
out increase of salary.
Sec. li. And be it further enacted, That the Commis-
sioner shall, before the commencement of each legular
session of Congress, make full report of life proceedings,
with exhibits of the state of his accounts, to the President,
who shall communicate the same to Congress, and shall
also make special reports whenever requited to do so by
the President or either House of Congress. And the assist-
ant commissioners shall make quaiterly reports of their pro-
ceedings to the Commissioner, and also such other special
reports as from time to time may be required. And^t shall
be the duty of all officers, civil and military, charged with
the execution of any law, proclamation, or military order
of emancipation, or in any way concerning freedmen not
mustered into oi regularly engaged in the military service,
to make return to the Commissioner of all their proceed-
ings in execution thereof, under such regulations as shall
from time to time be prescribed.
Sec. 12. And be it fuithef enacted, That all assistant com-
missioners, local supenntendents, and clerks, as well as
supervising special agents, shall be so far deemed to be in
the military service of the United States as to be liable to
trial by courts-martial or military commissions, lo be or-
dered by the commanding geneial ot the military depart-
ment within which they aet as such assistant commis-
sioners, local superintendents, clerks, or supervising special
agents. And for all offenses amnumingto a felony; fur any
act of embezzlement or willful misappropriation of public
or private propeity; for any w llfulaetof oppression of any
freedman, or of any loyal inhabitant; for any act of taking
or receiving, directly or indnectly, any money or thing ot
value on account of any act done or omitted by them in
their official capacity, orfor being in any manner interested
iu any purchase of cotton, tobacco, sugar, or any other ar-
ticle produced upon any lands ieased or worked under the
provisions of this act, or for any other willful violation of
their official duties, upon conviction thereof, shall be sub-
ject to punishment by fine not exceeding $10,000, or im-
prisonment at hard labor for a petiod not exceeding five
years, or by both such fine and imprisonment.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted ^ That the last clause
of a joipt resolution explanatory of -'An act to suppress
insurrection, to punish treason and rebellion, to seize and
confiscate the piopetty of rebels, and for other puiposes,"
approved July 17, 186*2, be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That all acts and
parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions of this act arc
hereby repealed.
THOMAS 1). ELTOT,
WILLIAM D. KELtiEY,
Manager? on the part of the House,
CHARLES SUMNER,
J. M. HOWARD,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I will state several objections
that I have to the adoption of this report. The
first is to the reception of the report itself. It
begins in these words:
That the Senate recede from their amendment to the
said bill, and the committee agree to the following as a
substitute.
According to parliamentary Taw and the rules
of this House, I think the proposition is true that
a committee of conference cannot decide any ques-
tions whatever except those that are in issue be-
tween the two Houses and upon which they have
disagreed. This question was made formal! y some
two years ago, and the Senate then solemnly ad-
judged in favor of the proposition which I have
laid down, if I remember right. I had hoped that
thehonorable Senator from Massachusetts whose
name is signed to this report [Mr. Sumner]
would have explained to the Senate the points and
matters outside of the issues between the two
Houses that are introduced into this t '11. I should
like the honorable Senator to make that expla-
nation before I proceed further in my remarks, if
it is agreeable to him.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, I can do so now.
Mr. President, the Senator from Kentucky [Mr.
Davis] raises a question of form, or rather of
order. He suggests that the committee have erred
in reporting a new.bill. The Senator is mistaken.
This was done in the case of the difference be-
tween the two Houses on the confiscation bills,
and also in another difference on a tnuflT bill. I
have in my hand the Journal of the Senate for
August 2, 1861, where may be found the report
of a conference committee, which was followed by
the committee on the present occasion. A new
tariff bill, from beginning to end, was reported as
a substitute, and the report was adopted. This is
all that 1 think it necessary to say on the ques-
tion of form.
Mr. POWELL. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts will allow me to ask him if there was
any objection made to that report in 1SC1.
Mr. SUMNER. It does not appear that there
was any objection.
Mr. POWELL. That was the reason it was
passed m that way.
Mr. SUMNER. I think if the Senator reflects
he will see that there could be no objection. There ,
was no objection, I think, certainly none that was
sustained,to the report of theconfereneecommit-
tee on the confiscation bill. I trustthat there wi.il
be no opposition to this mostimportant, and, asl
solemnly believe, most beneficent measure. But
I shall be happy to make any explanation with
regard to it.
Senators have not forgotten the bill to create a
Bureau of Freedmen, which, after careful debate
for several days, was passed by the Senate at the
close of the last sessio.n as a substitute for a House'
bill on the same subject. For some-time the dif-
ference between the two Houses has been under the
consideration of a conference committee, whoso
report is now before you. This report embodies
substantially the Senate bill, including various
propositions moved by different Senators; among
others the proposition relating to the forfeiture of
estates, moved by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Trumbull;] that relating to the care of freedmen
unemployed on the lands, moved by the Senator
from West Virginia, [Mr. Willey;] and that
relating to trials by courts-martial, moved by the
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle.] AU
of the Senate bill, in substance, and generally in
language, is preserved, with one single exception.
By the Senate bill a bureau was created in the
Treasury. The committee of the two Houses
unite in recommending a separate Department,
holding directly under the President, and there-
fore free from the control of either the Treasury
or the War.
In point of fact, the only substantial difference
between the two Houses was on the place where
the bureau should be. Each was for a bureau;
but one was for it in the Treasury and the other
was for it in the Department of War; and there
were strong arguments in favor of each. There
$vere also strong feelings expressed againsteach.
Sometimes it was compendiously said that the •
freedmen could not be trusted to ii the harpies of
the Treasury,Mand then again it was said, with •
equal point, that they could not be trusted to " the
blood-hounds of the War." These were the ex-
aggerations of opposite opinions; but they serve
to disclose the irreconcilable discord on the sub-
ject. In attempting to avoid Scylla we were car-
ried to Charybdis.
If the freedmen could have been provided foy
without reference to the lands, the question wouid
have been relieved from much of its embarrass-
ment. But it was the conviction of the commit-
tee, in which they were sustained by all most
familiar with the matter, that the care of the freed-
men and the care of the abandoned lands ought
to be in the same hands, and that they could not
be separated without exposing the freedmen to
all the mischiefs of two conflicting jurisdictions.
But the War Office was not ada-pted to manuge
the lands, as many insisted that the Treasury was
not adapted to manage the freedmen.
There was another consideration which was not
without influence. It was felt that each of these
great Departments of the Government was already
so severely burdened, so weighed down with
manifold duties, that it was hardly in condition
to assume a new trust, so grave and onerous as
that now under consideration:
For such reasons, sir, and yielding to such in-
fluences, the committee, after most careful and
conscientious deliberation, determined to recom-
mend a new Department, not unlike that of agri-
culture, which should not be subject eitherto the
Treasury or to the War. It was foit that in do-
ing this they were doing the best for the cause,
and they were not insensible also to the consider-
ation that in "this way they should be able to se-
cure a high order of'talent and of chaiacter for
this branch of public servicc. Men fitted for
Treasury agents, or fitted for War, might not al-
ways be the best for the care of freedmen. The
man for thishumane servicc should be humane by
nature, and should sympathize especially wUh
that race which has so long been neglected and
outraged. They must be versed, if I may so
express myself, in the humanities of the ques-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It becomes
the duty of the Chair to call up the special order
for one o'clock.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope I may be allowed to
go on, at least to finish this statement. I can go
on informally.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am informed by the
