768
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13.
, Senator'from Ohio, the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Finance, that he will require to-day to pass
one of his bills from the Committee on Finance;
and I am also informed that the Senate, will not
be in session to-morrow, because of the announce-
ment of the death of Mr. Hicics. I gave notice
that I wili not antagonize the House bill No. 307,
which is the special order for this hour, against
any bill from the Committee on Finance. I there-
fore move that it be made the special .order for
Wednesday at one o'clock, instead of to-day.
} The motion was agreed to.
• Subsequently, the order relative to the bill (H.
R. No. 307) to regulate commerce amongthe sev-
eral States, was changed so as to make that bill
the special order for to-morrow.at one o'clock,
Mr. Chandler stating that he understood the
announcement of Mr. Hicks's death would not be
made till Wednesday.
Mr. SHERMAN. With the consent of the
honorable Senator, I move to take up the resolu-
tion fixing the duty on paper, and then I will yield
to the Senator from Massachusetts to finish his
statement.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection now to
yield to the Senator from Massachusetts to con-
clude his statement.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, in confirma-
tion of the views of the committee, 1 ask attention
to a letter which I have recently received from
Captain Wilder, who is superintendent of negro
affairs at Fortress Monroe. He writes me under*
date of 6th February, as follows:
te I am glad to leain that Congress is considering the ex-
pediency of establishing an independent Department of
negro affairs, &c.
If it is the purpose of its friends by this to throw addi-
tional bafeguards around the coloied people, and between
them and their enemies and speculators, and to secure to
« them the reforming and elevating influences of education
and ihe gospel of The Son of God", winch I do not doubt, I
wonM respectfully suggest that one great obstacle to our
„ success in this work has been the want of some general
policy, at once practical and operative, secui ing protection,
removing ob.^taeh'SjUnd affording to them oppoitumty ami
encouiageinent* to make their accustomed labor available,
not only for their own support ami elevation, but a souice
of power and wealth to the country.
<v If this can be f.o arranged as to pi event a perpetual con-
flict of control and rights between tne military and Tieas-
ury or civil agents, with the use ofiebel and abandoned
lauds, at lear>t for a time, we shall be out of the woods and
on a fan field to test every other mooted question, and
buvo to the Government veiy large and continued expundi-
luies.
u Without this, or its equivalent, freedom will be to thetu
n doubtful boon, and the Government will become, by neg-
lect at lea-it, an abettor of degradation,"
The views so strongly enforced by military
experience at Fortress Monroe are enforced with
equal strength by military experience at New
Orleans. 1 hold in my hand an elaborate letter
fiom Major General Hurlbut, commander of the
Department of the Gulf, under date of January
,21, relating to the treatment of fteednien, from
which I Will read an important passage:
"A central bureau, then, of selected men of character,
courage, and knowledge ot the Mibjeet, at Washington
desirable. Subordinate bureaus sf,ill nioie eaiefully se-
lected in the sevci.il States possessed by our arms will be
established, who tdmll locally enforce leguiatiorift.
•' If possible to be obtained, these should be constituted
of men having knowledge alieady ot the peculiarities of
ucgto ehaiaetcr in its seveial distinct race?, tiuthlul and ot
undeniable mtegiity, who will render justice to the poor,
and resist blandishments and bubo*.
" The buidou of tins important affair should as speedily
as possible be taken fiom the milit.uy ambonae?-, <uid pei-
nmneutlv' I'tid \v^remntical!y vc-red el^owhcie. Military
commanders are often changed, and the sjstcui fluctuates
with each change,"
It may be easy to find fault with .the proposed
measure, to criticise it in its details, or to object
to the creation of a separate Department. But
the question has arrived at such a stasre that you
must take this or nothing. 1 err. Thote is an-
other system which will continue, if you reject
this. By the act of Congress, passed at the close
of the late session, relative to abandoned prop-
erty, it is-provided that the agent of the Treas-
ury " shall take charge of anil lease for periods
not exceeding twelve months the abandoned lands,
houses, and tenements wsthin the distt icts therein
named, and shall also provide in such cases or
otherwise for the employment and general wel-
fare of all persons within the ltnes of national
military occupation within said insurrectionary
States formerly held as slaves, who are or shall
become free." (Sec. 2.) Under this statute the
Treasury Department has proceeded to establish
regulations, of which the first is as follows:
" The regulations relative to the employment and gen-
eral welfare of freedmen will be earned into effect by the
same agents aftd under the same supervision as are pio-
vided under the regulations concerning commercial inter-
course."
Such is the system which now exists, under
wtiich the freedman is the mere accident of the
Treasury. Sir, this is not worthy of the Repub-
lic at this great period of our history.
Already the President, by irrepealable procla-
mation, has declared all slaves to be free. An
amendment to the Constitution will, in the course
of a few weeks, place their freedom under the
sanction of constitutional law. But this is not
enough. The debt of jusfice will not be paid if
we do not take them by the hand in their passage
from the house of bondage to the house of free-
dom; and this is what is proposed by the present
measure. The temporary care of the freedman
is the complement of emancipation; but the gen-
eral welfare is involved in the performance of this
duty. Without it emancipation may for a while
seem to fail, and the general wefare will surely
suffer.
Mr. GRIMES. Before the Senator closes I
should like to have him explain-—
Mr. SHERMAN. It would be better to let the
report go over.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish an explanation of the
ninth section in connection with* the Senator's re-
marks.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think we had better go on
with the paper-duty bill. The Senator desired.to
make his explanation; he has made it, and the sub-
ject goes over.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 am perfectly ready to go on
and take the vote.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call up the pending busi-
ness.
Mr. SUMNER. I ask that this be made a
special order for half past twelve o'clock to-mor-
row.
The PRESIDENT, pro tempore. That can be
done by unanimous consent.
Mr. POWELL. I object.
Mr. SHERMAN. It comes up as unfinished
business in the morning hour.
Mr. POWELL. There is a motion to recon-
sider a. bill of mine which I want disposed of.
Mr. SUMNER. If this report comes up as un-
finished business in the morning hour, very well.
Mr. COLLAMER. I wish to make a single
inquiry in regard to this bill: is it open to amend-
ment ?
Mr. SUMNER. It is not,
The PRESIDENT, pro tempore. It is not open
to amendment. The report is an entirety.
Mr. COLLAMER. Then it cannot have three
readings, nor enn it be amended.
The PRESIDENT, pro tempore. The ques-
tion is simply on the acceptance of the report. It
will now go over till to-morrow'morning.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed a joint resolution (H. R.
No. 3G4) authorizing a contract with William Ii.
Powell for a picture for the Capitol, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the resolution to appoint a joint
committee to notify the President and Vice Pres-
ident-elect for the ensuing term of their election,
and had appointed Messrs. J. F. Wilson of
Iowa, and J. L. Dawson of Pennsylvania, the
committee on its part.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED. ■
The message furtherannounced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolution; and they were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore.
A bill (H. R. No. 517) to incorporate the Na-
tional Union Insurance Company of Washington.
A bill (S. No. 281) for the relief of Alexander
J. Atocha;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 91) appointing
General Richard DeFafield to be a Regent of the
Smithsonian Institution; and *
A bill (H. R. No. 705) for the relief of collect-
ors and surveyors of the customs in certain eases.
DUTY ON PRINTING PAPER.
The Senate, *as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 141) reducing the duty on printing
paper, unsized, used for books and newspapers
exclusively, the pending question being on the
amendment of the Committee on Finance, to strike
out "three per cent." and insert "fifteen per
cent." as the rate of duty.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the amendment is
adopted I desire to submit a statement of the rea-
sons that induced the Committee on Finance to
report it. The present rate of duty on printing
paper is twenty per cent. #The proposition of the
House'of Representatives is to reduce the rate of
duty to three per cent. The leading objection of
the Committee on Finance to the proposed rate of
duty was that itis less than the rate of duty levied
on the home manufacture. The duty now levied on
printing paper made in the United States is equiv-
alent to eight to ten per cent., and is assessed in
various forms. We levy a direct tax on the manu-
facture of three percent. We levy on the income
derived from it from five to ten per cent. We
levy a tax on the coal, lime, and many of the ma-
terials entering into the composition of paper; soda
ash, bleaching powder, alum, sulphuricacid,and
other articles indispensable to its manufacture
must pay a largo impot t duty, or, if manufactured
in the United States, must pay an expise duty. I
have a statement which approximates the duty
paid by the home manufacturer on one ton of
paper. It is as follows:
In producing one ton of paper fiom wood, straw, fiax, or
hemp tow there aroused 12£ bushels ot lime, at 43 cents
per bushel, §5 37 ; excise on which is 3 per cent. $0 10
1,2-20 lbs. soda ash, import duty £ per cent, per lb.,
fid 10 in gold, or, in currency, with gold at 225.. 13 752J
813 lbs. bleaching powders, liupoit duty 30-cents
per 100 lb?., 44 in gold, oi, m currency, with
gold at 225  5 49
57 lbs. alum, import duty 60 cents per 100 lbs., 34
cents m gold, or, in currency, with gold at 225.. 76£
41 lbs. sulphuric acid, import duty 1 cent per 300
lbs., 41 cents in gold, or, in currency, with gold
at 2*25  92*
Wood fellings, duty 20 cunts per lb., and 30 per cent.
ad valorem additional  1 20
Wlie-cloth, excise 3 percent  20
3£ toii3 oi coal, lor boiling and diying 
Making in duties and cxcis-e on matei ink, a total of 22 63£
Tne value of one ton of piinlnig papu, 22J cents
pei lb., (the present marKet rates.) is .^-1 00; ex-
eNo tJX 3 per cent  13 50
Estimated piofit on one ton $45, or 10 pei cent.;
ot winch is paid in income and war taxes, 10 per
cent        4 50
Showing that Government receives on each ton of
paper as above made in tiie United States  40 63?
When printing paper is made entirely of rags, the
consumption of lime, chemicals, coal, &c., is
much less; but estimates made in same manner
us above, in detail abovV that Government receives
from one ton of printing papei, made from rags
aioiw, a revenue of  21 21
Itis thus shown that the amount of revenue
received from a ton of paper made hero is forty
dollars, and cannot, he less than twenty dollars.
If the House resolution passes, what revenue will
be derived from a ton of imported paper? Let us
see. Paper abroad is $160 a ton; three per cent,
will yield §4 80 in coin, or in paper, at present
rates, about ten dollars. Thus the resolution of
the House would reduce the revenue from ten to
thirty dollars on every ton of paper imported. Are
we prepared to thus reduce the revenue?
But this is not the worst effect of the proposed
duty. It is an actual discrimination against home
manufacture and in favor of foreign manufacture
of about seven per cent. The Canada mills across
our boundary line may manufacture paper and
sell it in our markets, paying less tax than the
home manufacturer. 1 venture to assert that no
such discrimination has ever been made in any
tariff or revenue law of the United States. If wq.
must admit paper duty free or at a nominal rate
we should at least reduce our internal duties to
the same rate. When we are searching thiough
all branches of industry for subjects of taxation
we are not disposed to reduce the present reve-
nue from any articles.' Cheap paper is demafided
by the press, by the people, and by the House
ofRepresentatives; but in yielding to that demand
we must not,at one blow, destroy seven hutrdred
paper mills, giving employment to fifty thousand
persons and $70,000,000 of capital. It is idle to
say that they could continue their operations when
we not only invite competition with the labor of
