78
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20,"
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Edgerton.
Ho. ox' Reps.
it will be found that these are the men who
have been molding the State of Louisiana into
its present shape before this House. Their money
an<l influence have been potent in the work of re-
construction. The plan of repeopling the con-
quered rebel States is already showing its fruits.
For one, sir, when I cast my vote, if ever, to
welcome Louisiana again among the States freely
and fairly represented upon this floor, 1 do not
intend to welcome some other State or its instru-
ments under the borrowed or stolen garb of Lou-
isiana. Massachusetts and New England have
power enough in tnis Congress and in this Union
already, in their own proper Representatives,
without taking the name and constitutional func-
tions of Louisiana. I will not, sir, for any cause,
disfranchise the free-born white men of Louisi-
ana, "native there and to the manner born," in
order to enfranchise and place in power the ad-
venturers who, following in the wake of Federal
military power, have pounced upon New Orleans
and the desolated plantations of Louisiana as the
vulture plunges upon the slain of the battle-field.
I am not in favor of the plan of devastation, ex-
termination, and repeopling advocated by some
men. I will rather wait the coming of the auspi-
cious, and, I hope not distant day, when the
people of Louisiana, the real sons of the State,
weary and sick at heart of their wild pursuit of
the ignis faluus of secession, shall of their own
accord return to the Union as our fathers made it
and their fathers accepted it—when Louisiana,
once an alien to the Union, became bone of our
bone and flesh of our flesh.
On fhese grounds, then, sir: first, because it
was initiated and built up by Federal military
power, exacting an unconstitutional and oppress-
ive test oath as a basis or condition of suffrage,
and creating a quasi duress over the people of
Louisiana; and, secondly, because I have no evi-
dence that it is the act of the people of Louisiana
in any proper legal sense of the word, 1 am op-
posed to recognizing the new government and
constitution of Louisiana as proposed in this bill;
and I apply the same points of objection to the
case of Arkansas.
Passing fiom the case of Louisiana I shall con-
sider with as little of detail as possible, for I do
not wish to weary the House, the promincntfeat-
ures of the bill and amendments before us.
Ostensibly and by its title the bill is one " to
guaranty to certain States whose governments
have been usurped or overthCbwn a republican
form of government;" but the title is a misnonier.
The mask of the Constitution is on the face of
the bill; but usurpation and despotism are 111 its
heart. The bill in fact 13, as it is commonly
called and known, a reconstruction bill.-, What,
in biief, does it contemplate and propose?
1. A temporary, provisional,civil government
by Federal officers, appointees of the President,
over the Sta!es,in rebellion,as Territories or mil-
itary provinces—for that is the effect of the bill
■—which shall disregard all laws and- usages of
the State 111 favor of slavery, and shall extend to
negroes as to white men the criminal laws of the
Siate, and the qualifications of jurois.
2. Confirmation of emancipation to all persons
and their posterity in all the States and parts of
States covered by the Piesident's emancipation
proclamations, and the extension of the writ of
habeas corpus by United States courts to discharge
such persons when claimed and held as slaves,
and making it a crime to attempt to enslave any
person thus declined free, punishable by a fine
not less than $1,500 and impiisonment for not
less than five years.
For a slaveholder, therefore, to doubt the in
fallibility of the President and Congress, and to
attempt to hold his slaves against their acts, is a
high crime by this proposed law.
3. Disfranchisement as citizens of the United
Slates of all persons who, after this act, shall
hold military office under the confederacy from
the rank of colonel upward, or any civil office not
meiely ministerial.
4. The formation of a new State constitution
mid government " so soon as the military resist-
ance to the United States shall have been sup-
pressed in any State, and the people thereof shall
have sufficiently returned to their obedience to the
Constitution and laws of the United States." The
proceedings initiative of such government are to
be taken by the Federal governor, aided by a
State convention over which he shall preside; in
the election of delegates to which convention the
right of suffrage is to be extended to negro citi-
zens who can read the Constitution of the United
States, as proposed by the amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,]
and to white citizens, and to all citizens of the
United States, irrespective of color, who are in
the military or naval service of the United States,
all first having taken the oath of allegiance under
the act of July 2, 1862. All persons who have
held any office, State or federal, under the rebel
usurpation,or borne arms voluntarily against the
United States, are to be excluded from voting for
or being elected as delegates, even if they offer to
take the oath of allegiance.
In regard to the right of suffrage, and the right
to be delegates to the constitutional convention,
the last amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Ashley] in the nature of a sub-
stitute for the whole bill and amendments, (but
which I have not had time fully to examine,) goes
beyond any previous proposition, and virtually
would give to.the freed negroes the right both to
vote for and be delegates to the constitutional con-
vention. I refer to sections three and five of the
last amendment or substitute. In tfte phrases
"all male citizens of the United States," in sec-
tion three, and " all citizens of the United States,"
in section five, are wrapped up the two cardinal
ideas of the party in power—negro suffrage and
negro equality.
5. The bill makes it the duty of the constitu-
tional convention not only to declare submis-
sion to the Constitution and laws of the United
States, but'to 111 corporate into the State consti-
tution these conditions:
Sec. 12. Jlnd he it farther enacted, That the convention
.shall declare, on behalf ofthe people of the Slate, their sub-
mission to the Constitution and laws of the United States,
and shall adopt the following provisions, hereby prescribed
by the United States in the execution of the constitutional
duty to guaranty a republican fouu of government to eveiy
State, and ineoiporate litem in the constitution of the State,
thai is to say:
Flr^t No person who lm<? held or exercised any office,
civil or military, except civil offices merely ministerial and
nnlitaiy offices below the grade of eolonel, State or confed
crate, under the usurping powet, shall vote for or be a
member of the .Legislature, 01 Governor.
Second. Irivolui'itaiy servitude is foiover piohihitcd,
and fieedoni and equality of civil rights before the law are
guatanttod to all peis-ons in s>aid State.
Thud. No debt, State or confederate, created by or un-
der the sanction of the usurping power, or in any manner
in aid thereof, shall bo tecogmzed 01 paid by the State ; and
all acts judicial <>r legislative, for the confiscation or for-
feiture of any debt, property, or franchise, of any loyal citi-
zen of the United States, are heiuby declared null and void.
The constitution thus formed, to be submitted
to a vote of the people of the State entitled to
vote for delegates to the convention, and, if ap-
proved, certified to the President, vviio, after
obtaining the consent of Congress, is by proc-
lamation to recognize the State government thus
established; and thereafter, and not before, Sen-
ators, Representatives, and presidential electors,
may be chosen in such State.
6. If the convention refuse to reestablish the
State government on the conditions prescribed,
the provisional governor is to dissolve the con-
vention,and the State remains in us territorial or
provincial condition, under military duiance,un-
til the President shall see fit to direct the provis-
ional governor to order a new election, when the
same process shall be gone through with until a
government to suit the prescribed terms shall be
accepted by the people.
The effect of ail this is—
1. To take from the people of the State all
fBwer to initiate proceedings to reorganize their
own State government in harmony with the Con-
stitution of the United States, or even to prescribe
the qualifications of suffrage. The bill ignores
the idea that there is any vital power in the peo-
ple to restore their State government—not only
taken from them by rebellion but kept from them
by Fedetal powei—until the Federal authority
awakens the latent power of the people, puts it in
motion, gives it direction, preset ibes its mode and
instruments of action, and defines and limits its
results. '
2. The effect is to exclude from the reorgani-
zation the entire white population of the State
who snail have held office or voluntarily borne
arms against the "United States, or who shall not
take the oath of July 2, 1862-
3. To confine the right of suffrage and power
of reorganization to enrolled men and Federal sol-
diers taking the oath; and the law affords no
guarantee that even the enrollment shall embrace
a majority of males over twenty-one years of age.
The majority required as a basis of action is so
many of enrolled persons taking the oath as, with
the soldiers, shall constitute a majority of the per-
sons enrolled; that majority, through defect or
fraud in enrollment, may be not even one tenth
of the males of the State over twenty-one years
of age.
4. The effect is the absolute disfranchisement
of eleven States and their continuance in a state
of war until they accept the abandonment of
slavery," asdictated to them by the United States,
and until by organic law they declare that all
persons shall have "equality of civil rights be-
fore the law" of the State; a well-seeming phrase
of broad import, the precise meaning of which I
do not understand. A woman is a person, a ne-
gro is a person, an alien is a person, and the right
of suffrage is a civil right. Does this high-sound-
ing phrase of the bill mean that women, negroes,
and aliens shall all have equal right to vote in a
regenerated State with white male citizens ? What
does "equality of civil rights before the law for
all persons" mean5
Now, it is to be borne in mind that these will be
the effects of the proposed bill upon States in
which the bill itself assumes as a condition pre-
cedent of this Federal dictation that " military re-
sistance to the United States has been suppressed,
and the people have sufficiently returned to their
allegiance to the Constitution and laws of the
United States." If so, why treat them as aliens
and enemies, conquered subjects of an imperial
Power?
In fact and in purpose, then, the bill before the
House is one to abolish slavery in the United
States, and to enfranchise and elevate negroes,
and to disfranchise and degrade white men; a bill
to change the social and industrial systems and in-
ternal policy of eleven States; a bill to take from
those States their inherent reserved constitutional
right to regulate in their own way their internal
policy, not inconsistent with the Constitution of
the United States. It is a bill to punish treason
without trial or conviction; a bill to confiscate
private property without adequate compensation;
in short, a bill to reconstruct States and make
State constitutions, when in truth no States or
their constitutions have been destroyed, or need
reconstruction, unless by the voluntary action of
their own people.
Where, sir, is the power in the Federal Gov-
ernment to do all these things? Where the power
to make a State, known as such to the Constitu-
tion and laws of the United States, a province or
Territory of the United States, and to govern it
as such, in defiance of the laws of such State not
inconsistent with the Constitution of the United
States? Where the power to put a State, not in re-
bellion nor disobedient to the Constitution, under
military duress for indefinite years, until you force
its people to remodel their constitution, not in it-
self anti-republican nor in any sense unconstitu-
tional, and make it conform to the changeful will
of a Federal Congress? Sir, there is no such
power but in usurpation and physical force. This
bill isin every elementrevolutionary,and had the
issue now made by it with the slaveholding States
been made with them on the 4th of March, 1861,
and an attempt made then,as now, to enforce it by
war, no man who is capable of distinguishing be-
tween the rhapsodies of fanaticalabolitionists and
the plain provisions of the Federal Constitution
would hesitate to say that the people of the south-
ern States whose rights were thus assailed would
have been justified in resisting such conditions to
the extremity of revolution.
Mr. Speaker, Congress cannot make a State,
nor a State constitution, nor destroy either. Once
a State in the Union, always so, until consent or
successful force permanently takes it out. The
people of a State, in the largest sense of the term,
are the State,and they make its constitution; and
to be their constitution in any just sense of the_
term it must be then* free act, not the result of
