in
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
receive $24 per ton-duty in gold,and that reduced
to currency, with gold at- 225, would be $54,
which the Government would receive on a ton
of paper imported at fifteen per cent. That, I
agree, is a larger sum than is paid to the Govern-
ment from the manufacture of a ton of paper
here,and so there would seem to be a gain to the
Government. But let ussee whether there would
be, Of course, if we fix the duty at fifteen per
cent., and mean to act honestly and fairly, we
most give the manufacturer the benefit of fifteen
per cent, upon his manufacture; otherwise our
law is a delusion and a snare. In order that he
majr have the benefit of this fifteen per cent, pro-
tection, the several articles which he now im-
ports from abroad to make his paper, and on
which he pays a heavy duty, ought to come free;
and he ought to make his paper out of free mate-
rials as it is made abroad, he being called upon
to enter into competition with paper manufactured
abroad.
Now, sir, daring the year ending June 30,
1864, the amount of these several commodities
imported into the country was as follows: we
imported 75,879,706 pounds of soda ash, which
was worth $1,303,805. We imported of bleach-
ing powders 14,932,688 pounds, worth $309,904;
and of alum we imported 1,503,088 pounds, worth
$26,015. We received for duties on these several
articles at the custom-house $433,214; nearly
half a million of dollars duties on thesechemicals
"which go into the manufacture of paper. 1 agree
that these chemicals are used for other purposes
besides the manufacture of paper; but if they are
to be admitted duty free, this is the. amount of
duty which is lost to the custom-house, and
Which, a* 1 stated, amounted last year to $433,214.
Mr. FARWELL. in gold.
Mr„ FOSTER. Yes,sir,in gold. I thank the
honorable Senator for the suggestion. In cur-
rency it would be $974,731, with gold at 225.
We received last year from the three per cent,
tax on paper manufactured $895,528; and this
sum, with the duties on the chemicals lust named,
in gold, make up the amountof $1,328,742—two
items only of the amount to be made up by du-
ties on imported paper.
Then the value of the paperand manufactures of
paper produced in this country during the last fis-
cal year, to wit, the year ending June 30, 1864,
was $29,850,933, as shown by returns at the Tieas-
ury. The profits on that business arc said to be
enormous; but 1 propose to take a very moderate
figure; no more than what even those who attack
the paper manufacturers agree is u fair profit; take
ten per cent.; and that, on this amount of paper
manufactured, ohows a profit of $2,985,093, and
on that profit the five per cent, income tax is
$149,254 65. That, added to the former sums,
makes, in three items, $1,577,996; and that is very
much below the amount which the Treasury now
receives from the manufacture of paper with the
duty as it now stands. Between two and three
million dollars unquestionably now come into the
Treasury from the paper made in the country;
perhaps more than the larger sum.
1 propose to take these figures, and if we stop
the manufacture here at home, we have got of
course to provide by an importation from abroad
such an amount as will raise this sum in revenue,
or else the Treasury will be a loser. Now, to
raise this sum of $1,577,996, which we now re-
ceive, we must import 29,222 tons of paper at
fifteen per cent, in order to make up the sum,
which I have shown to be less than the amount
which the Government now receives. That num-
ber of tons costs $4,675,520; so that to import
paper enough, with the duty at fifteen per cent.,
to raise the amount which we now receive, we
must export $4,675,520 in gold. We should, it
is true, get back about $700,000 of that in duties
at the custom-house; and taking those two trans-
actions together, we should send away neaily
$5,000,000 in gold for the sake of getting back
$700,000; not a very wise speculation.
Air. Fiesident, with the country in the condi-
tion it now is, with our exchanges as they now
are, with gold at the price it now is, can we with
safety send abroad $5,000,000 in gold to buy our
paper? Would not the picture which the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Wade] suggested of national
bankruptcy be staring us in the face, and that
ppeediiy? Why, sir, it would be utterly impos-
sible for the country to maintain its credit any
considerable length of time if we follow such a
courste of policy as that.
The whole amount of our domestic products
ex-ported last year was $320,394,796, and of for-
eign products $20,373,409, making an aggregate
of $340,768,205; and our imports the same year
were $328,514,559. We exported in gold the
past year $105,228,375. Of that the domestic
production was $100,228,375, and of foreign coin
and bullion $4,905,685. We imported $13,155,706;
and the excess of our exports of gold over the
imports was $92,072,669- We see what the con-
dition of our country is as it regards the price of
gold and our foreign exchanges, with an export
of gold in excess of imports thepast yearof this
sum of $92,072,669.
If we add to that the amount which would be
necessary to buy barely paper enough to bring to
the Treasury at fifteen per cent, the same amount
which is now brought to it by the manufactures
of the country, it would not only cause gold to
rise in price very considerably, but, as: 1 say, it
would go far toward shaking the credit of the
country. Gold has risen in this country about as
high as it is safe for us to have it rise; and while
I do not suppose that we by legislation can regulate
its price,although the votes of Congress on certain
occasions would seem to indicate that we could,
or at least thought we could, yet we can legislate
so as to prevent our workshops from being in
Belgium or Prance or England; we can legislate so
that the people of our country shall be profitably
employed at home, and that we shall manufac-
ture those articles which can be manufactured as
cheaply and made as well here as they can be
made elsewhere. If we adopt the policy that Js
here suggested by a reduction of this duty on pa-
per, instead of raising the credit of the country
we should impair if we did not destroy it.
Why, sir, the export of four or five millions
more of gold, if it affected the gold market but
for a week to raise it five to ten per cent., causing,
as it would, the same rise of every commodity in
the country for that space of time, would make
ten times the loss to the country which could be
gained by anything in the way of reduction of
the price of paper for years. There is and can
be no doubt but that any increase in the export
of gold would affect public credit and cause the
price to rise, and of course the price of every-
thing else to rise; and that all for the purpose of
fcuing paper a few cents in the pound cheaper!
t would be a most ruinous experiment.
Sir, until our country is in a condition again to
export rice, cotton, tobacco, and naval stoies, we
cannot hope greatly to increase the presentamount
of our exports. There is no reason, there are no
grounds, for such an expectation. Whatever we
buy, then, from abroad more than we now buy,
we have got to pay for, not in the products of
our country, but jii gold, and that would be a
downward, dangerous, ruinous policy.
It is said we must import to some extent in or-
der to get gold to pay the interest on our gold-
bearing bonds. Sir, if we manufactured all the
commodities at home which we now purchase
from abroad, and stopped this ruinous exporta-
tion of gold, how long would it be before ourpa-
per currency would be at par with gold ? Let it
once be understood that we produce here ai home
what we are now purchasing abroad, let us buy
no more from abroad than we pay for in the prod-
ucts of our own industry, and keep the precious
metals at home, and I say the day woulu be very
near when the ditfVrence between our paper cur-
rency and the gold standard of the world would
not be worth calculating.
There is then, Mr. President, no need of any
legislation on the subject of the duty on paper,
either as it regards its piice, or as a question of
revenue, or as a question of public policy. As a
question of public policy it is interwoven with
the great system of home industry,and there is no
reason why the manufacturer of paper should be
taken out of the catalogue of othergreat manufac-
turers and brought at once to a duty that shall be
ruinous to the home production and cause our
paper to be manufactured abroad.
The same policy, as the honorable Senatorfrom
Vermont suggests, should be applied, certainly,
to all the necessaries of life. Clothing, all cotton
and woolen fabrics, every species of manufacture
that is now protected in this country and made in
this country, would, by this system, be made
abroad,and we should be a nation of idlers paying
for the articles we consumed, not in the products
of our own labor, not producing the articles neces-
sary for our consumption, whether these articles
were articles of luxury and elegance or articles of
common convenience and necessity. Everything
would be purchased abroad and paid for in raw
materials, or the precious metals. The career of
such a nation would be exceedingly short to
national bankruptcy. Surely that would be the
epitaph of this country at an early day if such a
policy shall be adopted.
I know it is said that it is necessary to have a
healthy competition, and that we must reduce the
duty in order that our manufacturers should be
brought in healthy competition with the manufac-
turers of paper abroad. Is this principle applied
to any other article of domestic manufacture?
Are not the duties on all these articles to which
allusion has been made as nearly prohibitory at
the present time as the duty on paper? The hon-
orable Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] said
there had been imported not a pound for years.
He is slightly mistaken. It is true the importa-
tion is small—the importation of printing paper
last year amounted to something less than ten
thousand dollars—a small sum, 1 agree; but still
there was some importation.
Mr. JOHNSON. Of foreign paper?
Mr. FOSTER. Of foreign printing paper.
Mr. SHERMAN. When 1 said not a dollar,
I meant that practically there were no importa-
tions.
Mr. FOSTER. I thought the Senator meant
so. 1 a^ree this sum is no substantial correction.
Mr. JOHNSOJN. Have you got the number
of tons ? *
Mr. FOSTER. I had the memorandum before
me a moment since.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amount manufactured
was $107,000,000, and the amount imported, I
think, ten or twelve thousand dollars; and there-
fore 1 said there had not been a dollar's worth
imported.
Mr. FOSTER. In 1863-64 the amount waa
twenty-eight hundred and thirty reams of print-
ing paper, valued at $7,962; of writing paper,
$116,463; other manufactures of paper, $272,638;
making a total of $389,101. That was the im-
portation during the fiscal year 1863-64.
Now, Mr. President, I say the application of
the principle of competition should be made in all
other branches of manufacture as well as in this,
and for the same reason; and t do not believe that
we can at this time go into that competition with-
out shutting up our mills. That there is any mo-
nopoly in trie price of paper in this country bya
combination among manufacturers 1 look upon
as one of the idle fancies of the hour. Why, sir,
there are between seven and eight hundicd mills
in the country, owned by as m'any men, scattered
all over the country from the Atlantic to the Pa-
cific. The idea that these persons are to combine
and fix the price of paper above its real value and
compel the people to buy it, is simply ridiculous.
There is no such thing, and there can be no such
thing. If paper making is a profitable business,
the capitalists of thiscountry are shrewd, discern-
ing men, and they will go into the manufacture
of paper; and if the price is too high it will be
brought down, and broughtdown to a reasonable
rate; and there is no danger and no possibility of
a monopoly of a manufacture of this description.
In order to make an article cheap, there must
be a competition in the sale; and that is just what
these various paper manufacturers are doing.
They are going about the country and competing
with each other in the sale of their product; and
that is what always makes an article cheap—com-
petition in sale. If this policy should be inaugu-
rated of reducing the duty on paper to three per
cent., imposing in effecta penalty on the manufac-
ture of paper here, our manufacturers could go
abroad and manufacture cheaper than they could
here. The effect of that policy would be to dimin-
ish all competition as regards sales, and make a
competition only in the matter of purchase; and
that is what raises the piice of an article—compe-
tition in the purchase. Competition in the sale
is what makes it cheap. Why do we not hear of
a combination among the cotton manufacturers,
or the woolen manufacturers, the iron manufac-
turers, or any other manufacturers, as well as a
combination among the paper manufacturers.*
