1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
plicable to the present condition of the finances
and debt of this country, and which, I think,
•would be impolitic even if we had no debt, in a
time of peace. There is another theory, that we
should tax for the purpose of revenue; and still
a third theory, that we should tax to protect the
American article. Let us test this matter of the
paper tax in reference to the last two theories.
First, then, it is an admitted fact that as a rev-
enue measure the twenty per cent, fails; it does
not produce any revenue, because there are no
foreign importations; in other words, the tax of
twenty percent, is a prohibition and not protection.
So far forth as it may be necessary to raise rev-
enue and pay the debts of the country, the whole
argument has failed. Then how far should we
protect, and what is the measure of protection ?
Surely not twenty per cent., because that is pro-
hibition, and there is no competition with the
foreign article at all; and I have introduced this
amendment proposing ten per cent, supposing it
would give ample protection and retain the mar-
ket in the hands of our manufacturers, and at
the same time lessen the price of paper to the
paper consumer.
The distinguished Senator from Rhode Island
[Mr. Sprague] sets out with the proposition that*
there should be stability in our legislation. Doubt-
less stability is a good thing, but why do we tax
at all? For the purpose of raising revenue to pay
our debts. And what is the measure of that tax ?
Simply the necessities of the Government; and
what it may be necessary to tax one day we may
be compelled to increase the next, and the whole
theory of taxation in a time of war, when debts
are rapidly accumulating, implies change and in-
stability, and nothing else, and manufacturers
and all others must operate with a view to that
continuing and shifting change in the debt of the
country, for taxes are only necessary to pay the
debt.
There is another position of the distinguished
Senator from Rhode Island which I think answers
iisclf. He says he does not*believe the newspa-
per men will be benefited one cent by this reduc-
tion of the duty on paper. If not, why not? Be-
cause they will have to pay precisely as much for
the paper then as they do now. Then if the man-
ufacturer sells at the same price, he is not injured
to the amount of a single sent. If the paper buyer
pays the same price the manufacturer cannot be
injured, for he gets the same price; and it seems
to me that that argument thoroughly answers it-
self.
Wc have been told by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance that a tax of ten per cent, will
in his opinion be ample and afford sufficient pro-
tection to our manufacturers, but a tax of three
per cent, would not be enough, because our paper
manufacturers on the materials they use pay about
seven per cent., and would enter the market that
much worse than the foreign producers; but it
seems to me that ten per cent, would retain the
sale of the paper and the manufacture of the pa-
per at home, and at the same time reduce pre-
cisely to that extent the price to the consumers,
the paper buyers.
Gentlemen talk of protecting American labor.
Heie are fifty thousand people employed in man-
ufactuung paper, while there are six or eight
million, perhaps, habitually buying paper; and for
the purpose of protecting the smaller number you
enable that smaller number to extort from the
larger, for it is nothing else. Whenever a tariff
becomes prohibitory, whenever it excludes the
foreign article, to that extent the home manufac-
turers are enabled to charge precisely, in an or-
dinary state of market, that much more to the
consumer. I propose now to reduce to the con-
sumer at the rate of ten per cent, upon paper, and
at the same time give ample protection to the pa-
per manufacturer, and with no view to leave un-
protected American capital and American labor.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, i do not
propose to enter into statistics in relation to this
article of manufacture, but merely to state in a
very few words the conclusions to which I have
come. #The proposition that the increased price
paid by the American consumer who uses paper
is to be attributed to the tax is,as I think, wholly
unfounded. That increase is to be attributed, as
is the increase upon every article, whether of ne-
cessity or of luxury, to the state of the currency.
Gold itself is worth no more now than it was before
the war commenced. A dollar is yet but a dollar;
and although a dollar in gold is equal now in point
of value for all purposes to some two dollars or
more in currency, it is not because Us intrinsic
value is any more than it was at first, but is owing
to the fact that we have an inflated currency, and
to the further fact that a great part of that inflated
currency is made a legal tender.
The tax of twenty per cent, on the foreign man-
ufacture has been in existence some time, and the
effect of it has been to induce the domestic enter-
prise of our citizens to an extent which has led
them to invest some eighty or ninety million
dollars in paper factories, and they are produ-
cing now an annual product of about one hun-
dred and seven million dollars. The honorable
member from Indiana says that there are two
things to be accomplished by means of a tariff.
The first is to raise revenue, and the other is to
protect domestic industry. He thinks that this
tax of twenty per cent, is not a tax which can be
supposed to be one to raise revenue, because the
effect of the tax has been to exclude altogether
the foreign article. That is true. We are not
raising revenue, to be sure, by an impost upon
the foreign article; but if the effect of the impost
upon the foreign article has been to encourage the
creation of the domestic article, and to such an
extentthatthe taxes which we haveimposed upon
the domestic article amount to a sum much larger
than would be the duty upon the foreign article,
then the effect of the duty in its result is to raise
revenue. If, for example, you were to reduce the
duty, and the foreign article was imported, and
the impost upon the foreign article would only
be, as the chairman of the committee says, some
two or three million dollars, and by doing so
you prostrate the domestic article, the duty upon
which is eight or ten million dollars, you are
just a loser in revenue of the amount of the differ-
ence, and you must make that up in some other
way.
Now, whatever doubt there may have existed
originally, and particularly with those gentlemen
at the South, and some at the North, who have
contested the authority of Congress to protect
directly the domestic manufacture by imposmga
tax, yet I suppose it never has been doubted by
anybody that you can so appropriate the tax^s
among the foreign articles as to operate indirectly
to encourage the production of domestic articles;
and the whole question is, to what extent will
you go in that indirect encouragement? I do not
doubt now, 1 never did doubt, ihat under the au-
thority to levy imposts you might exclude the
foreign article altogether. The debates in the
Convention, the writings of Mr. Madison and Mr.
Hamilton contemporaneously with it, the pas-
sage of the first tariff bill by the First Congress
which was organized under the Constitution, and
which upon its face professed to be a bill for the
encouragement of manufactures, all in myjudg-
ment warrant the opinion that under the power
to lay such taxes you may exclude altogether
the foreign article.
But tliat is not the question here. The ques-
tion here is, we being in a state of war, is it not
better to keep the taxes as they are, the domestic
tax as it is, and the foreign tax as it is, provided
theresultof the two is that we geta larger amount
through the taxing power than we should do if
we repealed the foreign tax?
But there is another consideration. If by your
legislation you encourage the industry and en-
terprise of the country to appropriate its means
to any particular article of manufacture, and by
force of that encouragement millions and millions
of dollars have been invested, it seems to me to
be unjust, after men have made the investment,
while they are in the course of realizing what
they expected to realize by reason of the invest-
ment, and after they made the investment at your
instance, under the protection of your legislation,
that you should strike at once a blow that will
render tteithei altogether or comparatively value-
less.
If the object of those who are in favor of a
reduction of this tax either to three per cent, or
to ten per cent, is to produce what they call a fair
competition between the domestic manufacturer
and the foreign manufacturer, the way to do that
is to reduce the duty upon eveiy article which
enters into the manufacture of paper. Do that
and we shall start fair, and starting fair I have
nodoubt that the skill and industry of the Amer-
ican artificer and manufacturer will be equal to
compete successfully with the foreign manufac-
turer, although the price of labor is dearer-here
than it is abroad; but such a bill as this is to
discriminate against the domestic manufacture;
it is to encourage the foreign and to prohibit the
domestic.
Mr. President, we can very readily imagine,
at least 1 think I can, why it is that the popular
judgment, the judgment of the Houseof Represent-
atives and the judgment of politicians generally,
has been brought to doubt whether the complaint
of these newspaper editors is not well founded.
They seem to speak the public voice; they have
got the exclusive possession of the public ear;
and they are the men who in relation to this par-
ticular tax are now acting together. They are
monopolizingthepublicjudgment. They are very
clever men; but how have they suffered? The
daily papers have not suffered; they have raised
the prices of theirsubscriptions and of their adver-
tisements in an amount equal to the increased
expense to which they have been subjected by
the condition of the currency. The weekly papers
suffer, but why do they suffer? A great many of
tliem have gone out of existence a little sooner, per-
haps^than they would otherwise have done; but it
is to be remembered that we are in a state of war;
every man desires to know in the morning in
what condition is the country, what battles have
been fought, what is fche state of the market, what
is going on in Washington; and he does not take
a weekly paper, for that does not inform him; he
takes the papers that come out every day, con-
sults the telegraph, and has no occasion for a
weekly paper, it falls not so much because it is
unable to compete on account of the difference in
the price of paper, but because it is unequal to
compete with the daily papers in that kind of in-
formation which everybody wants to receive from
dny to day and hour to hour. A man wants to
consult the telegraph, and that goes for those who
can pay for it; the weekly papers cannot afford
to pay for it.
Now, Mr. President, if we have established a
system of manufacture in relation to this article
and other articles so that they can compete now
with like manufactures all over the world, let us
preserve them in thatcondition. Weoughttobe
able to compete with the world. We ought to
encourage (if it can bedone without loss of trade)
every enterprise in which our citizens may en-
gage. Our people having engaged in this busi-
ness to the extent of eighty or ninety or a hun-
dred million dollars, and making now just as much
paper as is wanted, nobody complains that there
is not paper enough in the country to answer the
wants of the country; the whole objection is as
to its price. Why interfere in this way? If you
reduce the price by removing the tax upon the
foreign article, and by so doing you destroy the
domestic article altogether, put an end to the
seven hundred mills which are in operation, how
long do you think the price will be less than it is
now? Never, except for a few months. Although
it is true as a general thing that the tax which
you impose upon the foreign article is added to
the price which is charged for it to the consumer,
we all know that the foreign manufacturer, the
moment he gets a chance, if he sees that he can
strike a blow upon the domestic manufacturer,
will send the material in, and sell it at a loss, and
he can afford to sell it at a loss for a year or two,
if by so doing he can break down the domestic
manufacturer, and himself afterward monopolize
the market of the United States.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the amendmentof theSenator fiom Indiana
[Mr. Lane] to the amendment reported by the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordeted.
Mr. COWAN. I beg Senators to remember
that if they vote for this amendment they vote to
reduce the revenue. A ton of paper with gold at
225 now yields to theGovernment$40 63. Reduce
the duty ten per ccnt., admit the foreign article,
and then upon every ton of imported paper we
shall get, with gold at 225, but thirty-six dollars;
so that this proposition is fatal, even according to
the argument of us own friends. The honorable
Senator from Ohio states that he will treat as the
enemy of the country him who endeavors to
