1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL < GLOBE.
38tii Cong....2d Sess.
Commerce among the States—Mr. Nye.
Senase.
fiscation and the policy of plunder and devastation assure
pledge* of our ultimate triumph ; they were terrible ordeals,
but they iikm effectually eradicated every sentiment of
union, and arousing the pride as well as the Interest"/;!* our
people, mft.iint-d the patriotism of the whole, until 'they
would have accepted death as preferable to ultimate de-
left." <
Mr. Speaker, in my judgment the deluge.of
blood that lias covered the land has lasted long
enough. The sword, the symbol of vengeance
and of power, has well-nigh done its work:. If
Christian statesmanship cannot restore the Union,
war cannot. If the Union cannot be restored
without the extermination or expatriation of the
white people of eleven Federal States, it is time
to estimate the value of the Union and the char-
acter of the Union after a war of extermination
has done its work; it is time to estimate the value
of peace when we have made a desert and a soli-
tude of the fairest portion of our country and
called them peace. It is time for all thoughtful
and patriotic men to consider whether such a
Union and peace will be worth the cost in lost
life, lost wealth, lost liberty, lost human happi-
ness. The tendency, nay the swift movement
of the present disorder of affairs, is to military
despotism, to monarchical power. For one, sir,
when the issue shall be squarely made, as it will
ere long be made, under,the policy and the war
of this Administration, a separation of the sec-
tions, with preserved constitutional liberty and
the sovereignty of the States preserved to each
section, or a war of absolute subjugation or ex-
termination of States, to end in military and mon-
archical despotism over the whole Union, I will
accept all the evils of separation rather than wel-
come the degradation and the burdens of despotic
power. It is better for a nation to lose a poition
of its territory than to lose its constitutional lib-
erties.
Mr. Speaker, I yield to np man in my love for
the Union, or in my reverence for the Constitu-
tion. Disunion of our Federal States is a dire evil
to contemplate under any circumstances, but I
can see evils in possible, nay, probable, results of
the war conducted in a spirit of revenge, and with-
out regard for constitutional rights, that are more
to be feared than disunion itself. When the
Union shall have ceased to protect that for which
it was formed, the rights of the people and of the
republican States, through which the. people have
formed and ,are represented in the Union, it is
time for the Union itself to pass away and for its
epitaph to be written.
Mr. Speaker, the anti-slavery party is in power.
We know it; we feel it. It has not scrupled,
while assuming a high mission from Heaven to
regenerate this Republic, " to wade through
slaughter to a throne." It is enthroned. Itsfoot
seems to be upon the neck of its foe. With the
eagerness of theexultant Shy lock, polluting even
the tribunal of justice with the spirit of revenge,
it whets its knife " to cut the forfeiture" from the
heart of its enemy. The Congress of the United
States, the legislative power of the Union, and the
Constitution, is asked by this bill to be the minis-
ter and executioner of the great revenge of sec-
tion upon section, States North upon States
South. For one, sir, I wash my hands of the
deed.
COMMERCE AMONG TI1E STATES.
V/
SPEECH OF HON. JAMES W. NYE,
OF NEVADA,
In the Senate of the United States,
February 22 and 23, 18G5,
On the bill (H. It. No. 307) to regulate commerce among
the several States.
Mr. NYE. Mr. President, the bestreturn that
I can make for the courtesy exhibited toward me
on this occasion will be to discuss with as much
brevity as possible the question before the Sen-
ate. I congratulate you, sir, and the country that
we are able at last to turn our eyes a little from
the piesent, and loo-king toward the commercial
future, secure the legislation likely to be necessary
for it. It is also matter of congratulation that we
have now made such advances in our national
struggle as to be able to cast c.roend us and see
what measures are necessary to promote the future
honor and future glory of ourcountry. We have
manfully grappled with the present; we have won
in the conflict, and it now becomes the duty of
all, and especially of legislators, to see what the
futureof our country requires for jts further and
full development. "We have, happily for the peo-
ple of this land, arrived at a period when it is
entirely safe to turn .our attention to subjects and
concerns that relate to a time of peace; a time,
thanks to our brave soldiers and sailors, not dis-
tant or difficult to be foreseen.
I was a little surprised to hear the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] state
that this was a question of little importance, that
it was simply a question arising between twocor-
porations of one of the States of this Union. If
I understand the measure under consideration
this is by no means a fair presentation of it. I
understand this question to involve the regulation
of the internal commerce of our entire country..
The question involved is one of power m Con-
gress, and arises outof that provision in the Con-
stitution which provides that Congress shall
" regulate commerce with foreign nations, and
among the several States, and with the Indian
tribes." What construction this subdivision of
the eighth section of the fiist article of the Con-
stitution shall receive at the handsof Congress is
the only question involved in the proposed meas-
ure. From this standpoint alone I will discuss
it. I have closed my ears and shall keep them
closed to everything less or other than this. I
shall refer to States and State interests only as
such reference becomes necessary to demonstrate
the correctness of my propositions or vindicate
the truth of what I assert. In this reference I
shall carefully abstain from saying anything that
should occasion offense to a State. I have no
quarrel with the State of New Jersey, through
whose territory this chartered monopoly runs its
railroad and canal, and I have no quarrel with
Maryland, which State, I believe, has granted a
charter similar in its general character and effect
to the charter granted by New Jersey to the Cam-
den and Amboy railroad. For these States, as
for all the States, I entertain the strongest frater-
nal affection, but when they or any of the States
attempt by legislation to block up the pathway of
national progress, or pass limitations upon trade
and commerce, I shall ever be found, as I am found
to-day, advocating the power anil the duty of
Congress to save the external and internal com-
merce of the country from any fetters attempted
to be imposed upon it by State regulation, whether
the attempt proceed from State pride or State cu-
pidity.
The question before the Senate is not one of
favor to or that concerns a particular State. It is
one of universal concern. Itis whether Congress
has the right to regulate the internal commerce of
the nation. It is most singular that this question
should be the subject of discussion. The lanj
guage of the Constitution upon the point, an<$
which I have just cited, is so plain that he w.ho
runs may read, and he only misunderstand who
is perversely resolved to misconstrue it. Ttlse
pjCwer of Congress to regulate commerce with
foreign nations is admitted upon all hands; no one
pretends that any State, whether sea-board or.ifl-
land, shares in this prerogative. It is conceded
to be thesole rightof Congress. Now, the power
of Congress over the subject of commcrce between
the several States of the Union is derived from
the self-same source, and the language that con-
fers the power is as unambiguous as that which
vests the regulation of foreign commerce in Con-
gress, and it may with equal propriety be claimed
in one case as in the other that the States have
sole or concurrent jurisdiction.
The honorable Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Johnson] to whose opinions 1 have for long years
deferred, and whose opposing opinion 1 now pur-
pose with great diffidence to examine, will pardon
me when 1 say that the propositions he argued
do not come up to the magnitude of the real ques-
tion which is involved. Upon several of the prop-
sitions argued by him I have no doubt. 1 grcint
at once the i ight of a State to regulate its internal
commerce, and to place restrictions and limita-
tions upon the trade its own citizens carry on be-
tween themselves. Over all matters of a purely
local character the State has exclusive authority.
With these Congress cannot, and I am sure has
<10 disposition to interfere,: but of matters partly
local and partly national or wholly natwnal^Os®;
gress has unquestionable jurisdiction. Tin? diffi-
culty with the position of the honorable Senator
from Maryland is he has argued upon a stute of
facts which has no relation to the subject under
debate. The question before usis not what Con-
gress may not do, but what it can do, and as a
corollary of this, whatit ought to do. The ques-
tion is not whether the General Government can
compel a State to construct as an original worlc a
railroad or canal, or an ordinary high way, ejthw
for the convenience of its own citizens or the con-
venience of the citizens of other States, nor is it
a question of the appropriation of public money#
or credit for the construction of a public inv
provement. The question here, simply stated,is
whether a State having constructed within her
borders any artificial channel of trade and com-
munication, and having dedicated it to theptlblic
use, and the public having used it as a means .of
transit for men and merchandise, the State can
impose restrictions upon such transit in favor of
her own citizens, and thereby embarrass com-
merce between the citizens of her sister States,
Sir, it is due to the great men who framed the
national Constitution to say that they grasped in
their contemplation the grand future of the coun-
try, and provided for what, they sajw the nation
must one day become. They perceived then that
inter-State commerce must be preserved from
inter-State jealousies and conflicts, in order that
the national growth might not be prevented by
sectional interestor strife. It was to preventthia
grand question of inter-State commerce from de-
generating into what the honorable Senator from
New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] calls a quarrel be-
tween two rival corporations, that the fathers con-
sidered it not only discreet but indispensable that
the sole power to regulate commerce should be
confided to Congress; and whatis asked of us to-
day is that Congress shall exert her constitutional
supremacy upon a subject within its exclusive
legislation, and that the channels of public trade
shall be as free as the air we breathe.
If, sir, it be conceeded that Congress has alone
the power to regulate commerce with foreign
nations, does not the concession involve a par-
render of all that is clairtjied adversely to the bill
under consideration! Dogs commerce change or
become something else because it is inter-State?
Is it any less commerce when it is carried on be-
tween the Indian tubes and us than when carried
on between other nations and ourselves? Does
its transfer from natural to artificial channels of
transit-alter its real character? If it does not,
then it appears to me that the argument of the
honorable Senator from Maryland and of the hon-
orable Senator from New Hampshire falls short
of meeting the question. Now, sir, it is undeni-
able that much the largest part of our commerce
is inter-State, and is carried over and upon the
artificial means of transit provided by the inge-
nuity and industry of the people; and to regulate
this trade was one of the objects of the constitu-
tional provision. It was enacted to prevent an
endless repetition of the jarring and jangling that
continually occurred during the Confedeiation of
the States, and was intended to nationalize com-
merce, and place it within the care and power of
the General Government.
Sir, this question is not a new one. It en-
gaged the attention of the learned of ourcountry
at a very early day. I call the attention of ti.e
Senate to a time when the rule for which t am
contending was laid down and. enforced wiw
circumstances which give it peculiar siguifioan
and interest; the time when the unmoital fuit< r.
had completed his great steam experiment; the
time when theory was reduced to praci.ee, aiiU
Fulton had invoked to the use of man a powet
stronger than tides or currents; the time when
favoring winds were no longer necessary to pros-
perous voyages, and when distance was robbed
of nearly all its terrors. The great discoverer
lived in the State of New Yoi k, that noble, mag-
nanimous empire, whose people love to honor
and reward eminentservices; and to mark ber ap-
preciation of the gieat benefaction of Fulton she
^ave to him and to Mr. Livingston, who Hsr-
nisbed him with the pecuniary means he needed
to carry out his designs, the exclusive right to
