84
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 22,
38tii Gong....2d Sess.
Commerce among the States—Mr. Nye.
Senate.
navigate the waters of the bay of New York and
the Hudson river.
This munificent grant was subsequently im-
peached on the ground that the privilege was not
in the power of the State to bestow, and that the
legislation of New York trenched upon a right
wlich was within the exclusive control of the
General Government. Application was made to
the Federal judiciary, and the question of the right
ef New York to reward Fulton, as I have stated,
was presented for final adjudication to the Su-
preme Court. Chief JusticeMarshall, renowned
as ftiuch for his justice as his learning, declared
that large as was the debt due to Pulton not only
frdm New York but from the nation and the
world, the form in which the State of New York-
fix-pressed her gratitude was a violation of a pro-
vision of the national Constitution, and on this
ground alone the great jurist declared the grant
to Fulton Was void. Strangely enough, and most
striking ^as a coincidence, the application to set
the grant aside was made by a citizen of New
Jersey, who, owning a little vessel named the
Beliona, thought himself as good as Pulton, and
greater than all the Cajsars. New York was
balked of Her magnanimity, and Fulton deprived
of his reward upon the prayer of a Jerseyman,
■Who, standing upon the exclusive right of Con-
gress to regulate commerce between the States,
demanded what was nominated in the constitu-
tional bond! Sir, New Jersey to-day has no
right to complain when New Yorkers, standing
iipon the some identical ground, make, as against
New Jersey, the same identical demand.
But We are gravely told that this is a question
simply between two rival corporations. This
cannot be so; but if it were it is not the first time
that great principles have been raised and settled
Upon motives not half so great as the principles
themselves. At all events, the question is before
the Senate for its decision, and action must be
had upon it without respect to corporations or
corporators, if they stand in the way of the con-
stitutional rights of others.
The opponents of this bill inquire what neces-
sity-there is for Congress now to legislate on this
subject. Sir, the necessity is pressing and appar-
ent. For the last four years we have been reap-
ing in tears what we sowed in lolly and wicked-
ness, Our willful refusal truly to learn and boldly
to state the dividing line between the rights of the
nation and the lights of the States has had much
to do with the rebellion that has tilled our land
with grief and cost us so much of blood and treas-
ure. 1 had hoped the old doctrine of State sov-
ereignty, of which so much has been said here
and elsewhere, would not be revived, at least
•While thedin of conflict and smoke of war reached
our ears and eyes. 1 had supposed this mon-
strous fallacy died with the great political parly
which sailed under its malign star almost into
the vortex of treason. It certainly must have no
resurrection at the hands of Union Senators.
The honorable gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. TenEyck,] by way of confession and avoid-
ance, says that if the granting of the charter to
the Camden and Amboy railroad, which it is
alleged will be interfered with should this bill
pass, was an imposition upon the people of the
State of New Jersey, it was a self-imposed bur-
den. This is very well as far as it goes, but it
does not reach the difficulty. I complain not
upon behalf of New Jersey. I am her challenger
not her defender in this. I protest against her
legislating upon a subject over which she has no
jurisdiction. This is the gravamen of her offense.
The citizens of that little and plucky State are
tepresented here by honorable Senators whose
duty it is to see to what particularly concerns
lier; but let me tell my excellent friend I am not
blind to a fact which he has himself admitted,
that a large portion of the citizens of that State
are bitteily opposed to the Camden and Amboy
monopoly, and that their opposition reflects
credit upon their sagacity and patriotism.
1 said, sir, that the necessity that called for the
action of Congress upon the bill now under dis-
cussion was pressing and apparent. In proof of
this, Jet me take a glance at the amount of our
inter-State commerce. The tonnage that comes
into New York from the "Vtfest and the East is
ttipre than quadruple all of our external com-
merce; that is to say, our home commerce ex-
ceeds our trade with foreigners in the proportion
of four to one. Now, the State of New Jersey
sustains a peculiar geographical relation to the rest
of the country. On her east is the metropolis of
the nation, the great city that numbers its popu-
lation by millions, the type of our common pros-
perity, and the receiving and distributing res-
ervoir of the nation's wealth. On her west is
Pennsylvania with her splendid capital. Her own
entire length is about a hundred miles. The great
West is obliged to traverse her territory in order
to get to the sea. Hersoil isapart of the national
highway. Shall she be allowed to obstruct, in
any manner or to any extent, this highway of the
people? Shall she exact a penalty from travelers
who cross her borders, and put the advantage de-
rived from the extortion in the pockets of her own
citizens ? And yet this is what New Jersey is do-
ing to-day, and has been doing since 1832; and
to break this up, and restore the guarantees of the
Constitution, is one of the objects of the bill be-
fore the Senate. The Camden and Amboy charter
was granted in 1830. In 1831 the monopolists
procured a legislative amendment of it. This
amendment provided, among other things, that
when any 6ther railroad for the transportation of
passengers and property between New York and
Philadelphia, across New Jersey,should be con-
structed and used for that purpose, under any law
of the State itself, or of the United States, author-
izing or recognizing said road, that then the divi-
dends which the Camden and Amboy railroad had
stipulated to pay New Jersey for their charter,
should be no longer payable to the State, and that
the stock also paid to the State for the same pur-
pose should be retransferred to the company. It
will be thus seen that no hardship is to be expe-
rienced by these monopolists if the bill before the
Senate becomes a law. Very early in their cor-
porate existence the monopolists guarded them-
selves against the ill consequences of what they
foresaw must inevitably occur, and both the State
of New Jersey and the monopolists have joined
in a cognovit of the power of Congress to do what
the advocates of this bill are striving to have done.
I repeat here, sir, that the necessity which calls
for our action is pressing and apparent. Let me
cite facts and figures for our information and guid-
ance. Andin the first place,isnot thatastrange
rule by which a railroad company charges its
through passengers more than it charges its way
passengers? This is the rule that prevails with
the Camden and Amboy monopolists. Inquiring
for the reason of the rule, we find that it is de-
signed to tax passengers of other States whose
business or pleasure takes them across her bor-
ders more in proportion for transit than is paid
or required from citizens of New Jersey, passing
from place to place within her lines. So, too,
with the price she exacts compared with the rates
of charges of other railroads. The monopolists
charge three dollars for carrying you from New
York to Philadelphia, a distance of ninety miles.
From New York to Albany, a distance of one
hundred and fifty-two miles, at least two lines of
railroads carry passengers at the rate of three dol-
lars per head. Senators who will take the trouble
to pursue the comparison will find that this Cam-
den and Amboy Company charge for the transit
of passengers nearly twice as much as any other
railroad corporation outside of New Jersey. The
citizens of New Jersey pay one and forty-seven
hundredths cent per mile transit to the Camden
and Amboy road; the citizens of all the other
States are obliged to pay to the same road for pre-
cisely the same accommodations over three cents
per mile. For carrying freight across New Jer-
sey the monopolists charge $7 40 per ton; more
than is charged for carrying it from New York
to Buffalo, a distance of some five hundred and
forty miles. Last year, so the report of the com-
pany itself states, they carried six hundred and
forty thousand thronghpassengers. Sir, this makes
$640,000 extracted from the pockets of the citi-
zehs of other States, illegally and unfairly ex-
tracted, and put into the pockets of citizens of
New Jersey. Now, my objection is not that this
corporation has made immense sums of money.
1 find no fault with this as such. My objection
is not so much that New Jersey granted the ex-
clusive privilege, and that this corporation have
enjoyed its benefits until now, as that the time has
come when the necessities of the nation impera-
tively demand that the monopoly should cease.
How are we situated here in Washington to-day ?
I think it will be found on examination that this
is the only capital that has not more than one
avenue of approach to or retreat from it. Is it
not most extraordinary that the exception should
be the capital of the nation, the political center
of the Republic, to which Senators and Repre-
sentatives have to come from the Pacific coast and
far-offNebraska? Sir, I stood here in April, 1861,
when by the burning of a single bridge over Gun-
powder creek the capital was actually beleag-
ured, and the most painful and nervous apprehen-
sions were felt throughout all the land lest the
arch-rebel should put into execution his threat of
wintering in Washington. This state of things
is not only not wise, but discreditable and intol-
erable. It oughtnotto be endured an hour. The
avenues of approach to this capital should be
numbered by tens, instead of one, so that if an
enemy seizes any of them, others and enough
shall be left over and along which soldiers and
supplies can be transported as occasion requires.
These propositions are self-evident, and yet here
lies New Jersey right across the pathway of the
nation's necessities, giving herself no concern on
the subject, and clamoring about what she calls
the sacredness of her franchises. Washington
may be invaded and destroyed, but not a citizen
or a soldier can cross New Jersey to the relief of
the capital, unless he consents to come in the way
and at the time dictated by the Camden and Am-
boy railroad.
But my friend from New Jersey [Mr. Ten
Eycr] says this monopoly will soon expire. Sir,
I am half a century old and 1 have never seen a
monopolydie. I want to attend the funeral of the
first one. Why, sir, this one died years ago by
limitation, but the Legislature of New Jersey
called it from its grave, and Dives, not Lazarus,
came forth with anew lease of more than original
life. The Raritan and Delaware Bay Railroad
Company, in anticipation of the demise of Cam-
den and Amboy, sought and received a charter
from New Jersey, but in eight days after the
charter was granted the old monopoly was more
alive than ever. And yet my friend tells me it is
going to die ! Sir, everything else in New Jeisey
will die first. I give the Senator notice that this
corporation will not die. It has too much vital-
ity, and if the honorable Senator flatters himself
that it will expire in 1869 he had better at once
disabuse his mind. It will outlive his or my sen-
atorial career. It looks as if it might outlive the
Pyramids. It has as many hands as the head that
was seen in the vision had horns. In all the past
it has manipulated the State of New Jersey at
will, and in all the future the little State will be
managed by the big monopoly.
Wearelikewisetold that the rival railroad corpo-
ration in that State is a bankrupt concern. Neces-
sarily so. What but bankruptcy could you ex-
pect of a corporation that measured weapons with
this privileged monster? Yes, sir, and the nation
complains and has the right to complain that this
New Jersey monopoly bankrupts everything that
attempts to make commerce free. If the evil ef-
fafita^if her special legislation were confined to the
cilRens of her own State I would not complain,
although New Jersey created burdens which fell
crushingly upon a majority of her people. But I
do and will complain and protest against her at-
tempt to regulate the commerce of her sister States.
Let this Senate acknowledge that a State may
lawfully do what New Jersey has done in respect
of the monopoly, and it follows that "New Jer-
sey "and not " Congress"hasthe " power to reg-
ulate commerce among the several States." Let
the word "Congress" be stricken out of the third
subdivision of the eighth section in article first of
the Constitution, and the words " New Jersey"
be inserted in lieu thereof. Upon behalf of Ne-
vada, and for my eolleagueand myself, however,
I protest against the substitution. 1 invoke from
Congress the exercise of the power conferred upon
it by the Constitution, and the exercise of which
is a stern duty and a plain necessity. It is time,
sir, that we intervened upon behalf of the people.
Sir, I do not exaggerate when I say that mil-
lions of dollars would have been saved to the peo-
