m
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
d.uee the amount of revenue. I am not prepared
to say that I will do that, if that be the true rule,
tjiis amendment ought not to prevail, because it
will unquestionably reduce the revenue just to
the amount I have stated, $4 63 on every ton of
■paper when gold is at 225.
,Mr. GRIMES. I do not understand that we
are in such great straits for revenue as the Senator
from Pennsylvania seems to imagine. Since we
convened this morning we have passed a bill ap-
propriating $590,000a year, I believe, fora steam-
ship line, with the approbation, I think, of every
member of the Committee on "Finance except the
Chairman.
Mr. COWAN. I ask the honorable Senator
from Iowa whether I did not vote with him on
thatbill.
Mr. GRIMES. I thought otherwise.
■Mr. COWAN. If the Senator is of opinion
that we are in such straits, I ought also to have
credit for being of the same opinion.
Mr. GRIMES. All I have to say is that of the
gentlemen who are going to treat all those who
.are willing to reduce any particular tux as enemies
of the country—the Committee on Finance—five
out of seven voted for the proposition.
Mr. HOWE. I wish the Senator from Iowa
would except one more member of the Commit-
tee on Finance.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think a majority of the
Committee on Finance voted against that bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Buekalew, Davis, Grimes, Har-
lan. Henderson, Hendnck*, Howard, Lane of Indiana,
Morgan, Nesmith, Pomeroy, Powell, Richardson, Sauls-
buryi Sherman, Sumner, and Tiumhull—18.
NASTS — Messrs. Clark, Collamer, Conncss, Cowan,
Dixon, Dootltile, Farwcll, Foot, Foster, Harris, Johnson,
Morrill, Nye, Ramsey, Riddle, Spragne, Ten Eyck, Van
"Winkle, Wa^o, Wilkinson, Willey, and Wilson—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, OaHile, Chandler, Hale,
Harding, Howe, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Stewart, and
Wright—10.
So the amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The question recurring on the amendment of
the Committee on Finance,
Mr. GRIMES called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 30, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Collnnier, Conness,
Cowan, Davis, Dixon, Doolittie, Farwell, Foot, Foster,
Harris, Henderson, Howe, Johnson, Morrill, Nesmith, Nye,
Vomeroy, Ramsey, liiddle, Sherman, Spragne, Stewart,
Sumner, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, and Wil-
son—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Buekalew, Grimes, Harlan,
Hendricks, Howard, Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Powell,
Iticliardson, Saul&bury', Tmmbull, and Wilkmson—13.
ABSfiN'r—Messrs. Anthony, Carlile, Hale, Harding,
Lane of Kansas, McDougall, and Wright—7.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 offer the following amendment
as a new section:
jlnd be it further enacted, That from and after the 1st day
of April next the duties on the following articles imported
info the United Slates shall he as follows:
On teas of all kinds twelve and a half cents per pound.
On all sugars not above No. 12, Dutch standard tn color,
one and a half cent per pound.
On all sugars* above No. 12, and not above No. 15, Dutch
standard in color, two cents per pound.
On all refined sugar In the form of loaf, lump, crushed,
powdered,and pulverized granulated, and all stove-dried,
and other sugar above No. 20, Dutch standard in color, two
and a half cents per pound.
On molasses from sugar-cane, four cents per gallon.
On syrup of sugar-cane juice, meiado, concentrated me-
lado, or concentrated molasses, one and three fourth cents
per pound.
The present rates of duty on all imported coffees shall be
reduced one half of their amounts respectively.
I ask for the yeas and nays on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 7, nays 34; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Davis, Hendricks, Nesmith, Powell,
Jtiddle, Salisbury, and Wilkinson—7.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Chandler, Clark, Collamer,
Conness, Cowan, Dixon, Doolittie, Farvvell, Foot, Foster,
Hale, Harlan, Harris, Henderson. Howard, Howe, John-
Ron, Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Morrill, Nye, Pomeroy,
Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sntnner, Ten 12yck,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, and Wilson—34.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Urown, Carlile, Grimes,
Harding, Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Richardson, and
Wright—9.
So the amendment was rejected.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
as amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be en-
grossed, and tha resolution be read the third time.
The resolution was read the third time, and the
question being on its passage,
Mr. WADE called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 21, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Chandler, Conness, Davis,
Farwetl,Grimes, Harlan, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard,
Howe, Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Nye, Powell, Ramsey,
Sherman, Sumner, Trumbull, Willey, and Wilson—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Clark, Collamer, Cowan, Dixon, Doo-
littie, Foot, Foster, Hale, Harris, Johnson, Morrill, Riddle,
Saulsbury, Sprague, Stewart, Ten Eyck, Van Winkle,
Wade, and Wilkinson—i9.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Carlile, Harding,
Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Nesmitii, Pomeroy, Richard-
son, and 'Wright—10.
So the joint resolution was passed.
COMMITTEE ON THE CONDUCT OF THE WAR.
Mr. WADE. The committee on the conduct
of the war, who were instructed to inquire into
the character and efficiency of the heavy ord-
nance now provided for the armament of fortifi-
cations, and the mode of fabrication, and ths
amount of royalty paid, have instructed me to
make a report, accompanied by the evidence on
the subject. 1 move that the report and evidence
be printed,and referred to the Committee on Na-
val Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
NAVY-YARD ON THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 move to print two thousand
extra copies of the report of the commission au-
thorized to inspect and report upon a site for ft
navy-yard on the Mississippi river or its tribu-
taries.
The motion was referred to the Committee on
Printing, under the rules.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
443) to incorporate the Frcedman's Saving and
Trust Company; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the select committee on slavery
and freedmen, and ordered to be printed.
LOYAL EAST TENNESSEE.
Mr. DOOLITTLE submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be in-
structed to inquire into the propriety of expending the sum
of $50,000 to pay for seeds and agricultural implements to
be distributed among the loyal inhabitants of East Tennes-
see who have been stripped and impoverished on account
of their devotion to tile Government of the United States.
BRIDGE ACROSS TUB OIIIO.
Mr. POWELL. I move to take up the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote on the passage of the
bill (S. No. 392) supplementary to an act ap-
proved July 14, 1862, entitled uAn act to estab-
lish certain post roads." I will state that I do not
ask to haveitconsidered this evening, but simply
to take it up that it may be left as the unfinished
business for to-morrrow.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr.SHERMAN, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive business;
and after some time spent therein the doors w«re
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 13, 1865.
The House met at twelve o'clock, m. Prayer
by Rev. Dr. E. H. Grat.
The Journal of Saturday was read and approved.
COMMITTEE APPOINTED.
The SPEAKER stated that he had appointed
as the committee on the partof the House to join
the committee on the part of the Senate, to notify
the President and Vice President-elect of their
election, the gentlemen who were appointed tell-
ers on the part of the House to count the electoral
votes, namely: Mr. Wilson and Mr. Dawson.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER stated that the first business
in order during the morning hour was the call of
States for bills and joint resolutions, to be re-
ferred and not to be brought back by motion to
reconsider.
RAILROAD LAND GRANT TO MICHIGAN.
Mr. DRIGGS introduced a bill making a grant
of public lands to the State of Michigan to aid
in the construction of a railroad in said State;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands.
ATTORNEY GENERALS OFFICE.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE introduced a bill amend-
atory of the acts relating to the Attorney Gen-
eral's Office, and to fix the compensation of his
assistants and clerks; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
SALARY OF DISTRICT JUDGE OF KANSAS.
Mr. WILDER introduced a bill to increase the
salary of the district judge for the district of Kan-
sas; which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
PAY OF CERTAIN OFFICERS OF THE ARMY.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, introduced a bill for an
act entitled " An act to amend an act to amend
section nine of the act approved July 17, 1863,
entitled 'An act to define the pay and emolument
of certain officers of the Ai my, and for other pur-
poses,' " approved April 9,1864; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
THE PEACE CONFERENCE.
The SPEAKER. The call of States for bills
and resolutions having been finished, during the
remainder of the morning hour resolutions are in
order. At the expiration of the morning hour on
Monday last a resolution was pending, offered
by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,] on which
no quorum voted. The question recurs on the
passage of the resolution, which will be read.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved, That the President of tiie United States, in
endeavoring to ascertain the disposition ot the insurgents
in anus against the authority ot the Federal Government,
■with a view to negotiations for peace and a lestoration of
the Union, is entitled to the gratitude of a suffering and
distracted country ; and that with a similar view lie bo
respectfully requested to omit no honorable exei lions
winch may lead to the desired object, to wit: peace and
union.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
pending.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman from
Ohio withdraw his resolution for the present,and
allow me to offer one?
Mr. COX. 1 withdraw it temporarily.
PICTURE FOR THE CAPITOL.
Mr. SCHENCK introduced a joint resolution
authorizing a contract with Wiliiam H. Powell
fora picture for the Capitol; which was read a
first and second time.
The joint resolution directs the Joint Commit-
tee on the Library to enter into a contract with
William H. Powell, of the State of Ohio, to paint
a picture for the United States, to be placed at the
head of one of the grand staircases in the Cap-
itol, illustrative of some naval victory, the par-
ticular subject of the painting to be agreed on by
the committee and the artist, provided that the
entire expense of said picture shall not exceed
$25,000, $2,000 to be paid to Mr. Powell in ad-
vance, to enable him to prepare for the work,and
the remainder of the installments at intervals of
not less than one year, the last installment to be
retained until the picture is completed arid put up.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 demand the previous ques-
tion.
On the second for the demand for the previous
question, there were—ayes 55, noes 27; no quo-
rum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and appointed
Messrs. Schenck and Holman as tellers.
The House divided, and the tellers reported-
ayes 61, noes 32.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be put.
Mr. DRIGGS. I move to lay the joint resolu-
tion on the table; and upon that motion I de-
mand the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentlemaft will
allow the yeas and nays to be taken on the pas-
sage of the joint resolution.
Mr. DRIGGS. Well, I withdraw my motion.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
