1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ft?
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was Accordingly read the third time.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. DRIGGS. I demand the yeas and nays
on the passage of the joint resolution.
The Veas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BLAIR. I move to lay the joint resolution
on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I trust the gentleman will
let us take a direct vote on the joint resolution.
.Mr. BLAIR. Very well; I withdraw my mo-
tion.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative; yeas 61, nays 60, not voting 61;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, An-
cona, Arnold, Ashley, Bailey, Bliss, Brandegee, Brooks,
James S. Brown, Chanler, CofTroth, Cole, Cox, Dawson,
Deming, Denison, Eckley, Edgerton, Eldridge, Garfield,
Griswold, Hall, Herrick, Hutchms, Ingersoll, Philip John-
son, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, King, Law,Lazear, Le
Blond, Long, Mallory, Marvin, McAlh&ter, MeBride, Mc-
Kinuey, Moorhead, Morrill, Morrison, Nelson, Charles
O'Neill, John O'Neill, Pendleton, Pomeroy, Alexander H.
Rice, James S. Rollins, Schenck, Scott, Stiles, Strouse,
Sweat, Wadsworth, Whaley, Joseph YV. White, Wilder,
Woodbridge, Worthington, and Ycaman—61.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Bea-
man, Blair, Boutwell, Boyd, Broomall, William G. Brown,
Ambrose VV. Clark, Clay, Cobb, Dawes, Dixon, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eliot, Finck, Gannon, Hale, Haiding, Charles M.
Harris, Higby, Holman, A>ahel W. Hubbard, John H. Hub-
bard, Hulburd, William Johnson, Julian, Kalhflei?.eh, Or-
lando Kellogg, Littlejohn, Loan, Longyear, McClurg, Mc-
Indoe, Mutdieton, SamuelF. Miller, Daniel Morris, Amos
Myers, Orth, Perham, Pruyn, William H. Randall, John H.
Rice, Edward II. Rolling Ross, Scofield, Shannon, Smith-
ers, Spalding, William G. Steele, Stevens, Thayer, Upson,
Van Valkeuburgh, William B. Washburn, Williams, Wil-
son, and Wmdom—60.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anderson, Au-
gustus C. Baldwin. Blaine, Blow, Freeman Claike,Cravens,
Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Duinont,
Eden, English, Farnsworth, Frank, Gooch, Grider, Giin-
nell, Harrington, Benjamin G. Harris, Hooper, llotchkiss,
Jenckes, Kasson, Keman, Knapp, Knox, Maroy, McDow-
ell, Willian^H. Miller, James R. Morri«, Leonard Myers,
Noble, Norton, Odell, Patterson, Perry, Pike, Price, Rad-
ford, Samuel J. Randall, Uobm&on, Rogers, Sloan, Smith,
Starr, John B. Steele, Stuart,'! homas, Townsend, Tracy,
Voorhees, Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, Webster, Wheeler,
Chilton A. White, Winfield, Benjamin Wood, and Fer-
nando Wood—61.
So the joint resolution was passed.
During the roll call,
Mr. WILSON stated that his colleague, Mr.
Grinnell, was detained from the House by in-
disposition.
The result of the vote was announced as above
recorded.
Mr. COX. I move to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and to lay
the motion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. UPSON. I demand the yeas and nays on
the latter motion.
Mr. COX. I withdraw the motion.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. IIickey,
their Chief Clerk, informed the House that the
Senate had passed bill of the House No. 649,
making appropriations for the legislative, execu-
tive,and judicial departments of the Government,
for the year ending June 30, 1866, with amend-
ments, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
I'EACE CONFERENCE.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the resolution of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Cox,] which was temporarily laid aside this morn-
ing for the introduction of the joint resolution just
disposed of. On this resolution the previous ques-
tion has been moved.
Mr. COX. As we had a very satisfactory vote
on this question the otherday, I will not press the
resolution further. I withdraw it.
DESTITUTION AMONG COLORED PEOPLE.
Mr. ASHLEY. I offer the following pream-
ble and resolution, on which I demand the pre-
vious question:
Whereas it is reported that in consequence of the rebel-
lion and since the proclamation of emancipation, a large
number of women find children of the frocdmcn have, as a
military necessity, been brought out of the St.ites of Vir-
ginia, Maryland, and other States, and left in and around the
national capital; and wiiereas it is reported that already
many of such persons have died for want of food, cloth-
ing, and fuel; and whereas it is reported that many of the
husbands of said women and the fathers of said children
are now in the service of the United States and lighting in
defense of the Government: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the truth of such reports, and that
said committee report what action, if any, is proper for this
House to take in the premises; andthatthey have leave to
report by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the preamble and resolution were agreed
to.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution and preamble were
adopted; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL FREEDMEN'S RELIEF ASSOCIATION.
Mr. SPALDING. I offer the following reso-
lution,on which I demand the previous question:
Resolved, That the use of this Hall be granted to the Na-
tional Freedmen's Relief Association, on Sunday evening,
the 26th instant, for the purpose of holding a meeting in aid
of the object of said association, and especially to provide
means of relief for the suffering men, women, and children
of that class now in the city of Washington.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania. Would it
be in order to move that the spring elections be
held in this Hall? [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. It would not.
The previous question was seconded; there
being, on a division—ayes sixty-three, noes not
counted.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. MALLORY. I demand the yeas and nays
on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 71, nays 36, not voting 75;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Arnold, Ashley, John D. Bald-
win, Baxter, Beaman, Blaine, Boutwell, Boyd, BroomaM,
James S. Brown, William G. Brown. Ambrose W, Clark,
Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Cole, Dawes, Deming, Dixon,
Donnelly, Drtggs, Eckley, Eliot, Garfield, Hale, Higby,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, John li. Hubbard, Hul-
burd, lngersoll, Julian, Kelley, Francis W. Kellogg, Or-
lando Kellogg, Knox, Littlejohn, Loan, Longyear. McClurg,
Mclndoe, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Darnel Morris,
Charles O'Neill, Orth, Perham, Pike, Pomeroy, William
H. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, John H. Rice, Edward H.
Rollins, Scofield, 'Shannon, Smithers, Spalding, Stevens,
Thayer, Tracy, Upson, Van Valkeuburgh, William B.
Washburn, Webster, Whaley, Williams, Wjlder, Wilson,
Wmdom, Woodbridge, and Worthington—71.
# NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Blair, Bliss,
Brandegee, Clay, Henry Winter Davis, Dawson, Denison,
Edgerton, Eldridge, Finck, Ganson, Glider, Harding, Ben-
jamin G. Huiris, Holman, Philip Johnson, William John-
son, Kalbfleisch, Le Blond, Long, Mallory, McKinney,
William H. Miller,Morrison, Nelson, John O'Neill, Pendle-
ton, James S. Rollins, Ross, John B. Steele, William G.
Steele, Stiles, Thomas, and Joseph W. White—36.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. William J. Allen, Alley, Alli-
son, Anderson, Batly, Augu^tusC. Baldwin, Blow,Brooks,
Chanler, Coffroth, Cox, Cravens, Creswell, Thomas T.
Davis, Dumont, Eden, English, Farnsworth, Frank, Gooch,
Grinnell, Guswold, Hail, Harrington, Charles M. Harris,
Herrick, Hooper, Hutchms, Jenckes, Kasson, Keman,
King, Knapp, Law, Lazear, Marcy, Marvin, McAllister,
McBnde, McDowell,Middleton, Morrill, JamesR. Morns,
Amos Myers, Leonard Myers, Noble, Norton, Odell, Pat-
terson, Perry, Price, Pruyn, Radford. Samuel J. Randall,
Robinson, Rogers, Schenck, Scott, Sloan, Smith, Starr,
Strouse, Stuart, Sweat, Townsend, Voorhees, Wadsworth,
Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, Wheeler, Chilton A. White,
Winfield, Benjamin Wood, Fernando Wood, and Yea-
man—75.
So the resolution was adopted.
During the roll-call,
Mr. COBB stated that his colleague, Mr. Sloan,
was absent on account of sickness in his family.
Mr. SPALDING moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled joint resolution and bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker signed
the same:
Joint resolution (S. No. 91) appointing Gen-
era! Richard Delafieid to be a regent of the Smith-
sonian Institution;
An act (H. R. No. 517) to incorporate the
National Union Insurance Company of Wash-
ington; and
An act (S. No. 281) for the relief of Alexander
J. Atocha.
RESTORATION OF THE UNION;
Mr. DAWSON submitted the fallowing reso>
lution,and demanded the previous question on its.,
adoption:
Whereas the American people have now been.engapfd
in a civil war of gigantic dimensions for nearly four y^Srs,'
which has resulted in frightful destruction of hfe^prog^u*,^
and treasure, creating an enormous public deht, inj
the most oppressive taxes, covering the [and \vith afflic-
tion, corrupting the general morals, and putting in peFH the
liberties of the nation; and whereas on the part of thfe
United States and the people of the States which adnere to
this Government this is, and ought to be, a war golely to
vindicate the Constitution and restore the laws to their
just supremacy, and to that we are hound by our oaths and
by our solemn pledges made in the face of the warid when
the war commenced: Therefore,
Resolved, That the President of the United States be re-
quested to use all honorable and jusst means to bring about
a lasting peace and the reestablishment of fraternal rela-
tions among all the people by a restoration of the Union
upon the simple and just basis of the Constitution and
laws, with every proper guarantee to the southern States
that they shall be protected in the full enjoyment of their
rights, and that undisturbed control of their own local
affairs which the Federal Constitution was intended to
secure to them and to us.
Mr. THAYER moved that the resolution- be
laid on the table.
Mr. DAWSON demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas, 73, nays 44, not voting 65;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Anderson, Ashley, Bally, John
D. Baldwin, Beaman, Blaine, Boutwell, Boyd, Brandegee,
Broomall, Ambrose W. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Cobb,
Cole, Dawes, Deming, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley,
Eliot, Garfield, Hale, Higby, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard,
John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, lngersoll, Julian,Kasson, Kel-
ley, Francis W. Kellogg, Orlando Kellogg, Knox, Little-
john, Longyear, Marvin, MeBride, McClurg, Mclndoe,
Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Daniel Morris, Amos
Myers, Charles O'Neill, Orth, Perham, Pomerov, William
H. Randall, Alexander H.Rice, John II. Rice, Edward H.
Rollins, Schenck, Scofield, Shannon, Snnthers, Thayer,
Thomas, Tracy, Upson, Van Valkeuburgh, William B.
Washburn, Webster, Whaley, Williams, Wilder, Wilson,
Windom, Woodbridge, and Worthington—73.
NAYS—Messrs. James C. Allen, Ancona, Bliss, Brooks,
William G. Brown, Chanler, Clay, Coffroth, Cox, Cravens,
Dawson,Denison, Edgerton, Eldridge, Finck, Grider, Hall,
Harding, Charles M. Harris, Herrick, Holman, Philip John-
son, William Johnson, Kalbfleisch, King, Lazear, Le
Blond, Mailory, McAllister, Middleton, William H. Miller,
James It. Morris, Morrison, Nelson, John O'Neill, Pcndle 
ton, James S. Rollins, Ross, William G. Steele, Stiles,
Sweat, Wadt-worth, Joseph W. White, and Yeaman—44.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. William J. Allen, Allison,
Ames, Arnold, Augustus C. Baldwin, Baxter, Blair, Blow,
James S. Biown, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas
T. Davis, Dumont, Eden, English, Farnsworth, Frank,
Ganson, Gooch. Grinnell,Griswold, Harrington, Benjamin
G. Harris, Hotchkiss, Hutchms, Jenckes, Keman, Knapp,
Law, Loan, Long, Marcy, McDowell, McKinney, Leonard
Myers, Noble, Norton, Odell, Patterson, Perry, Pike, Price,
Pruyn, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Robinson, Rogers,
Scott, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr, John B.Steele, Ste-
ven?, Strouse, Stuart, Townsend, Voorhees, Ward, Elihu
R. Washburne, Wheeler, Chilton A. White, Winfield,
Benjamin Wood, and Fernando Wood—65.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
PEACE.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following res-
olution, and demanded the previous question on
its adoption:
Resolved, 1. That there is no power under the Constitu-
tion, in any branch of this Government, to treat with tiie
States confederated in rebellion against it, either tor tjje
severance of this Union or for the abrogation of any articlc
of its fundamental law.
Resolved, 2. That inasmuch as the said confederated
States have taken up arms against the Government of the
United Slates without any just provocation, and for the
avowed purpose of asserting and establishing their inde-
pendence thereof, and still persist in maintaining that posi-
tion by armed resistance to its authority: and inasmuch
also as the public authorities of this nation have not only
declared, as was their duty, that they can accept no terms
and entertain no propositions for anytbingshortof absolute
and unconditional submission to its laws, and with a clem-
ency and magnanimity almost without example in history
have proclaimed a general amnesty, without limits as to
ume, to t uch of the malefactors as shall return to their
duty, with the exception only of the chief conspirators:
It is hereby declared to be the bense of this House that
this Government has already exhausted aii the resources
of a just and wise statesmanship—except so far as re-
gards the further earnest and vigorous prosecution of tlwj
war for the enforcement ofthe law*—in the effort to restore
peace to this nation, and has, to this end, done all that a
proper regard for its own interests can allow, and all that
a decent respect for the opinions of the world could demand
of it; and that therefore any further overtures through eift-
busMies, public or private, official or unofficial, looking to
treaty or compromise with the usurpers at Richmond,
would be not only unprofitable, as they would be inconsist-
ent with the rights and dignity of this nation, but are to bo
deprecatcd as absolutely mischievous, in giving encourage*
. ment to the insurgents and protracting their resistance, by
exposing us to misconstruction, and giving color to the
