778
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
delusion that we mistrust our ability to subdue them to obe-
dience, and are ready to accept something shortof the res-
toration of the Union and the unconditional submission of
those who have rebelled against it.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded'the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOLMAN asked that the resolution be
divided.
Mr. MORRILL. As I consider this a resolu-
tion we ought to consider, and in order that we
may see it in print, I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the House resolve itselfinto the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the stale of the Union.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order. The
main question has been ordered and must now be
put.
Mr. ASHLEY moved to reconsider the vote,
by which the main question was ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeasand nays.
Mr. ARNOLD. If I getan opportunity I pro-
pose to offer an amendment.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved that the resolution be
laid on the table; and demanded the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decidcd it)
the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 52, not voting 58;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J. Allen, Al-
ley, Ame^, Ancona, Anderson, Baily, Blair, Bout-
well, Iliandcgpft, Brooks, James S. Brown, William (r.
Brown, Chanler, Ambrose VV. Clark, Clay, Cofftoth, Cox,
Cravens, Dawes, Dawson, Ueni>on, Duuiont, Eckley, Ed-
gerton, Elclndg0;E!i0t,Fmck, Frank, Gooch, Gilder. Hale,
Harding, Benjamin G. Harris:, Charles. M. Harris, Merrick,
tfobnan, Hooper, John II. Hubbard, Huteluny, Philip John
ton, William Johnson, Kulbtt<M>ch, Kasson, Oilando Kel-
losg, Law, Lazear, Le Blond,Long, Malloiy, MeKmnoy
Middleton, William If. Miller, Mori ill, James R. Moms,
Morrison, Nelson, Pendleton, Pike, Pomcioy, Piuyn, Al-
exander H. ltice, James S. Rollins, Ro<s , Spalding, VViJham
G. Steele, Utiles, Townsend, Wadswouh, Webster, and
Joseph W. White—72.
NAY£—Mcsms. Ashley, John D. Baldwin, Baxter, Bea-
n>an, Blaine, Boyd, Bioomnll, Fieeman Claike, Cobb,
Cole, Diton, Donnelly, Driggs, Iligby, A^ahel VV. Hub-
bard, lltilburd, Inger>oll, Julian, Ko'lley, Francis \V Kel-
logg, Knox, Loan, Longyear, Marvin, MeClurg, Mcfndoe,
Daniel Morris, Moorehead, Amos IVhers, Ch.nles O'Neill,
Orth, Patterson. Perham, William H. Randall, John H.Rice,
Edward H. Rollins, Schenclv, Scofield, Shannon, tfm'tliei^,
Starr, Thayer, Tracy, Up<on, Van Valkenbuigh, Wiihum
B. Washburn, Williams, Wilder, Wilson,YVmdom, Wood-
biidge. ami Worthinytou—52.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Allison, Arnold, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Blow, Creswell, Henry Winter Davis, Thomas
T. Davis, Demlng, Eden, Engh>h, Farnsworth, Gannon,
Garfield, Grinncll, Gn&wold, Hall, Ilanington, Hotchktss,
Jenekes, Kcrnan, King, Knapp, Littlejohn, Maicy, McAl-
lister, MeBride, McDowell, Samuel I<\ Miller, Leonaid
Myers, Noble, Norton, Odell, Joint O'Neill, Perry, Price,
Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Holnn&on,Rogers, Scott, Sloan,
Smith, John B. Steele, Stevens, Strouse, Stuart, Sweat,
Thomas, Voorhees, Ward, Klihu B. Washburne, Whaley,
Wbeelei, Ciniion A. White, Winfieid, Benjamin Wood,
Fernando Wood, and Yeaiuan—58.
So the resolution was laid on the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved tlnit the vote by which
the resolution introduced by Mr. Dawson was
iftid on the table be reconsidered; and also moved
that the motion to reconsidcrbe laid-on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXEMPTION FROM MILITARY 6KKYICH.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, (the morning
hour having expired,) a&ked unanimous consent
to introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That any per>on having served tluougb the
Mexican war and honorably dischatged, and m a<ldition
having served a regular enlistment m the present rebellion,
shall be forever exempt from military service.
Mr. BOUTWELL objected.
FORT IN SOUTHWEST MISSOURI.
Mr. BOYD, by unanimous consent, presented
the memoiiai of the Legislature of the State of
Missouri to the President, the Congress of the
United States, and to the Secretary of War, ask-
ing for a fortor garrison to be established near the
southwest corner of the State; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
COMPENSATION OF MEMBERS OF CONGRESS, ETC.
Mr. JOHNSON, of Pennsylvania, asked unan-
imous consent to introduce the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means be
instructed to bring in a bill increa-uig the compensation of
members and employe-or Congress, and of the clerks, mes-
senger*, and other similar officers and employasof tht1 Gov-
ernment in this city, in piopomon to tiie veiy largely in-
creased cost of living in this city over former rates and over
the present cost of living m other cities of the United States.
Mr. BALDWIN, of Masschusetts, objected.
QUOTAS OF THE DIFFERENT STATES.
Mr. CHANLER asked unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be hereby directed
to communicate to this House at an early day the basis upon
which the quotas of the different districts of each State
have been established and adjusted under each of the sev-
eral calls for troops by the President of the United States,
together with a detailed statement of the number of troops
and seamen furnished by each State and district since the
outbreak of the rebellion, with their rebpecuve terms of ser-
vice.
Mr. SPALDING objected.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had examined
and found truly enrolled an act (H. R. No. 705)
for the relief of collectors and surveyors of the
customs in certain cases; when the Speaker signed
the same.
PRINTING BUREAU OF TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House, a communication from the
Treasury Department, giving additional informa-
tion in reply to a resolution of the House, of Jan-
uary 24,1865, calling for information in regard to
the Prating Bureau of the Treasury Department;
which was laid on the table, and ordered to be
printed.
CLERKS IN TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Treasury Department giving a list of clerks and
other persons employed in the Treasury Depart-
ment during the year 1864; which was laid on
the table,and ordered to be printed.
CLERKS IN INTERIOR DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Interior giving the names of clerks
and others employed in the Department of the
Interior during the year ending December 31,
1864; which was laid on the table,and ordered to
be printed.
NATIONAL ACADEMY OP SCIENCES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent^
laid before the House a communication from
Professor A. D.Baehe, transmittingareportof the
operations of the National Academy of Sciences
during the last year; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. PATTERSON. In connection with that
communication 1 offer the following resolution:
Revolved, That in addition to the u«ual number, there
be pi iiiu>d of the Annual Report of the National Academy of
Science* for 1864, five hundred extra copies, for the use of
the Acadcmy.
The resolution was referred, under the rules, to
the Committee on Printing.
TAX BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union upon the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itselfinto the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Pomeroy in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the tax bill.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The following clause was read:
That section ninety be amended by striking out all after
the enacting clause and inserting m lieu thereof the follow-
ing: a Tii,it any person, firm, company, or corporation,
now or heieatter engaged in the manufacture of tobacco,
snuff, or cigars of any description whatsoever, shall be, and
hereby is required to make outand deliver to the assistant
assessor of the assessment dtstiict a true statement or in-
ventory of the quantity of each of the different kinds of to-
bacco, snuff-flour, snuff, cigars, tui-toil, licorice, and t-tems
held or owned by htui or them on the day this act takes
efleet or at the tune of commencing business under this act,
setting forth what portion of said goods was manufactured
or pioduced bv him or them, and what was purchased from
others, whether die wins;, smoking, fine-cut, shorts, pressed
plug, snutf flour or piepated snuff, or cigars, winch state-
ment or inventory slmil be verified by the oath or affirma-
tion of Mich person or persons, and be in manner and form
as pi escribed by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
and the said person, firm, company, or corpoiation, engaged
as afoicsaid, on tiie let day of January in eveiy year heie-
after shall make out and deliver to the said assistant as-
sessor a true statement or inventory, in manner and form
as aforesaid, and verified as aforesaid, of all such articles
aforesaid then held or owned by him or them, netting forth
all and singular what is required to bo set forth in the state-
ment or inventory first aforesaid; and every such person,
company, or corporation shall keep in a book, in such man-
ner and form as said Commissioner may prescribe, an
accurate account of all the articles aforesaid thereafter
purchased by him or them, the quantity of tobacco, snuff,
snuff-flour, or cigars, of whatever description, sold, con-
Mimed, or removed for consumption or sale, or removed
from the place of manufacture; and he or they shall, on
or before tiie 10th day of each month,furnish to the assist-
ant assessor of the district a true and accurate copy of the
entries in said book during the preceding month, which
copy shall be verified by oath or affirmation, on the receipt
whereof an assessment of the duties due by said person,
company, or coipoiation, shall be immediately made and.
transmitted to the collector of the district, to whom said
duties shall be paid within five days thereafter; and in case
the duties shall not be paid within the said five days, the
said collector may, on one day's notice, distrain for the
same, with ten per cent, additional on the amount there-
of, subject to all the provisions of law relating to licenses,
returns, assessments, payments of taxes, hens, fines, penal-
ties, and forfeitures, not inconsistent herewith in the case
of other manufacturers; and such duty shall be paid by the
manufacturer or the person for whom the goods are manu-
factured, as the assessor may deem best for the collection
of thp revenue : Provided, That it shall be the duty of any
manufacturer or vender of tin-foil used in covering manu-
factured tobacco, on demand of any officer of internal rev-
enue, to render to such officer a cot reel statement, verified
by oath or affirmation, of the quantity and amount of tin-
foil sold or delivered to any person or persons named in
such demand ; and in ca«e of refusal or neglect to render
such statement, or of cause to believe such statement to
be incorrect or fraudulent, the assessor of the district may
cau«e an examination of persons, books, and papers to be
made in the same manner as provided in the fourteenth
section of this act: Provided, That manufactured tobacco,
snuff, or cigars, whether of domestic manufacture or im-
ported, may be transferred, without payment of the duty,
to a bonded warehouse, established in conformity with law
and Treasury regulations, under such rules and regulations
and upon the execution of such transportation bonds or
other seeurity as the Secretary ot the Treasury may pre-
senbe, said bonds or othcrsecuiity to be taken by the col-
lector of the distnct Irom which such removal is made;
and may be tnm^potted trom «uch warehouse to a bonded
warehouse u-^ed tor the Motage of merchandise at anv port
of entry, and may be withdrawn from bonded warehousefor
consumption on payment of the duty, or removed for export
to a foreign eouulty without pn\ment of duty in eonloimity ^
with the provision* of law relating to the removal of dis-
tilled spirits, all the mle*, regulation*, and conditions of
which, so far as applicable, shall apply to tobacco, snuff,
or cigars, in bonded warehouse. And no drawback shall
in any case be allowed upon any manufactured tobacco,
snuff, or cigars, upon which any excise duty has been paid,
either before or atter it has been placed in bonded ware-
house.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend that clause
by striking out in line two hundred and ninety-
nine the words " the day this act takes effect,"
and insert in lieu thereof the words "thelstday
of January in each year."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by striking
out the following words:
And the said person, firm, company, or corporation, en-
gaged as aforesaid, on the in day ot January in every year
hereafter, shall make out and deliver to the said assistant
assessor a true statement or inventory, in manner andform
as aforesaid, and verified as aforesaid, of all such articles
aforesaid then held or owned by him or them, setting forth
all and singular what is required to be set forth in the state-
ment or inventory first aforesaid.
Those words are not now necessary.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by insert-
ing the word "further" after the word "pro-
vided," in line three hundred and fifty-one. It
is merely a verbal amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by inserting
after the words " fin-foil," wherever they occur,
the words " or other materials."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by insert-
ing on page 17,in line threehundred and ninety-
seven, after the word "inspector" the words
" unless otherwise provided;" so that the clause
will read:
And any manufactured tobacco, snuff, and cigars, whether
o! domestic manufacture oi imported, which shall be sole!
or pass out of the hands of the manufacturer or importer,
except into a bonded warehouse, without the inspection
marks or stamps affixed by the inspector, unless otherwise
provided, shall be foifeited, and may be seized wherever
lound, and shall be sold, one halt of the proceeds of such
sale to be paid to the informer, and the other moietv to the
United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I believe there is an omission
in the same section to provide a penalty for the
unauthorized use of inspection marks. 1 ask leave
