APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 4,
38th- Cons. ... 2d Sess.
Board of Admiralty—Peace Negotiations—Mr. Wood.
Ho. of Reps.
of the States and the rights of the nation. For
thyself, I desire here to say, I reject the whole
theory of State sovereignty which the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale] hopes
will be preserved intact amid the confusion and
wreck of the present. He seems more solicitous
that States should live than that the nation should
not die. No, hardly that; but he did say it would
be difficult for him to choose between the two.
I am under no such embarrassment. I deny to
the State any sovereignty, de facto or dejure, as
against the nation. Each State in its own orbit
circles around the central Government as the
planets around the sun, but as the sun is the chief
of all these circling globes, so the national Gov-
ernment is the chief of all the States, and, allow-
ing of no rival sovereignty, secures to each its
exact measure of rights.
1 hope, sir, and believe that the ship of State
is safely over the dangerous shoals of separate
sovereignty, and that she will never again be ex-
posed to its treacherous quicksands.
The Senator from New Hampshire [Mr. Hale]
inquired, who asks for the adoption of this bill ?
Sir, the answer is at hand. The farmers of the
West ask it; every waving field of golden grain
upon the far-off prairie asks it. The manufac-
turers of the East ask it; every one of the million
spindles of New England, as it twirls to the hum
of its own music asks it. The traveling com-
munity asks it. Commerce asks it. Several
States, including the gieat State of New York,
ask it. Are all these to be denied? Are they to
be sacrificed to the happy geographical position
of one State, or is the effect which the passage of
the bill may have upon one monopoly to bn in-
terposed to defeat so national a measure ? The bill
is as broad as the Rcpubhc. it embraces thirty-
six stars, it applies as well tothe great railroad
now being opened up to the western coast as to
the Camden and Arnboy road. We are antici-
pating the hour when the whistle of the engine
shall be heard upon the mountain tops and through
the valleys of that distant portion of our country.
The State which 1 have the honor in part to rep-
resent lies at the very base of the occidental slope
of the Sierra Nevada. What would be said of an
attempt by her to impose a tax on passengers and
freight carried upon the X'acific railroad from the
Atlantic across her territory? How long would
such a tax be submitted to? Would not the
Senators from New Hampshire and New Jersey,
if they visited that country, as I hope they may,
be the first to exclaim against the imposition ? if
it were wrong in Nevada, is it right in New Jersey ?
JVJr. President, I beg pardon of the distinguished
Somvors from New York [Mr. Morgan and
Mr. Harris] for having so often spoken of that
in the course of my remarks, but it will
req"i!f> long years to make me forget that that
State was my home, i love her people, and 1
thin* they love me. I have not meant to tres-
pass upon ihe prerogatives of her Senators, or to
«peui. ijr the State they ably represent; but, sir,
if the attention of her people was fully directed
<o tho wrong that is being committed against
thems (he Empire State would find means to pro-
;oct her sons from the immoderate and anti-
Amenean exaetionsof this overgrown monopoly.
Already her Legislature has spoken on this sub-
ject, and she waits, as we all wait, patient but
that Congress will, without delay, by
fSuch is gislation as maybe necessary, secure to
the Gluteus of each State all privileges and lm-
tAunihis of citizens in the several States." In
ihia hope and belief, sir, I rest the case.
' Board of Admiralty—Peace Negotiations,
yPEHOH OP HON. FERNANDO WOOD,
OF NEW YOIUC,
In the House or Representatives,
February 4, 1865.
TJk ..aval nppropviutton bill being under discussion in
0.-.vwi.iu<*e of the Whole on the state of the Union,
;,:ti lilt' niinit'dintc question being on an amendment offered
L v Uq  . Henry Winter Davis, of Maryland, to create a
kio rd. i Admiialty—
'ivti. FERNANDO WOOD said:
•vlu Chairman: In the remarks I intend to
imke upon this question, I do not propose to
follow in the line of or paVticipate in the discus-
sion of yesterday, so far as that discussion re-
ferred to the administration of the Naval Depart-
ment. It is not my duty to defend the Secretary
of the Navy, it is'not my purpose or disposi-
tion to assail him. Doubtless, sir, much of the
criticism of the gentleman from Maryland \Vith
reference to the administration of its affairs was
well founded. I have no doubt that there are men
in the country who could have conducted that
Department with more efficiency, with more suc-
cess, and in a mode that would have been less
liable to justify the assaults which have been made
upon it in both wings of the Capitol. But I am
not disposed to hold the Secretary of the Navy
responsible forthe results of all the naval engage-
ments since the commencement of this war. I am
not disposed to hold responsible the head of any
Department for its failure to accomplish all that
was expected of him; because, in my judgment,
the man does not live who is capable of meeting
the responsibility successfully that this stupen-
dous war has imposed upon the Executive Depart-
ments of our Government.
Therefore, so far as the administration of those
Departments is concerned 1 am willingforone to
be liberal and to exercise a spirit of indulgence
with reference to the discharge of their duties. 1
will not, therefore, participate in that discussion,
but have risen for the pmpose of saying a word
with reference to the amendment, in the way of
a proviso, offered by the gentleman from Mary-
land. it is a proposition to establish a board of
naval administration, or a Board of Admiralty.
It proposes to create a board consisting of five
officers of the Navy, one of whom shall be of the
rank of rear admiral, and the remainder commo-
dores and captains, and that this board shall ad-
vise with the Secretary of the Navy and share his
responsibility. It provides that this board shall
deliberate in common and advise with that officer,
and that no vessel-of-war shall be built or mate-
rially altered, nor any engine ordered, nor indeed
any repairs of any consequence performed, except
by and with the advice and consent of this Board
of Admiralty.
1 understood the gentleman from Maryland
[Mr. Dayjs] to say yesterday that he is in earnest
in offering this amendment, and that he intends
to press its adoption by this committee, and he
justified it in his usual astute manner by reference
not only to the policy of England, but also by
allusions to the inefficiency of the head of the
Department,
Now, so far as this board is to be constructed
on the English plan, I apprehend that there is no
analogy between the English system and our own.
What constitutes the executive power of Eng-
land? Not the queen. The executive power of
England is vested in the ministry. The execu-
tive power of the United States is, under the Con-
stitution, vested in the President of the United
States. The President of the United States, by
our fundamental law, is made the sole and only
executor of our national affairs, and he is respon-
sible to the people and not to Congress. The Sec-
retary of the Navy is simply his subordinate; he
is responsible to the President of the United States,
the chief executive officer of the country, and not
to the Congressof the United States. The Presi-
dent is not only by the Constitution the Chief Ex-
ecutive, but he is more than that, which refers
directly and explicitly to this proposed bureau
itself; he is Commander-in-Chiefof the Army and
Navy of the United States. The President of the
United States is the head of th^Navy Depart-
ment, clothed by the organic law with the sole
and exclusive management of that Department,
subject of course to such laws as the Congress of
the United States may make in pursuance and not
in contravention of the Constitution. The Sec-
retary of the Navy is, therefore, his subordinate.
Now, sir, what does this amendment propose?
We propose to create, not a subordinate but a co-
ordinate department of the Navy. We propose
to make a Board of Admiralty clothed with equal
powers with the Secretary of the Navy, and, in
some regards, with superior power to that which
the Secretary of the Navy holds by law. Can
we do that ? Have we the power to designate
the officers and men, as it is proposed to do by
this amendment, who shall constitute a coordi-
nate executive department over and above and
against the powers and wishes of the President?
1 think not, sir; but had we the power, would it
make the Department more efficient to do that
which will of necessity create dissentient coun-
cils ? Can we remedy the defects that exist in the
Navy Department, and I do not deny their exist-
ence, by creating in its midst an antagonistic ele-
ment, thus invitingdivision,which is the mother of
all inefficiency in council as well as in execution ?
Sir, responsibility accompanies power, and
power must accompany responsibility,and I pre-
fer a concentration of responsibility and a con-
centration of power. 1 believe that that is the
purest element of republican government which
strengthens the Executive, and that is the best
and most simple form of executive power which
disembarrasses the agent of the people in the dis-
charge of the official duties confided to him.
Sir, what is our system? We have the legis-
lative department separate and independent; we
have the judiciary department separate and inde-
pendent; we have the executive department sep-
arate and independent; and Whereas in this coun-
try laws are simply the embodiment of the opin-
ions and wishes of the people, made by the agents
of the people in legislative capacity assembled,
where you give the Executive unrestricted power
to execute those laws you preserve the design
which the people had in the creation of those
laws through the instrumentality of their agents.
I hold, therefore, that in conformation to the
restriction of the fundamental law holding the
Executive to the strictest accountability to the
power that created him, he should be disembar-
rassed, unrestricted, and untrammeled. But, sir,
this amendment is based upon the theory that
naval officers are the most competent to discharge
these special duties. It provides for the appoint-
ment of five of the oldest, and, if you please, the
ablest, officers of the Navy, to constitute this
Board of Admiralty, and the presumption is that
they are to be selected from the very best-qualified
and most competent officers in the service.
Now, sii, such men's services are required on
the ocean. It would be an injury tothe service to
take men of this ability and capacity from the
proper sphere of their duties, and bring them to
this capital to do that which landsmen should do,
and that which, in my judgment, only landsmen
are qualified to do.
Again, sir, in the commercial marine it is the
experience of the merchants of the city of New
York that the men who are best qualified to sail
ships are not the best qualified to build them;
that one profession is separate and distinct from
the other; and it does not necessarily follow that
a man who has had long experience in sailing a
vessel and managing its affairs is qualified to con-
struct a vessel, to shape a model for a vessel; that
he knows more about the mechanical organiza-
tion of the vessel he commands than the humble
mechanic who has performed the work of con-
structing that vessel.
Steers, the celebrated constructor of the yacht
America, who founded a new school of naval
architecture, never was at sea before he conceived
the model. He improved upon the existing class
of models of his day, and constructed a yacht
which, after beating everything in America, was
taken to Europe, and beat everything there. Sir,
he was a boy from the ship-yards of New York;
and notonly have the bestand most fleetmerchant-
men been since modeled upon his idea m the con-
struction of yachts, but the best Government
vessels are modeled upon the same idea.
Hence it is that I contend that, were it right
to form this board; were it right to plant in any
Department of this Government an antagonistic
element leading to dissension and division there;
that were there no other objection to the passage
of this amendment, these men proposed to con-
stitute this board are, in my judgment, not neces-
sarily qualified, because they are naval officers,
to perform the duties which would be imposed
upon them. Upon this ground,if upon no other,
I should oppose the amendment.
Now, Mr. Chairman, a word as to the naval
appropriation bill itself. This bill proposes ap-
propriations in tho aggregateofsome$105,000,000,
as against $85,000,000 last year, and as against
$13,300,000 the year immediately preceding the
