1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
will accept that as a modification of my amend-
ment.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Chairman, 1 think that
any enlargement of the definition it is evident
will carry us into difficulty. Take devotional
books, for example. There is hardly a religious
book) or a book on a religious subject, that would
not be included under that denomination. Many
of them are elegantly bound, and are sold exclu-
sively for gifts at Christmas and other occasions.
Winle the committee desire, with other gentlemen
of the House, to exempt those books which are
really necessary as a part of die general education
of the country, they do not think it safe to extend
it beyond the common schools of the country.
I am willing to accept so much of the gentle-
man's amendment as refers to Bibles. I agree
with him on that. I congratulate him on his de-
sire to facilitate the reading of that Book. I trust
that with that exception the amendment will be
rejected, ap it would lead us into extreme difficulty.
Mr. TOWNSEND. 1 am glad that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Hale] has been accepted by the gentleman from
Ohio. In regard to what the gentleman on the
Committee of Ways and Means says, that the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio would
include an extensive number of books, i will re-
ply that these books include but a small propor-
tion of the aggregate number of books that are
published, 1 think that the language of the bill
is indefinite. It speaks of grammars, geographies,
and speliing-books. We all know that there are
various elementary books.
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman move
an amendment?
Mr. TOWNSEND. I was going to move to
strike out the last word, but 1 have said all that
] desire to say.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I propose to
amend by inserting after44 grammars"as follows:
Copy-books and school-books of the kinds commonly uj-eU
in common and primruy schools,ami all books printed ex-
clusively for the Us-e of Sunday-schools.
I move it as a substitute for the amendment of
the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. COX. I do not think that the gentleman
from Massachusetts has improved the original
amendment. There are a number of books upon
astronomy, botany, and kindred subjects, which
are not included in the gentleman's amendment.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. My amend-
ment covers all books used in common and pri-
mary schools.
Mr. COX. Docs the gentleman's expression
of common or primary schools include academies
or colleges;?
Mr. lllCE, of Massachusetts. I suppose not.
Mr. COX. Then suppose you insert acade-
mies and colleges.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman let me
make a suggestion?
Mr. COX. Certainly.
Mr. KASSON. When the subject was up in
committee we understood that the proposition of
the gentleman from Ohio would really include
from three fourths to four fifths of the trade car-
ried on in the country. We do not think it safe
to make so broad an exception.
Mr. COX. Mr. Chairman, I adopt the prin-
ciple of the committee, and I want it to be carried
* out, and that is to save education from taxation,
whether in the common school, academy, or col-
lege. The suggestion of the committee here is
to limit, not to exempt, these most valuable pub-
lications in respect to academies and colleges.
And I think the House ought to come up and
sustain that view of it. They exempt other ar-
ticles of manufacture. They exempted to-day
nine million pounds of maple sugar in one State,
because it was a home manufacture. Now this
thing is far more important in every sense of the
word than your maple sugar—to the young mind.
[Laughter.] The gentleman from Iowa accepts
my amendment as to Bibles. 1 would like to
know why the committee do notreport on Bibles.
Mr. KASSON. We expected opposition on
that point. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. 1 want to make Bibles cheap in the \
State of Iowa, and I want an educational system |
established throughout the whole land so that the i
Bible may be appreciated; and if the committee |
will assist me we will make it so broad and ex- j
tensive there will be no tax upon education. I i
think the great difficulty in this country is a lack
of education.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend the sub-
stitute by inserting "all other books used in all
other places." in my anxiety to promote the
cause of education I wish to be esteemed more
catholic than the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Cox.]
I go for sweeping away all obstruction. 1 am
induced to do this almost by the possibility of
the difficulty which the executors of the law will
find in carrying out the provisions of the amend-
ment proposed by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts. Who is to decide what books are edu-
cational, what would be used in colleges, and
what in academies?
Mr. COX. I will answer the gentleman: the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
Mr. MALLORY. You put into office in every
district of the United States a man who has a very
limited education, and who, in some instances,
knows hardly how to read and write,and sethim
up as a censor of the books of this country, and
empower him to decide what are properly educa-
tional books, and what are not. Now, I object
to that policy. That is the very point in the case
to which 1 object. What is to prevent the au-
thors and publishers of books, if they understand
that such books are to be exempt from taxation,
from printing upon the title-page of any work,
"This book is intended for the use of schools
and academies?" They may do it with his-
tories, with works of poetry, or with any work
of literature; and yet the gentleman from Ohio
says that these assessors, appointed by the Pres-
ident in the various districts, are to pass upon
these books and say whether the author under-
stands the purpose for which he wrote the book,
or whether he himself does.
Mr. COX. Thegentleman utterlymisrepresents
my view. My answer to him was that the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, and not the as-
sessor, decided; I never argued that these various
assessors should decide upon bocks because the
title-page is-printed so and so. When aquestion
arises as to what class a book belongs, whether
or not educational in the ordinary sense of the
term,itis left for decision to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. 1 stand by the committee.
Mr. MALLORY. I am not responsible for
what the committee does, i um moving my
amendment to the substitute of the gentleman
from Massachusetts. The learned gentleman at
the head of the Committee of Ways and Means
stands responsible for the action of the com-
mittee, and 1 have no doubt the chairman will sup-
port the proposition of my friend from Ohio if he
finds that the very learned and able man at the
head of the Revenue Bureau is to decide in all
cases, as censor of the press, what books are
adapted for literary purposes, what for educa-
tional purposes, and what the character of every
book is.
Mr. MORRILL. Upon the part of th* com-
mittee, I will say that 1 propose to move t« strike
out all that.
Mr. MALLORY. Let me putin what I have
indicated, and that will strike it all out. I insist
upon my amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Will the gentleman again
indicate what his amendment is?
Mr. MALLORY. i want to include all other
books used in all other places. I do not want to
include books used in certain cases and not include
others.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Is an amendment to the
original amendment in order?
The CHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 move then to amend the
original amendment by inserting after the word
" books" the words " and all otherprinted books
and magazines, the production of American au-
thors." 1 desire to call the especial attention of
this committee and of the Committee of Ways
and Means to one branch of the publishing busi-
ness in the United States,and that is the publica-
tion of magazines. And I desire this Committee
of the Whole to determine whether the Govern-
ment, by this system of taxation, receives suffi-
cient revenue to compensate for the burdens im-
posed upon publishers and the evils inflicted on
authors.
Mr. MALLORY. It does not.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I say it does not. Well
said by the gentleman from Kentucky.
Now, let me give the committee some facts: in
regard to this business. In 1863 and a portion of
1864 the leading magazines of the country were
circulating to the extent of nearly five hundred
thousand copies; but since the adoption of this
system of taxation, which makes the publishers
of magazines manufacturers, and imposes a tax of
five percent, upon their earnings, the reductiort
in the number of copies of magazines published
for distribution in this country is nearly tw£
hundred thousand. Why? Because the pub-
lishers have had to advance the price of the mag-
azines to news dealers and news agents and sub-
scribers, by reason of the ad vanced price of paper;
by reason of the three per cent, tax on paper* and
the tax on stereotypes and engravings; by reason
of the income tax; and last and worst of all thfeso
taxes, by classifying them as manufacturers and
taxing them as such.
One leading magazine in this country has had
its subscription list cut down thirty-five thousand
since the 1st day of January; and if this system
of taxation goes on against the publishers of mag-
azines and against American authors, it will not
be long before we shall have no magazines worthy
of being read by an American public. The tax
of five per cent, upon the gross receipts of the
publishers of magazines in this country did not
amount in 1863 to more than sixty-five thousand
dollars; yet the infliction of that tax,in addition
to other taxes, has run the business down until
many of the magazines are now struggling for
existence; and I feel that it is unjust to thus bur-
den a business which has done so much in pro-
moting the best interests of the country. I am
proud of American authors, and I wish to do alt
that I can, and to have this House do all that it
can, to maintain the superiority of American ge-
nius,and of American contributors to American-
literature.
There is one class of contributors to our mag-
azines which every man in Congress should be
proud of, and those are our American women.
Some of the most elegant, cultivated, and refined
women of the country, who are not blessed with
wealth, but who are blessed with that which is
better than wealth, genius, have contributed to
our magazines until they have placed them side
by side with the best productions of England. Let
us maintain that position, and recognize in these
American women the matrons of our American:
literature, and in our American authors of both
sexes a class of authors possessing genius, in-
telligence, and cultivation, whose productions are
calculated to elevate and refine the American peo-
ple. 1 would like to see those magazines and
those books which are the productions of Ameri-
can authors free from taxation, and to place our
American authors, male and female, upon the
highest pinnacle of literary fame to which their
genius entitles them. The permanency of our
republican form of Government depends mainly
upon the intelligence of the people. To be intel-
ligent, they must be educated; and the best and
cheapest way to educate them is to encourage the
printing of books and magazines, and removing
all obstacles in the way of a general circulation.
In my opinion, had the great mass of the south-
ern people possessed the same amount of intelli-
gence,and theireducation been equal to the north-
ern people, this rebellion would never have been
inaugurated, and ourcommon country would have
been spared the ravages and desolations of war.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PRUYN. Is debate exhausted?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not, if the gentle-
man wishes to oppose the amendment.
Mr. PRUYN. No, sir; 1 am in favor of the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. INGERSOLL. 1 hope every other gen-
tleman is.
Mr. KASSON. Before the vote is taken, I
want to understand distinctly from the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Ingersoll] if this is, in point
of fact, a proposition to levy no tax on any kind
of books whatever produced in this country?
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes, sir; so far as Ameri-
can authors are concerned.
Mr. KASSON. Well, sir, I want that the vote
shall be given understandingiy on this subject.
Mr. INGERSOLL. So do I.
Mr. KASSON. There are books selling as
high as from ten to forty dollars apiece, cultivat-
ing the luxurious habits of the country, appeal-
