90
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
38th Cong-....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—-Mr. Harris.
Ho. op Reps.
notwithstanding such professions tiien and be-
fore, and ever since, have been, so far as its lead-
ers supposed they could stealthily and success-
fully, under pretence of devotion to God, human-
ity, human rights, and freedom, the Constitution,
tire Union, the Union of our fathers as made and
•administered by them, and its preservation as so
made and administered, the Union of the Consti-
tution, the old flag, and the principles upon which
theGovertimentwasadministered by our fathers,
naming and eulogizing as such Washington, Jef-
ferson, and Madison, slaveholders, to exclude
the elder Adams, who was not one, but the second
•President, and therefore one of our fathers, so
called, to escape the odium of the name and tenets
of the Federal party, their political paternity,
organized by him, Hamilton, and others, who
preferred a centralized Government to ours, and
of which tenets abolitionism is die worst, most
deceitful, cruel, intolerant, despotic, and revolu-
tionary manifestation; and that they might have
changed the name of their party so often that the
most sagacious of them cannotdetermme whether
it is Republican, Union, or no-party; and that it
can be identified only by that of the Administra-
tion party,and to those on which Jackson, who
was u slaveholder, administered it, and to him
personally—seldom, ifever, mentioning the name
of John Q.. Adams, a son of the elder Adams,
and an immediate predecessor of Jackson, only
to such as admired (lie name or are aware of the
falsity and designs of such professions, all whom,
save the former, they and their political ances-
tors have denounced for being pro-slavery, and
therefore tyrannical and infamous, and whose
memories they detest. And to Douglas, whom
they hud stigmatized as a scoundel, demagogue,
and traitor, and had charged was more pro-sla-
yery than any slaveholder, and therefore more
infamous, instilling into the minds of the people
contempt tor the Constitution of the United States,
and disregard thereof and resistance thereto, be-
cause of its most salutary and self-preserving
provisions, sanctioning the reservation of such
rights and protecting the States and the people in
the exercise of thorn, and inculcating into them
the, dogma that slavery is incompatible with a
republican form of Government, and is creative
of such antagonisms as render ours abominable
and impotent; and revolution, duty to God and
humanity, and essential to success of free insti-
tutions, in order to enlist them as their supporters
in the accomplishment of their design of revolu-
tionizing our Government and usurping the con-
stitutional rights of the States and the people with
the power that they obtained by false professions
of patriotic devotion to the inviolability of such
rights, that instrument, and to the peace, happi-
ness, and prosperity of the people, and perpetuity
and renown of the Union, to consummate which
many of its leaders are pressing upon this House
the passage of this and kindred bills.
As hypocritical sinners, claiming to be Chris-
tians, profess remarkable enthusiastic concern for
the cause of our Redeemer, so do demagogues
and tyrants, and for that of our Union, and the
memory of those who have immortalized them-
selves by a patriotic devotion to it and tenacious
regard for the principles which they advocated.
Because of the high appreciation of the people for
the purity of such causes, the correctness of such
principles, and honor of the memories of such,
and of their conviction that through such profes-
sions and appreciations they can accomplish their
Rinister and monstrous purposes, as is clearly de-
monstrated by such leaders in their professed and
infamously hypocritical devotions of which 1 have
spoken, if not, why have they shamefully disre-
garded each of them, the violation of any one of
which would have subjected !hem to the infamy of
such a charge, and why do they persist m assert-
ing that they desire that the Government should be
administeied as it was by Washington, Madison,
Jefferson, and Jackson, and that Douglas, if liv-
ing, would be prominent among them", knowing
thut Washmgton, as President, approved a bill ac-
cepting the cession by North Carolina of territory
in which it was provided that no regulations made
or to he made by Congress should tend to eman-
cipate slaves; as he did bills for the admission into
the Union of two slave States, Kentucky and Ten-
nessee; and that in his Farewell Address advised
us to indignantly frown upon the first dawning of
every atterript to alien&te any portion of our coun-
try from 'the rest, or to enfeeble the saered ties
which bind together its various parts. That Jef-
ferson said that John Adams was supported for
the Presidency by the monarchical Federalists,
and that he (Jefferson) was the author of the Ken-
tucky resolutions ofl799, and as President sanc-
tioned a treaty through which we acquired an area
of territory many times larger than that of the
original States, and in which by it the abolish-
ment of the institution of slavery was prohibited,
unless by the consent of the people thereof; and
that he, in writing concerning the Missouri Com-
promise, which excluded slavery from only a part
of slave territory, and was therefore urged as an
equitable partition of common territory between
free and slave States, said that it was treason
against human hope, and would create a geo-
graphical line that would be recurring on every
occasion and renewing irritations until it would
kindle such a mortal hatred as to render separation
preferable to eternal discord; that he had been
among the most sanguine in believing that our
Union would be of long duration, but that he then
doubted it much, and that hesaw the event at no
great distance, and that his only comfort and
consolation was that he would not live to see it;
that the question was hushed for the moment, but
it wasa reprieve only, nota final sentence;aiid that
the leaders of Federal ism, on its eclipse, not extinc-
tion, after being defeated in their party schemes
to obtain power by rallying partisans to the prin-
ciples of monarchism, advocated such compro-
mise as a party trick to secure such power.
That Madison was the author of the Virginia res-
olutions of 1798, and the report relative thereto
of the House of Delegates of Virginia, of 1800;
and that he, as President, signed a bill for the
admission of Louisiana as a slave State. That
Jackson, as President, signed a bill for the admis-
sion of Arkansas,and had warned the people that
the abolition party,was an offspring of Ihe Federal
party, and a disunion, hypocritical, and treach-
erous one, and in his farewell address to his coun-
trymen said:
"Every Slate muM be the sole judije of the measures
proper to secure thef-afety of its citizens and piomcye their
Happiness; and all efforts on the part of the people of other
States to east odium upon their nonunions, and all meas-
ures. calculated to disturb their rights of property or to put
in jeopardy their peace and internal tianquillity are in di-
rect oppoMtion to the spirit in which the Union was formed,
and must endanger Us safety. Motives of philanthropy
may bo assigned for this unwarrantable interference, and
weak men may persuade themselves for a moment that
thoy are laboring in the cause of humanity and asserting
the rights of the human race, but every one, upon sober
inflection, will see that nothing but mischief can come from
these improper assaults upon Ihe feelings and rights of
others. Rest assured that the men found busy m this wotk
of discord are not worthy ot your confidence, and deserve
your strongest reprobation."
That Douglas had denounced their party as
being Federal, having reference to the Federal
party, and corrupt, deceitful, revolutionary, and
destructive, and as late as the 25th December, A.
D. 3860, wrote to a friend that it could no longer
be disguised that many of the Republican Sena-
tors desired war and disunion under pretext of
saving the Union, and that for partisan purposes
they were anxious to dissolve the Union, if it
could be done without holding them responsible
before the people; and in the last speech which
he ever made in the Senate of the United States,
in 1861, said:
c' I am a Union man, and hence against war; but if the
Government must be broken, and a </c facto government
set up by some of the States, let no act'be done that will
pi event a restoration. Peace is the only policy that can
lead to that result.
t£ Have we a Government? is the question; and we are
told that we mu-4 test that question by using the rmhtaiy
power to put down all discontented spirits. Sir, tins ques-
tion, ' [lave we a Government?' ha* been propounded by
every tyrant who lias tried to keep his feet on the neck? of
the people since the wot Id began. When the barons de-
manded Magna Oh.ma fiam King John, at liuimvnjede, he
cvelaimed, ' Have we a Government ?' and called for his
amiy to put down the discontented baions. When George
H[ called upon his armj to put down the rebellion in Amer-
ica, Lord North eiied lustilv, f No compromise with trai-
tors ! Let us demonstrate that we have a Government !J
" Sii, when ten million people proclaim to you that they
apprehend their firesides and their families sue in danger,
it becomes a wise Government to listen to the appeal and
remove the apprehension. Histoiy does not record one
example wlieje any human government has been strong
enough to ciu&h ten million people into subjection when
they believed their right, and liberties were imperiled, with-
out first converting the government itself into a despotism
and de&tioying tlje last vestige of freedom.
" What man in all America, with a heart in his bosom,
who knows the facts connected with Fort Sumter, can hes-
itate in saying that duty, honor, patriotism, and humanity
require that Anderson and his little band should be in-
stantly withdrawn? Sir, I am not afraid to say so. Peace
is the only policy that will save the country."
And that in the spring or summer of that year,
and some time after the commencement of the war,
in a speech made at Springfield, Illinois, and; I
think, next to the last he ever made, and which
was at the time applauded by the vast number of
Admmistrationists who heard it, and has ever
been, I think, universally eulogized by them, he
said:
" I will never sanction nor acquiesce in any warfare
whatever upon the constitutional rights or domestic insti-
tutions of the people of the southern States. On the con-
trary, if there was an attempt to invade those lights, to
stir up seivile indirection among their people, I would
rush to their rescue, and mterleie with whatever of strength
I might possess to avert such a calamity.y>
The President, in his inaugural, declared that
he had no purpose, directly or indirectly, to in-
terfere with the institution of slavery in the States
in which it existed; that he believed he had no
lawful right to, and had no inclination to, and
tharthose who nominated and elected him did so
with the full knowledge that he had made that
and many similar declarations, and had never re-
canted them; and more than that, they placed in
the platform for his acceptance, and as a law to
themselves and him, the clear and emphatic reso-
lution which he then read, which is the one of
which I have spoken; after leading which he con-
tinued, saying:
"I now reiterate these sentiments; and in doing so I
only press upon the public attention the most conclusive
evidence, of which the case is susceptible : that the piop
erty,peace, and security of no section are to be in any wise
endangered by the now incoming Administration. I add,
too, that all the protection which, consistently with the
Constitution and laws, can be given, will be cheerfully given
to all the States when lawfully demanded, for whatever
cause, as cheerfully to one section as to another."
So after seven of the States to which this bill
relates had so far defied the authority of the Gov-
ernment and repudiated the obligations of the
Constitution as to have passed for itself an or-
dinance of secession, and hod, on the 18th or J9th
of February previous, formed a provisional in-
surrectional y government under the name of the
confederate States of America. And although as
he asserted in his message to the extra session
in July thereafter, that at the beginning of his
presidential term and four months before then,
that
" Within these States (referring to South Carolina,
Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Florida,
which were of such .seven) all the forts, aisen.ils, dock-
yards, custom-houses, and the like, including the movable
and stationary piopeity in and about them, had been seized,
and were held in open hostility to this Government, ex-
cepting only Ports Pickens, Taylor, and Jefferson, on and
near the Floiida coast, and Foil Sumter, m Charleston
harbor. South Carolina. The forts thus seized had been
put in improved condition ; new ones had been built, and
armed forces had been organized, and were organizing, all
avowedly with the same hostile purpose.
" The forts remaining m the possession of the Federal
Government in and near these States were either besieged
or menaced by warlike pieparations, and especially Fort
Sumter was neaily surrounded by well-protected hostile
batteries, with guns equal in quality to the bestot itsown,
and outnumbei ing the Jattei a« perhaps ten to one. A dis-
proportionate share of the Ffdei.il muskets and rifles had
somehow found their way into these States, and had been
seized to be used against the Government. Accumulations
of the public revenue, lying within thein, had been seized
for the same object. The Navy was scattered in distant
seas, leaving but a very small part ot it within the imme-
diate reach of the Government. Otliceis of the Federal
Annyand Navy had lesnnied in great number-; and of
those resigning a large proportion had taken up afms against
the Government.
uSimultaneously, and in connection with all this, tho
purpose to sever the Fedeial Union was openly avowed.
In accordance with this purpose an otdmance" had been
adopted in each of these States, declanng tho States, re-
spectively, to be separated from the rmtionnl Union. A
toimnla lor instituting a combined government of these
States had been promulgated ; and this illegal oigamzation,
in the character of coafede;.ite Stall's, w.is aheady in-
voking recognition, aid, and intervention, from foreign
Powers."
He said in that inaugural that the people who
nominated and electcd him did so with the full
knowledge that he had declared that lie had no
tight,inclination, or purpose so to interfere with
slavery,and had neverrecanted such declarations,
and held that they by making such pait of such
