1865.
THE COtfaKESSIONAL GLOBE.
783
Mr. A. MYERS. Is debate in order?
The CHAIRMAN. U is not.
The amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I move to amend by insert-
ing the words " Bibles, prayer-books;" so that it
will read:
Provided, That Bibles, prayer-books, arithmetics, spell-
ing books, geographies, giammars, and primary books of
"the kinds usually taught in common and primmy schools,
and all books printed by religious societies exclusively for
the u>e of Sunday-schools, shall be exempt from any duty
or tax, anything to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. KASSON. That has been done.
THAYER. It was voted down.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the gentleman to mod-
ify his amendment so as to read " Bibles or Tes-
taments, or parts of either."
Mr. THAYER. I cannot accept that.
Mr. COX. I move to insert after " primary
schools" the words "academies and colleges."
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is notin
order.
Mr. THAYER. I modify my amendment so
as to insert after "Bibles" the word "Testa-
ments."
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr.
Thayer] by inserting after the word "Testa-
ments" the words "or volumes consisting of
only parts thereof."
Thequestion being put,and no quorum voting—
The CHAIRMAN ordered tellers; and ap-
?ointed Messrs. Garfield, and Steele of New
ersey.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes sixty-seven, noes not counted.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The question recurring upon the amendment
as amended, and no quoium voting—
Mi. HOLM AN demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Thayer and
Holman were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 60, noes 22; no quorum voting.
Mr. HOLMAN. Rather than break up the
committee, 1 withdraw the demand for a division.
So the amendment as amended was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out of tine four hundred and thirty-nine the
woids "usually taught" and inserting in lieu
thereof the word " used;" so that the clause shall
read, "and primary books of the kinds used m
common and primary schools."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the same
clause by striking out the word "primary"
where it first occurs and inserting in lieu thereof
the word " school."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, i move to amend by in-
serting after the sentence " shall be exempt from
any duty or tax, anything to the contrary not-
withstanding," the following proviso:
Pt ended farther, That this exemption shall notapplyto
any volume which is valued at rnoie than two dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COX. I now move to amend by inserting
in line four hundred and thirty-nine, after the
words " in common and primary schools," the
woids " academies and colleges. "
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. TO WNSEND. In order to carry out the
amendment of the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] in the last sentence amended on his
motion by striking out the word " primary" be-
fore " books," f move to amend by striking out
the words "and primary" before " schools;" so
as to make the sentence read, " and school books
used in common schools."
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. Line fourhundred and fifty-
four is as follows:
On wrought non, railroad chairs, and railroad and boat
spikes, five dollars per ton.
I move to amend the same by striking out the
words "wrought iron" and inserting after the
word "spikes" the words "made of wrought
iron," and by striking out the comma after the
word "chairs."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend on page
22 by inserting after line five hundred and thir-
teen the words:
By striking out, in the paragraph relating to diamonds,
precious stones, and imitations thereof, and all other jew-
elry the word "ten," and inserting in lieu thereof the
word " five."
The clause of the tax bill thus proposed to be
: amended is as follows:
On all diamonds, emeralds, precious stones, and imita-
tions thereof, and all other jeweiry, a duty often per cent.
ad valorem, &c.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suppose the effect of that
will be to reduce the amount of duties.
Mr. MORRILL. Nominally; but, in the
opinion of the Committee of Ways and Means,
it will actually increase the duties.
Mr. HOLMAN. It is an actual reduction of
one half.
Mr. MORRILL. From the manner in which
the law is now administered, there is a diversity
of opinion as to what the tax really applies to,
and there is as much fraud as in the manufacture
of cigars. *
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. Lines five hundred and
fourteen to five hundred and seventeen, inclu-
sive, read as follows:
By striking out of said faction the several paragraphs
from the woids a on cavendish, phis, twist," down to the
words ''exclusive of the tax," inclusive, and inserting in
lieu thereol the following.
That relates to several sections of the original
bill rejatmg to the tax on tobacco, cigars, &c.
In order that it may include a further portion of
the bill, 1 move to amend the clause by striking
out the words " down to the words 4 exclusive
of the tax,5 inclusive,"and inserting in lieu thereof
the words "down to and including the words
•and the other to the United States.5" The first
amendment did not include as much of the bill as
was intended to be stricken out.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. In the hill to which these
amendments are being made there is the folio wing
clause:
On steam engines, Including locomotive and marine en-
gines, a duty ol three per cent, ad valorem.
This bill, in lines four hundred and sixty-one
and four hundred and sixty-two, pioposes to
amend that by inserting after the words " steam
engines" the words "exclusive of the boiler, m
case a duty has been paid thereon." 1 move to
amend that so that the clause in the tax bill shall
read as follows:
On steam engines, includinglocomotive and marine en-
gines?, with their boilers, a duty ol three per cent, ad va-
lorem.
Mr. Chairman, under the present law steam
engines are charged three per cent., but their boil-
ers, not being included, are charged five per cent.
1 understand that the Committee of Ways and
Means are willing to accept this amendment, which
allows the whole to go at thiee per cent. I un-
derstood the committee to concur with me that
this amendment ought to be made.
Mr. MORRILL. I am not sure about that.
The subject has not been acted on by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and I think that this
amendment changes the law so as to reduce the
tax. There is no objection to relieving the article
from a double tax, but the object of this bill is
mainly to increase the revenue.
Mr. A. W.CLARK. I tlunk that if the House
will give me one moment's attention not a single
member will vote against my amendment. The
present law provides that steam engines, includ-
ing locomotives and marine engines, shall pay a
duty of three per cent, ad valorem. Nothing is
said there about boilers. The manufacturer of a
locomotive, including, of course, a boiler, has to
take it apart to ascertain the weight of the boiler,
that it maybe taxed separately, being included
among "other manufactures." The Committee
of Ways and Means tell me that they considered
the boiler an essential part of the locomotive, and
had no idea that the law would be so construed
as to impose a separate tax upon it; but the Com-
missionerof Internal Revenue has seen fit to make
that construction, and now the manufactuiers ask
that the boiler and locomotive shall be put upon
a par, and that a higher tax shall not be demanded
on the boiler than is imposed on the engine, which
is a much more highly finished article than the
boiler.
Mr. GANSON. The Commissioner of Inter-
nal Revenue has published a decision the result
of which is to impose a double tax upon boilers.
That is unjust and ought to be remedied, and I
have no doubt that the Committee of Ways and
Means will concur-in the amendment on exam-
ination.
Mr. MALLORY. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York [Mr. A. W. Clark] that he
should raise the tax on engines to five per cent.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. My object is to have the
tax on engines and boilers equal.
Mr. MALLORY. Well, do it in that wayj in-
crease the tax on engines.
Mr. MORRILL. The bill as proposed bv the
Committee of Ways and Means will avoid the
very double tax of which the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Ganson] complains. We do not pro-
pose to levy a tax upon a boiler that has been
once taxed, it has been done heretofore, under a
construction given to the law by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I cannot see th^t the
amendment proposed by the Committee of Ways
and Means at all obviates the difficulty. Under
the construction of the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue of the present law, the manufacturer is
put to great trouble and expense, after his ma-
chinery is completed, to ascertain theexact value
of the boiler. He has to take the whole thing to
pieces and weigh it, and then he has to pay five
per cent, on the boilers while he only pays three
per cent, on the engine.
Mr. STEVENS. My only objection to this
amendment is that the tax ought to be five per
cent, instead of three. We are raising duties
now.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. If the Committee of
Ways and Means propose an increase, I am will-
ing that the boilers shall pay the same amount as *
the locomotive.
Mr. STEVENS. Your amendment reduces it
to three per cent.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. It reduces it to the same
amount that is paid on engines.
Mr. HOOPER. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from New York that he change his amend-
ment so as to move to insert after "steam engines"
the words "and steam boilers." i think that
will reach his objeet.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I accept that asa modi-
fication of my amendment. The mam difficulty
is that boilers are not now inserted among the
articles manufactured, but are included by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue among other
manufactured articles and taxed five per cent*
What we propose is that the boiler shall pay the
same duty as the locomotive does.
Mr. HOOPER. The amendment which I pro-
pose is to strike out the words " exclusive of the
boiler, in case a duty has been paid thereon," and
insert m lieu thereof the words "steam boilers."
Mr. A. W. CLARK. 1 accept the amend-
ment.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move to amend by
making the duty of three per cent, five per cent.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. I ask the gentleman -
from Pennsylvania if that increases the duty on
steam engines.
Mr. STEVENS. On all manufactures.
Mr. A. W. CLARK. 1 have no objection to
that. My object was that boilers and steam en-
gines should pay the same duty.
Mr. STEVENS. The object was right. The
construction of the Commissioner was not such
as the Committee of Ways and Means supposed
it would be.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Chairman, with the ap-
proval of my colleagues of the Committee of
Ways and Means, 1 suggest that the few lines
relating to iron and to steam engines be passed
over until to-morrow, that the Committee of
Ways and Means may adjust the matter.
There being no objection, the paiagraph was
passed ovei informally.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the committee
do now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeroy reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had under consideration, as a special
order, the tax bill, and had come to no conclusion
thereon.
MAIL SERVICE TO CHINA.
Mr. COLE, of California. I ask unanimous
consent to have taken from the Speakers table,
