784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14.
and referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads, the act(S. No. 407) to authorize
the establishment of ocean mail steamship service
between the United States and China.
Mr. WILSON. I object; and move that the
House proceed to the business on the Speaker's
tabie.
EVENING SESSION DISPENSED WITH.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to dispense with the
evening session this evening, and that after to-
morrow the House shall meet at eleven o'clock
and adjourn at half past five.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, 1 hope not. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means would have no time
to transact its business.
Mr. MALLORY. I suggest that the House
would do more business between those hours
than it would by having a recess and an evening
session.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Kentucky must know that the Committee
of Ways .and Means meets every morning, and
that it cannot possibly get along with its business
if the House meets at eleven o'clock.
Mr. MALLORY. I am aware that the Com-
mittee of Ways afid Means does meet in the
morning, but it can meet at nine o'clock.
Mr. STEVENS. I am afraid that if it did the
gentleman from Kentucky would bealittle behind
time occasionally. [Laughter.]
Mr. MALLORY. Not at all. I will be there
at half past eight.
The SPEAKER. The question must be first
on the motion to dispense with the evening ses-
sion.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative; there being, on a division—ayes
75, noes 25.
Mr. MALLORY. I now ask unanimous con-
sent to move that, after to-morrow, the House
shall meet at eleven o'clock and adjourn at half
past five.
Several Members objected.
Mr. WILSON. I move to proceed to the busi-
ness on the Speaker's table.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan. I move that
the Bouse do now adjourn.
Mr. COX, I ask the gentleman from Michi-
gan to withdraw that motion, that I may submit
tt resolution, and let it lie over.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we had better ad-
journ now.
ENROLLED BILL.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported as truly enrolled an act for the re-
lief of the heirs of Almon D, Fiske, deceased;
when the Speaker signed the same.
Mr. WILSON called for the yeas and nays on
the motion to adjourn; and for tellers on the yeas
and nays.
Telletti were not ordered; and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The motion was agreed to; and thereupon (at
twenty-five minutes past four, p. m.) the House
atjjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, February 14, 1865.
Prayer by Rev. Thomas Bowman, D. D., Chap-
lain to the Senate.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, and by unanimoui
consent, the reading of the Journal of yesterday's
proceedings was dispensed with.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before the
Senate a message from the Presidentofthe United
States, communicating a copy ofa dispatch of the
12th ultimo, addressed to the Secretary of State,
by the minister resident of the United States at
Stockholm, relating to an international exhibi-
tion to be held at Bergen, in Norway, during the
coming summer; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message from
the President of the United States communicating
correspondence in relation to the opening of an
international exhibition in the city of Oporto,
Portugal, during the comingsummer; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. COWAN presented a resolution of the
Board of Trade of Philadelphia, in favor of an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States which shall confer upon Congress the
power to assess duties upon exports; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Pennsylvania in favor of the repayment
by the United States of certain moneys advanced
by that State to pay the volunteer militia of 1863;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HOWE presented the petition of Easton
& Gage, contractors with the Navy Department
to supply at the different navy-yards of the Uni-
ted Stales certain quantities of rice, beans, and
sugar, during the year ending on the 30th day of
June, 1864) praying to be relieved from the con-
tract, and that it be settled upon £ust and equita-
ble principles, and that they may be paid the
twenty per cent, reserved on the contract; which
was referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of citi-
zens of the State of Michigan, praying remunera-
tion to John M. Stanley for the loss of his col-
lection of Indian portraits, destroyed by fire at
the Smithsonian Institution; which was referred
to the Committee on the Library.
He also presented a petition of members of the
Legislature of the State of Michigan, praying
remuneration to J. M. Stanley for the loss of
his collection of Indian portraits destroyed by fire
at the Smithsonian Institution; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Library.
He also presented a petition of citizens of De-
troit, praying for the establishment of a navy-
yard at Detroit; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Michigan, in favor of the establishment
in the city of Detroit of a general naval recruiting
and muster-in office for the State of Michigan;
which were referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of citizens
of Kansas, ptaying that the mail route from Kan-
sas City, Missouri, to Lawrence, Kansas, by way
of Westpoit, Missoun, may be changed so as to
run on the river road from Kansas City, Mis-
souri, to Lawrence, Kansas, by way of the Junc-
tion House; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. RAMSEY presented resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Minnesota, in favor of
the location of the north or Sioux City branch of
the Pacific railroad westwardiy as near as it may
be along the parallel of forty-two and one half de-
grees of north latitude to a point of junction with
the main trunk of the road; which were referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. DIXON presented a memorial of a com-
mittee appointed by the Mutual Fire Insurance
Company of the District of Columbia, incorpo-
rated June 10, 1855, praying that the act incor-
porating thatcompany be so amended in the fourth
line of the third section as to read "fifty thousand,"
instead of"twenty thousand;" which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. HOWARD presented a petition of provost
marshals in the State of Michigan, praying for
an increase in the rank and pay of provost mar-
shals; which was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of Mich-
igan, praying that remuneration may be made to
John M. Stanley for the loss of his collection of
Indian portraits by fire in the Smithsonian Insti-
tution; which was referred to the Committee on
the Library.
He also presented a resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Michigan in favor of the establishment of
a general naval recruiting and muster-in office for
the State of Michigan, to be located in the city of
Detroit; which was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. COLLAMER, from the Committee on
Post Offices arid Post Roads, to whom were re-
ferred five petitions of citizens of Missouri, pray-
ing the establishment of a daily mail route from
Macon City, Missouri, toKeosoqua, Iowa, asked
to "b& discharged from its further consideration,
the route being already a post road; which was
agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the petition of citizens of Boston, praying the en-
actment of a law preferring the appointment to
all inferior offices of persons honorably discharged
from military or naval service of the United States,
submitted a report accompanied by a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. Ill) to encourage the employ*
ment of disabled and discharged soldiers. The
joint resolution was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred a bill (H. R. No.
683) making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1863, re-
ported it with amendments.
Mr. HENDRICKS, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill (H.
R. No. 558) to authorize the issuing of patents
for certain lands in the town of Stockbridge, State
of Wisconsin, and for other purposes, reported it
with amendments.
A MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representatives,
by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced that
the House had passed the joint resolution of the
Senate (S. It. iNo. 42) to extend the time for the
reversion to the United States of the lands granted
by Congress to aid in the construction of a rail-
road fiom Pere Marquette to Flint, and for the
completion of said road, with an amendment in
which the concurrence of the Senate was re-
quested.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the enrolled bill (S. No.
112) for the relief of the heirs of Almon D. Fisk,
deceased, which thereupon received the signature
of the President pro tempore of the Senate.
FUNERAL OP SENATOR HICKS.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 move that the Chair ap-
point a committee of arrangements to superintend
the funeral of my late colleague, which will take
place to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to; and the President
pro tempore appointed Messrs. Foot, Anthony,
Morgan, Buckalew, Wade, and Willey, as
the committee.
ARMY RATION.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following resolu-
tion:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to re-
port to the Senate if arty increase in the quantity of the
Army ration is required for the comfort of the men or tha
efficiency of the service.
It will be remembered that at the last session
of Congress we made a change of the ration,
and there has been from some parts of the coun-
try complaint in regard to it. Some sugges-
tions have been made that modifications are neces-
sary. in order to know whether any change is
really necessary, and if so, what, I desire to get
a report from the Commissary General of Sub-
sistence, and then we can have something official
on which to act.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
STATE AND POLITICAL PRISONERS.
Mr. POWELL submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to in-
form the Senate whether or not lie has furnished the judges
of the circuit and district courts of the United States, and
of the Distiict of Columbia, a list of the names of the per-
sons held as "State or political prisoners, or otherwise
than as prisoners of war, as required by the second section
of the act entitled (An act relating to habeas corpus, and
regulating judicial proceedings in certain cases, ap-
proved March 3, 1863.
INTEMPERANCE IN TIIE ARMY.
Mr. POMEROY submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, nnd agreed to:
Retolvtd, Thai the Committee on Military Affair? and the
Militia be instructed to in<june if the peculiar facilities
afforded to officers of the Aimy to proeuie spirituous and
intoxicating liquor* does not lend to the h>crea-e ot intem-
perance in the Army, and create insubordination and de-
moralization incompatible with the wholesome discipline
of the soldier and detrimental to the public service, and re-
port by bill or otherwise.
