THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
THE OFFICIAL PROCEEDINGS OF CONGRESS, PUBLISHED BY F. & J. RIYES, WASHINGTON, D. C.
Thirty-Eighth Congress, 2d Session.
WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 15, 1865.
New Series No. 50.
MINK EXPLOSION AT PETISliSBUHG.
Mr. HARRIS submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the President be requested, if not incom-
patible with the public interest, to furnish to the Senate a
copy of the report of the committee of inquiry ordered by
liim in respect to the explosion of the mine in trout of
Petersburg.
fbeedmen's bureau.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to call up a reso-
lution which I offered several days ago, to amend
the 34th standing rale by adding to the commit-
tees authorized by it a Committee on Mines.
Mr, SUMNER, I must ask the Senate now
to procecd with the consideration of the unfinished
business of the morning hour of yesterday, being
the report of the conference committee on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses with regard to
the bill establishing a Bureau of Freedmen.
Mr. STEWART. I think that report is the
special order for half past twelve o'clock, and my
resolution can be disposed of by that time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
does not understand the report referred to to be a
special order for half past twelve o'clock; butthe
motion to take it up is a privileged question, and
it has precedence of the motion of the Senator
from Nevada.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I shall not oppose the prop-
osition of the Senator from Massachusetts, for the
matter that he wishes to take up has been under
discussion for a day or two; but I desire to give
notice to him and to other Senators that I hope
they will allow me on Thursday, in the morning
hour, to take up some Indian bills that will con-
Fume but little time, but which it is necessary
should be acted upon as early as that dav. On
Thursday morning, with the leave of the Senate,
I glial] hope to be able to take up some Indian
bills and have them disposed of.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The question
is on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate re-
sumed the consideration of the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses upon the bill (H. R. No. 51) to
establish a Bureau of Freedmen's Affairs. &
Mr. DAVJS. Mr.President,at the lastsession
the House of Representatives passed a bill "to
establish a Bureau of Freedmen's Affairs." That
bill was reported to the Senate, and the Senate
passed what it denominated a substitute for the
House bill. Although called a substitute, it was,
in substance, simply an amendment. The main
idea of the House bill was to establish a separate
and distinct bureau on the subject of the freed-
men and abandoned lands; the bill of the Senate
called a substitute accepted almost literally that
idea of the House bill, which is the pith and the
substance of botli bills.
The question, then, arises, to what extent is
the bill of the Senate, although it is called a sub-
stitute,an amendment for the bill of the House? I
think this proposition is true, logically, and ac-
cording to parliamentary law, that where either
House has passed a bill or joint resolution, and it is
sent to the other House for its action, so faras the
other House does not dissent from the bill or joint
resolution that is sent to it, the measure is adopted
by it. Upon that principle, then, the Freedmen's
Bureau being the principal subject of the House
bill, being its leading idea, and that being accepted
by the Senate's amendment, which is called a sub-
stitute, there was no question of disagreementbe-
tween the two Houses in relation to that leading
idea of a separate Freedmen's Bureau, no amend-
ment to that provision of the House bill establish-
ing the Freed men's Bureau.
Then this question arises: was the ideaavid the
provision of the House bill establishing a Freed-
men's Bureau accepted and agreed to by the Sen-
ate or not? If it was agreed to by the Senate,
then the question of this bureau was closed by
the accordance, although there might be other pro-
Visions of the House bill to which the Senate had
50
offered antagonizing provisions, or from which it
had otherwise dissented in its amendment. These
latter matters being embodied in the amendment
would be the pending questions between the two
Houses, but not the question of establishing the
bureau, because both Houses had agreed to that.
It is only points of disagreement between the two
Houses that are or can be referred to committees
of conference. The matter, then, of the creation
of this bureau was not referred to or before the
committee ofconference. That committee had no
power to withdraw the bureau from the bill, to
recommend to the two Houses its withdrawal,
and to substitute a Department for it. It would
have been as competent for the committee to have
thus retired the bureau and to have recommended
a court in its stead.
I read from the report of the committee:
" The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on the bill (Jl. R. No. 51) entitled 'An act
to establish a Bureau of Freedmen's Affairs,' having met,
after full and free conference lmve agreed to recommend
to their respective Houses as follows:
"That the Senate recede from their amendment to the
said bill"—
It was simply an amendment, although it was
on its face called a substitute—
"and the committee agree to the following as a substi-
tute."
I will now read from the first section of the
House bill and the Senate's amendment, both of
the last session, for the purpose of showing that
upon the matter of establishing a separate bu-
reau for freedmen there was no dissent between
the two Houses; that the provision in the House
bill establishing the bureau was accepted by the
Senate taking no negative action upon it, and
passing an amendment which contained in sub-
stance the same provision to establish that bureau.
Here is the first section of the House bill:
"That an office is hereby created in the War Depart-
ment, to be called the Bureau of Freedmen's Affairs, and
the President of the United States is hereby authorized to
nominate, and with the advice and consent of the {Senate
to appoint, a Commissioner of Fieodinen1* Affairs, with an
annual salary ot §4,000, to whom shall be referred the ad-
justment and determination, under the direction of the Sec-
rctaiy of War, of all questions arising under this act, or
undei any laws now existing or hereafter to be enacted,
concerning persons of African descent."
In the Senate's amendment, which in this re-
port is truly termed an amendment, there is this
provision in the first section:
" That an office is hereby created in the Treasury De-
partment, to be called the Bureau of Fjeedmen. meaning
thereby such persons as have become free since the begin-
ning of the present war, under the caie of a Commissioner,
with an annual salary of $4,000. who shall he appointed
by the President, by and with the advice and consent of
the Senate : and there shall be a chief clerk, acting also
as disbursing officer."
And then it goes on to create an authority to
the Commissioner of this bureau precisely parallel
and equivalent to that which was instituted by the
first section of the House bill.
The position which I now state is this: that the
House bill having established a separate and dis-
tinct bureau, not a. Department, for freedmen, and
that being the main idea and object of the bill,
and the Senate substituted an amendment having
accepted the same, and having agreed to the es-
tablishment of this bureau, there is no dissent
between the two Houses, and consequently both
sections of the two bills establish the same bu-
reau. Either House may adopt a bill or joint res-
olution passed by the other, in whole or part;
and, although its agreement was not in the same
words, if it were in substance, there could be a
conference between them for no other purpose
than to make their language harmonize. The
substance, sense, and meamngof their action be-
ing already in accordance, as to that there would
be nothing to harmonize. The only substantial
point m which the Senate's amendment differed
from the House bill is that the latter created the
bureau as of the War Department, the former as
of the Treasury Department. Upon this point the
action of the Senate was an amendment offered to
the House bill; but as to the establishment it was
no amendment—it was the same thing in different
words.
The two Houses agreeing substantially in their
action to establish the Freedmen's Bureau, and
no conference being asked to harmonize the dif-
fering language by which they had severally done
it, the question of the bureau was not before the
committee of conference for any purpose what-
ever; certainly not for its repudiation. In recom-
mending the establishment of a separate and in-
dependent Department for it, the committee acted
on amatter coramnonjudiee, and the Senate repu-
diated thataction and the committee's report of it.
In support of this position I will read the first
joint rule of the two Houses:
"In every case of an amendment of a bill agreed to ia
one House, and dissented to in the other, if either House
shall request a conference, and appoint a committee for
that pui pose, and the other House shall also appoint a com-
mittee to confer, such committees shall, at a convenient
hour, to be agreed upon by their chairmen, meet in th«
conference chamber, and state to each other, verbally or
in writing, as either shall choose, the reasons of their re-
spective Houses for and against the amendment, and con-
fer freely thereon."
Now, sir, according to this rule, what matter
comes before a committee of conference? It ia
only the matter of the amendment which has
been proposed in one House to a bill or joint
resolution passed by the other. The rule is ex-
press, that upon this amendment the conference
shall take place; and that amendment, so faras
relates to the main and essential object and pro-
vision of the measure, I have attempted to ana-
lyze.
Now, sir, I will read the first clause of the re-
port of the committee of conference:
That the Senate recede from their amendment to tlt«
said bill, and the committee agree to the following as a
substitute:
An act to establish a Department of Freedinea and Aban-
doned Lauds.
Be it enacted ly the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States of *4met tea in Congress assembled, That
there is hereby established at the seat ol'Governinent of the
United States a Department of Freedmen and Abandoned
Lands, whose object shall be the good ©f the freedmen,
and the administiation of lands and other property falling
to the national Government in the rebel States not hereto-
fore appropriated to other uses. And this Department shall
be under the care of a Commissioner, who shall be ap-
pointed by the President, by and with the advice and con-
bent of the Senate, with an annual salary ef $4,000.
It is thus shown that the committee transcended
their authority by repudiating the bureau upon
which the two Houses had accorded; and recom-
mended in lieu of it a Department of which no
mention had been made either in the bill passed
by the House or in.the Senate's amendment.
If the main subject of a bill can thus be shuf-
fled out, a new, different,and more important one
slipped in by the report of a committee of con-
ference, and that report cannot be referred to
a committee or divided like other propositions
when the two Houses vote on its adoption, does
it not change the essential forms of legislation as
established by the Constitution and the rules Of
the two Houses ? If this report should be adopted
by the two Houses, I ask Senators if a bill to estab-
lish another Department of the Government, " a
Department of Freedmen and Abandoned Lands,"
has ever been introduced into either House of
Congress, referred to one of its standing commit-
tees, read three several times, passed, and then
reported to the other House and there referred to
one of its standing committees, read three several
times, and passed? "Who can tell the mischiefs
that would result from such a radical change in
the forms of legislation ?
So much, sir, upon that branch of the subject.
Now I will proceed to an analysis and examina-
tion of the bill under consideration, and as I deem
the twelfth section of most importance, I will first
make my objections to it. That section is in
these words:
Sec. 12. <And be it further enacted, That all assistant
commissioners, local superintendents, and clerks, as well
as supervising special agents, shall be &o far deemed to be
in the military service ot the United States as to be liable to
trial by courts martial or military commissions, to be or-
dered by the commanding general of the military depart-
ment within which they act as such assistant commis-
sioners, local superintendents, clerks, or supervising special
agents. And for all offenses amounting to a felony; for
any act of embezzlement, or willful misappropriation of
