1865.]
APPENDIX /TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
38th Cons....2d Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Harris.
Ho. of Reps-.
as to conform to whatever might be the decision
of the Supreme Court, and particularly in his
proclamation of amnesty, and John Q,. Adams,
.who more than any other is claimed as authority
for the. validity of such a proclamation, when
minister to England, in 1815, and Secretary of
State, in 1820, and as such held that slaves taken
by the British in the late war, with Great Britain,
or who had fled to them for refuge, were not by
the law or usages of war confiscable; and in a
dispatch of July 7, 1820, to.Mr. Rush, then our
minister to England, that " the principle is that
the emancipation of enemies'slaves is not among
the acts of legitimate war; as it relates to theown-
ers, it is a destruction of private property, no-
where warranted by the usages of war." And in
one to Mr. Middleton, thenourministertoRussia,
-to the empeior of which had been referred the ar-
bitrament of the removal of such slaves, that " no
such right is acknowledged," referring to that
churned of confiscation as a law of war by writers
who admit any limitation. The right of putting
to death all prisoners in cold blood and without
special cause might as well be pretended to be a
law of war, or the right to use poisoned weapons,
or to assassinate.
And that although such bill further provides
that all slaves declared free by any proclamations
of the President shall be emancipated and forever
free, thereby tacitly admittingadoubt as to whether
they becamesoby virtueofanysuch proclamation,
as did its authors and advocates here by their sup-
port of the resolution recommending the amend-
ment of the Constitution for the abolition of sla-
very, at least indicate an opinion that Congress
cannotemancipate slaves,and thattooalthough all
such proclamations are most clearly unconstitu-
tional, and would be so held by the Supreme Court
upon a proper case, in commendable disregard of
and supreme and becoming contempt of this bill
should it be passed by Congress and approved by
the Executive. That the Supreme Court would,
as the President instructed his Secretary of State
officially to say on 22d April, 1861, prevent any
such interference with slavery as he attempts by
such proclamation must appear to any who will
read the extracts from an opinion of the Supreme
Court of the United States in Brown vs. United
States, made at the February term, 1814, and de-
livered by Chief Justice Marshall, who was one
of the most distinguished of all jurists,and prob-
ably knew more law intuitively than any other,
and whose opinions are'high precedents wherever
the common law is known, and which opinion is
reported commcncingon 110th pageofSthCranch,
reports of that court, and in which the court held;
" That the modem rule would, then, seem to be that
tangible property belonging to ail enemy and found in the
country at the commencement of war, ought not to he im-
mediately confiscated; and in almost every commercial
treaty an article is inserted stipulating foi the right to with-
draw such properly. That this rule appears to be totally
incompatible with the idea that war does of itself vest the
property in the belligcient Government. It may be consid-
ered as'tlie opinion of all who have wiitten on thc./iii belli,
that wai gives the right to confiscate, but does not itself
confiscate Hie property of the enemy, and their rules go to
the exercise of this right.
" That the Constitution of the United States was framed
at a nine when this rule, introduced by commerce ill favor
of moderation and humanity, was leceived throughout the
civilized world. In expounding that Constitution, a con-
struction ought not lightly to be admitted which would
give to a declaration of war an effect in this country it does
not possess elsewhere, and which would fetter that exer-
cise of entire ili.-cietion lespecting enemy's property which
may enable the Government to apply to the enemy the rule
thatbe applies to us.
" That if we look to tile Constitution itself we find this
general reasoning much strengthened by the words of that
instrument, and that the declaration of war has only the
effect of placing tiie two nations in a state of hostility, of
producing a state of war, of giving those rights which war
confers, but not of operating, by itsown force, any of those
result*, such as a transfer of property, which are usually
produced by ulterior measures of Government, is fairly
deducible from the enumeration of powers which accom-
panies iliat of declaring war. • Congress shall have power'
' to declare war, giant letters of marque and reprisal, and
make rules concerning captures on land and water.'
'■Tlut the proposition that a declaration of war does not,
in Itself enact a confiscation of the propeityof the enemy
within the territory of the belligerent is believed to be en-
tireH free fiom doubt. Is there in the act of Congress by
which wai Is dedaled against Great Britain any expres-
sion which would indicate such an intention ?
"That it appeals to the court that the power ofeonfiscating
enemy pioperty is in the legi.-laiure, and that the legisla-
ture has not ynt dcehued us will to confiscate property
which was within our territory at the declaration of war.
Tii© court ia therefore of tlio opinion that there in error in
the sentence of condemnation pronounced in the circuit
court in this case, and doth direct that the same be re-
versed and annulled, and that the sentence of the district
court be affirmed." - '
By which the court held that neither war nor
a declaration thereof of itself enacts the confis-
cation of the property of the enemy within the
territory of the belligerent, and that such prop-
erty so found, even after the declaration qf war
ana during its continuance, cannot be condemned
as enemy's property without a legislative act au-
thorizing, its confiscation. So, to authorize the
Confiscation of property, there must not only be
such war, but a legislative enactment authorizing
such confiscation, and a judicial decision there-
upon and therefor, to which the action of all the
departments of the Government, the legislative,
judicial, and executive, is essential, that of the
Executive as such strictly, and in the approval
of bills and resolutions of Congress, and not as
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, for
as such his acts for confiscation of such property
would be as void as the edict of any monarch of
any other country. And Justice Story, though
dissenting from the judgment of the court in
delivering his dissenting opjnion, held that until
the title should be divested by some overt act of
the Government and some judicial sentence, the
property would unquestionably remain in the
hostile owners, and if peace should intervene it
would be completely beyond the reach of subse-
quent condemnation. According to which no
slave hasever become free by virtue of such proc-
lamation, and cannot only through some judicial
sentence pronounced during the continuance of
the war. Yetsuch proclamation has noneofthose
sanctions, without all of which there can be no
confiscation of such property. Nor does it claim
to have, as the commencement of it is, "1, Abra-
ham Lincoln, President of the United States of
America, and Commander-in-Chief of the Army
and Navy thereof," and is such an one as charac-
terizes presidential proclamations of an exclusive-
ly warlike as contradistinguished from those of a
civil nature. Nor did he or his supporters who
were its advocates pretend that it had, he and they
having justified it only as a military necessity
and an indispensable means, and therefore only
justifiable forsuccessfully conducting the warfor
the restoration'of theUnion only,and repudiated
as most slanderously false, and as did most of
them as traitorous, the charge that it was in the
least an object for which the war was to be con-
ducted. Yet it is the paramount one with them,
notwithstanding the official assurances of which 1
have spoken of, the President and his political
adherents, who include every supporter of this
bill, that the constitutional rights of the people
of such States shouM be alike cheerfully pro-
tected, and that he in a conversation with the
honorable gentleman from Kentucky, then, as
now, a member, and other members of Congress
from slave States, said to hi'm:
" Mr. Mallory, this war, so far as I have anything to do
with it, is carried on on the idea that there is a Union sen-
timent in these States, which, when set free from the con-
trol now held over it by the presence of the confederate or
rebel power, will be sufficient to replace those States m
the Union. If I am mistaken ill this, if there is no such
sentiment there, if the people of those States are deter-
mined with unanimity, or with a feeling approaching to
unanimity, that their States shall not be members of this
confederacy, it is beyond the power of the people of the
Other States to force them to remain in tiie Union ; in that
contingency—in the contingency that there is not that
sentiment there—this war is not only an error, but it is a
crime!"
Not only committing himself as an anti-coer-
cionist and denying the power of the people of the
other States to coerce such States to remain in
the Union, thereby admitting that they were, if
the people thereof were determined with unanim-
ity, or feeling approaching it, not to, and tliatun-
der such circumstances the war which he said he
was conducting upon the idea that their feelings
were otherwise for the purpose of relieving them
from the control of the confederate or rebel power,
was not only an error but a crime. So the Pres-
ident was then not only an anti-coercionist, but
held that under such circumstances it was an er-
ror and a crime to be a coerctonist.
Would not the degradation of our Government
and people become sufficient for the gratification
of the cruel and morbid cravings and vengeance
of the most malignant and depraved under the
operation of this bill, did it contain no provision
requiring judges to discharge negrdes on habeas
corpus for their- freedom, as it provides fora tles 
potism in eaGh of the States in rebellion', and-for
the abolishment of slavery and equality of5 civil
rights therein in the contingencies which 1 have
mentioned? * • <>'•;
One of the designs of some of the advocates bf
this bill is to so oppress and reduce the "white in-
habitants of these States that they will, for relief
from physical suffering, consent to the degrada-
tion of the establishment of equal erHl rights be-
tween themselves and the liegro race, between
which races there is such an intellectual inequal-
ity and physical difference as to render political
or social equality most offensive to all the former,
save but the few of them so desiring. And such
political equality would bedegrading to the white
race, and to the extent that it might result in
amalgamation, an inevitable consequence, would
in timeextinguish both races, as would such so-
cial one increase such degradation and amalgama-
tion and enervate the white race; while a denial
of the latter to a race though so inferior and phys-
ically repulsive and so generally held irt' bondage,
when possessing such a political one, would re-
stilt in a war of races. And if so, and whododbts
it, such political equality would produce, through
a social one, such enervation, increase such deg-
radation and amalgamation, orbnaccountefstifeh
denial, such a war, and would as effectuallydie-
grade the national as the State governments, arid
render this a mongrel, enfeebled, and decaying re-
public, as the rights so conferred on the negro Ijy
such State governments would inure to him a& to
and all in all the departments of the General Gov-
ernment, in which he would be a political peer
with his white associates and colleagues, and as
such participate in making, expounding, and ex-
ecuting laws for the people of every State in the
Union.
Under the operation of the bill, should it re-
ceive the sanctions which ordinarily make bills
laws, would slavery remain the same? Would
the rights of the rebellious States and every hu-
man being in them remain subject to the same
laws and powers of administration, or would such
States be governed as tyrannically as any con-
quered people ever were? They would*. Al-
though the President, after the commencement of
the war, directed the Secretary of State, in the
dispatch to our minister to France to which I
have referred, to say:
" The condition of slavery in the several States wiii re-
main the same whether the revolution succeed or tail."
* * * * "There is nota prctextforlheeomplaint that
the disaffected Slates are to be conquered by the United
States it the revolution fail, for the lights of the States and
every human being in them will remain subject to exactly
the same laws and foiins of administration whether the
revoluion shall succeed or whether it fail,"
*,******** **
" They [referring to the framers of the Constitution] did
not expect that the practice of African slavery should be
abruptly teiminated to the prejudice of the peace andecon-
omy of the country. They therefore placed the entire con-5
trot of slavery as it was then existing heyoud tiie control
of the Federal authorities by leaving it to remain subject
Uj the exclusive management and disposition of the sev-
eia! States themselves, and fortified it there with a provis-
ion for the return of fugitives from labor and service, and
another seeming an allowance of three fifths ot such per-
sons in fixing the basis of duect taxation and repiesent-
ation."
And in one to our minister to England of the
10th April, 1861, that—
" For these reasons the President would not be disposed
to reject a cardinal doctrine of theirs [the lebels] namely,
that tiie Federal Government could not reduce the speed-
ing States to obedience by conquest, even though he were
deposed to question that proposition. But, in fact, tiie
President wiihtigiy acc< pts it as true. Only an imperial
or despotic fJovmiment could subjugate thoroughly dis-
affected and insurrectionary members of the State. This
Federal pepuhliean system of ours is of all forms of gov-
ernriicW tiie veiy one which is most uufitted for such
labor." t
That every promise so made has been wantonly
violated comment to show would be superfluous,
as it would to demonstrate that the tyranny ex-
ercised by the Administration over the people of
the adhering States was necessary to effect .the
designs of those who control it against those of
the rebellious States, and that the degradatiori to
which the former have been redueed is the vfr*
suit of such use of such means and the opera-
tion of the law of the organization of our Gov-
ernment* any violation of-which as against any
