T83
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
erection of a bridge would atop navigation, while tliere are
Other points whert: it might be possible to place piers with-
out interfering much with the navigation."
There are points where the erection of a bridge
would not only hinder and impede the navigation
but absolutely stop it entirely. If the bridge waf
located at a particular point on the falls where the
river runs with almost lightning rapidity, it would
be utterly impossible to stop a boat if the draw
■was not open,and ifarailroad train was justpass-
ing, it would be impossible to open the draw in
order to let the boat through, and then you would
have the same accidents which have characterized
the bridge at Rock island across the Mississippi.
" Second. The height proposed is too iow; there is no
low-water mark on the falls "—
Which may seem to be a paradox, but the
water runs away so rapidly over the falls that
the rise there, however much it may be above and
below, amounts to nothing. It is very much like
pouring molasses out of a pitcher: the stream may
be as thick as your wrist at the spout, and yet
by its accelerated velocity in falling, when itgets
near the floor it is almost as thin as a hair from
going so much more rapidly.
"The liver rises sometimes thirty feet; and when it is
safe for heavy boats to run over the falEs it would not give
forty feet above water, which would not let a steamer
under without chimneys."
It would not let the boats on the Ohio river
through even if they were to take off their chim-
neys entirely, and the chimneys themselves are
from forty to fifty feet above the hurricane deck
of the boats.
"Third. The proposed width of piers at tile schutes of
one hundred and fifty feet is entiiely too little. Our tow-
boats with their batges frequently require a width of two
hundred feet, and seldom less than one hundied and
twenty."
All this may seem strange to Senators, and yet
it is nevertheless true, and sometimes they not
only reach two-hundred feet, but they have even
gone down with a width of two hundred and
seventy feet. There will be, perhaps, twenty or
twenty-five of these barges all tied together, pre-
senting afrontof ten, twelve,and fourteen barges,
and in the inside of them a tug-boat with an en-
gine, driving that immense muss down the river,
and when it has taken them down it returns and
another set of barges are taken down in the same
way. Can it be supposed tlmt a boatman on one
of these floats in a dark night, if you please, in
a fog, in a storm, or in any of the thousand con-
tingencies which assail the boatman m his perilous
way, can hit with a boat two hundred l'eet wide
a passage two hundred and forty feet wide? If
he did hit it with an ordinary boat he would not
be doing a bad business; but certainly he could
not do it with the old broad-horn, the old flat-
boat. He might do it if he was out upon the land,
if he was in a forest where he had plenty of land-
marks, but when you throw him out 111 the nndst
of a river over four thousand feet wide, with
nothing but the current, nothing but the smooth
glassy surface of water to guide him, lie may be
two hundred and forty feet out of his way and
lie may be five hundred out of it, and he cannot
know it until he is almost upon the obstruction.
It ia not only the case with the piers in the
river, but it is the case with islands in the river.
Go down the river at any time you please, and at
the head of these islands you willlind wreck after
wreck of boats; and why? Were they only two
hundred and forty feet wide? The pier will be
only twenty-five or thirty feet. But it is impos-
sible to avoid these islands, presenting as they
do for a long distance this immense front, and the
boats run upon them; and yet here you suppose
that men can safely narrow themselves down to
a two hundred and forty feet channel in a river
of this width. Sir, it 13 impossible; it is not in
the nature of things. You may get up to it, be-
cause you come up very slowly, and if vou do
not happen to come up right, you can go back on
the falls as fast as you want to do; but if you are
coming down you cannot stop; you cannot change
your direction; you are at the mercy of this enor-
mous mass of floating matter, while your boat
has not power enough and you cannot give it
momentum enough to enable you to guide it or
to turn it.
" Now the danger of running the falls without any arti-
ficial obstructions is very grvat; and we tire satisfied that
with piers placed as proposed, it would he neaily impossi-
ble to run with any safety. We h.ive come to tins conclu-
sion, from our experience iu running the piers of the Steu-
benville bridge, which ate three hundred feet apart; and
this over a part of the river which does not run so wild as
it does at the falls."
" Resolved, That we do not wish to say or do anything
that wouid tend to h inder the erection of a railroad bridge
at a pioper place over or near the falls; but for the fote-
going reasons we earnestly request our Representatives in
Congress to use all their interest and powers to stop the
passage of said bill until the party asking for the privileg«
shall locate Jt in such a place as those who are interested
in the navigation of the aver shall consider it safe."
Now, Mr. President, one word more. "What
is this question? What is the length and breadth
of it measured in a pecuniary point of view ? It
is the carrying trade and travel of the Ohio river
on the one side, and the costof raising this bridge
forty-four feet more on the other side. Compare
the two—a mountain to a molehill, or rather a
mountain to that which vanishes away into noth-
ingness by the comparison. What would be
$200,000 or $300,000 or $500,000, if you please,
invested by these companies to raise the bridge
above the water one hundred feet, as it is at Cin-
cinnati, with a span of a thousand feet, compared
wuh the navigation of this great highway? What
right have they to claim it ? As 1 said before, i
have no doubt that in a single day that river,
when it is in freshet, would carry and does carry
more tonnage than all the railraods of the West
in a month. Then there is the lumber trade, too,
from western Pennsylvania; the rafts which go
down the Ohio are more than one hundred and
fifty and sometimes two hundred feet wide, and
sometimes containing acres with houses, horses,
and almost all the materials of civilized life on
these great rafts. They are frequently compelled
to go down the river in the night, because they
cannot land; theie are times when it is utterly
impossible for them to land; when the shore is
unsuited to them; when the wind is high; and
they must go on, no matter whether it is in the
fog or darkness or what may be the surrounding
circumstances, and you propose to build a wall
across it for the purpose of their running through
two hundred and forty feet of space 1 Why, Mr.
President, if this bill shall pass you might just
as well say that six hundred miles of that river
is to be cut off from the people above this bridge
or else they must all so to work and adapt them-
selves to its restriction; they must wear its strait-
jacket in order to accommodate themselves to it
for the simple purpose of saving to these rail-
road companies perhaps two or three hundred
thousand dollars which would enable them to put
a bridge there which nobody would complain of,
and one that would affect no public right.
I hope, therefore, that the bill will be recon-
sidered; and if it is reconsidered I shall move,
as I was obliged to do in the case of the Steuben-
ville bridge, as I had not notice of it, to recommit
it to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, when we can have an opportunity to
show, as we did show when that bill was smug-
gled through the Senate, that it was a violation of
the rights of the people, and have it so altered as
to preserve those rights.
Mr. POWELL. 1 fully concur with the hon-
orable Senator from Pennsylvania as to the great
advantage and importance of the Ohio river being
free and unobstructed, but I am very confident
that the construction of this bridge in the manner
indicated will not in any manner whatever affect
or obstruct the navigation of the river. If 1 be-
lieved that it would I would not be the advocate
of the bridge and the plan of construction pro-
posed.
* I live two hundred and twenty miles below the
falls of the Ohio, on the banks of that i*iver. i
have been familiar with its navigation from my
earliest boyhood. 1 have inquired of a large
number of the oldest and most intelligent steam-
boat men concerning this bridge, and they all tell
me that a bridge constructed in the mode pre-
scribed in this bill will not obstruct the navigation
of the river. The importance of the navigation of
the river being kept unobstructed is a matter that
must be well known to every Senator, I suppose
there is not a Senator in this Chamber who would
be for passing any law authorizing a bridge to be
built across that stream that he thought would ob- !
struct its navigation; but being entirely confident I
that the bridge will not obstruct the navigation of [
the river, 1 trust the Senate will refuse to recon-
sider it, and will let the bill go to the House for !
their consideration. !
it is a matter of the very greatest importance I
to the public interest that this railway bridge be
constructed across the falls of the Ohio river. It
is at that point that the roads from the Northwest
and the roads from Kentucky running soyth meet.
I have no doubt that every year since this war
commenced this Government has lost over a mil-
lion dollars in consequence of the obstruction of
transportation of freight and munitions of war
at that point. The two depots, the one of the
JeffersonviUe railroad and the other of the Louis-
villeand Nashville railroad,are distant some half
a mile or a mile from the river. The vast amount
of provisions and other Army supplies that pass
by rail to the Army south goes over the Louis-
villeand Nashville railroad and reachesthat point.
Then you have to employ wagons to carry them
to the river, and then they have to be ferried over
the river, and from thence to be carried to the
depot of the Louisville and Nashville road for
transportation south. There have been as many
as a thousand wagons employed at one time in
hauling the Government trains across that river.
The impediment, the delay, and the cost is im-
mense. That is known to every gentlemen who
lives upon that border. The Senate will bear in
mind that there is no railway having connection
with the South, Nashville for instance, that con-
nects with the Northwest, other than the Louis-
ville and Nashville railroad, and all the Gov-
ernment supplies, all the freights, and all the
passengers that pass there, other than those con-
nected with the Government that go by rail, have
to pass over the river at this point. Hence it is
a matter of very great importance and of great
public interest that a bridge be built there, and
built speedily.
The Senator from Pennsylvania is of the opin-
ion that it will obstruct the navigation of the river.
He is of the opinion too that the bridge is located
in the wrong place; that the currents are swift
there, and consequently the navigation will be
more impeded by such a bridge there than it
would be if built elsewhere. Allow me to tell
the Senator that in that matter he is very greatly
mistaken. I have investigated this matter m every
aspect in which it could be presented. I have
taken the opinions of the most sensible men who
have been engaged in the navigation of the river;
and since this motion to reconsider has been en-
tered I have talked with some of the steamboat
men who haVe been for thirty years engaged in
the navigation of the Ohio. I have called their
attention to the plan of this bridge, and they ail
tell me that it will not interfere with the navi-
gation.
The Senate must bear in mind that there is a
very small portion of the year when the naviga-
tion over the falls is open for boats ascending or
descending. Much the larger portion of the year,
in consequence of the obstruction created by the
t nils, there is no navigation of any kind there at
all except through the canal.
So far as the rapidity of the current there is
concerned, allow me to tell the Senator that when-
ever the river is of sufficient height to allow boats
to ascend and descend the river at the falls, there
is no more current there, or very little more, than
at other places. When the river is seven feet high
at the head of the falls, then it is some fifteen or
sixteen feethigh below the falls. When the river
is ten or twelve feet high at the.head of the falls,
then there is no greater current in consequence of
the falls, because at that height the current is level.
The falls of the Ohio are about two and a half
miles in length. At that distance the fall is some
twenty-six feet; but inconsequence of the rapid-
ity of the water passing over the falls at low tide,
when the river rises, and in consequence of the
narrows in the Ohio river, just below the fails
where the river passes through tortuous rocky-
bound hills, the river rises something over two
feet below the falls, while it rises one foot at the
head of the falls; and consequently a rise of ten
or twelve feet obliterates entnely the increased
currentin consequence of the falls, because twelve
feet at the head of the falls is over twenty-six feet
below the falls.
I hold in my hand a petition accompanied by
affidavits and statements upon that subject. The
petition is signed by Mr. Guthrie, the president of
the Louisville and Nashville Railroad Company,
and by Mr, Rioketts, president of the Jefferson-
ville Railroad Company, two very intelligent gen-
tlemen, both of whom have lived for many years
