APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
383:11 Cong....2d Sess.
. Meconstructioro—Mr. Smith.
Ho. of Reps.
member of the Union inevitably affects every
other, as hasthatof the rights of the States in re-
bellion by enthroning despotism without even
.tb.eqid'Of its usual concomitants, hereditary legis-
lation, primogeniture, and vast accumulations of
property with the few, where patriots who as our
public servants gave renown to our country sat,
«nd such despotism as has so far divested the
people $f each State of their vested rights, that
none of them so fully enjoy the immunity of
nopijlar suffrages, local legislation, benefit of laws,
liberty of conscience, privilege of habeas corpus,
fxee speech, free press, or trial by jury, without
.which there is none for life, reputation, home,
liberty, or property, as do the subjects of many
thrones and all which are guarantied by acts of
British freedom. And yet such despotism, not-
withstanding the professions, pledges, and as-
surances made to the pe,ople of this and other
countries, and violated, of which I have spoken,
and many more has become so powerful and at
times so defiant and audacious that its chief, in a
letter of the 4th of April last, to A. G. Hodges, of
Frankfort, Kentucky, and before his renomina-
tion for the Presidency, stated that he " felt that
measures otherwise unconstitutional might be-
come lawful by becoming indispensable to the
preservation of the Constitution through the pres-
ervation of the nation. Right or wrong, I as-
sumed this ground, and now I avow it;" and
although he in iiis inaugural said that he had
taken his official oath without mental reservation,
and had proclaimed the supremacy of theConsti-
tation,and hi$devotion thereto and determination
to maintain it, and officially admitted its efficiency
in this or any other crisis by instructing his Sec-
retary of Suite to say in a dispatch of the 10th of
April, 1861, to our minister at Great Biitain, that—
(t You will make no admissions ot weakness la our Con-
stitution, or of tippn-'ienslon on the part of the Govern-
ment. You will rather prove, as you easily can by corn-
paring the history of our country with that ol'oUier States
lb at its Constitution and Government are really the strong-
est and surest which liuve ever been enacted lor the safety
of any people."
He nevertheless through the power, terror
promises, blandishments, and smiles of such des-
potism procured his reelection. Is it not remark-
able that any one should feel that measures other
wise unconstitutional could under any circum-
stances become lawful unless he regards the
Constitution as the subject of circumstances, or
that the preservation of the creature (the nation)
should become indispensable to that through
which it was created (the Constitution ?)
- As it would in at least one case if it should ever
become necessary to preserve the Constitution
through the preservation of the nation, as the
government was created through the Constitu-
tion and can never survive it. And is it not
alarming that a President having such erroneous
conceptions of the Constitution our form of Gov
prnment and of the relations of the one to the
Other, has, as he says, assumed " that ground'"
and to arrogate and exorcise powers regardless of
the Constitution whenever he may think them in-
dispensable to preserve the Constitution through
the preservation of the nation, and consequently
without limitation ? His acts no more than his
desires, under such determination, will be con
trolled by the Constitution, and he will rule as he
desires withoutany constitutional restraints what-
ever, and is consequently a President at will of a
constitutional Government. And having done
what he has under acknowledged constitutional
restraints, what will he not do after having, as he
says,"nghtorwrong,"assumed such "ground,"
and having thereafter secured his renomination
and reelection ?
RECONSTRUCTION.
V
SPEECH OF HON. G. CLAY SMITH
Of KENTUCKY,
In the House of Rephesentatives,
Februanj 21,1865,
, On the special order, being the reconstruction bill.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, while all true
Union men differ in no respect whatever in the
great and absorbing idea of prosecuting the war
for the suppression of the rebellion and the res-
toration of the Union to peace, order, and liberty,
it does no,t follow that there must be mixed with
that idea, and inseparable from it, another dan-
gerous, impolitic, and unnecessary proposition,
that there can be no Union, no peftce, no estab-
lishment of law and order, without not only the
utter disregard of former rights of the citizen in
the rebellious States, universal confiscation of real
and personal estates, not only the total abolition
of slavery, but the perfect equality in alt respects
of the African race with the white. Amid the
melancholy and terrific scenes of the day, with
the bloody and devastating war all over the land,
inaugurated and persevered in by an ambitious
people for a separate independence, the perpetu-
ation and propagation of a peculiar institution,
violating alt the rules of well-regulated govern-
ment, the Constitution and laws of the best and
most beneficent country in the world, it is not
strange thatthoseloyalto the Government should
be united in their feelings and unyielding pur-
pose to put down that rebellion with whatever
force, expense, and sacrifice necessary or required.
Hence the first proposition I make needs rio de-
bate, and I will not occupy the time of the House
in discussing it.
But the question of what shall be done with
these people, their lands and other property, as
they are brought back again within our jurisdic-
tion , is a serious, important, and commanding one.
It is in fact the question before Congress; it is the
question before the country; it is the question in
restoring peace, and bringing our once happy land
back toitsoriginal greatness, strength,and glory.
Not only is it thequestion to bring us back to that
position, but upon its proper solution and settle-
ment depend the rapid advancement, the full de-
velopment, and high stand of our great country in
the catalogue of nations, and reaching that point
so much desired and prayed for by every Ameri-
can citizen.
In voting, therefore, for or against the bill be-
fore the House, I beseech gentlemen to consider
well, observe the present surroundings; look, as
the mariner, tempest-tossed and driven from his
latitude into dangerous and unknown' seas, at the
chart; mark the courses wetl; be sure you are in
the right'direction; hold firm to the rudder; look
also ahead, see where we are going, and into
what port we are to enter; then throw the sails to
the wind.
The insurrectionist, the bad man, the persist-
ent and headlong violator of law, the bandit and
guerrilla, must be punished, must be gotten rid
of, and made feel the terror of the law, the power
of the Government; with Others, not in the spirit
of revenge, unkindness, maliciousness, nor inhu-
manity, butasakind parent would punish a child
nay, punish severely, for^e benefitof the child
the happiness and prosperity of the family, obey-
ing a great and commanding duty, a law of hu-
manity and ofGod—so would I propose and adopt
a rule toward them. As a child is indebted for
its existence, its nurture, its life, its atl to the
parent, and therefore owes a reciprocal duty of
obedience, kindness, and defense; and for a failure
to perform these high natural and legal duties,
punishment, by human and divine law, by every
consideration of right andjustice is ordained and
should be executed against him; so should legiti-
mate condemnation and punishment be visited
upon those who have violated the obligations they
were under to the Government, their disregard of
the Constitution, the nullification of the laws, and
above all for the magnitudinous and almost un-
pardonable offense of raising their hands and
striking at the very life and future of their mother
country, the Government of the United States.
I do not doubt the right nor the power of the
Government, under the Constitution, to punish
treason by trial, judgment, and execution. The
Constitution declares he who commits treason
shall die; and the people owe it to themselves for
present and future protection toexecute this wise,
fundamental, and statutory law; and so far as 1
am apprised all the legislation of Congress has
been alone to do that which the Constitution and
interest of our country demanded.
The confiscation of property possessed by in-
surgents, rebels, traitors, is a right belonging to
every Government, and one which has never been
denied. It is a legitimate punishment inflicted
upon those who commit the highest crime known
to the law. Examples on this point are numer-
ous; the history of the Revolution of 1776 is re-
plete with evidence on this subject; and there is
no less reason to-day, in times like these, for the
faithful and rigid execution of such a rule or law
than there was in the beginning and infancy of
this Republic.
The fathers of the Republic believed it an es-
sential prerogative, an imperative duty, a legiti-
mate right, not only to bring the offender to pun-
ishment but to confiscate his property. January
6, 1776, General Washington said, in a letter to
Governor Cooke:
"I am informed that the Connecticut Assembly are very
unanimous m the common, cause; and, among other nets,
have passed one for raising and equipping a fourth of their
militia." * * * * " Another act for restrain-
ing and punishing persons inimical to us, and directing
proceedings therein, &e.'3 * * * * "An-
other act for seizing and confiscating for the use of the
colony the estates of those putting or continuing to shel-
ter themselves under the protection of the ministerial fleet
or army, or assisting them in carrying on their measures
against us." * * * * " The situation of
que affairs seems to call for regulations like these, and I
should think, the other colonies ought to adopt similar ones,
or such of them as they had not already made."
Thus, sir, did the Father of his Country, he who
was " first in war, first in peace, and first in tlie
hearts of his countrymen," advise the people
fighting for their independence, their happiness,
and their liberties. Hot only were the absolute
rebels, the men with arms in their hands, subjected
to this rigid rule, but also those who assisted thp
Tories " in carrying on their measures against the
colonies."
So also Benjamin Franklin, on the 7th day of
June, 1782, said:
« There can be little douht that every society may right-
fully banish from among them those who aim at tfs subver-
sion, and lorfeit the property which they can (inly be en-
titled tobythe laws and undei the protection of the society
which they attempt to destroy,"
Again, said Franklin, June 26, 1785:
" But we differ a little in our sentiments respecting the
loyalists (as they cull themselves,) and the conduct of Amer-
ica toward them." * * * * " Even the ex-
ample youpropose of the English Commonwealth's restor-
ing the estates of the royalLts after their being subdued,
seems rather to countenance and encourageour acting dif-
ferently, as probabiy if the power which always accom-
panies property hart not been restored to the royalists, if
their estates had remained confiscated and their persons had
been banished, they could not have so much contributed i 
the ie-*tor:Uion of kingly power, and the new government of
the republic might have been more durable."
So also was the colony of Maryland prompt
and decisive in her action on this subject, in a
convention of deputies, on the 4th day of July,
1776, an ever-memorable day, was emphatically
declared and published the following resolution:
" Resolved, That if any inhabitant of this colony shall,
after the 5th of August next, within or without this colony,"
* * * * «levy wuragainstthe United Colonies,
or any of them, &c.,such person, on conviction thereof,"
* * * * "shall suiter death, without benefitof
clergy, and .forfeit all the reul estate which he had at the
time of the commission of the crime, to be applied to the
use of the colony."
Subsequent to the passage of this resolution,
the history of that colony shows that property
was confiscated, and that persons were severely
punished. The Loyalist of the American Revo-
lution, volume one, page 80, says:
" Maryland seized, confiscated, and appropriated all prop^
erty of powons in allegiance to the British Crown, and ap-
pointed commissioner to carry out the terms of their stat-
utes which were passed to eilect these purposes."
I might stop here, Mr. Speaker, and content
myself with the belief that these were examples
enough from the original history of the Republic
to sustain my point; but in these days of caviling
and disregard of the advice and warning of our
fathers I will ask indulgence a little further.
Pennsylvania, that' proud old Keystone State,
the State 1 love and honor, and that has done so
much for the Union, far back in the beginning of
our Government, through her patriots and states-
men,gave lessons of justice,protection, and wis-
dom which will be of great service to gentlemen
now present, if they would but heed them. Penn-
sylvania, on the 5th of March, 1776, passed an
act, the preamble of which reads: " Whereas
Government ought at all times to take the most;
effective measures for the safety and security of
the States." It ordained and declared:
" That all and every" * * * * «personand
persons," * * * * " owing allegiance to
the State of Pennsylvania, who, from and alter the paWi-
