1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
791
of the present measure is apparent in certain fa-
miliar precepts of the Constitution, which were
brought'to view in the title and preamble of the
bill as introduced by me, but which have been
omitted in the bill now before us. The title of
the bill as introduced by me was, 44 to facilitate (
commercial, postal, and military communication
among the several States." This title opens the
wholfcconstitutional question. This wasfollowed
by a preamble, as follows:
" Whereas the Con <t it at ion of the United States confers
upon Congress, in express term*, the power to regulate
commerce among th e .several State*, to establish post roads,
and to raise and suppoit armies : Therefore, Be it enacted
In these few words three sources of power are
clearly indicated, either of which is ample; but
the three together constitutean overrunning fount-
ain.
First. There is the power " to regulate com-
merce among the several States." Look at the
Constitution and you will find these identical
words. From the great sensitiveness of States
tfiis power lias been always exercised by Con-
gress with peculiar caution; but it still lives to be
employed by an enfranchised Government.
In asserting this power I follow not only the
text of the Constitution,but also the authoritative
decisions of the Supremo Court of the United
States. Perhaps there is no question in our con-
stitutional history which has been more clearly
illustrated by our greatest authority, Chief Justice
Marshall. In the well-known case where the
State of New York had undertaken to grant an
exclusive right to navigate the waters of New
York hy vessels propelled by steam, the illustri-
ous Chief Justice, speaking for the court, declared
the restriction to be illegal, because it interfered
with commerce between the States precisely as is
now done by New Jersey. In his opinion com-
merce was something more than traffic or the
transportation of property. It was also "the
commercial intercourse between nations and parts
of nations in all us branches," and it embraced
by necessary inference all inter-Stale communica-
tions and the whole subject of intercourse between
the people of the several States. It was declared
that the power of Congress over the subject was
not limited by State lines, but that it was coex-
tensive with commerce itself according to the en-
latged signification of the term. Here are the
words of Chief Justice Marshall:
<{ But in tegulating commerce with foreign nation*?, the
power or'Congress does not^top at the jurisdictional liuea
of the several States. It would be a verv Useless power if
11 could not pass these lines. Tiic commcice of the Uni-
ted State's with foreign nation's j«s that of the whole United
States. Eveivdi^trict lias a right to participate in it. The
deep streams winch penetrate out country in every dnec-
tjon pass through the mtm lor of almost eveiv State 111 the
Union. ;in;i luiueh the means (or exercising tin* light. If
Congre^ has the power to i cgulnlc it. that poivcj must be cx-
crcncrf iihereicr the subject vxnts. Ji it, \\ ulnn the
States, if a foieign voyage may commence or terminate at
a port within a State,'then the power of Congress may he
eveicised within a State."—Gibbons vs. Ogden^iVhcaton,
196.
This important decision of the Supreme Court
was before railroads. It grew out of an attempt
to appropriate certain navigable thoroughfares of
the Union. But it is equally applicable to these
other thoroughfares of the Union, where the rail-
road is the substitute for water. It is according
to the genius of jurisprudence, that a rule once
established governs all cases which come within
the original reason on which it was founded.
Therefore i conclude corfidently that the power
of Congress over internal commerce by railroad
is identical with that over internal commerce by
water. But this derision does not stand alone.
Air. Justice Story, who was a member of the
Supreme Court at this time, in a later decision
thus explains the extent of this power:
" Ft does not stop at the mere boundary line of a State ;
nor is it confined to act-- done on the water, or in the ne-
eessarycotuse of tin; navigation thereof It extends, to tuck
act* done on land as interfere iriM, obstruct, or prevent the
f) ee cccet c ivc of the powei to regulate commerce with foreign
'nation- <uid among the States.'"'— United States vs. Coombs,
12 Peters,'*#.
From various cases illustrating this power, I
call attention to that known as the Passenger
case, where the Supreme Court declared that the
statutes of New York and Massachusetts impos-
ins; taxes upon alien passengeis arriving at the !
ports of those States was in derogation of the Con- '
stmuion. On this occasion Mr. Justice McLean
said:
" Shall passenger**, admitted !>y act of Congress without
a tax, be taxed by a Sidle? The supposition of such a
power in a State is utterly inconsistent witli a commeicial
power either paramount or exclusive in Congiess."
Mr. Justice Grier said, with great point:
To what purpose commit to t'on^ress the power of
legulating our inteicourse with foreign nations and among
tin; States, if these regulations may be chunked at Lite discre-
tion of each. State *>,-*-* It is. there-
lore, not left to the discretion of racb State of the Union
either to refuse aright ot passage to persons or property or to
cxact a duty on pci mission to exercise it."—7Howaid, 464.
But this is the very thing that is now done by
New Jersey, which "exacts a duty" from pas-
sengers across the State.
Mr. JOHNSON. Do I understand the Sena-
tor to be quoting from the passenger case?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. That was a case where the
legislation of Massachusetts was brought before
the court.
Mr. SUMNER. I have already stated that
there were twoStdtes offendersat that time; there
is now only one.
1 call attention also to the case of the Wheel-
ing bridge, where Congress, under peculiar cir-
cumstances, exercised this identical power. In
this case the State of Pennsylvania claimed the
power to limit and control the transit across the
Ohio river to the State of Ohio, and this power
was affirmed by the Supreme Court so long as
Congress refrained from legislation on the sub-
ject. Hut under the pressure of a public de-
mand, and in the exercise of the very powers
which are now invoked, Congress has declared
the Wheeling; bridge to be a lawful structure,
anything in any State law to the contrary not-
withstanding. The Supreme Couit,after the pas-
sage of this act, denied a motion to punish the
owners of the bridge for a contempt in rebuilding
it, and affirmed that^.he act declaring the Wheel-
ing bridge a lawful structure was withm the legiti-
mate exercise by Congress of its constitutional
power to regulate commerce. (13 Howard, 528.)
But it is this very power which is here invoked
in a case more impoitant, and far more urgent,
than that of the Wheeling bridge.
There is also another case where Congress lias
cxercised this power precisely as is now pro-
posed. I refer to the Steubenviiie bridge and Hol-
iday's Cove railroad across the Ohio, in what is
called the Panhandle of Virginia. This bridge
was at first attempted under a charter granted
by Virginia, but Congress at last interfered and
enacted:
" That the bridge*partly constructed across the Ohio river
at SteubenviUc in the State of Ohio, abutting on the Vir-
ginia ,«dior<s of said river, is heieby declated to be a lawful
sit iieture.
<k That the said bridge and Holliday's Cove railroad are
berebv declined a public highway and established a post
road for the purpose or tiansnussion of mails of the United
States."—12 Statutes at Laige, 5Gt).
Such are the precedents of courts and of stat-
utes showing how completely this power be-
longs to Congress in the regulation of interna!
commerce. The authorities are plum and explicit.
They cannot be denied. They cannot be ex-
plained away. It would be superfluous to dwell
on them. There they stand like so many granite
columns, fit supports of that internal commerce
which in itself is a chief support of the Union.
Secondly. There is also the power "to establish
post roads," which is equally explicit. Here,
too, the words are plain, and they have received
an authoritative exposition. It is with reference
to these wotds that Mr. Justice Sioiy lemarks
that " constitutions of government do not tuin
upon ingenious subtleties, but are adapted to the
business and exigencies of human society; and
the powers given are understood, m a large sense,
in order to secure the public interests. Common
sense becomes the guide and prevents men from
dealing with mere logical abstractions." (Story,
Commentaries on Constitution, vol. 2, sec. 1134.)
The same learned authority, in considering these
words of the Constitution, seems to have antici-
pated the very question now under consideration.
Here is a passage which may fitly close the ar-
gument on this head:
" Let a case be taken when State policy"—
As, for instance, in New Jersey nt this time—
<c ot State hostility shall lead the Lec^huiire to eloso up or
discontinue a load, t ho neat cs-t ;ind the hrst bet w ecu I wo
gieat States, nvals, peihap<, for the trade and mieieom-e
oi a tluid State ; &haii it be paid that Cow/res-. has no light
lo make oi tepair a road foi ke< ping open lor the mail the
he->t means ot communication between those Stairs ? .May
the national Government be compelled to take the most
inconvenient and indirect routes for the mail? In other
words, have the States the power to say how, and upon what
rouds3 the mads shall and shall not travel 7 If &o5 then, ia
relation to post roads, the States, and n< t the Union,
fupreme."—Stoiy, Commentaries on the Constitution, vol.
2, sec. 1144.
Thirdly. Then comes the power " to raise and
supportarmies;"an unquestionable power lodged
in Congress. But this grant carries with it, of
course, all incidental powers necessary to the ex-
ecution of the principal power. It would be ab-'
surd to suppose that Congress could raise an
army, but could not authorize the agencies re-
quired for its transportation from place to place.
Congress lias not been guilty of anysuch ab-
surdity. Already it has by formal act proceeded
" to authorize the President of the United States
in certain cases to take possession of railroads and
telegraphs,and for other purposes." (12Statutes
at Large, p. 334.) By this act the Piesident is
empowered " to take possession of any or all the
railroad lines in the United States, their rolling
stock, their offices, shops, buildings, and all their
appendages and appurtenances," and it is de-
clared that any such railroad " shall be consid-
ered as a post road and a part of the military
establishment of the United States." Here is
the exercise of a broader power than any which
is now proposed. The less must be contained in
the greater.
Mr. Piesident, such are the three sources of
power in the Constitution, each and all applicable
to the present case. Each is indisputable. There-
fore the conclusion, which js sustained by each,
is three times indisputable.
So plain is this power that it has been admitted
by New Jeisey m a legislative act, as follows:
" Sec. 6. Be it enacted. That when any oilier railroad or
roads* for the tian?poitauon of passengers and propeuy be-
tween New Yoik and Philadelphia aeioss thi*. State *hall
he constructed and used for thai purpose under or by vii-
tue of any law of this Slate or the United States author-'
izing o? /crojjnt^irtis said roa</, that thou and in that case
the s.iid dividends shall be no longer payable to the tftafe,
and the t-aid stock shall be letran&feired to the company by
the treasurer of tin-State."
Thus, in formal words, has New Jersey act-
ually anticipated the very measure now under
consideration. All that is now proposed so far
as New Jersey is concerned is simply to rccognize
other railroads for the transportation of passengers
and property between New York and Philadelphia
across this State.
Such is the argument in brief for the consti-
tutionality of the present bill, whether it be re-
garded as a general measure applicable to all the
railroads of the country, or only applicable to the
railroads of New Jersey. The case is. so plain and
absolutely unassailable that 1 should leave it on
tins simple exhibition if the Senator from Mary-
land, [Mr. Johnson,] who always brings to these
questions I he authoi ity of professional reputation,
had not mosWzealously aigued the other way.
Accoidmg to him, the bill is unconstitutional.
Let me say, however, that th^ conclusion of the
learned Senator is only slightly sustained by the
reasons which he assigns. Indeed his whole elab-
oiate argument, if biought to the touchstone, will
be found inconclusive and unsatisfactory.
The Senator opened with the proposition that
the internal commerce of a State is within the ex-
clusive jurisdiction of the State, and from this h&-
argued that the present bill is unconstitutional.
But the Senator will allow me to say that his prop-
osition is not sufficiently broad for his conclu-
sion. Tfie present bill does not touch the internal
commerce of a State, except so far as it may be a
link in the chain of " commerce among States,"
which is commuted by the Constitution to the
jutisdiction of Congress. Mailt this distinction,
I pray you; for it is essential to a right under-
standing of the case.
Prom this inapplicable proposition the Senator
passed to another equally inapplicable. Pie as-
serted that the jurisdiction ofa State over all ter-
ritory wuhin its limits was exclusive, so that the
United Slates cannot obtain junsdiction over any
| portion thereof, except by assent of the State;
and from this again he argued the unconstitution-
[ alky of the present bill. But this very illustration
| seems to have been anticipated by Mr. Justice
j Stoiy in his learned Commentaries, where he
' shows conclusively, first, that it is inapplicable,
' and secondly, that i->o far as it is applicable, it is
I favorable to the power. Here are his words:
I u The clause respecting regions of territory for the seat
! of Government, and lor foils, arsenals, doek-yaids, &c.,
