1865.]
APPENDIX TQ THE CONaEESSIONAIiJJLQSB.
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Grider,
Ho. of Rbps.
philanthropy; let your souls go out to a noble
people who amid all the conflicts of war, bloody
war, devastating war, have proven themselves
your friends, the unchangeable friends of the
country. Let these States come back now, let
their Representatives take seats, and discuss with
us the great principles involved in this contro-
versy, the reconstruction of the Union; they are
our brothers, brothers in kind, brothers in blood,
brothers in feeling and sympathy, in patriotism
and philanthropy, in Union and in war. Let
them come in. Sir, I care not what others may
do; as for me, I will reach out my hand to them,
grasp it warmly, heartily, fervently, and say,
"Welcome brother; you have come up through
(ire and blood and war, but your escutcheon is
clear and bright, your record untarnished; you are
of us and with us; I welcome you here." Do this,
sir, and you gladden the hearts of thousands of
people all through.tjie South; they will turn their
eyes toward you, their hearts toward you, and by
their virtues, their will, their love of country and
that flag, will form a society, a community, a
government, a power in the South which no other
on earth can overturn.
W hat aglorious day would that be! How happy
would be Jthe American heart, how astonished
would be the world ! England's neutrality would
be converted into friendship and sympathy;
France would hesitate at her movements on this
continent; our friends in Europe would rejoice and
take strength, and the rebellion dwindle away like
dew before the morning sun, and peace,glorious
peace, be restored to this distracted country.
Gentlemen say all the territory of these States
is not within our jurisdiction, that it requires an
army there to hold it. Admit it. There is a
large army in and around this city; it is here to
hold it. There is a large army in Maryland; it
is there to hold it. There is one in Kentucky,
one in Missouri, one in West Virginia; they are
there to hold them. Hold them against whom?
Against the threatening armies of the rebellion,
the men who would march all over the land and
destroy it as they went. Are you to prevent the
organization of society, of government, because
armies are there? Why,sir, they were sentthere
to do this thing, to restore that which had been
destroyed, to give the people the right to resume
their position in society and government, and
open up that commercial and. manufacturing in-
terest which alone gives a nation power and
strength and places her among the first.
War is sustained alone by commerce and manu-
factures; it is a question of capital. We know
now that its prolongation depends upon capital;
without capital it must cease; and capital is pro-
duced only by commerce and manufactures.
Hence the North is being successful; it is a large
manufacturing and commercial country; its capi-
tal therefore is limitless. We can prosecute the
war for fifty years; the South is not so; it has
been alone a producing country; itdepended upon
the North for seamen, for ships, for machinery,
for manufactures; and when they were cut off,
their cotton laid in piles or rotted in the field or
pen. They had to depend upon foreign Powers
for alt we before had furnished them; they had
to go abroad and borrow capital; they have no
manufactories now, they have no machinery,
they have no commerce; hence they must suffer,
linger, and lingering die.
Now, then, what ought we to do? Take in all
these States as they ask to come with republican
forms of government; let our people intermix,
establish manufactures among them, open their
rivers and ports to commercial trade, take out
their cotton, rice, sugar, corn, hay, fabrics of
every description, and you produce capital, you
gain strength at home and demand respect and
attention abroad.
The Presidentof the United States tells us that
the population of the United States, save those in
rebellion, is greater than it was when the war be-
gan, notwithstanding we have sent two million
men to the field. Those people are in the North;
the South has become more or less depopulated.
The North is crowded, the South sparse. Lands
in the North are dear, in the South cheap; in the
North comparatively scarce, in the South abun-
dant. Then open the door wide, invite all to go,
put your boa® on rivers, your ships on the sea,
cars to running, and England and Prance, all
Europe, instead of feeling jealous of us and work-
ing for our destruction, will open the doors for
their superabundance of laboring men, and mil-
lions of people will, in a very short time, fill the
land. Our own northern brethren will emigrate
South, new relations will be cultivated between
the northern man and the southerner.
New Orleans had scarcely been possessed by
the Union Army than hundreds and thousands
from the,North rushed there for business. So
with Vicksburg,Memphis,Nashville,Savannah,
and now from every section men who dared not
heretofore go South are asking to establish busi-
ness in Charleston, South Carolina. Wilming-
ton is open for trade; let it be so. Cultivate those
who would be good and loyal; let them and us
become friends; open trade, and let them see that
the United States is the Government to do this
thing, protect and foster them. Do this; invite
Union people to all points, and Charleston, Sa-
vannah, New Orleans, and Wilmington are for-
ever ours. They cannot get them back. Eng-
land and France must come to these points South
for trade, and they will come, and when these
loyal people and others,too, see these portsfilled
with foreign vessels,they will rush with what-
ever they have, and open a commerce heretofore
unknown to America.
But, Mr. Speaker, I cannot indulge further. I
have but a word to say and I have done. Do we
not all consider that these States are ours, these
people belong to us? Yes, we certainly feel so.
Then let us legislate" in a proper spirit, not be too
harsh, and great good, in my humble judgment,
will come of it. 1 know these people better than
most of you. I have been among them ever
since the war; I have seen them and talked with
them. Last summer I was in Tennessee, Arkan-
sas, and Louisiana. I know I reflect to-day their
opinions, their feelings; and I am proud to stand
here and speak for them; I am proud to be able
to say that they desire that the North and the
South shall be one country and one people, and
that they are laboring for that end. The time is
coming when it will be so; when all of us can be
free and equal in every State; when the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania can go South, and the
native of Charleston can go North; when that
time comes—
" The northern pioneer shall go joyful on his way
To wed Penobscot's waters with San Francisco's bay;
To make the rugged places smooth and sow the vales
with grain,
And bear, with liberty and law, the Bible in his train.
The mighty West shall bless the East, and sea shall an-
swer sea,
And mountain unto mountain call, 'Praise God, foe
we are Free !'"
V
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
SPEECH OP HON. HENRY GRIDER,
OP KENTUCKY,
In the House of Representatives,
February 21, 1865,
On the proposed amendment to the Constitution of the
United States.
Mr. GRIDER. I shall trouble the House but
a short time. When this rebellion broke out,
the declaration of the American people not in
rebellion was in favor of "the Constititution as
it is," no change or amendment. And in favor
of " the Union as it was." We declared, we
stand by our flag and our rights and in the Union,
and defend them there. The whole object of the
Government at the beginning of this rebellion
pointed to this end, not to revolution nor amend-
ments, and the people'concurred in this view.
None contemplated changing the condition and
relations of the people to each other, or their
government in the States, whether free or slave,
either by legislation, by proclamations, or mili-
tary power, nor by an amendment to the Consti-
tution. This the record fully illustrates. In Jan-
uary, 1861, the House passed a resolution stating
that "neither the Federal Government nor the
people, nor government of slavehoidmg States,
have a purpose or constitutional right to legislate
upon or interfere with slavery in any_ of the
States of the Union." Tiiis same sentiment is
differently and strongly expressed in the Chicago
platform that nominated JMr. Lincoln: >,
" That the maintenance inviolate of the rights of the
States, and especially the right of each State to prder and
coutrul its own domestic Institutions according to its own
judgment exclusively, is essentia! to the balance 6f pfm-er
on which the perfection and endurance of our fabric de*
pend." ,
If these resolutions were right then/ are they
not right now ? Each State to order and control
its own domestic institutions, in its own way, by
its laws, under its own constitution, granting to
every other State the same privilege; this is es-
sential to the balance of power on which hang's
the perfection and endurance of our fabric. This
is the hinge on which our Federal Government
turns. By law we cannot interfere .with these
domestic institutions. If the perfection and en-
durance of our Federal Government depend upon
the freedom of the States in the exercise of this
acknowledged right, I ask, have you the power
so to amend the Constitution of the Federal Gov-
ernment as to interfere with the States. The
States had these rights before the Federal Gov-
ernment was formed or adopted; they never stir-
rendered these rights, but, on the contrary; re-
tained them in the formation of the General Go¥*
ernment; and without such retention the General
Government never would have been formed. The
right to hold slaves never was derived from the
Federal Government; but when the Federal Gov-
ernment was formed its Constitution warranted
the right to hold slaves to the States.
But if the powerexists to pass this constitutional
amendment, is it expedient? We have glanced
upon this subject at the spirit and purport of the
Federal Constitution as to slavery. The resolu-
tions we have quoted are but brief statements of
the spirit and principles of the Constitution,
looked to by the people pending this fearful crisis,
when every loyal Slate and every individual in-
terest should not be put in danger, but, on the
contrary, guarded with the more vigilance as tha
danger may have increased.
Sir, while it is the duty of the Government to
"enforce the laws, suppress insurrection, and re-
pel invasion," it is equally the duty of the Gov-
ernment not to assume authority belonging to
others, nor disregard the rights of individual
claims, privileges, and property long since vested
in them and warranted to them by all the sanc-
tions of law and the Constitution, both State and
Federal. In this age, constitutions and funda-
mental laws have been looked to as of high con-
sideration, and the wisest and most discreet are
summoned to the task of calm and mature delib-
eration in their formation and adoption when any
change is supposed to be necessary; but it never
could be regarded wise and prudent to abandon
or alterconstitutionsin the midst of a passionate,
afflicting, and furious rebellion, a rebellion that
calls for all the power, coolness, and determination
of our Government to avert the fearful efforts that
so persistently threaten the dismemberment and
ruin of our Government.
I ask, sir, in all soberness, in the name of com-
mon sense, if this hour of suffering excitement,
malicious feeling, an.d partisan bitterness is the
time for deliberation and kindly, hopeful, safe
conference upon constitutional amendments. I
voted against the amendment last session and
heard no complaint from my constituents, and
see no reason to change my action, in view of
the duty I owe to myself, my State, and my whole
country. The amendment to the Constitution,
if adopted, will certainly be subversive of every
power and principle supposed by the people to
belong exclusively to the people of each State for
themselves. I apprehend it was so regarded by
the framers of the Constitution; and all but one
of the States, when it was framed, were slave
States. The Slates of the Federal Government
have all alike acquiesced in this view, this prin-
ciple, and no action has ever been taken, except
by the Slates, at their own suggestion, to become
divested of slavery. And although there has been
much useless and foolish anxiety and agitation
for years upon the subject, such a seheme, such
action as is now proposed, never was conceived
until the fury of party zeal devised this action,
while many loyal men, women, and children in-
volved m Use question are unrepresented. Is it
not best to act with caution ami not hurry rashly
