m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 2 I,
38th-Cons....2d Sess.
Constitutional Amendment—Mr. Grider.
Ho. OF BEPS.
and boldly to do what may be done without au-
thority and what may not be best, what can be
fidne hereafter by those peculiarly involved in
the interest, if so decided, and that becomes ne-
cessary. Washington said we ought to resist
with care the spirit of innovation upon the prin-
ciples of the Constitution, however specious the
pretext; known and acknowledged rights, legal
*md constitutional, long acquiesced in,ought not
to be disregarded, cannot be disregarded.
If every other influence was in favor of this
amendment, there is one overwhelming reason
against it, Slave property is held by the State
constitution, by municipal law, usage, acquies-
cence, and the warrants of the Federal Govern-
ment. It is therefore as much a vested right as
your title to lands, to capital, stocks, and ship-
ping; you hold all alike under the usage, the law,
and Constitution.
1 deny, therefore, that the Government can by
legislation or constitutional amendments deprive
the owners of the services, emancipate slaves of
Kentucky, without first making compensation
therefor, any more than the Government can take
your land, capital, stocks, and shipping. The
Government must pay the citizen for whatever
property is taken from the citizen, not at a de-
preciated price and deterioration of the property,
especially if produced by the action, not of the
rebellion mainly, but by our Government, the
impolicy and unconstitutionality of our laws, the
useless and hurtful collision brought upon sla-
very. There must be " adequate compensation"
first made before emancipation, no matter how or
by whom it is done. This is not proposed. This
has not been done. This is not intended. How
much pay have you got for the slaves wrongfully
enlisted in Kentucky? Where is your commis-
sioner to value them, promised by law in July
last? None yet appointed. This constitutional
amendment is but the consummation of a series
of partisan acts which have been passed, brought
to bear designedly,not from necessity, against the
constitutional rights of a loyal State, and means
exactly what Mr. Webster meant when he said:
" I hate often expressed that over slavery, as it exists,
thlsGovernment has no control whatever; it is entirely and
exclusively u State concern."
And while it is thus clear that Congress has
no direct power over the subject, it is our duty to
take care that the authority of this Government
is not brought to bear upon it by any indirect in-
terference whatever. Now if this indirect inter-
ference wiLh which I charge the Federal Govern-
ment has depreciated the pioperty so that it is
worth now some forty million; in 1863some fifty
or sixty million; in I860 some hundred and eight
million, then the General Government is bound
to pay for the slaves, giving an adequate price, if
8he forces the emancipation, without the consent
of Kentucky, or even with her consent, for the
State cannot compromise the vested constitutional
rights of the citizen. Can it be done without
compensation? Certainty not; neither law nor
constitutional amendments can take from the citi-
zen vested rights without compensation. Itisas
legal, moral, and in as good faith to do itone way
as the other. Take private property without
compensation ? No civilized or Christian nation
ever did it. The history of England, i believe,
shows when she by law emancipated she paid
the owners for theit slaves; but she had no State
or Federal Constitutions to direct her, merely a
sense of honor and moral justice. And to be con-
stitutional, moral, just, and honest, so must our
Government pay if they emancipate.
If our Government must pay for the slaves
emancipated—and this 1 think none can deny—
where is the authority to raise the money, the au-
thority to tax the free States and those not hold-
ing slaves to pay for this emancipation? How
can you raise this money from the whole people,
or take it from the Treasury? There is no such
authority found in the Federal Constitution. I
know you have done it in.this District, and sup-
ported contrabands and paupers, but this proves
nothing but partisan boldness and recklessness.
Wh<>re is the grant, the power given? The
powers not granted to the United States are re-
served to the Stale# respectively and the people.
Upon the subject of slavery, to the Federal Gov-
ernment there is no power given it to manage,
continue it, or discontinue it. All it has to do, by
the Constitution, is to warrant it to the States,
where the exclusive power exists to hold or free
the slaves if compensation be made. There is
no power, norany power thatcan be incidentally
inferred, warranting this constitutional legisla-
tion in the name of amendment, overriding the
acknowledged rights of the citizen and the State.
Then, if you cannot carry out the amendment
without compensation, and have no powerto raise
the money, it follows the constitutional amend-
ment ought not to be adopted, and in this view
you are at once remitted back to the long-cher-
ished and admitted principles of the Government
that entered into the .very elements of its forma-
tion. That the Federal Government has noth-
ing to do with slavery but to warrant it to the
States, and the States in their own time, and in
their own wisdom, and in their own mode, if
they choose to divest themselves of slavery, may
do it as it always has been done by States, cer-
tainly, however, always providing for their well-
being in kindness and humanity.
I see in a published speech of a distinguished
friend and gentleman of the Kentucky Legisla-
ture a mistaken view of the record in regard to
compensated emancipation for Kentucky. He
says:
" But in the summer of 1862, fearing that the policy of
the nation in regard to the slaves of the insurgents might
have to he changed by reason of the persistency of treason
upon this isf-ue, and knowing that in the ruin of the sys-
tem in the seceded States would be involved its destruc-
tion in the loyal States, the President jnoposed to ua a
scheme of compensated emancipation. This, would have
secured to uj, to Kentucky, $65,000,000 for our slaves."
The gentleman is wholly mistaken. Emanci-
pation was proposed to most of the border-State
men. They disavowed any authority over it in
Congress, stated the State and State authorities
were the competent and only authority by which
emancipation could be initiated, but further said
they could not propose it to the people, even if it
was proper, without some certainty as to indem-
nity and compensation. Mr. Lincoln admitted
the force of the suggestion, and said he could not
insist otherwise,and remarked that if Congress
would not make the appropriation u that knocked
the bottom out of the tub," and he had " not
another word to say;" and in view of this very
question of compensation for emancipated slaves
the border-State men said, referring it to the
people of their States:
" Before they ought to consider the proposition it should
be presented in such a tangible, piactical, efficient shape
as to command their confidence, that its fruits are contin-
gent only upon their acceptance. We cannot trust any-
thing to the contingency of futuie legislation. If Congress,
by proper and necessary legislation, shall provide sufficient
funds jmd place them at your disposal, to be applied by
Vou jo the payment of any of our States or the citizeus
t\ptfeof who shall adopt the abolishment of slavery, either
gradual or immediate as they may determine, and the ex-
pense of deportation and colonization of the liberated
slaves, then will our States and people take this proposi-
tion into careful consideration for buch decision as m their
judgment is demanded by their interests, their honor, and
their duty to the whole country."
This paper was signed by some twenty border-
State men, all from Kentucky but one or two.
So far, this is the true history; and it is a great
mistake that at any time Kentucky was ever m
a position to get $65,000,000, or any other sum,
for compensated emancipation. But it is truethe
President did send a message asking a fund for
this purpose. Mr. White,of Indiana,! believe,
under said message, reported a bill for the pur-
pose, winch was not acted upon, and finally re-
ported back to the House and indefinitely post-
poned,and thereby, for reporting said bill, lost his
nomination to next Congress. This is the end,
so far as i know, of Kentucky compensated eman-
cipation. I ask pardon for this digression.
You observe, however, among other things in
this border-State extract, deportation and coloni-
zation are prominently set forth. This would avoid
that terrible impoverishment and demoralization
spoken of in Governor Dennisori's message, of
Ohio, now Postmaster General. Immediateeman-
cipation of some three million negroes, (for some
one million have already perished by the improper
interference with slavery,) without colonization, ;
is ruin for the time to both races, and final exter- ]
ruination to blacks. I
"An act of immediate general emancipation, throwing i
four million colored caste loose on society, North and South, <
would leave them more enslaved than they are now. With-
out the intelligence, power, and means of a master of the
superior race to support tliem in the competition of that
race in the business of life they would perish. The North
rejecting them, as it has done in many States, and might
do in others, the four million let loose in the South would
encounter a war ot castes—a war of extermination."
I am not willing to risk these great additional
evils by going for the constitutional amendment,
never necessary,and the very pretext fur it brought
on by every possible mode of indirect interference
on the part of the General Government and its
unrestrained agencies. If slavery had been let
alone, and the Government and its agencies had,
according to the Crittenden resolution, announced
in substance there was to be no interference with
slavery, we would have avoided this whole con-
troversy and its evils, directed our whole atten-
tion to the rebellion, and accomplished the great
end of a full, peaceful, complete integrity of the
Union upon the unamended basis of the Consti-
tution! The slaves would mostly have staid at
home, if the master had been permitted to exer-
cise a humane, reasonable, ordinary influence
with his servants; if they had not been seduced
and protected, by agencies too well known, from
the control of the master, under the power of the
unconstitutional additional Article of War, which
was passed on purpose and to this very end, to
disturb and demoralize the institution! So soon
and ever since the Government quit the pure, true
principles of the Crittenden resolutions, which
every man sanctioned solemnly by his vote upon
oath, making a clear, full exposition of the spirit
and philosophy, limitations, and power of the Con-
stitution, and ordered in all wisdom how this re-
bellion ought to be managed, to end and purpose.
It countenanced no emancipation; that certainly
ought to be left for consideration when the rebel-
lion is over—ought to be suggested by the people
in their proper capacity, and not by partisan poli-
ticians. Nor did it suggest any equality and
blending of races in all the walks, lights, and
privileges of the American citizen.
But now, to give plausibility to this constitu-
tional amendment, and keep up with party and
leaders of the party, you must insist upon equal
rights and privileges to the freedmen at the ballot-
box, full eligibility to office—no half-way free-
dom, but the investment of full, complete immu-
nities and rights under the Constitution, as all
other citizens, withoutany abatements or distinc-
tion. Yes, sir, more; they are to have the full
protection of the General Government, shielded
and governed by all the power of the Army and
Navy. You are to have standing armies to en-
force and accomplish these ends; for the House,
by law, has created a new agency in the War De-
partment—" the Freedmen's Bureau"—which,
by its officers and agencies, fed and paid by the
General Government out of taxes wrung from the
people, must protect,govern, and direct the freed-
men, install them upon confiscated land, and work
them on plantations, (deeper in servitude,) act as
theirnext friend in all things,creating in fact what
Wendell Phillips says will have to be done—a
military despotism in the South for twenty years!
I repudiate this substitute for colonization,this
tissue of folly, this series of measures that is mak-
ing faint the patriotic heart, that is undermining
our social system, the elementary principles of
the Government, to be consummated by this con-
stitutional amendment; a constitutional amend-
ment which may be adopted by the present Legis*
latures who were never elected to that end, for
the question never was submitted to the people,
and if submitted in the last test of public senti-
ment lacked thousands upon thousands of the
constitutional majority of the people necessary to
adopt it.
This constitutional amendment rests upon doubt-
ful authority, but this need not be so closely ex-
amined, as the impolicy of the measure is so pal-
pably seen. The voice of all history is against it;
expeiiments even in calm, peaceful times, have
failed in all cases of immediate emancipation; no
matter about the question of slavery, its philan-
thropy, &c.;historical facts stare us in the face,
that it is a misplaced philanthropy to endeavor
to elevate the African to an equality with the Cau-
casian race. Either the inferior becomes more
abject and miserable, or both, like mixing tar with
water, deteriorate, and will finally go into irre-
