1865.]
APPENDIX'TO' THE CONGRESSIONAL SliOBE.
#t
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Loan SiU—Mr. Ward.
HO.OE
trievable decline. A superior and inferior race
cannot live together on terms of equality."
In relation to this constitutional amendment we
hear cant phrases, the force and logic of which I
confess do not strike me—" might as well give
it up, slavery is dead," " slavery must be wiped
out '—which of these two propositions or state-
ments do gentlemen intend to rely upon? Cer-
tainly not the first. If youvindirect interference,
your proclamation, has killed slavery, and you
are not willing to acknowledge all you have done
heretofore was strategy, arid wickedly and not
patriotically intended to deteriorate slavery and
make it odious and burdensome, what do you
want with an amendmentto the Constitution? In
that view there is no use for it.
But, sir, having but one jdea as a party, and
that was to charge upon slavery and never mind
the rebellion, follow your party and their orders.
"Slavery must be wiped out," and nothing can
do it but an amendmentto the Constitution. You
hear it—slavery is of no use, better get rid of it,
it is a great burden. Who superinduced this con-
viction? Who uses this logic? The men that love
law, the Constitution, and delight to see the vested
rights of men regarded? No. I am not weep-
ing over slavery; my constituents are not. It is
to the suppression of the rebellion and the return
of peace to which they turn all their prayers and
anxieties. So ought the Government,-exclusively.
Suppose slavery is deteriorated m Kentucky, and
has become burdensome, upon whom does the
burden fall? Certainly not upon the free States,
or those who make the complaint. The owner
of the property makes none, not at all. He asks
to be let alone in the enjoyment of his rights; but
the vivid intelligence and bleeding sympathies of
imerineddlei'S are very much agitated that a man
who owns a few servants is so burdened and op-
pressed. What, then, shall be done? Free them,
and cast them as contrabands on the public or the
kindness of the former master? Why, sir, often
these contrabands use more rations at particular
times and places than the Army itself. Why will
it be any better for the slave when emancipated?
Will he eat and wear less of choice, and work
more than now ? Is he not best at home with his
master, with all his bounties? At all events there
is wherethelawandConstitution haveplaced him,
and if gentlemen will take any advice personally
they will not exhaust all their good feeling for the
negroes, but remember the thousands of our own
race that are suffering from ten thousand causes
everywhere, and looking to the Government for
comfort and relief. Give them at leasta just share
of your sympathies.
The negroes if emancipated are not to be sent to
Liberia or anywhere else, but to stay where they
are or wander off and return; by no means im-
proving their condition or habits of industry and
thrift; producing a constant unsettled, uneasy,
cramped state of mind and feeling, with both
white and black; leading to suspicion, unsafety,
crimination, conflict, with a practical agitation
that must result in evil and some manner of sep-
aration, not equality. This will be heightened by
circumstances of returning emancipated soldiers
of every class and assuming at least as much as
they are entitled to. In my judgment, the condi-
tion of Kentucky in regard to slavery or negroes,
now, as it is, is far better than it will be when all
the now servants are perfectly unrestrained and
free, and lead to consequencesin this relation much
more-to be regretted than any we have yet seen.
At all events so fearful am f of making things
worse.l have been unwilling, to favor this consti-
tutional amendment for the sudden emancipation
all at once of three or four million slaves. It will
produce consequences ever to be regretted, and
leave for our country, amid all the embarrassments
already upon us, with our heavy unmanageable
debt, for the next generation a conflict and entan-
glement with these freed people upon our hands;
and after doing all that could be done in their be-
half, and trying gentle and kind means, be con-
strained by force to protect ourselves, to separate
them from us and our soil, and, as in all other
countries, regret upon every account the sudden
action upon such a large scale upon so delicate a
subject.
" To suddenly transport four million bondsmen from a
Jong, immemorial servitude, under the besetting improvi-
dence, want of care for themselves, ignorance,low vices
and indolence, to a condition of freemen, with ail ilie un-
tutored responsibilities of providing against want, sur-
rounded by the snares of temptation and vice, to which the
negio character too freely yields, without those checks of
family police regulations that have for centuries restrained
an inferior race, would inevitably propagate miseries un-
told for both classes that ages could not efface; and the
great question is, as it ever has been, which is the greater
evil, to suddenly force emancipation, or permit God, in his
administration of human affairs, to solve a problem that
many nations have for centuries been in vain endeavor-
ing to determine by edicts, codes, and proclamations; and
if it be asked ' why not try it as retributive punishment
on the cause of the war?' the answer has already been fur-
nished by the tears and biood of nations that have been
poisoned by quaffing froni liie bame chalice.
"We shall be tinly bold, if we venture this general
emancipation field, under our peculiar condition, sur-
rounded already with war and heavy taxation, inviting
other troubles that must come thick, b"avy, and fast if
this general sudden emancipation is adopted and pro-
claimed."—McKenzie.
And the fanaticism of the thing is, if it must
be done, there are so many more and appropriate
times to do it, not now. 1 hope it may not be
adopted, if ever, until we are through the rebel-
lion, in peace, and it is submitted fully to the
people, and then for State and not Federal action.
I cling to it, that it is our local State interest, and
the General Government ought not to interfere;
and I think I have the full concurrence of ihe
President in his message of March 6, 18G2,in
which he proposed compensated emancipation,
having been first suggested by the border-State
men, "such a proposition on the part of the
General Government, sets up no claim or right
by the Federal authority to interfere with slavery
within State limits, referring, as it does, ihe ab-
solute control of the subject in each case to the
State and its people immediately interested."
Now,why must the State Legislature so ardently
and speedily raiify this amendment? Would it
not at least be respectful in so grave and moment-
ous a matter to meet, and if convenient refer it to
the people of the States? This is, as I said, the
consummation and indorsement of a series of in-
jurious acts already passed touching the question
of slavery, and I felt it my duty to my constitu-
ents and my country to oppose them all, and to
be consistent, and as I believe, reflect the wisnes
of my constituents. Where the power is doubt-
ful and the policy clearly injurious I could not
feel inclined or aulhorized to vary from my for-
mer action, and contravene what I regarded the
will and interest of my district. The complica-
tion of this question, the persistency in regard to
it, in making offers or terms of peace, is power-
fully injurious. We proposed, when the rebel-
lion was suppressed, the war ought to cease, and
remit back each State to its position and rights,
whethe'r free or slave. Now this newelementis
inserted, the freedom of all slaves in rebel and
loyal States. The rebels, claiming their inde-
pendence, propositions known to he unacceptable
were made, so that, with the exception of our
success in arms, upon the mere question of nego-
tiation for peace we are further apart than when
we began. 1 regret this. Oh, how bitter is the
anguish and suffering of our country ! How ar-
dently do our people, in sorrow and tears, pray
for peace! There is but one condition on our
part that should be offered, and I use the words
of Mr. Finck, of Ohio, to express the terms:
" Sir, if the Administration had borne high, in the face of
Heaven and the American people, the btoad banner of the
Constitution, inscribed upon it,' the Constitution and the'
Union, these must be preserved at all hazaids, these are
our terms of peace, we ask no other,' this war, in my hum-
ble judgment, would long since have terminated." ,'
You have my hasty ar\d desultory remarks,
and I am done.
V
LOAN BILL.
SPEECH OF HON. ELIJAH WAKE),
OF NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
February 27, 1865,
On the bill to provide ways and means for the support of
the Government.
Mr. WARD. The securities thus far issued
by the Government in the progress of the gigantic
war now desolating portions of the country are
held dhiefly by corporations and our;citizehs, and
those hereafter to be issued Will in the main go
into the same channels. The bankruptcy of the
Government would produce the most serious dis-
aster to the nation, bring ruin upon almost every
business interest, and desolation and misery tot a
large portion of our citizens. Hence the people
are vitally interested in maintaining the p^ibRfc
credit and in a course of policy best adapted to
secure that end. Difference of opinion should
only exist as to the mode to obtain such a.
result.
The financial condition of the country, which j
it is the part of-wisdom to examine, invites our
most serious consideration.
The Comptroller of the Currency, in a circular
addressed to the banks which are organized under
the new national plan, tells us that " the apparent
prosperity of the country will be proved to bfe
unreal when the war is closed." He evidently
intends that there shall be no deception of the peo-
ple nor concealment of the real truths of ourcon-
dition. This revelation emanates from an official
high in the confidence of the Government, who
tells the banks distinctly not to be deceived by
the present seeming prosperous condition of the
commercial interests of the country, not to fall
into the error of regarding inflation as prosperity.
Truly, words of wisdom. It is a bold confession of
the Treasury Department that our prosperity is .
seeming, not actual, but I wish there wasalw&JS
as much boldness and frankness displayed in the
management of public affairs as the Comptroller
exhibits. Doubtless, if he were asked why he
utters such a warning, he would reply that the
laws which regulate currency are laws of God as
much as the laws of gravitation, of magnetism*
of ligjit, heat, and electricity. They may be for
a time interrupted. An iron ball may be tempo-
rarily suspended in the air by a post under it, or a
string holding it, but ihe law operates, and time
will show that the suspension is artificial, and
whenever the artificial suppoit fails, is removed,
or decays, the ball will go down; and that time is
sure to come sooner or later. So the laws of cur-
rency may be interrupted, and the appearance of
things such as to promise permanence, but the end
of the temporary interruption will come, anil then
we shall see that the promises were false. Let
men be prepared for such evenis.
According to the most favorable statement, it
is conceded that if the war were to end now the
expenses incident to its close would swell the
national debt to over two thousand millions.
Add the State, county, city, and township debts,
which are constantly accumulating, and it will be
found that our indebtedness approximates the
debt of Great Britain, if the difference in the wealth
and rate of interest be considered. The annual
interest of our debt is more than the expenses of
the Government before the war. We do not yet
fully realize our condition, because we are in the
whirl of excitement and have only began to feel
the weight of taxation. I do not take this view
of the subject to discourage. I think it right to
state a fact about which there is no secret. Let
each one inquire for himself how much debt in
proportion to its wealth a nation can carry in
safety.
Congress has no more important question to
answer than how much revenue shall be raised,
and from what source. The policy of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has hitherto been based upon
a maximum of borrowing and a minimum of tax-
ation. I suppose that during all the past, bor-
rowing has gone on as rapidly as the credit of the
Government would allow, that the Secretary of
the Treasury has always been in the market,
leaving no mass of accessible capital to go unas-
sailed. The bond market gives evidence of being
as redundant as the currency market, and the
Government, which goes into the former with its
securities depreciated, promising to pay interest
upon them at par, may make an excellentshow of
advantage to the confiding lender; but the result
of every effort to raise the amount borrowed to
an equivalency to the amount desired would show
a process of burning the financial candle at(both
ends—rather instructive than profitable.
The existing system is a failure. Those who
are charged with originating the financial meas-
