104
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Marcl. 3,
38th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Cabinet Officers in Congress—Mr. Pendleton.
Ho. of Reps.
maxim of all successful free governments—that
the great departments must be kept distinct and
separate; and violative of the constitutional rights
of the Executive. And both the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer] and my colleague
{Mr. Cox] quoted the celebrated saying of Mon-
tesquieu, that " There can be no liberty when the
legislative and executive powers are united in the
same body or person, because apprehensions may
arise lest the same monarch or senatemay enact
tyrannical laws and execute them in a tyrannical
nianner; or, were the power of judging joined with
the legislative, the life and liberty of the subject
would be exposed to arbitrary control, for*the
judg;e would then be legislator; were it joined to
the executive the judge might have all the vio-
lence of the oppressor." It was in this connection
that my colleague, [Mr. Cox,] referring to the
forty-seventh number of the Federalist, cited the
authority of Mr. Madison as sustaining his po-
sition. The gentleman is a skillful debater. He
reads extracts and cites authorities with great
judgment. Mr. Madison is made to appear to be
supporting the theory advanced by the gentleman,
while every student of the Federalist knows that
the paper cited is devoted to showing that Mon-
tesquieu made that remark in admiration of the
theory of the parliamentary Government of Eng-
land, whose-chief feature and characteristic is that
her statesmen adopted early and adhered tena-
ciously to the idea of responsibility of ministers
to Parliament, and required the presence of the
ministers on the floor of the House of Commons.
Mr. Madison says:
"The oraclo who is always consulted and cited on ihfs
subjectis Hie ceiebiated Monte-qmeu. It he be not the
author of the invaluable piccept m the science of politics,
he has at least the merit of delaying and recommending
it mot t effectually to the attention of mankind.*' * *
* * "The Biifitli Constitution vv,is to Montesquieu
what Horner lias been to didactic writeis on epic poetry.
As the latter have eonsideied thewoikof the immoital hard
as the perfect modd from which tltc principle;, and rules
of the epic arr ivre to he drawn, and by which ail similar
Works werr to he judged, so this gieat political critic ap-
peared to have viewed the Constitution of England a-s the
standard, oi. to u e his own e.\pu>Mou, as the minor of
political liberty; and to have delivered in the form of ele-
mentary truths fhe several characteusuc principles of that
particular system." * * * * u His meaning, as
nirf own woids import, and .still more conclusively as Illus-
trated by the example in his eye, can amount to no more
than this, that where the whole power of one department
is excici>ed by the same hands which possess the whole
power of another depaitment, the fundamental piineiples
Of free government ate subvened."
When 1 shall propose a measure liable to such
description the gentleman may quote tins con-
demnation. At the end of this paper Mr. Mad-
ison tells us for what purpose it was written. He
says:
" What f have wished to evince is that the charge
brought against the pioposed Constitution of violating a
sacred maxim of fiee government,!* wananted neither by
the real moaning annexed to that niaxnn by its author, nor
by the sense in which it ha-* huherto been understood in
America."
And it was in this .same connection, if I am not
mistaken, that my colleague [Mr.Cox] said that
the argument which had been made in relation to
the veto power of the Piesident proved too much.
He says:
"The veto power of the President is the limit of presi-
dential Inteilercnce, and its exercise la allowed only after
the law is passed."
Has my colleague forgotten that by the terms
of the Constitution the President is bound to give
to Congress information of the state of the Union,
and that he does ital ways at the opening of every
session, and frequently during the session, and
that now, as it has been from the beginning, in
those communications he recommends such legis-
lation as he desires?
But, Mr. Speaker, this argument in relation to
the unity of the Executive—the identity in office
of the several heads of the Departments with the
President himself—has been pushed to the ex-
treme, and in the course of this discussion it has
been asked by some gentleman, perhaps my col-
league: " If it be proper to call the Cabinet to the
House, why not call in the President?" The an-
swer to that question involves the whole argu-
ment as to the constitutionality of the proposed
bill, and the answer is very plain. The question
assumes that the heads of Departments are part
of the constitutional Executive of the country.
That is not true. They aid him, as the law pre-
scribes they shall aid him, in the performance of
certain duties. But the President is the constitu-
tional Executive; he is the whole executive de-
partment. He, and he alone, is the coordinate
branch of the Government. Our law recognizes
no council of state; our law,recognizes no Cabinet,
in the sense in which that term is generally used.
The President has no authority of law to call the
Secretaries together for consultation. Itdoes not
belong to the theory of the Constitution. The
President, and he alone, is the responsible Exec-
utive. His dutiesare prescribed, his powers are
defined by the Constitution itself; and it is right
that he should exercise those duties, and in doing
so should exert those powers without the consent,
ay, if need be, even in defiance, of the obstruc-
tions of Congress.
That is notthecase with these heads of Depart-
ments. The President has no more authority over
them than Ire has over any other officer. He has
the power of appointment; and even that might
be taken away from him by Congress. I~Ie has
the power of dismissal; that follows upon the
power of appointment. There his power ends.
They are the creatures of our law. Their offices
are established, theirduties prescribed, their term
of office and theiremoluments defined by our law;
and they perform the duties we assign to them
only by the powers we give them. We may re-
peal the law, and the offices fall.
This is the reason why we may bring these Sec-
retaries, and why wemaynot bringthe President
upon the floor the House. The President is, by
the Constitution, a coordinate branch of the Gov-
ernment. Congress can no moreinterfeie wiih the
constitutional duties and powers of the President
than he can interfere with theconstitutional duties
and powers with which Congress has been in-
vested. These men occupy no such position.
They are the creatures of our will, amenable to
our authority, bound to obey our voice and to
perform such duties as we may prescribe to them.
A strange delusion, it seems to me, has grown
up upon this subject. There is in this whole
Government, so far as my examination has ex-
tended, but one single officer who can fairly and
properly be called a minister of the President, and
he is the Secretary of State. If gentlemen will
take the trouble to examine the organization of
his Department, they will find that he is to per-
form such duties in connection with foreign rela-
tions as the President may prescribe. The lan-
guage of the law declares that he "shall perform
and execute suchdutiesas shall from time to time
be enjoined upon or intrusted to him by the Pres-
ident of the United States, agreeably to the Con-
stitution, rclativeto correspondence, commissions
or instructions to or with public ministers or con-
suls from the United Slates, or to negotiations with
public ministers ftom foreign States or princes; or
to memorials from foreign public ministers or
other foreigners, or to such other matters respect-
ing foreign affairs as the President of the United
States shall assign to such Department." He,
and he alone, by reason of that law, stands toward
the President in the relation of a minister. Why
was that exception made? Because under the
Constitution the President of the United States
is invested with the authority to make treaties
and appoint foreign ministers, with the consent of
the Senate; and it has been held, whether right-
fully or wrongfully I will not now undertake to
say, that the President, at his own option, by his
mere volition, without the authority of Congress,
may appoint such foreign ministers as he sees fit.
In the law organizing the Treasury Department
there is no corresponding provision. The duties
of the Secretary ate defined, and he is made re-
sponsible to Congress itself. He is not responsible
to the President; he has no responsibility to him
except in so far as that is derived from the power
of appointment and dismissal.
The organization of the War Department also
shows that while by the first law the Secretary was
"to perform and execute such duties as shall
from time to time be enjoined upon or intrusted
to him by the President of the United States,
agreeably to the Constitution, relative to military
commissions, or to the military or naval forces,
ships, or warlike stores of the United States, or
to such other matters respecting military or naval
affairs as the President shall assign to thatDepart-
ment,"yet at the same session, and from that
time forward, and during the first ten yearsof the
existence of the Government, laws were passed
defining and limiting his duties, and investing the
Secretary with a discretion independent of the
President,
The same will be found to be the factin lelation
to the Navy Department. I will not cite the provis-
ions of that law, with which gentlemen are doubt-
less familiar; but if the House will bear with mo
for one moment I will call attention to the organ-
ization of the Interior Department and of the At-
torney General's Department, in the laworgan*
izing the Department of the Intel ior there will be
found not n section, not a clause, not a woid,
from the beginning to the end, which indicates
any special accountability by the Secretary to the
President. On the contrary, in relation to the pub-
lic lands, tn relation to the Indian tribes, in relation
to certain public accounts, discretion isexpressly
vesied in the head of that Department. When
gentleman speak of a Cabinet council, and the
unity of the Secretaries with the President, form-
ing with him a coordinate branch of the Govern-
ment, I ask them to look at a single section of the
law organizing the officeof the Attorney General;
" There shall he appointed a meet person learned in the
law to act as Attorney General for the United States, who
shall be sworn or atfiimed to a faithful execution of tlw
office, whose duty it shall be to prosecute and conduct all
suits in the Supreme Couit in which the United Statei
shall be concerned, and to give bis advice and opinion upon
questions of law when lequtred by the Piesident of the
United States, or when requested by the heads of any of
the Departments touching any matters that may concern
their Departments, and shall receive such compensation
for his services as shall by law be provided."
And yet the claim is made here, with that single
section prescribing all the dutiesof the Attorney
General and defining his Department—the pretense
is made here that he is part of the constitutional
Executive of the Government. I might go fur-
ther. In the law in relation to pensions which 1
find on page 755 of Brightly's Digest it is ex-
pressly provided—
" That the heads of Departments who may severally be
charged with the administration of the pension laws oj
the United States, be, and they hereby are, respectfully
diieeted and required, as soon as may he after tiie opening
of each session of Congress, to present to the Senate and
House of Representatives a several list of such persons,
whether revolutionary, invalid, or otherwise, as shall have
made application fbr a pension, or an inereaMi of pent-ion,
and as, in their opinion, respectively, ought to bo placed
upon (he pension loll, or otherwise piovided foi, and for
doing.which they have ' no authority.' "
Every Department of this Government, every
head of every Department, charged in any way
with the payment of pensions is compelled under
that law to report directly to Congress his action
on it,and his views hot only upon the proper ad-
ministration of the law, but the changes that
ought to be made in the law. And yet we are
told that these gentlemen are part of the constitu-
tional Executive, arid so identified with the Presi-
dent, so entirely his ministers, his agents, his
executing hands, we have no power to bring them
before the House itself!
Such has been the uniform course of legislation,
and the uniform course of judicial decision has es-
tablished and maintained it. If gentlemen will
look at the first volume of Cranch *s Reports in the
Supieme Court of the United States they will find
the case of Marbury v.s. Madison, in which it. was
decided that so far as these Cabinet officers were
compelled to perform ministerial duties, writs of
mandamus would lie to compel their performance;
but that so far as they were called upon to ex-
ercise discretion their accountability was to the
political and not to the judicial tribunals. When
Mr. Madison refused to issue from the office of
the Secretary of State a commission for a justice
of peace in this District it was held that he could,
by the interference of the courts, be compelled to
perform that duty, but that when he refused to
exercise a discretion vested in him the court had
no power to supervise his action, but must remit
him to the political tribunals of the country amf
the people. An unbroken line of decisions fob
lowing the authority of thatearly case settles thai
question conclusively.
I need not call the attention of legal gentlemen
