m
\
-APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
-Olarch- 3,
38th Cong..-..2d Sess.
. Cabinet. Officers in Congress—Mr. Wilson.
Ho. OF
eps.
>7
n.ot vote for this measure which we propose, be-
cause it gives the Secretaries too much power,
but that they would vote for it if it were so framed
that resignation should follow an adverse vote.
If the Secretaries were to be stimulated by fear of
loss of office, would their exertions be less stren-
uous, or their power less actively used ?
The result of this law would be to diminish the
illegitimate power of the Secretaries, not their le-
gitimate power. I take things as 1 find them. I
will not be misled by a theory to deny a fact.
For the seventy-five years that this Government
has been in operation the heads of Departments
liaye exercised influence on legislation. Every
gentleman knows it. Every member of this
House recollects the scene two or three days ago
on the floor when the loan bill was discussed.
EJrery member who has been in the Senate Cham-
ber since that time has seen Cabinet officers there
exercising this influence. 1 will not shut my eyes
to the fact that this power exists because I would
not have it exist. Every gentleman knowing that
it exists knows that every means consistent with
its exercise is taken to conceal its existence. It
is secret, and therefore it is insidious. It denies
itself, therefore it is hypocritical. Being secret and
hypocritical, and nevertheless always existing,
and alwaysstrmulated to great activity, it is driven
by the law of its life to the use of illegitimate and
improper means. I propose a change. I propose
to strip from it the mask, to bring it out into open
day, to take away from it the pretense that it does
not exist. I propose that it shall acknowledge its
existence. And then I propose to establish for it
a channel of influence which shall be open to the
observation of the House and country, so that an
intelligent, wise, and discriminating public opin-
ion, knowing that this power does exist by ac-
knowledgment of law, shall be able to understand
the means by which itis exercised, and to restrain
its influence to the proper results of those means.
I propose to substitute open argument, fair de-
bate, intellectual power, knowledge of facts, for
private conversations, partisan appeals, promise
of secret reward. Then the influence of the exe-
cutive officers will be diminished, exactly as much
as reason is less potent than persuasion, and as
argument is less effective than patronage. Why®
are advocates allowed to addtess juries in open
court, hut not to go into the jury room? Why
are they never restrained in the nsu of any argu-
ment, any sophistry, any appeal to prejudice, or
even to passion? Because public opinion restrains
the influence of such considerations to its proper
point. Because it weighs well the force which
ought to be given to them and by its judgment
compels j urors to do the same and thus robs them
of all their capacity for evil.
My colleaguc'[Mr, Cox] told us in the course
of his argument that the encroachments which
had been made oil prctogntive in England were
made by reaciion'only, and not through the in-
strumentality and influence of the British House
of Commons. Is tiiat true? lias the gentleman
forgotten the brilliant history of the House of
Commons? Has he forgotten Magna Charta,the
Petition of Right, the Bill of Iliglus, the Grand
Remonstrance, Habeas Corpus, the Statutes of
Treason ? Has he forgotten that Strafford was be-
headed,and Clarendon was banished, and Danby
was imprisoned, and Oxfoid was committed to
the Tower, and Bolingbroke and Ormond were
attainted ? Has he forgotten that Bute, sustained
bjt all the power of a young and brilliant king,
was disgraced in thirteen months? Has he for-
gotten that North, beloved by his sovereign, was
at last driven from power? Has he forgotten that,
to-day, sustained by the British Elouse of Com-
mons, the man who, in public life, is most obnox-
ious to the Queen of England, is the Premier of
that kingdom? The struggles of the British Par-
liament in behalf of liberty form the brightest
page in the history of England. Its achievements
may well thrill the heart of every Englishman as
he recounts those heroic deeds, before the luster of
whose brilliant glories Agincourtand Creasy and
Blenheim and the Peninsula and Waterloo pule
their ineffectual fires." Has iie forgotten that it
was the constancy and heroism and fortitude of
that struggle of seven centuries which inspired
the genius of thegreatestof modern British poets,
when, surrounded by all the inspiring scenes of
Grecian patriotism and-Grecian valor, standing
upon the graves of Thermopylae, be wrote:
" Fur freedom's battle, once begun,
Bequeathed by bleeding sire to son,
Though baffled oft, is ever won."
Sir, the gentleman has read history aright, and
so deep an impression had these facts made upon
him that in the midst of his speech, in direct con-
tradiction to the philosophy of his argument and
his illustration, he says:
" When the Ttidors ascended the throne the contest began
which has ended, in this reign of Queen Victoria, in tile su-
bordination of nearly all executive power to the mini&try, or
to tiie Parliament which can overturn the ministry."
Mr. COX. With the permission of my col-
league, [Mr. Pendleton,] I desire to say this: I
have not forgotten, nordid i forget in my remarks,
the brilliant history of the British House of Com-
mons. What that House has done, not only for
British liberty but for American liberty, I need
not show. My argument was that this progress
in liberty was made by the English House of
Commons and the English people in spite of this
very ministerial influence which I would seek to
keep out of these Halls.
Mr. PENDLETON. And yet the result of
the existence of that House with this ministe-
rial influence which my colleague [Mr. Cox]
has so much deprecated, has been that, march-
ing along with stately step for seven hundred
years, the people of England have arrived at a
degree of liberty which no other people upon the
earth, except our own, enjoy. I would follow
the history and experience of that Parliament;
I would open the dark doors of these Depart-
ments; I would expose their doings to the light
of day; I would have them accountable to the
people; I would have them in correspondence
with the Representatives of the people upon this
floor; I would prevent that hidden corruption
which, at work in secretplaces, is threatening the
very foundations of liberty in this land. No cor-
ner should be so dark, no transaction should be
so secret, no question should be so important,
no condition of affairs should be so delicate, that
I would not open it to the gaze of that people
upon whose will depend Presidents and Cabinets
and Congresses, ifthiscan be accomplished; if
that corrupt influence can be cut off; if the power
whiclf secretly saps the foundations of our na-
tional edifice can be destroyed; if these officers
can be brought to exert on our legislation the in-
fluence to which their character, their intellectual
powers, their information entitle them, tlusHouse
will more wisely legislate, and they themselves,
receiving aid from us, will more effectually dis-
charge the duties which have been devolved upon
them.
Time fails me to present all the considerations
which crowd upon me in favor of this bill. I had
intended to follow its history in other countries
and under other systems of government. In no
other Government than our own does th? rule
of exclusion exist. In no other Government is
the power of the executive so great as in ours. I
had intended to show the progression of states-
men under this system—that from the mere pan-
derers to executive dictation and the purchasers
of votes by corruption, they became statesmen
and publicists worthy to control the destinies of
Europe, and to subsidize the military power of
the continent. I had intended to demonstrate
that this measure was just to the officer, just to
the legislator, just to the people—that it would
relieve the officer from responsibilities to which
he ought not to be liable, and give him power
where heoughttoposspss it; that it would inform
and educate the legislator in those things which
otherwise he could not know; and that it would
excite the popular feeling and keep alive the popu-
lar sensibilities. We ought not to be surprised
at these things. It is the natural, inevitable law.
Hidden motives, secret actions, selfish ends,
corrupt appliances—they congregate naturally.
Honest purpose, open action, public advantage,'
reason, judgment, experience, palpable and rec-
ognized influence—these also all together demand
the passage of this bill. If it shall pass, if my
hopes shall be realized, if virtue shall supersede
vice, if honest conviction shall be more potent or
shall even be substituted for secret persuasion, i
shall have renewed hope that purity, energy, wis-
dom will direct thi  House.
CABINET OFFICERS IN CONGRESS. \
SPEECH OF HGjN. J. F. WILSON,
OF IOWA,
In the House of Representatives,
March 3,1865,
On the bill (H. It. No. 214) to provide that the heads of
Executive Departments mayaccupy seats on the floor of
the House of Representatives.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Speaker, the pending bill
proposes a radical departure from the theory of
our Government. Its passage must tend to a cen-
tralization of power in the executive department,
and will end in a partial surrender of the independ-
ence of this House into the keepingof the several
Secretariescomposing the Cabinet. Againstsuch
a departure and so baneful a result we cannot too
firmly set our faces.
The influence exercised by the members of the
executive branch of the Government over the ac-
tion of the two Houses of Congress has long been
a subject of complaint, and the dearest interests
of the country have often sorely suffered from this
cause. Few Administrations have existed since
the adoption of the Constitution against which
this complaint has not been lodged. That the
committee which reported this bill fully appre-
ciates this fact we have abundant evidence of in
the report submitted to the House in support of
the bill. After referring to the almost constant
presence of this executive influence, the report
goes on to say:
"However that may have been, the fact is too obvious to
members of Congress lo need proof, that the chief officers
of the several Depaitments do oxeicise an important influ-
ence over the legislation of that body. The pages of the
Globe within the last few years will satisfy those who hafre
not had scats on tiie floor and been admitted to th« sessions
of the committees*. It has been notorious for years that,
by personal interviews with members, by private conver-
sation at the office, in social intercourse at e«u<ual meetings
on the floor of the two House*, by verbal statement* to the
chairmen of committees—liable always to be misunder-
stood or even misrepresented—by unofficial communica-
tions to the committees' themselves, these officers originate,
press forward, modify, or entirely defeat, measure* of legis-
lation ; and it has often happened that the rules o( the House
have been violated by stating what has occurred in com-
mittee in order to convey to members the opinions or wishes
of a Secretary.'
The chairman of the committer [Mr. Pendle-
ton] has well stated the case in the words which
I have quoted, and clearly shows how much
greater is the necessity for some action to destroy
the evil practices of which he complains than
cause for their enlargement and legalization.
Legislative action suggested, directed,controlled
by such means as lie describes, is entirely void
of that independence of character contemplated
of the framers of our Constitution. Believe the
statement of the case which 1 have quoted from
the report (and I certainly shall not question its
truthfulness) and we have before us a positive
evil for which a remedy cannot be too speedily
found and applied. Have we such a remedy as
the case demands in the bill now before the House ?
We are introduced to the bill by the following
title:
A bill u> provide that the heads of Executive Depart-
ments may occupy seats oi\ the floor of the House of Rep-
resentatives.
This is a remarkable title for a measure advo-
cated as a destroyer of executive influence over
the House of Representatives. The presence has
been felt too much already. This is the com-
plaint of the committee. As an antidote to this
it is proposed to use the presence which is
and this great result is to be reached in the man-
ner set forth in the committee's bill, which reads
as follows:
He it enacted by the Senate and House of Itcpi esentatii e$
of theUmted States of America i?i Co« re?s assembled .That
the Secietary of State, the Secretary of tiie Treasury, the
Secretary of War, the Secretary of the Navy, the Secretaiy
of the Interior, the Attoi nev General, and the Po-.tm« Mer
General, shall be entitled to occupy seats on flit: flooi of
the Ilou&e ofiiepiexentntivcs, with the ught to p u tieijnte
in debate upon matters relating to the bubine^ of'their le1-
spective Departments, under such rules as may be pre-
scribed by the Hoixe.
Sec. 2. Jindbcit furthci enacted, That the said Secre*
tanoH, the Attornej General,and the Postmaster General,
shall attend the sessions of the House of Rpp>es?cntai.ves,
immediately on the opening of the sittings, on Mondays
and Thmsdavs of eaeh week, to give infoimation in reply
to questions which may be piopounded to them under the
rules of the {louse.
