1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
38tii Cose....2d Sess.
Cabinet Officers in Congress—Mr. Wilson..
Ho. of Reps.
Does the committee believe that the passage of
this bill will prevent the use of the means re-
sorted to by the heads of the Executive Depart-
ments embraced in the report as a basis of com-
plaint?- Does the bill propose to interfere with
the ''personal interviews," "private conversa-
tions," "social intercourse at casual meetings,"
"veibal statements," "unofficial communica-
tions," " by moans of which these officers origi-
nate, press forward, modify, or entirely defeat
measures of legislation," or stop the violation of
the rules of the House by forbidding the state-
ment of " what has occurred in committee in or-
der to convey to members the opinions or wishes
of a Secretary?" The committee assert the ex-
istence of.an evil. The House admits it. Does
thecommittee propose its abatement? Not at all;
but rather its legalization. The bill leaves every
evil thing as it finds it, and decides to make bad
worse, it substantially says to the heads of the
Ext cutive Departments, " five days in each week
* shait thou labor, and do thy work,' and on two
other days of each week we will ask you some
questions about it, or inquire of you whether we
had not better pass a resolution touching some
subject concerning which we desire informa-'
tion."
To show that I am not doing injustice to the
committee, I quote the following ftom the pro-
posed amendments to the rules?
On Monday and Thursday of each week, before any
other business shall be taken up, except by unanimous con-
sent, the resolutions and questions shall be taken up in the
order in which ihey have been entered upon the notice-
book for that day.
The member offering a resolution may state succinctly
the object and scope of his resolution and the reasons for
desinng the Hifoimation; and ihe Secretary of the pioper
Department may reply, giving the information or the lea-
sons why the same should be withheld; and then, without
further debate, the House shall vote on the resolution, un-
less it shall be withdrawn or postponed.
In putting any question to the Secretaries, or the At-
torney General, or Postmaster General, no argument or
opinion is to be ottered, nor any tact stated, except so far
or may be neccssaty to explain tuch question. And in
answenng such question, the Secretary, the Attorney Gen-
eral, 01 Postmaster General, shall not debate the matter to
which the tame refers, nor state facts or opinions other
than those necessary to explain the answer.
Under the operation of these rules you would have
the immediate presence of the Secretaries, backed
by their influence, patronage, power to reward or
punish, to resist the passage of the simplest and
most proper resolution of inquiry touching the
affairs of the nation. We all know how difficult
it is now to secure the adoption of resolutions of
inquiry, especially when offered by the Opposi-
tion, of which the Secretaries have no knowledge.
How much more difficult would it be if the head
of an Executive Department were present stand-
ing in declared opposition to the adoption of any
given resolution.
The effect of the presence of a Secretary on
the floor of this [louse is forcibly illustrated by
the committee in the appendix to the report, i
quote this example from the many citations from
the Globe made by the committee for the purpose
of enforcing the conclusion of the report:
"Mk Stevexs offered an amendment providing, among
other thine*, iliat the interest on the bonds should be paid
in currency. Tins amendment was carried by a voteofTS
for to 51 against it. The bill thus amended was reported
to the House, and on a vote of yeas and nays, on Mr.
Stevens's amendment it was defeated—yeas 59, nays 81.
In the mean time the Scct etai y of the Treasury and the Jls •
iistctvt Secretary h<td come to the Housey and weie then on
the floor."—Page 2133.
Here, sir, almost in the twinkling of an eye, a
vole of this House is changed from yeas 72, nays
51, to yeas 59, nays 81. This extraordinary re-
sult is explained by the italicised commentofthe
committee " in the mean time," that is, the time
which elapsed between the taking of these two
votes, and which we all remember was a very
short time, " the Secretary of the Treasury and
the Assistant Secretary had come to the House,
and were then on the floor."
The committee seem not to approve of this po-
tential kind of presence. Then why not forbid
it? This would seem to be the mostappropriate
remedy; but the committee think otherwise. The
remedy of the committee is to declare by law that
this thing* complained of, this self-evident evil,
shall be adopted as a patt of the legislative and
executi\e practice of the country, and held to be
entirely right and proper.
But it is asked, concerning the Secretaries:
u Would it not be better that their opinions should be
expressed, their facts stated, their policy enforced, their
acts defended, in open daj, on the floor of the House, in
the face of the nation, in public speech, id official, recorded
statement, where there can be no hidden purpose, no mis-
conception, no misrepresentation ?"
The answer to this is that it is not proposed to
interfere with the means heretofore resorted to
by the heads of Executive Departments to influ-
ence the action of this House. Whatever of evil
now exists is to be preserved; and every gentle-
man in this body who has given anyattention to
the course pursued by the members of the British
cabinet when questioned in the House of Com-
mons concerning matters which they choose to
keep to themselves or send abroad in a mist, can
well anticipate the grand success which will attend
the adoption of the English system by this House.
When the Secretary has a good case, we will re-
ceive it from him in its brightest colors and gay-
est apparel. When the case stands otherwise,
we shall receive just information enough to indi-
cate the opposition of the Secretary to the passage
of an unpleasant resolution of inquiry, and that
will be the end of it; for it must be remembered
that, under the proposed amendments to the rules,
we are merely to " state the object and scope of
the resolution and reasons for desiring the infor-
mation, and the Secretary "of the proper Depart-
ment may reply, giving the information or the
reasons why the same should be withheld, and
then, without further debate, the House shall
vote on the resolution, unless it shall be with-
drawn or postponed." Who can doubt the fate of
a resolution upon which a Secretary may frown,
if we are to judge by the force of the mere pres-
ence of a Secretary on the amendment of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvan t [Mr.Stevens] already
referred to? The dneev legalized contact of the
heads of the Executive >epartments with the ac-
tion of this House car have none other than a
banefu^ influence upon the at least theoretical
independence of the legislative department of the
Government.
The committee refer to the act of 1789, whereby
it was made the duty of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury " to make report and give information to either
branch of the Legislature in person or in writing
(as he may 'be required) respecting all matters
referred to him by the Senate or H«use of Repre-
sentatives, or which shall appertain to his office"
in support of the bill \ve are now considering.
Sir, there is a radical difference between the pro-
visions of the act of 1789 and the present bill.
That act conferred no right upon the Secretary of
the Treasury to attend the sittings of the House
and engage in debate on his own motion. He
was to be present when either House required his
presence. The House was to judge when the
presence of the Secretary might be advantageous
to thcaffairs of the country. The proposition we
are considering makes the Secretary the judge,
except on two days of the week, and then he may,
under the provisions of the amendments to the
rules, evade the object his presence is intended to
secure. The reference to the act of 1789 thus
appears to be most unhappy for the purposes of
the committee. Nor is the committee more suc-
cessful in the presentation of precedent when
they refer to the instances which occurred during
the year 1789, of the presence of Secretaries in
the Senate. The first case cited is the appearance
of the Secretary of Foreign Affairs on July 22,
1789. This, sir, was in obedience to the follow-
ing order of the Senate:
Onkieily That the Seerotarv of Foreign Affairs attend
the senate to-moirow, and bring with turn such papers as
ate requisite to give full hifoimation relative to the coti^u
lar convention between France and the United States."—
Annate of Congress, vol. 1, page 52.
By this order it not only appears that the Sen-
ate ordered the Secretary to appear, but determ-
ined in the same order what he should do, and
what information he should communicate. Ihe
proposition of the committee is that the Secretary
shall be present by right conferred by law, and
combat, if he so chooses, the efforts of the House
to procure information.
The second case cited by the committee is thus
stated in the Annals of Congress:
Gentlemen vf the Senate:
The pi cedent of the United State* will meet the Senate,
in the Senate Chamber, at half past eleven o clock to-mor-
row, to advise with them on the terras of the. treaty to be
negotiated with the southern fndians.
GEORGE WASHINGTON,
New York, jSugwl 21,1789.
In pursuance of this notice the President ap-
peared in the Senate,and the followingentry was
made in the proceedings:
" The Piesident of the United States came into the Sen-
ate Chamber, attended by General Knox, and laid before
the Senate the following statement of facts, with theques-
nons thereto annexed, for their consent."-—slnnals of Con-
gress, vol. 1, page 67.
That is all General Knox had to do with that
transaction. He attended the President, as any
other gentleman entitled to the privilege of being
on the floor of the Senate, might have done. And
here it is well to remind members that the early
practice in relation to the delivery of messages to
Congress by the President was for him to pre-
sent them in person.
The next case presented by the committee is
thus stated in the same volume, page 71:
" The President of the United States being present in the
Senate Chamber, attended by General Knox, the Senate
resumed," &c.
That is the important part performed by Gen-
eral Knox during his second appearance in the
Senate.
The fourth precedent mentioned by the com-
mittee is thus stated in the proceedingsof the Sen-
ate:
"The following message was received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by G neral Knox, who delivered
therewith sundry statements and papers relating to the
samp." [After this entry follows the message delivered.}
—Annals of Congress, vol. 1, page 709.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,]
in his argument in favor of the passage of this
bill, dwelt on the word " statements," which oc-
curs in this so-called precedent, with a kind of
emphatic delight, as though it settled beyond dis-
pute the fact that the Secretary of War did ad-
dress the Senate orally. Never was a gentleman
more mistaken. He wished it so, and believed
it was so; and this is all the foundation he had
for his argument.
If the gentleman will turn to the report of the
Commissioner of the General Land Office he will
find a multitude of tables under such captions as
these: "Statement of the surveying returns,
showing the number of acres of public lands sur-
veyed," &c.; "Statement exhibiting ihe quan-
tity of land selected for the several States,"&c.;
" Statement of public lands sold, of cash re-
ceived therefor," &c.; "Statement showing the
number of townships surveyed,"&c. Are these
oral communications to the House, because they
are called " statements?"
The Commissioner of the General Land Office
makes his report to the Secretary of the Interior.
As one of the documents accompanying his re-
port the Secretary submits it to the Piesident,
and the President forwards it to this House as
one of the documents accompanying his meosage
which is delivered to us by his Private Socretnry,
Now, sir, it maybe truthfully said of the Pri-
vate Secretary, and be entered on the Journal,
that he appeared in the House and delivered a
message from the President, together with "sun-
dry statements and papers relating to the same."
The last case presented by the committee is a
mere repetition of the one just noticed,and is en-
tered in the proceedings of the Senate in these
words:
"The following message was received from the Presi-
dent of the United States, by General Knox, who delivered
the same, together wiib a statement of the noop* m the
service of the United States.""—-Jinnalsof Cong)e^s, vol. 1,
page 715.
The term " statement" found in this so-called
precedent is susceptible of the same explanation
already given. Other cases maybe found, but
none stronger in support of the conclusions of
the committee than those which I have noticed,
and they embrace all the instances quoted by the
committee. And in all of these the person through
whom the President communicated his messages
to Congress, and who attended the Piesident in
his visit to the Senate, is mentioned as " General
Knox," and not as " Secretary of War."
If the committee attach any force to the so-
called precedents, it may be well for me to remind
the members of it, and this House, that they all
