800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14.
of the Government all over the country; and I
•will state as the rcsultof that inquiry that the im-
pression was made upon the committee that it
was impossible so to impose a tax upon the leaf
as to derive as much revenue to the Government
as would be derived by laying the tax upon the
manufactured article.
Mr. L. MYERS, Of course in case of expor-
tation there would be a drawback allowed equiv-
alent to the amount of the tax.
Mr. MALLORY. Even allowing a drawback,
the difficulty of going to the producer of tobacco,
of counting the number of plants, of inquiring,
when cut, whether the producer had disposed of
any of it in order to evade the tax, the following
the tobacco to the stripping-house and the press-
house, seemed so insuperable to the committee
that they abandoned the idea of taxing in the leaf.
The principle of the bill now before the House,
and which the committee wished to follow and
preserve, as far as they could, intact, was to place
the tax as far from the producer of every article
as possible, and in no instance, if itcoulu be pre-
vented with anything like justice to the revenue,
to impose a tax to be paid by the producer before
the article is exposed in the market. Various
means were suggested to get over this difficulty,
but none of them were deemed by the Committee
of Ways and Means practicable. The committee
were of the opinion that, if the planter were com-
pelled from his own pocket to pay the tax upon
the tobacco before he was allowed to expose it for
Bale and consumption in market, the annoyance,
trouble, and vexation would be so great as to com-
pel him to abandon the cultivation and engage in
some other of the profitable pursuits opened to
farmers and planters. They believed that a tax
on the leaf would lessen the production of the
article in the country, and in that way not only
injure the general prosperity of the country, but
diminish the revenue of the Governmentexpected
to be derived from this article. These, so far as
I know, were the reasons which compelled the
committee to take one of the wisest steps the com-
mittee did take in respect to the tax on tobacco,
and that was not to tax iu the leaf.
Mr. KASSON. Before submitting the motion
that the committee rise, since tins proposition of
taxing the leaf has been raised, I desire briefly
to state the converse of the views now presented
by the gentleman from Kentucky. 1 concur in
the action of the Committee of Ways and Means
not at this time to amend the law by transferring
the tax to thearticle in the leaf; but I am equally
unwilling that my colleague upon the committee
[Mr. Mallory] should present the other view
and send it forth to the country against any future
change by the Committee of Ways and Means
upon this question withouthavingan opportunity
to state briefly the advantage of the other system.
And let me thnefore say to him, and to the com-
mittee, that the burden upon the producer does
not consist in the stage between consumption and
production where you put the tax, but in the
amount of the tax imposed, and its conformity
or non-conformity with the customs and usages
of commerce. If the consumer gets his article at
so much cost, whether smoking or chewing to-
bacco, or cigars, it is immaterial to him in what
stage between the producerand the consumer the
tax is imposed. The consumer will buy if the
article does not cost too much. If itdoescosttoo
much the consumer will stop or dimmish the con-
sumption. I am anxious, therefore, that the plant-
ers should further consider this question against
another meeting of Congress; and they may pos-
sibly find that by the course we are now pursuing
we more endanger the amount of consumption,
and the market they now have for their tobacco,
than by the course proposed by the friends of
taxation on the leaf. Transfer the tax to the leaf
without interference with the ordinary course of
trade and you will find the market more uniform.
The large manufacturers who furnish a reliable
maiket to the producer, often accumulating large
stocks, are restored, instead of being nearly ruined
as now, and driven from the market by fraudu-
lent dealers who evade the law without benefit
either to the producer or the Government. You
impose the tax solely upon the manufactured
article, subject to all the frauds that characterize
the collection of that tax at this day, and you
practically prohibit the large manufacturers from
the purchase of the large amounts which they
formerly assumed even when the maiket was over-
burdened, and thus relieved the producer from
the accumulation of stock on his hands.
I maintain, therefore, not that you should tax
the producer—by no means—but,as proposed in
one of the bills offered in the House and referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, that you
should take the ordinary channels of trade, and
collect the tax after the article passes from the
producer's hands for consumption, placing it in
warehouses if necessary in the mean time. In
that way you do not count the number of plants
raised by the producer, nor require permits to
produce, nor in any way embarrass production;
you collect no tax from the producer; you simply
say that after it gets into the market, and before
consumption, the tax shall then be paid before
manufacture, thus making it uniform on all manu-
facturers.
Having said so much by way of reply to the
gentleman from Kentucky, I now, at the request
of my colleague on the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Morrill,] move that the committee
do now rise for the purpose of closing debate on
this paragraph.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeroy reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had under con-
sideration the state of the Union generally, and
particularly the tax bill, and had come to no res-
olution thereon.
Mr. MORRILL moved that all debate in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union on
the pending paragraph of the tax bill be closed
in three minutes after the committee should re-
sume the consideration of the same.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules he sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into Committee of the
Whole on (he state of the Union, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair,) and resumed the consideration of
the tax bill.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I desire to
say a word or two in relation to the subject which
has just been discussed by the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Mallory] and the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson,] the expediency of tax-
ing leaf tobacco on hand. I know that the diffi-
culties now are very great, and thdt such a pro-
vision could not be carried into effect without
imposing upon the country a vast amount of ex-
penditure, for we should have to establish ware-
houses arid appoint inspectors in almost every
town and county in the country. Such a system
as that over our country would involve a vast
amount of expense, for this article is not only
cultivated in Pennsylvania and Connecticut, but
there is not a single State in the Union where it
is not now cultivated, and cultivated profitably.
A Member. Do they cultivate it in Vermont?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes,even in Vermont.
Mr. Chairman, there is another great objection
to the system which will be found in practice. In
a country like England, where all of this article is
imported, they can, of course, levy any amount
of duty on theartiele; but in our own country,
where every one may produce it if he pleases,
if he merely owns a gaiden patch, it would be
almost impossible to make every individual in the
country render an accurate account of all that he
produces; and if you interfere with this article by
compelling the producer to carry this produce from
the place of production to some place where it
must be warehoused and inspected, in my judg-
ment you will cripple the production of it.
[Here the hammer fell, the time allowed for de-
bate having expired.]
Mr. Mallory's amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now renew my amendment
to insert after line five hundred and eighty-one, at
the close of this paragraph, the following:
On vinegar, or acetic acid, there shail be levied and paid
a uk of six cents per gallon: Provided, That no duty ^hail
bo levied on the material from which the vinegar shall be
made.
Mr. MORRILL. I am aware that that amend-
ment in some form has received the sanction of
the Committee of Ways and Means, but believ-
ing, as I do, that it will be very mischievous, I
hope that it will not be adopted.
The CHAIRMAN. No debate is in order.
All debate upon this paragraph has been closed
by the order of the House.
Mr. MORRlLJl. With all due deference to the
Chair, I think that this amendment comes in at a
point subsequent to that paragraph upon which
debate was closed. It is upon an entirely differ-
ent subject—is an independent proposition, and
it is therefore in order to debate it.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment, if
adopted, would form part of the paragraph.
Mr, MORRILL. f then hold that it is not in
order, not being germane to the paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. That the Chair cannot
tell, because he does not know what is in the sec-
tion of the original law.
Mr. MORRILL. The amendment of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania does not apply to any-
thing in the paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot de-
termine that, because the Chair does not know
what is iri the original section.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. THAYER. I movo to amend by striking
out the following:
By inciting in the last paragraph relating to cigars after
the words " imprisonment not exceeding Unity days," the
words, " aad any person furnished with such penmt may
apply to the assistant assessor or inspector of the district
to have any cigars ot then* own manulacture weighed; and
on receiving a certificate of the weight, for which such fee
as may be ptescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue shall b« paid by the owner thereof, may sell and
deliver such cigais to any purchaser, in the presence of
said assistant assessor or inspector, in bulk or unpacked,
without payment of the duty. A copy of the certificate
shall be retained by the assistant assessor, and an ins-peetor
shall return the name to the assistant assessor of the dis-
tuct. The purchaser shall pack such cigars in boxes, and
have the same inspected and marked or s-tumped accoidiug
to the provisions of this act, and shall make a leiurn of the
same as inspected to the assistant assessor of the district,
and. unless removed to a bonded warehouse, shall pay the
duties on such cigars within five days alter purchasing
them, and before the same have been removed fiom the
store or building of such purchaser or Irom his possession j
and any such purchaser who shall neglect for more than
live days to pack and have such cigars duly inspected, and
pay the duties thereon aceoiding to this act, oi who shall
purchase any cigars iiom anj peiaon not holding such per-
mit, the duties theicon not having been puul, shall be
deemed amity of a misdemeanor, and be fined not exceed-
ing live humhed dollars, and be imprisoned not exceeding
six mouths, at the discretion of the court, and the cigars
shall be forfeited and sold, one fourth fot the benefit ot the
informer, one fourth for the officer who seized or had them
coiuiemiied,andone half shall be paid to the Government."
There is a very good reason for this, as the
Treasury would find, but as the committee has
cut otT debate, I cannot state it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. THAYER, i move to amend by insert-
ing in line five hundred and sixty-nine, after
the word "them," the words "to the collector
of the district wherein they were manufactured,"
so that it will read, " and shall make a return of
the same, as inspected, to the assistant assessor
of the district; and, unless removed to a bonded
warehouse, shall pay the duties on such cigars
within five days after purchasing them, to the col-
lector of the district wherein they weie manufac-
tured."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. I now renew my amendment:
On vinegar, or acetic acul, there j-hall be levied and paid
a tax of six cents per gallon : Pioviiled, That 110 doty shall
be levied on the material from which tile vinegar shall bo
made.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has been exhaust-
ed on the pending; paragraph.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I move it as a new
paragraph.
Mr. MALLORY. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting in the proviso "and vinegar
made from apples and grapes." I want to ex-
clude that description of vinegar from taxation
altogether.
Theamendment to the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOOPER. I move to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania by
striking out the first word.
The CHAIRMAN, No debate is in order on
the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. Under the ruling of the
Chair, which I dare say is right, I am disposed
to withdraw the amendment.
The Clerk read the next paragraph of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I now renew my amend-
