APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 1,
38tii Cong-.-...2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Occurred during the time when the Federal party
held control of Congress. The mention of this
fact will doubtless recall to,the recollection of the
'chairman of the committee [Mr. Pendleton]
^ifianjr instances in which he has asserted that the
fSlder^l party was one which favored a central-
ization of power in the executive branch of the
"©o^ernment. But,sir, that party, though charged
;wp favoring centralization, never went so far
that direction as does the bill which received
the support of a majority of the committee, in-
feliiding the chairman, by which it was brought
biejbre the House. This bill out-Federals the Fed-
eralists. It is open-browed, undisguised central-
ization.
gut it is said that the system now proposed for
Adoption by us has been adopted by Great Britain,
Jfrance, Spaip, Holland, the Netherlands, Portu-
gal, Greece, Prussia, Brazil, Chili, and many
other States. This is true; but it is not urged
. that the system works well in those countries,
rio'r that it benefits the interests of the people.
I will venture the assertion that the com-
mittee cannot name an instance of ministerial
admission to the halls of legislation which does
not tend to strengthen the executive at the ex-
. pense of the other departments of Government,
fevery one conversant with the history of the
.British Parliament knows how immense is the
power which the ministry exerts over the delib-
erations and actions of the House of Commons,
and how rarely defeat overtakes the cabinet.
.The example of Great Britainisthemoststrik-
Sngof all the cases cited by the committee, and
yet how totally different it is from the plan we are
called on to adopt. If the English system could
he stripped of its power to corrupt and overawe
the Commons, it would be as nearly perfect as
could be desired, for un^er it a defeat of the min-
isters compels them to retire from power, unless,
upon a dissolution of Parliament and an appeal
%o the electors, they are sustained. We can have
X\o such thing here. We must, if we pass this
.hill, submit to all the evils of the British plan
without enjoying any of its good features; and
here it must be remembered that the members of
the British cabinet have uo rights on the floor of
the House of Commons other than those which
pertain to them as members of Parliament. They
occupy their seats, speak, vote, and otherwise
participate in the transaction of public business
uecause they are members of Parliament and not
because they hold ministerial positions. The min-
isterial office may be resigned without affecting
the parliamentary office. Theretiiing ministerre-
mains a member of Parliament, takes his place on
the opposition instead of the ministerial benches,
and continues to exercise and enjoy all the rights
and privileges belonging to other members of the
body.
, The plan presented to us is quite different, and
must be so under our Constitution; for
"No person holding any office under the United States
shall he a member of either House dming liis continuance
ill office."—Constitution oj the United States, ait. I,sec.4.
A member of the Cabinet cannot be a member
of this Mouse, so that the only right he could have
on this floor would be by the virtue of his position
in the executive department of the Government;
  resignation of the Cabinet, office would exclude
him from this body also. Thus it will be seen
that the British plan is no precedent for us. We
could not follow it if we should desire so to do.
<*But, sir, to what extent are we to carry this
proposition to admit persons to the privileges of
this floor with the right to participate in debate?
Cabinet officers have been increasing in number
at intervals from the commenccmentof the Gov-
ernment down to almost our own time, and prop-
ositions are pending in some of the committees of
this House to still further enlarge the number.
The Department of State was created by the
act of July 27,1789; the War Department by the
act of August 7, 1789; the Treasury Department
by the act of September 2, 1789; the Navy De-
partment by the actof April 30,1798; the Interior
Department by the act of March 3, 1849. The
heads of these Departments were membeis of the
Cabinet from the first establishment of their re-
s|Jective offices.
'"'The office of Attorney General was created by
ihte act of September 24, 1789; but he did not
become a Cabinet officer until, I believe, the year
1845. The act providing for the appointment of a
Postmaster General was approved March 3,1825,
but, if my recollection serves me correctly, he did
not become a Cabinet officer until some time
afterward—1 cannot now name the year.
We now have seven members of the Cabinet
whose offices were created at different periods as
the exigencies of the Government demanded. This
bill proposes to admit them all to this floor; from
which it is fair to presume that all heads of De-
partments which future legislation may create
will be clothed with the same privilege. To what
number we shall arrive the future alone can de-
termine. During the Thirty-Seventh Congress
and the present one measures have been sug-
gested for the establishment of these additional
Executive Departments: Department of Agri-
culture, Department of Industry, Department of
Mines and Mineral Lands, and a Department of
Internal Revenue. Should these propositions re-
ceive the approval of Congress four more Cabinet
officers would be added to the number it is now
proposed to admit to the privileges of this floor,
making eleven in all. How many more may be
added in response to the demands of the marvelous
development of our material resources no man
can tell. But it is not difficult to determine the
power a numerous body of men holding the im-
mense patronage of the Executive Departments
in their hands would exercise upon the delibera-
tions of this House. There is no safety in fol-
lowing the line of action which this bill marks
out.
Mr. Speaker, thus far my remarks have been
guided by the state of facts now existing. The
executive and legislative departments of the Gov-
ernment are possessed by the same political party.
But another state of fact* may hereafter be pro-
duced, and then we should witness results quite
different from those which I have presented.
What would be the effect upon the country of a
majority in this House hostile to the occupants
of the executive offices? With this House op-
posed to the Presidentand his Cabinet,and guided
by the relentless bitterness which often marks
partisan warfare in this country, who can calcu-
late the disastrous consequences whiqh might flow
from surh a fountain of gall ? Unfortunately for
us, partisan feeling and prejudice often make the
embarrassment and overthrow of an Administra-
tion the objective point of all party action. In such
a case no more powerful belligerent party enginery
could be devised than that which this bill pro-
poses to establish. With this power a hostile
majority in this House could drive any faithful
Cabinet into retirement and practically defeat the
end designed to be reached by the provision of
the Constitution which authorizes the President
to appoint, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, those officers who act as his confi-
dential advisers. No man of sufficient pride of
character to entitle him to occupy a position in the
Cabinet would accept an office which should sub-
ject him to the reckless partisan badgering of a
hostile majority in this House. A practical ab-
sorption by this House of the independent char-
acter with which the Constitution designed to
clothe the executive department, or a rupture
between the two, must be the result of the system
we are considering. Let such a struggle com-
mence here and who can measure the extent of
the mischief which the Republic would realize?
A determined Executive and an obstinate House
could soon make up an issue which would drench
this land in blood. English history tells too
plainly of the bitter fruits which such a rupture
between two depai tments of the Governnientmay
produce. The experiences of England during the
contest between Charles and the Parliament
should admonish us to beware of measures which
may cause a repetition in this Republic of the
fearful tragedy which was enacted in the mother
country.
Mr. Speaker, there is no safety in the experi-
ment which we are asked to make, it is an " in-
fernal machine" which were better left unopened
and untouched. It is a dangerous departure from
the theory of the Government and the estab-
lished usage of the nation. I trust the House
will meet it with a mobt emphatic and determined
disapproval.
Report of the Secretary of "War.
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C., March 2,1865.
Sir: I transmit herewith the report of the Sec-
tary of War, which, with my permission, has
been delayed until the present time to enable the
Lieutenant General to furnish his report.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker House of Representatives.
War Department,
Washington City, March 1, 1865.
Mr. President: I have the honor herewith to
submit the annual reports of the several bureaus
of this Department. They were designed to ac-
company my annual report, which, by your per-
mission, has been delayed until the Lieutenant
General should furnish his summary of the mili-
tary operations of the past year. His report has not
yet been received, as the activity of the campaign
in progress demands his unceasingattention. But
the accompanying documents are now submitted,
in order that, so far as can be done without in-
jury to the service, they may be printed with the
public documents of the present session of Con-
The military events of the past year have been
officially published by this Department from time
to time as they transpired, and are fully known
in every branch of this Government, and through-
out thecivilized world. They constitute a series
of successful marches, sieges, and battles, attest-
ing the endurance and courage of the soldiers of
the United States, and the gallantry and military
skill of their commanders, unrivaled in the his-
tory of nations. ^
The campaign of the army of the Potomac, and
the operations on the James river, the Appomat-
tox, and around Richmond and Petersburg; the
masterly operations of our army in Georgia,
resulting in the capture of Atlanta, Savannah,
and other important military posts in that State;
the reduction of the forts in the harbor of Mobile;
the hard-fought battles at Franklin and around
Nashville, resulting in the rout of the rebel army
in Tennessee; the succession of brilliant victories
won by the army of the Shenandoah; the suc-
cessful storming of Fort Fisher; the capture of
Wilmington, Columbia, and Charleston, and
other achievements of less note, all contributing
to the triumph of the Union cause and the sup-
pression of the rebellion, will be more appro-
priately detailed upon the coming in of the report
of the Lieutenant General.
That the administrative operations of the sev-
eral bureaus of this Department have not failed
to contribute to the succpssof our armies is shown
by the official reports of their respective chiefs.
The Adjutant General reports the difficulties
springing from a sudden and vast increase of
business, measurably overcome in his bureau,
clerks instructed, and work systematized. Credit
is justly due to both the officers and clerks for
their fidelity.
Despite superior advantages for recruiting vol-
unteers, greater success has been reached in the
regular service than was anticipated. There are
two depots for collection of recruits for the Army
at large,one for infantry atFort Columbus, New
York, and one for mounted service at Carlisle,
Pennsylvania. There are also fourteen depots
for particular regiments established in different
sections of the country. Sick and wounded offi-
cers have generally been employed on recruiting
service, and when recovered they have been sent
to replace others in the field who require rehVf.
Twenty-one depots are established in the prin-
cipal States for collecting and forwarding to regi-
ments volunteers and substitutes, aijd also drafted
men. The Veteran Reserve corps has beer. <-f
much service in guarding these depots and escort--
ing detachments to their regiments. There are'
also six special depots for lecruits enlisted in
rebel States by agents from loyal States.
Boards of examination have been kept up to
inquire into causes of absence from duty and al-
leged offenses by officers. The effect has been to
diminish the number of cases published and re-
ferred to the boards to three hundred and sixty-
