1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
four for eleven months; whereas, before their
organization, from one hundred to two hundred
wore, reported monthly for absence without leave
alone.
The status of chaplains seems to be misunder-
stood. From the wording of the act of April 9,
1864, section one, it is thought by some chap-
lains that a new rank between the grades of ma-
jor and captain is intended for them. This is
supposed to be an error growing out of the use
of the term "surgeon," in the act, instead of
" medical officer." The former assimilated rank
of chaplains, in reference to allowance of quar-
ters and pay proper, was " captain," and such
should now be their rank.
Over two hundred flags captured from the rebels
have been received, properly labeled, and depos-
ited for safe-keeping.
Medals of honor have been awarded in numer-
ous instances to privates and non-commissioned
officers for gallant services. The plan of award-
ing gold and silver medals to officers instead of
brevets, to a certain extent, is commended to
notice. It should not supersede the conferring of
brevet, especially in cases where such rank might
be exercised in high commands.
The work of preparing official reports of bat-
tles, &c., for printing, in compliance with the
resolution of Congress of May 19, 1864, is pro-
gressing as rapidly as possible, and all officers
from whom such reports are due have been called
upon for them.
The Paymaster General reports that the entire
Army is paid to August 31,1864, or in process of
pay as rapidly as the Treasury can supply funds.
He calls attention to the defectiveorganization
of his bureau, and strongly urges that the Pay-
master General have the rank of a brigadier gen-
eral; that there be two assistant paymaster gen-
erals, with the rank of colonel, and ten deputy
paymaster generals, in addition to the two now
provided by law, with the rank of lieutenant col-
onel. He also recommends the adoption of a
provision of law to the effect that any paymaster
or additional paymaster selected by the Secretary
of War to take charge of a geographical pay dis-
trict, shall have the temporary rank of lieutenant
colonel during such charge.
He also reports that the clerical force of his
bureau is efficient, and that no increase is believed
to beat present required.
The Chief of Ordnance reports that the fiscal
affairs of that bureau show a
Balance 1st July, 1864, of  $3,122,979 11
Appropriation    42,015,000 00
Miscellaneous receipts    141,023 01
Total means ;ยง45j279,002 12
Expenditures? during the yenr ยง38.50:2,822 99
In Tiea*utY and public depositories June 30,
1864 !  1,797,387 16
Amount of rtppropriuttons lemaining m
Treasury same d;ite   4,978.791 97
$45,279,002 12
The estimates for the next fiscal year are based
on expenditures for a similar period last year,
taking into consideration remaining balances and
supplies on hand.
The supplies produced during the past fiscal
year include 1,750 pieces of ordnance, 2,361
attillery carriages and caissons, 802,525 small-
arms, 794,055 sets of accouterments and harness,
1,674,244 projectiles for cannon, 12,740,146 pounds
of bullets and lead, 8,409,400 pounds of gunpow-
dei, lG9,490,029cartridges forsmail-arms. These
are complete articles, in addition to large quanti-
ties of the same kind of supplies partially made
up at the arsenals.
The oidnar.ee supplies furnished to themilitary
service during the fiscal year include 1,141 pieces
of ordnance, 1,896 artillery carnages and cais-
sons, 455,910 small-arms, 502,044 sets of accou-
terments ond harness, 1,913,753 projectiles for
cannon, 7,624,685 pounds of bullets and lead,
464,549 rounds of artillery ammunition, 152,067
sets of hoise equipments, 112,087,553 cartridges
for small-arms, 7,544,044 pounds of gunpowder.
These supplies were in addition to large quanti-
ties of parts provided for repairs in the field.
The capacity of the arsenals for the manufac-
ture of munitions of war has been increased dur-
ing the year, and that increase is still going on,
so far as the means appropriated will admit.
Supplies manufactured at the arsenals are of
better quality and less cost than similar articles
obtained by contract or purchase.
The national armory at Springfield, Massa-
chusetts, can turn out three hundred thousand of
the best quality ofrifle muskets annually.
Possession has been taken of Rock Island, Illi-
nois, in pursuance of an act of Congress, and the
requisite buildings for an arsenal there are in
progress.
There is on hand a stock of three quarters of a
million of first-class rifle small-arms, exclusive of
the arms in the hands ofthe troops, since increased
to a million and a quarter.
The introduction of breech-loading arms for the
military service generally is recommended.
The selection of a site for a general depository
of gunpowder, and theerection of suitable maga-
zines thereon, is recommended. In that connec-
tion, the construction of a Government powder-
mill, of sufficient capacity to make standard and
proof powder and gun-cotton, is also recom-
mended.
The procurement of a suitable ground for the
proof and experimental firing of ordnance and
small-arms is urgently advised as a most essen-
tial want of the military service.
A heavy twenty-inch gun has been successfully
cast and finished, and is ready for trial. The
object of the trial is to demonstrate whether the
destructive effects of such a gun, warranted by
theory, will be practically realized, and to settle
the question of the largest effective caliber for sea-
coast cannon.
The armies in the field have been amply sup-
plied with good and effective arms, equipment,
and ammunition, and the armamentof our fortifi-
cations has been kept in good order, and strength-
ened, during the year.
The Chief Engineer reports that the operations
of his bureau for the last year embrace special
efforts to prepare the coast defenses to receive the
heavier and most suitable artillery for combating
iron-clad vessels; the construction of field-works
and lines with the armies in the field; the prep-
aration and service of pontoon-bridge equipage,
and the reduction of the enemy's works on Mor-
ris Island, at Fort Morgan, and Fort Gaines, by
siege operations.
Much information, in campaign maps and other
forms, has been prepared and disseminated, the
survey of the lakes has been satisfactorily con-
tinued, and progress made in the repairs and pres-
ervation of harbor-works for which appropria-
tions were made at the last session of Congress.
The expenditures of the year, including the
maintenance of the Military Academy, amount to
$6,345,191 74.
A board of engineers, ordered by the War De-
partment in January, 1864, to examine the sys-
tem of our sea-coast defenses, has performed its
duties, lecommending the modifications made ne-
cessary in them by the introduction of increased
calibers and rifle guns, and to enable them to
combat effectively iron-clad hostile fleets. Earth
as a material for parapets and ramparts is now
(as it has been from the earliest employment of
battering artillery) found to be the best as well
as the most economical resisting mass to oppose
to an enemy's fire, both on the land and sea fronts.
This material is uniformly adhered to wherever
the locality permits.
Nine officers of engineers, out of a total num-
ber of eighty-six, have been lost during the year
by death; all of them have given their lives to the
service of the country.
During the year twenty-seven cadets completed
the course of studies and practice in the Military
Academy, and were commissioned in the Army.
The smallness of this number grows out of the
resignations which occurred in thisclass in the be-
ginning of the rebellion. The classes atthis time
have the usual strength corresponding to congres-
sional representation.
The Commissary General of Subsistence re-
ports that the supplies of subsistence stores have
been mostly purchased in Boston, New York,
Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington, Cincin-
nati, Louisville, Chicago, and St. Louis. Beef
cattle were furnished by contracts of short dura-
tion at most convenient places, and driven from
the place of purchase to the field. iVIost of the
stores were purchased by advertising, accepting
the lowest bids offered for suitable articles at cash
prices. Attempts have in some cases^been made
by individuals and associations to monopolize and
control the,prices of articles required by the Sub-
sistence Bureau, thereby creating much difficulty.
The armies have been supplied with good and
wholesome food, antl large numbers of prisoners
and sufFeringUnion families have been furnished
with subsistence. Generally the contractors and
others have faithfully complied with their obli-
gations. Officers employed in this branch of the
service, with but few exceptions, have performed
their duties with promptness in the field and at
depots. During the year ending June 30, 1864,
52,482 quarterly or monthly accounts have been
examined and referred to the Treasury Depart-
ment.
The report of the Quartermaster General con*
tains a statement of the operations and expendi-
tures of the bureau under his control during the
fiscal year.
The clerical force authorized by law is, in his
opinion, still insufficient to make that prompt
examination of accounts and reports of disbursing
officers desirable, and indeed necessary, to secure
rigid accountability for the expenditure of the
public money and property.
An extension of the increase of compensation
granted by the last Congress to clerks of the
lower grades, so as to include those of higher
grades, is recommended by the Quartermaster
General in view of the increased cost of living in
Washington.
The Quartermaster General givesan accountof
the measures adopted under the orders of the Sec-
retary of War for equipping, supplying, and
moving the large army which, concentrating last
November on the banks of the Tennessee, fought
under General Grant the battle of Chattanooga,
and opened the way for the victorious campaign
of the army under General Sherman, resulting in
the capture of Atlanta and the operations which
are now in progress in the State of Georgia. The
vast efforts made, the wonderful resources in men
and material developed, the manner in which the
steamboat and railroad interests, the agricultural
and mechanical products of the valley of the
Mississippi, were laid under contribution in feed-
ing, supplying,and moving a vast army in an ad-
vance of over three hundred miles from'its sec-
ondary and four hundred and fifty miles from lis
primitive base, are described. The record is one
creditable to the people who have developed such
vast resources and placed them so patriotically at
the disposal of the Government, and also to the
officers, their agents in this great work.
The report gives tables of the quantities of the
principal military supplies,fuel, forage, clothing,
and materials purchased, transported, and used
during the year, it also contains statements of
the steamboats employed upon the western rivers,
and of the steamers and other vessels upon the
ocean,engaged in the transportation of troops and
supplies.
In this service it is believed many abuses have
been reformed arid great economies have been ef-
fected during the past year. The indications de-
rived from congressional examination and reports
have been followed up with advantage to the ser-
vice.
The Army has been well supplied wiih ail the
essentials of military equipment, and with fuel,
forage, and all necessaries.
The losses by capture and destruction of trains,
by the burning of transports by incendiaries em-
ployed by the rebels, have been great; but the
movements of the armies have seldom been de-
layed by them.
The most severe losses of material during the
year have been the destruction of a portion of the
train of the army at Chattanooga in the fall of
1863, and the consequent destruction of animals
there and in East Tennessee, the destruction of
steamers on the Mississippi and Ohio by incendi-
aries; the loss of the trains during the Red river
expedition; and to these may be added the de-
struction of a train of two hundred wagons near
Fort Smith, in Arkansas, since the close of the
fiscal vear*
