APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 1,
38th Cons....2d Sess.
• Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Beps.
• As the rebel armies are beaten back, they burn
all important railroad bridges, tear up the railroad
tracks, destroy the water stations, carry off the
machinery and rolling stock, and do all that is
nrtheir power to render the railroads useless to
fctif armies.
/ Th^ armies are obliged to follow generally the
natural lines of transport and communication, and
lines by which the enemy retires. All the
railroads north of the Potomac, and of the Ten-
nessee and Cumberland, and within the territory
which our armies have penetrated, have been al-
ternately in the hands of the rebels and of our
-own troops. When abandoned by the enemy,
their immediate reconstruction and operation be-
comes a military necessity.
i Colonel (now Brevet Brigadier Genera!) D. C.
McCollum has been placed as military director
iri.charge of this work. He has organized an ef-
ficient construction corps, provided rolling stock
for which it was necessary to make onerous de-
mands upon the manufacturers of the loyal States.
The report of Colonel"McCollum is a record of
the expenditure of over eleven millions of the ap-
propriations of the quartermaster's department.
It gives information upon the means.and the cost
-of supplying an army by railroad, and the man-
ner of repairing and reconstructing railroads in a
• hostile country, which is of great interest to sol-
diers and engineers. The results are remarkable
'triumphs of military and engineering skill, cred-
itable to the system under which they have been
accomplished, to the officers and men engaged in
the work, and to the country vj^iich has displayed
Such energy and such resources in defending and
asserting itsintegrity. Already a thousand miles
of railroad have been operated by this depart-
ment, in connection with the movements of the
armies.
The mobility of the armies has increased. The
opinion held by some officersof rank in the early
history of the rebellion, that an army could not
be maintained except within reach of a navigable
river or railroad, nas been dispersed by such
marches as those of General Sherman, from
Vicksburg, east of Meridian, and back toVicks-
burg, from Memphis to Knoxville and back to
Decatur, at a time when the railroads were not in
operation; that of General Burnside, from Cin-
cinnati and Louisville, through southeast Ken-
tucky, to Knoxville; and that of Lieutenant Gen-,
eral Grant from Washington to Petersburg, and
the march of General Sherman from Atlanta to-
ward the coast.
The organization of this bureau has been much
improved by the law of the 4th of July last. The
grades of rank and authority being now in pro-
1 portion to the duties and responsibilities, the offi-
cers work with greater success. The present
organization is fully detailed in the report of the
Quartermaster General, and no further changes
are thought neccssary.
The agreement made by the War Department
with a convention of railroad companies held in
this city early in the war has remained in force.
The railroads have continued to do the work of
the Government at the prices then established,
except as modified by the internal revenue laws,
though below those then charged to private citi-
zens, which have since been considerably in-
creased.
To a few railroads, subject to depredations by
the enemy from their being in districts where the
Department has not been able to give them entire
protection and safety, some advance in rate has
been granted.
The telegraph has continued to be a most effi-
cient and valuable aid to military operations. Six
thousand five hundred miles of military telegraph
has been in operation, of which three thousand
miles have been constructed during the year.
About one thousand persons have been employed
in this work. The efficiency and fidelity of the
officers and operatives of the military telegraph
deserve special recognition.
Full reports are given of the quantities of cloth-
ing, camp and garrison equipage furnished to the
armies during the year. . No difficulty has been
found in procuringamplesuppliesof good quality
from domestic manufacturers, with the exception
of tents-and blankets. 1$ a portion of these im-
poited materials have been used, as the domestic
manufactories have not yet been able to supply
all that were needed. Some frauds have been
committed, the authors of which it is believed will
be brought to justice by measures now in prog-
ress. Some have already been convicted ana sen-
tenced to the penitentiary.
The vast supplies of forage needed for our ar-
mies have been furnished generally with regular-
ity. The difficulty of transporting so bulky an
article as hay has caused some irregularity in its
supply to armies ih hostile districts, and it is re-
marked in this connection that the armies in act-
ual movement draw less heavily upon the means
of the Department than those which rest long
inactive in districts exhausted of supplies, and
therefore drawing every necessary from the dis-
tant loyal territory.
The trains of the Army are reported to be in
good condition, thoroughly organized, movable,
perfect in material and equipment, and well sup-
plied with animals,and the means of repair.
The purchase of horses for the cavalry was,
during the fiscal year, under the direction of a
branch of the Quartermaster General's office or-
ganized especially for that purpose, in connection
with the Cavalry Bureau. Since the reorganiza-
tion of this office under the law of July 4,1864, the
purchase of all horses and mules for cavalry, ar-
tillery, and the trains, has been placed under the
charge of a single division of the Quartermaster
General's office. It is believed that this h£s re-
sulted in advantage to the service by securing
more direct and speedy responsibility, and a bet-
ter and more uniform inspection.
The supply of animals has been at the rate of
about five hundred per day, which is also the av-
erage rate of their destruction. The cavalry of
the army of the Potomac was twice remounted
during the first eight month's of the present year.
The production of the country seems to be able
to bear the immense drain upon its horses and
mules, and the stock, judging from the current
prices, gives no signs of exhaustion or diminution.
The quartermasters' trains of our armies aver-
age one wagon to every twenty-four men in the
field; and an army in the field, well equipped with
artillery, cavalry, and trains, requires one horse
or mule, on the average, to every two men. The
number of horses and mules is nearly equal.
The ground appropriated for a cemeteiy near
the " Soldiers' Home," in the District, having
been filled, a national military cemetery has been
established at Arlington, on the south bank of the
Potomac, in which several thousand interments
have already been made. The names of the sol-
diers here buried are registered. Those who fell
repelling the rebel attack on the capital last July
have been buried on the battle-field north of Fort
Stevens. It is recommended that Congress pro-
vide for the erection of a monument to them.
For the better protection of the depots of the
Quartermaster's Bureau from rebel raids, the
Quartermaster General was directed to cause the
persons employed in his department, at the prin-
cipal and exposed depots, to be organized into
military companies and regiments for internal
guard duty and for local defense.
This organization at Washington, Nashville,
and Louisville has brought into service, as an aid
to the regular troops, a force of several thousand
men. They have, both in this District and in
Tennessee, been called upon several times during
the last year to take the place of regular troops
on guard and in the trenches,and havedoncgood
service at Washington, Nashville, and Johnson-
ville, all of which depots have been threatened or
attacked by the rebel armies.
The Quartermaster General states that the
views expressed in his report of 1862, in regard
to the aid to be expected and derived from the
colored population, have been confirmed by two
years'experience. These persons have been ex-
tensively employed in the labors of the Quarter-
master General's bureau, where each one so em-
ployed released a white soldier from labor, and
restores him to his place in line of battle. Their
extensive enlistment has created a demand, how-
ever, beyond the supply; application being made
to the Quartermaster General forsuch labor with
the armies before Richmond, which he was un-
able to provide, he endeavored to procure colored
men from the departments of the Atlantic and
Gulf coast, where it was publicly reported that
they were suffering for want of employment.
None could be obtained from those departments,
however. The commander of one of them re-
ported that they were all wanted for labor neces-
sary to the success of military operations, or for
other public service,and that nota man, woman,
or child could be spared.
The Quartermaster General makes honorable
mention of the labors and services of some of the
officers of his bureau, who have been engaged in
the most important operations, and have most
contributed to the general success of our armies.
Reference is made to the danger of interruption
of our military communications with the States
on the Pacific coast by war, and the difficulty
of supplying armies and defending these por-
tions of the Republic, when the only military
communication not exposed to a hostile fleet is a
wagon road across the continent, is mentioned.
The early completion of the Pacific railroad is
called for as a military precaution, deserving at-
tention and the fostering care of the Govern-
ment.
It appears from the report of theSurgeon Gen-
eral that the funds derived from all sources, and
available for the expenses of the medical depart-
ment for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1864,
were $12,263,988 08.
Disbursements  $11,025,791 33
Balance remaining in the Treasury June
30, 1864  914,135 10
Balance in the hand s of disbursing officers. 324,061 65
$12,263,988 08
One hundred and eighty-two hospitals, with a
capacity of 84,472 beds, were in operation at the
date of the last annual report. During the sum-
mer campaign it was found necessary to estab-
lish additional ones, and increase the capacity of
those nearest the scenes of activc ope rations, giving
190 hospitals, with a capacity of 120,521 beds on
June 30, 1864. During the year the health of the
entire Army was better than isusualwith troops
engaged so constantly on active duty and in ar-
duous campaigns. No destructive epidemics pre-
vailed in any section, and the number of sick and
wounded, although large, has been comparatively
small in the proportion it bore to the whole Army.
At the close of the year the number of sick and
wounded, both with their commands and in gen-
eral hospitals, was less than sixteen per e.ent, of
the strength of the Army. The numbersick with
their respective commands was four per cent.,
and in general hospitals five and three tenths per
cent., of the strength. Of the six and forty-six
hundredths per cent, wounded, nearly one per
cent, were with their respective commands, the
rest in general hospitals.
The establishment of mcdical depots within
reach of armies in the field, and their prompt sup-
ply upon the field of battle; the transportation of
sick and wounded by ambulance, railroad, and
hospital transports; the sufficiency and successful
administration of the best system of general hos-
pitals, the sanitary precautions, as well as all
minor.details of this department, te#ding to the
greater comfort of the sick and wounded,as well
as to the health and efficiency of the troops, have,
during the year, undergone the severest possible
test, and in no instance have the movements of
successful generals been impeded or delayed from
any cause within the control of the medical de-
partment.
House bill No. 543, Thirty-Eighth Congress,
having passed the House of Representatives, was
not reached in the Senate, and awaits final action.
The proposed and well-deserved promotion of
meritorious medical officers cannot fail to increase
their efficiency, by placing them upon an equal
footing with those of other staff corps in regard
to local rank,and itis respectfully submitted that
the faithful petfoimanceof arduous duties by offi-
cers of the medical staff should be recognised
and rewarded by brevets equally with the other
branches of the service.
The Army Medical Museum continues to in-
crease in value, and is already one of the most
instructive pathological collections in the world.
A descriptive catalogue is in course of preparation,
an examination of which will, it is thought, fully
establish the importance of this institution in con-
