/
1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIQNAL GLOBE.
Ill
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Iieport of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
nection with the surgical and medical history of
the war.
From the report of the Provost Marshal Gen-
eral will be seen—
1. The efforts made during the year to perfect
the enrollment of the national forces, the lists on
the 1st of November last containing the names
of 2,784,226 men.
2. The results of the drafts made in 1863 and
1864, given in tabular form, from which it appears
that on the 31st dayof July lastthere was no ma-
tt rial deficiency in the United States on the quotas
of troops required,such localities as were behind
having been drafted for the amounts due from
them. The draft made under the call of July 18,
1864, was in progress at the date of the Provost
Marshal General's report. This draft came on
during the heat of the late presidential campaign,
and resistance to it was threatened in many places,
arid in some actually organized. The Provost
Marshal General justly claims special credit for
the officers acting under him for the firmness and
fairness with which they executed the law of Con-
gress and the orders of the Government in mak-
ing this draft, and for the success which attended
their efforts.
3. The results of the volunteer recruiting ser-
vice, under the different calls for troops, dated
February 1, March 14, and July 18, 1864, are
given. In reference to the reenlistment of vet-
eran volunteers during the fall of 1863 the Pro-
vost Marshal General says:
" Over a hundred and thirty-six thousand tried soldiers,
who would otherwise ele this have been discharged, were
secured foi three years longer. Organizations which would
have been lost to the service were preserved and leeruited,
and capable and expeiienced officers were retained in com-
mand. The force thus organized and retained has per-
formed an essential part in iliegi cat campaign ofl864,and
its importance to the country cannot be overestimated."
I concur in the forgoing remarks, and know of
no operation connected with the recruitment of
the Army which has resulted in more advantage
to the service than the one referred to.
The results of the recruitment under the act of
July 4, 1864, for recruiting in rebel States are
reported as unfavorable.
4. Commutation money received up to Novem-
ber 1, 1864, from drafted men, while permitted
by law to secure exemption by payment of $300
each is appropriated by act of Congress, " for the
expenses of draft, and for the procuration of sub-
stitutes." A large part of it has been used, and
the remainder is required for other purposes.
5. The Provost Marshal General reports ac-
tivity on the part of his officers in the arrest of
deserters and stragglers, 39,392 having been ar-
rested between October 1, 1863, and October 1,
1864—the total number arrested, from the estab-
lishment of the bureau to October 1, 1864, being
60,760.
6. The Provost Marshal General reports the
Veteran Reserve corps as consisting, October 1,
1864, of 764 officers and 28,738 men; its discipline
and instruction good; and that the entire corps is
doing duty which would otherwise have to be per-
formed by an equal number of able-bodied troops
detached from the armies in the field; nfld that it
is yet inadequate in numbers to fill the demands
made on it.
7."The medical statistics of the drafts, present-
ed in a series of tables, are referred to by the
Provost Marshal General as worthy of special
attention.
8. The total disbursements on account of en-
rollment and draft, including all the expenses of
the bureau for the year ending October 31, 1864,
are given at $4,016,728 55. The amountexpend-
ed during the year ending September 30, 1864,
from the appropriation for collecting,organizing,
and drilling volunteers, is given at $4,199,071 17.
Amount expended from same fund during pre-
ceding year, $7,789,237 40. Amount expended
during the year ending September 30, 1864, for
pay of advance bounty to volunteers, $14,658,203.
No appropriation of money is asked for any
branch of this bureau during the ensuing year.
As will appear from the accompanying report
of the Judge Advocate General, the business of
this bureau has continued steadily to increase.
Its important duties are believed to be faithfully
performed, while, as was anticipated, the new or-
ganization given to the office by the act of last
session is found to have added much to the effi-
ciency of its operations. A digest of the opin-
ions of the Judge Advocate General upon current
questions of military law, which has been pub-
lished and distributed throughout the Army, will,
while affording valuable instruction to inexpe-
rienced officers, contribute to produce that uni-
formity of decision and action so much to be de-
sired in the administration of military justice.
The general exchange of prisoners effected un-
der the instructions of this Department by Lieu-
tenant General Grant is in course of diligent exe-
cution, and it is hoped that all of our prisoners
who are in the hands of the rebels will soon be
returned. A furlough of thirty days is extended
to them as they are returned to the camp at An-
napolis.
To the chiefs of bureaus and their subordinates
the thanks of this^Department are due for their
unwearied industry, vigilance, and general fidel-
ity in the discharge of their respective duties.
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
The Congressional Ox look and Appendix will 1)0 furnished subscribers tit the next regular session , which will
be a long one. Terms will be made known by Prospectus.
Subscribers for this session who have not received, or who have lost, any numbers, either of The Congressional
Globe or The Appendix, can get them by inclosing to us five cents for each missing number.
