804
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
JTebruary 14,
loyal States. The effect on pricesproduced by
an inflated specie currency in the racific States
is the same as that produced by the expansion of
a paper circulation in the Atlantic States. When
we have too much money, of whatever kind,
prices will advance. It is not the kind of circu-
lation, but the quantity, of whatever kind, which
produces the effect which it is our duty to rem-
edy. I have in my possession a list of prices,
showing the cost of almost every article which
inters into the consumption of every family in the
markets of San Francisco, and which illustrates
the effect of ah expansion of the specie currency
better than I could do by any argument which I
could present to the committee. The statement
is as follows:
" I will give you alist of the priccs of the leading articles
In our family maikets at the present time, to enable your
refers to form an idea of the cost of living in San Fran-
cisco: Porter-house steaks, 20 cents; snlom steaks, 15
cents; pork, 15 cents; flour, per barrel, $12; potatoes, 5
cents per pound; California butter, choice fresh, $1 per
pound; in rolls, 75, CO, and 50 cents per pound, for Nos. 1
and*2; Oregon butter,40 to45cents, asmquality; isthmus
buttei, 40 to 50 cents for choice Orange county, New York,
and 37£ to 45 cents for cooking butter. Laid, 25 cents per
pound for city rendered, and 20 cents fur old E;u-tem.
Cheese, 30 cents per pound for ail grades otdinaiy, and 35
cents for choice dairies. Sage, 50 cents per pound. Eggs,
80 cents per dozen lor good. Honey, 40 cents per pound
for old, and 50 cents for new comb and stiained. Cran-
berries, 35 cents for Ea&toru, and 30 cents per quart foi new
crop Oregon. Oysters, 50 cents per can, or ,<§5 per dozen
for MCiMunayV. Hams, 20 cents; bacon,20 cents; and
dried beef, 20 cents per pound. Chickens, so pooi tliat tlioy
eould not bo given away in Chicago, 75 cents to $1 each,
brentgeese, (wild,)37J ccntseach. Swans,$1 each. Can-
ada geese, (wild.) 75 cents each. Ducks, (wild.) 25 ro J7£
cents each. Quail, $2 25 to $2 50 pei dozen. Tuikeys,
25 to 33 cents per pound, live weight. Tame ducks, $1 25
each. Apples, §1 50 to $2 50 per box of 50 pouudb; No.
1,5 to 8 cents per pound ; peais, cooking, 50 to £2 50
per box; poa s, table,4 to 10 cents per pound ; duod plums,
10 to 25 cents per pound ; dried peaehes, 10 to 15 cents per
pound ; quinces, 6 to 9 cents pei pound ; Calnoinia gtapes
4 to 10 cents per pound; foieigu do, 15 to 37J- eont-> pei
pound; figs, 6 to 15 cents per pound; stravvben les, 40 to
75 cents pei pound ; codfish, 6 cents' pei pound ; rockfish,
6 cents per pound ; smelts, 0 cents per pound; tomcods,
J8f cents per pound ; nuigeon, 3 cents per pound ; seu
bahS, 5 cents per pound; tlounders 15 cent's per pound;
shrimps, 10 cents per pound ; salmon, 10 cents per pound ;
halibut, 25 cents per pound heriing^, 5 cents pei pound ;
perch, (J cents per pound ; whole sea ba&s, weighing 25 to
50 pounds each, ^i each.
" These prices, umu«t be home in mind, are for coin, not
paper money, and the price of the finb is only one halt what
it usually is owing to a strike ot the Italian fishermen, who
have usen en masse lecemly against the regular maillots,
and have established one of tlieir own, in which they sell
n* above, in ouler to drive their opponents out of business.
Wood is $11 to $12 per cord, and coal in ptoportion."
Now, I find that those prices correspond with
the prices we have in Washington, Baltimore,
Philadelphia, New York, Boston, and other east-
ern cities, showing that the same effect is pro-
duced in California by the expansion of gold
that is produced in the eastern States by the use
of paper. The only remedy we can have is a
reduction of the volume of (lie currency in oidcr
that it may be brought down to the standard re-
quired by the legitimate demand of the business
of the country. This remedy we ought to apply
without delay, and in the most effective way.
Every interest demands this at our hands.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DONNELLY. I offer the following amend-
ment to the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. IIoopku:]
Provided, That banks incorporated under State authonty,
with a less capital than <j>u0,0U0, who.-c citculatin^ note*
are secured wholly bv deposit ol bonds of the United
States, at their par value, tu the amount ot ten pei cent,
beyond the amount of their cireulaune notes, shall be taxed
upon their circulation and deposits in nic same manner,
and at the same rates, as are or may be picsciibed tor the
taxation of national bank1-..
The purpose of the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Massachusetts is to compel a de-
mand for the purchase of United States bonds.
The banking law, however, fixes the limit of
the amount of capital necessary for one of these
banks at $100,000, with a proviso that banks with
a capital of $50,000 may be established upon
especial permission being: granted by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. That permission is, how-
ever, very difficult to obtain. I offer this amend-
ment because in our western States, particularly
in such States as Wisconsin and Minnesota,
where banking associations are necessary for the
convenience of the people and for the movement
of our grain crops to the eastern maikets, capital
is necessarily scarce,' and if is difficult to procure
in our smaller towns a sufficient amount to^etrb-
lish a bank under the requirements of our national
banking law. Our State banking system, how-
ever, requires a deposit of United States stocks
or State stocks, with a margin of ten per cent,
beyond the amount of circulation. Most of our
banks are established upon United States stocks,
and their capital does not usually exceed, for each
bank, $25,000.
it is impossible in the condition of our coun-
try—and this remark applies equally to Wiscon-
sin, Iowa, and other western States—to obtain in
the smaller towns capital enough to comply with j
the national banking law. Therefore the failure
of these banks to become national banks does not
spring from any resistance to the national bank-
ing law, but from the cncumstances of the case.
It seems to me that if these banks are founded,
as nearly all of them are in my State, upon Uni-
ted States stocks, they afford to that extent a
market for these bonds, and they should not be
discriminated against in our tax laws. In other
words, their notenteringunderthe national bank-
ing law is due to the difficulties winch surround
the circumstances of the case, and which pertain
to all new communities, sparsely settled and with
little capital; and I take it that if they comply as
fully as they can by the purchase of United States
stocks with the spiritof the national bankinglavv,
they should not be discriminated against in the
matter of taxation. They do not strictly come
within the intention of the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Massachusetts, which is to
force out of existence banks founded upon State
stocks, and to compel them to purchase the stocks
of the United States and establish national banks.
Mr. WILSON. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I think that might be a proper amend-
ment, if offered to the national banking law, but
not to the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Massachusetts.
Now, sir, as I remarked when my time ex-
pited, 1 think it our duty to reduce, so far as we
can, the volume of the currency now in the coun-
try, which has led to the enormous inflation of
prices of all commodities. While we are impos-
ing burdens upon our people by taxation, and
sorely afflicting many of the industrial interests
of the country, I think we should accompany
such legislation with some provision which will
tend to inciease the value of the money we arc
using for the purpose of carrying on the affairs
of the Government and the trade and commerce
of the country in every department. I know of
no other way than to prohibit the issue of notes
for circulation by the local banks of the States.
National banking associations are increasing
every day, and in this way millions are being
added to the circulation. This wilt go on until
notes representing the entire $300,000,000 of na-
tional banking capital shall be put in circulation.
We must, then, look to a destruction of the issues
of the State banks as the only remedy we can
apply at the present time.
Certainly there can be no question about our
power to do this under the power conferred upon
Congress to regulate commerce, and to do what-
ever is necessary and proper to carry into effect
the powers delegated to the legislative department
of the Government. From that power we derived
the authority to establish a system of national
banking; and having assumed jurisdiction with
reference to the currency of the country, we have
a right to prohibit the Suites from authonzingthe
issuance of bank notes, as n means necessary to
pieservo the value of the circulating medium au-
thorized by Congress. 1 think the sooner we
apply the remedy the better it will be for all con-
cerned; and instead of postponing, as the gentle-
man from Massachusetts proposes, the operation
of the tax until the 1st of January next, increase
the rate, shorten the tunc,and prohibit new issues,
as my substitute contemplates. The Government
and the people need relief now, not next year.
In older to make the remedy more perfect than
that proposed by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, 1 have somewhat modified his amendment,
and added thereto the provision that after the 1st
of April, 1865, those State banks shall issue no
notes of their own or the notes of other State
banks. That will drive home all the issues of
State banks and relieve us to the extent of the
nmountof currencynow in circulation and issued
by the State banks. If this amendment should
by adopted now, the provision of the section es-
tablishing the tax upon circulation would have
but little to operate on, for the reason that all lo-
cal and national batiks being prohibited fiom pay-
ing out the currency of State banks, it will be
driven home for redemption, and in a few months
all this class of notes will have disappeared from
circulation.
Mr. CLAY. I would ask the gentleman if hia
mode of relieving the currency is to kill one State
bank in my town and start three national banks
in its place?
Mr. WILSON. The question which the gen-
tleman propounds only opens up a broader field,
exhibiting the difficulties under which the nation
is now laboring more fully than I have yet pre-
sented. Of course there may be banks created in
the town in which the gentleman resides under tfie
national banking system whether we prohibitthe
issue of notes for circulation by local banks or
not. The only question is, whether, having de-
termined to establish national banks, we will not
do something tp curtail the volume of the cur-
rency, instead of increasing the number of banks
and thereby increasing the volume of the cur-
rency, without any check on the local State in-
stitutions.
I will suggest also that the bank to which the
gentleman from Kentucky refers may change its
organization and carry on its operations under
the national banking law. This amendment of-
fers them a choice between operating under the
charter granted by the State and organizing under
the national banking system. If they continue
under the State charter, under the provisions of
this amendment, they will be prohibited, after the
1st of April next, from issuing notes under and
by virtue of the powers they derive from the State.
My sole purpose is to reduce the volume of the
currency of the country, thereby adding to the
value of that which is left; not to make warupon
any bank or any banking system, but simply to
apply a remedy which shall reduce the volume
which is now disastrously affecting every inter-
est in the whole country. While I am voting
taxes on the people I want to make the money
worth something more than it is, so as to prevent
as far aspracticable an unnecessary accumulation
of the national debt.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr HOOPER. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of thegentlcman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson.]
i concur entirely in the views of the gentleman,
but I think his measure is too sharp upon the
banks; that more time should be given to them to
draw in their circulation before this law takes effect
upon them. If the gentleman would change the
dates in his amendment, so as to make them the
same as those in mine, I should be better satis-
fied with it, although I think that both the times
"and the lates in the original amendment are quite
sufficient to ant-wcr the purpose that he lias in
view as well as myself.
Mr. STEVENS. Is an amendment to the text
still in order?
The CHAIRMAN. An amendment to the
substitute is still in order.
Mr. STEVENS. Not to the text?
The CHAIRMAN. Not to the text. There
is an amendment to the amendmentalready pend-
ing.
Mr. STEVENS. I supposed that an amend-
ment to the text would be in order, as the pend-
ing amendment is to strike out the whole text.
The CHAIRMAN. Not at the presentstage.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, as it is nearly half
past four o'clock, I move that the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker having
resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeroy reported that
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had, according to order, had undercon-
sideiation the state of the Union genetally, and
particulaily the tax bill,and had come to no res-
olution thereon.
Air. STEVENS. I intend to offer at the end
of this bill some additional sections to regulate
the course of the planets. [Laughter.] I ask
that my amendments may be printed.
It was so ordered.
EVENING SESSION DISPENSED WITH.
Mr. MALLORY moved that the evening ses-
sion be dispensed with for to-day.
