1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Me. ASHLEY demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Garfield
and Mallory were appointed.
Tin? House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes G6, noes 40.
Mr. MORRILL demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. COX. Can we conclude the call of the
roll before the time for taking the recess arrives?
The SPEAKER. The usage always is that if
a roll-call is commenced it has to be completed.
If the vote results in dispensing with the evening
session, then the House will be ready to adjourn
forthwith; if it should not be dispensed with, the
House would immediately, on the completion of
the call, take a recess until seven o'clock.
Mr. ICASSON. Will it be in order to state to
the House that to-morrow our session will ne-
cessarily be interrupted? [Cries of "I object!"
" Order!"]
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The question was taken, and it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 70, nays 56, not voting 56;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Baily, Augustus C.
Baldwin, Brooks, James S. Brown, William G. Brown,
Chanler, Freeman (Jlarke, Clay, Cobb, Cox, Dawson,
Denifon, Eekley, Edgerton, Eldridge, Farnsworth, Fmck,
Frank, G.ui&ou, Gnder, Griswold, Hale, Hall, Harding,
Charles M Harris, Herrick, Holman, Ingersoll, Philip
JohnKm, Kalbfleisch, Law, Lazear, Le Blond, Loan,
Long, Mallory, MeKmney, Middleton, William II. Miller,
Daniel Morris, James it. Morris, Leonard Myers, Nelson,
Ode!!, John O'Neill, Ortli, Pendleton, Pruyn, Radford,
"William II. Randall, James S. Rollins, Ros^, Sehenck,
Smithers, Spalding, John B. Steele, William G. Steele,
Stiles, Strou->e, Sweat, Townsend, Tracy, Wadswortli,
Ward. Webster, Whalcy, Williams, and Wmfield—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ashley, John D.
Baldwin, Baxter, Beauian, Blow, Boutwell, Broomall,
Colo, Dawes, Doming, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eliot,
Garfield, Gooch, Iligby, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, John
H. Hubbard, Ilulbuid, Julian, Ka son, Kelley, Orlando
Iv^lloirg, Knox, Lattlejuhn, Longyeai, Marvin, McBride,
McClurg, Samuel F. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill, Amos
Myers, "Charles O'Neill, Pattei&on, Perham, Pike, Pnm-
eioy, Alexander H. Kiee, John II. Rice, Edward II. Rol-
lins, Shannon, Stevens, Thayer, Upson, Van Valken-
burgh, William B. Washburn, Wilder, Wilson, Wmdom,
and Worthinaton—56.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James C. Allen, William J.
Allen, Arnold, Blame, Blair, Bliss, Boyd, Brandegee,
Ambrose W. Clark, Coffrotli, Cravens, Cre^well, Henry
Winter Davis, Thomas T. Davis, Dumont, Eden, English,
Grinned, ll.unnirton, Benjamin G. Harris, Ilotchkiss,
Hutch ins Jenelce«, William Johnson, Francts W. Kelloug,
Kernan, King,Knapp,Marcy, McAllister,McDowell, Mc-
indoe, Moin.-.on, Noble, Norton, Perry, Price, Samuel J.
Randall, Robinson, Rogers, Scoficld, Scott, Sloan, Smith,
Starr, Stuart, Thomas. Voorhees, Elihu J3. Wa hburne,
Wheeler,Chilton A. White, Joseph W. White, Benjamin
Wood, Fernando Wood, Woodbndge, and Yeaman—59.
So the evening session was dispensed with.
CORRECTION OF ERROR.
Mr. BEAM AN, by unanimous consent, offered
a resolution directing the Clerk to request the
Senate to return to this House the joint resolution
(S. No. 42) in order to correct an error in the
engrossment cf an amendment thereto; which was
read, considered, and agieed to.
TERRITORY OF WYOMING.
Mr. ASHLEY, by unanimous consent, reported
from the Committee on Territories a bill to pro-
ride a temporary government for the Territory of
Wyoming; which was ordered to be printed and
recommitted.
BRIDGE OVER TUB OHIO.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I call up the motion to reconsider the vote
by which Senate bill No. 413, to establish a bridge
across the Ohio river at Cincinnati, Ohio, a post
road, was referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads.
The question was taken, and the vote was recon-
sidered.
The question recurring on referring the bill to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
Mr. HOLMAN said: I hope the bill will not
be referred, but that the House will pass it now.
The motion to refer was not agreed to.
The bill was then read the third time.
Mr. ALLEY. I desire to say that the subject
has been under consideration in the Committee
on (he Post Office and Post Roads, and that the
passage of the bill is recommended.
Mr. HOLMAN moved the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, and under its operation
the bill wac passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed, and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOUR Of MEETING TO-MORROW.
Mr. MORRILL. As the House will be able
to sit but a short time to-morrow, in consequence
of an obituary announcement, I ask, at the re-
quest of several gentlemen, that, by unanimous
consent, we meet to-morrow morning at eleven
o'clock.
Mr. COX. I object.
TRANSFER OF DISABLED SURGEONS.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to provide for the transferof regi-
mental surgeons, who have been disabled while
in the line of their duty, to duty as post and hos-
pital surgeons; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
LEGISLATIVE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the legislative
appropriation bill, which has been returned from
the Senate with amendments, be taken from the
Speaker's table, and referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
WAR-VESSELS ON THE LAKflS.
Mr. KELLOGG, of Michigan". I ask unani-
mous consent to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That ti)o Committee on Naval Affairs be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of authorizing the
Secretary of the Navy to pui chase or construct one or more
vessels-of-war 011 the northern and northwestern lakes.
Objection being made, the resolution was not
received.
BUREAU OF LIFE INSURANCE.
Mr. ALLEY. I move that the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads be discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of C. B.
Smjth and others, for the establishment of a Bu-
reau of Life Insurance, and that said petition be
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER. I move that the petition be
printed.
The motion was agreed to.
BRIDGE AT LOUISVILLE.
Mr. MALLORY. I ask that, by unanimous
consent, the House take from the Speaker's table
and consider Senate bill No. 392, an act supple-
mental to an act approved July 14,1862, entitled
"An act to establish certain post roads."
Theie being no objection, the bill was read a
first and second time, itauthorizes the Louisville
and Nashville Railroad Company, and tTie'JefTci'-"
sonville Railroad Company, stockholders in the
Louisville Bridge Company, to construct abridge
over the Ohio river at the Head falis of the Ohio,
and specifies the conditions and restrictions under
which the work shall be executed. It also provides
that the bridge when erected shall be a lawful
structure, and shall be recognized and known as
a post route.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MALLORY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
And then, on motion of Mr. ELDRIDGE, the
House (at a quarter before five o'clock, p. m.)
adjourned.    "
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, February 15, 1865.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. Thomas Bow-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and approved.
DEATH OF SENATOR HICKS.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, it is my pain-
ful duty to announce to the Senate the death ot
my late colleague and friend, Thomas Holliday
Hicks. . The sad event occurred at his lodgings
in this city on Monday morning, the 13th instant,
at seven o'clock. A i'ew days of indisposition,
so apparently slight as to give Ins friends no ttn-
i easiness, was. without any seeming premonition,
followed on the Friday before his death by asud-
den attack of paralysis, so severe that its fatal'r'6-
suit was at once seen to be inevitable and near at
hand. It rendered him speechless, but did notjsb
affect his mind but that he recognized the friends
around him, and by whom, to the last, he wis
carefully and affectionately attended,until within
a few hours of his decease. Governor Hicks (ji
title by which he is best known and will be ever
gratefully remembered, not only by Maryland
but by the nation ) was born in Dorchester county,
Maryland, on the 2i of September, 1798. Hits
parents were highly respectable, but with a large
family and limited means they were unable to give
their son a collegiate education. What he was
taught was merely rudimental, and this was ac-
quired in one of the common schools of the county.
His father being a farmer, Governor Hicks
assisted him in that occupation until his minor-
ity terminated, when he commenced a career of
his own. With manners and disposition that
were native to him, and well calculated to win
esteem and confidence, he was at an early age
made a constable of his county, an office humble
but trustworthy, and discharged its duties so sat-
isfactorily that m 1824,at the early age of twenty-
six, he was elected its sheriff, an office of high
grade and of much importance and responsibility.
This office also he conducted with an intelligence
and integrity that commanded general approval,
and gave him even a stronger hold on the popular
judgment. Its term expired, he engaged in mer-
cantile business in Vienna, a village in his county,
and in this position his diligence and integrity
were again exhibited. In 1836 he was elected
a member of the electoral college which at that
period appointed the Senators of the State, and
in the proceedings which ensued, and whicIS for
a time filled our citizens with solicitude, and at-
tracted the attention of the whole country, he
conducted himself with his accustomed discre-
tion and firmness, and evinced his inherent love
of law and oider. He was at one time one of
the Governor's Council, a station of the greatest
trust and honor, and for several years was elected
by the people of Dorchester a member of the House
of Delegates of the State; and on each occasion so
discharged his duties as to retain their confidence.
In 1838 he was appointed by the Governos re-
gister of wills of the county, and when the office
was made elective by the people he was twice
elected to it,and would have been a third time if
he had not declined it. In this official and im-
portant trustheagain displayed business capacity
and perfect integrity. In 1849 and 1850, by the
choice of his uniformly confiding constituents, he
was elected to the constitutional convention of the
State,anddischarged itsduties faithfully and with
ability. He was afterward chosen by popular
vote Governor of the State, and held that,station
w!)eri'The' jn*'S^etit"rebejrr6n commenced and until
1862.
It is his official conduct in that office that has
made his name so well and favorably known to
every loyal man in the Unioji.
During this period his responsibility was such
as to task his firmness and his judgment, and to
test his patriotism. They proved equal to the
emergency. Withapeople whose feelings, from
their locality and sameness of habits and institu-
tions, were so well calculated to cause them to sym-
pathize with our southern brethren, and who were
sensitively alive to any interference with that par-
ticular institution they had known and possessed
from the colonization of the States, and in which
their pecuniary means were largely invested,
with business and social relations closely binding
them to the South, it was not surprising that they
should fora time forget the paramount duty which
they owed to the General Government, or be blind
to the consequences that were sure to follow an
attempt to dissolve the Union which that Govern-
ment created, and was wisely designed, and en-
dowed with powers amply adequate, if properly
exerted, to preserve forever.
In this interval of temporary forgetfulness an
excitement amounting to madness threatened the
State with a fraternal war, and with driving her
into the rebellion, that would have made her soil
the battle-ground of the strife which has deluged
every seceding State in blood, and would cer-
tainly have involved her in ruin. Against every
effoit that ignorance or ambition could essay to
effect the insane and wicked purpese, Governor
