LAWS OF THE UNITED STATES.
PUBLIC ACTS OF THE THIRTY-EIGHTH CONGKESS
02F Till!
UNITED STATES,
Parsed at the Seu/nd Session, which was begun and holden at the City of Washington, in the District of Columbia, on
Monday, the 5th day of December, A. D. 1864, and ended Friday, the 3d day of March, A. D. 18G5.
Abraiiam Lincoln, President. Hannibal Hamlin, Vice President, and President of the Senate. Daniel Clark
was elected President of the Senate, pro tempore, on the 9th day of February, and so acted until and
including the 19th day of that month. Schuyler Colfax, Speaker of the House of Representatives.
[The Index to the Laws follows the Index to the Appendix.]
Chapter I.—An Act in addition to the "Act
respecting Quarantines and Health Laws,"
approved February twenty-fifth, one thousand
seven hundred and ninety-nine, and for the
better exc cution of the third section thereof.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he ys hereby, authorized to purchase or erect
suitable warehouses and other conveniences for
the storage of goods and merchandise imported
in any vessel subject to quarantine or other re-
straint, pursuant to the health laws of the State
of New York, at such convenient place or places
within or near the port of New York as the safety
of the public revenue and the observance of such
health laws may require; and the sum of twenty
thousand dollais is hereby appropriated, out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to defray the expense thereof.
Approved, December 15, 18G4.
Chap. II.—An Act authorizing the holding of a
Special Session of the United States District
Court for the District of Indiana.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rejrre-
senlativesofthe United States of Jlmerica in Congress
assembled, That a special session of the United
Stales district court for the district of Indiana
shall be holden at the usual place of holding said
court, on the first Tuesday 111 January, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five. .
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That all suits
and proceedings of acivil or criminal nature, now
pending in or returnable to said court, shall be
proceeded in, heard, tried,and determined by said
court, at said special session, in the same man-
ner as at a regular term of said court, and the
judge thereof is hereby empowered to order the
impounding of a petit and grand jury for said
session.
Approved, December 20, 1864.
Chap. III.—An Act to authorize the Purchase or
Construction of Revenue Cutters on the Lakes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Ameiica in Congress
assembled, Tfiat the Secretary of the Treasury is
author.Z'-d to construct, or purchase and alter,
not exceeding six steam revenue cutteis, for ser-
vice on the lakes; and lor that putpose the sum
of one million of dollars, or so much thereof as
is necessary, is hereby appropriated, out of any
NEW Series—3StO. 8.
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated.
Approved, December 20, 18G4.
Ciiap. VI.—An Act to establish the Grade of Vice
Admiral in the United States Navy.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled,That the President of the United Stales
be, and he is hereby, authorized and empowered,
by and with the advice and consent of the Sen-
ate, to appoint one vice admiral, who shall be
selected from the list of active rear admirals, and
who shall be the ranking officer in the Navy of
the United States, and whose relative rank with
officers of the Army shall be that of lieutenant
general in the Army.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the pay
of the vice admiral of the Navy shall be seven
thousand dollars when at sea, six thousand dol-
lars when on shore duty, and five thousand dol-
lars when waiting orders.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That the first
section of an act, approved December twenty-first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, entitled "An act
further to promote the efficiency of the Navy,"
shall not be so construed as to apply to any one
holding a commission as vice admiral in the
Navy.
Approved, December 21, 18G4.
Ciiap. VIII.—An Act to amend the act entitled
"An Act to provide Internal Revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay 1-nterest on the
Public Debt, and for other purposes, "approved
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That section fifty-five of an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to suppou
the Government, to pay interest on the public
debt, and tor other purposes," approved June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, be
amended by striking out the word " February"
wherever it occurs in said section, and inseitmg,
in lieu thereof, the word January.
Approved, December 22, 18G4.
Chap. IX.—An Act to extend the Time allowed !
for the Withdrawal of certain Goods theiem .
named from public Stoies. :
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives qf the United States of America in Congress
•ttSemMHtj That in computing the three years al-
lowed by the twenty-first section of the act en-
titled "An act increasing temporarily the duties
on imports, and for other purposes," approved
July fourteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
for the withdrasval of goods from any public
store or bonded warehouse for exportation to
foreign countries, or transshipment to any port
of the Pacific or western coast of the United
States, if such exportation or transshipment of
any such goods shall, either for the whole or any
part of the said teim of three years have been
prevented by reason of any order of the Presi-
dent of the United States, the time during which
such exportation or transshipment of such goods
shall have been so prevented, as aforesaid, shall
be excluded from the said computation.
Approved, December 22, 18G4.
Chap. XI.—An Act to repeal the Provision of
Law requiring certain Regents of the Smith-
sonian Institution to be members of the Na-
tional Institute.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That so much of the act " To establish
the Smithsonian Institution, for the increase and
diffusion of knowledge among men" as requires
that two of tli" regents of caul Institution shall
be members of the National Institute m the city-
of Washington, be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed .
Approved, January 10, 18G5.
Chap. XII.—An Act making Appropriations for
the Payment of Invalid and other Pensions of
the United States for the year ending the thir-
tieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same aie hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the payment of pensions for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-six:
For invalid pensions under various acts, four
million dollars.
For revolutionary pensions, per acts of March
eighteenth, eighteen hundred and eighteen; May
fifteenth, eighteen hundred and twenty-eight;
June seventh, eighteen hundred and thirty-two;
thud section of act of July seventh, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-eight; Maich third,eighteen hun-
dred and forty-three; June seventeenth, eighteen
hundred and forty.four; February second and
