806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
Hicks interposed the whole power of his office,
and succeeded in defeating it. Nor was this
accomplished without personal peril. In April,
1861, when the blood of the loyal soldiers of Mas-
sachusetts was treasonably shed in the streets of
our chief city, and its power for some days was
wielded by men who, for the most part, were re-
solved on rushing the State into rebellion,it was
obvious to those who witnessed the scenes of the
day, and moved among the parties who engaged
in them, that Governor Hicks was an object of
such intense animosity that his safety was not
assured. This is not the occasion to dwell on
these events. It is consoling to her loyal sons,
to whom the good name of the State and city is
so dear, that they terminated without effecting
their design; and gladly would they have them
forever forgotten. In these trying moments the
Governor was true tcwhisduty. Throughout his
term of office he devoted himself with untiring
industry and an ever-watchful patriotism, by
every legal means, to-crush out the spirit of se-
cession and to retain the State in her allegiance to
the Union; and he succeeded. When he ceased
to be her Governor she was loyal in all the de-
partments of her government, and the people, by
a voice approaching unanimity, proclaimed their
fixed resolve to stand by the Union, not only as
a matter of almost holy duty, but as indispensa-
ble to their safety and prosperity; and so she and
they have been ever since. It is not going too far
to declare that this result is in a great measure to
be referred to the conduct of Governor Hicks.
Had he listened to those who counseled a differ-
ent policy; had he lent the power of his office to
accomplish their object; had he even failed to
dev-pte it entirely to their frustration, Maryland
might this day have been a desert, and her name
dishonored in the estimation of all good and wise
men. To lose such a citizen at any time would
be cause of general sorrow; tn  lose him now, be-
fore the rebellion is terminated,is to be the more
lamented, even on his own account. Who can
fail to regret that a public servant so faithful, so
patriotic, and so efficient in his efforts to main-
tain the authority of the Union in his own State,
had not been permitted to survive until that au-
thority had been securely extended over every
othfer State ?
Such was his own prayer. In an address to the
people of the State, of the 7th of January, 1861,
he said:
" In the course of nature I cannot have Jong to live, and
I fervently trust to be allowed to end my days a citizen of
this glorious Union. But should I be compelled to witness
the downfall of that Government inherited from our fathers,
established as It were by the special favor of God, I will at
least have the consolation at my dying hour that I neither
by word or deed assisted in hastening Its disruption."
His prayer was not granted; but his last days
of intelligence on earth weio chocicd by the san-
guine hope that the time was fast approaching
when we should all be again citizens of that glo-
rious Union; and if he apprehended that that hope
might be defeated and the Union destroyed, lie
certainly had the Consolation, so faithfully se-
cured to himself, that no word or deed of his could
have assisted or hastened the catastrophe. To this
body it is unnecessary to say anythingof his offi-
cial conduct as one of its members. Ever court-
eous, kind, and attentive, he possessed the esteem
and confidence of us all. Endowed with a sound
judgment and animated by a fervent patriotism,
he supported every measure that promised, m his
opinion, to benefit the country in its existing
emergency. In private life, too, lie was always
highly appreciated; and by those who knew him
intimately, loved as a brother. By the society of
his county his loss especially will be long and
keenly felt, and to his immediate family be ir-
reparable. Their consolation will be in knowing
that he leaves behind him an unstained name that
will ever live and be honored, and that his last
thoughts were devoted to that religious faith on
which he relied with humble but Christian confi-
dence for future happiness.
I move the adoption of the following resolu-
tions:
Resolved unanimnushj, That the members of the Senate,
from a sincere desire of showing every mark of respect to
the memory of Hon. Thomas Hoi.i.iday Hicks, deceased,
a Senator from the State or Maryland, will eo into mourn-
ing for the residue of the present session by the usual mode
of wearing cropn on the left arm.
Resolved unanimously, Tlmt the members of the Senate
will attend the funeral of the deceased from the Fenate
Chamber at two o'clock p. m. to-day, and that the com-
mittee of arrangements hiipermtfud the same.
Ordered, That the Secretary communicate these proceed-
ings to the House of Repreaentatives, with the lequestthut
that House unite in the ceremonies of this occasion.
Mr. HALE. Mr. President, one of the effects
of that civil strife which now afflicts and rends our
unhappy country is found in the indifference to
human suffering, and to death itself, consequent
upon the frequency and rapidity with which our
daily narrative of blood presents to our view scenes
of carnage and slaughter such as the history of the
world has not hitherto disclosed.
As the panorama moves on, we are only
relieved from the contemplation of the mangled
limbs and mutilated bodies of the dead and the
dying by the appalling spectacle of our more un-
fortunate brethren languishing and dying in the
hopeless and helpless condition of prisoners of
war, where manhood is worn out, hope crushed,
and life destroyed by the cruel and heartless pri-
vation of the necessary provision of that scanty
supply of food and clothing by which human life
can be sustained.
It is a most melancholy and humiliating fact
that pictures such as these, sketched from no cre-
ation of the imagination, but drawn in the crim-
son hues of the best blood of our bravestand best,
and proclaimed to us on every breeze from the
South in^the agonizing cry of our languishing
brethren, reechoed by the wail of the widow and
the orphan inftur midst, have failed to move our
hearts as but a little while since they would have
been, even had they been representations of what
was occurring among strangers of another country,
and we look upon them almostas the natural and
necessary consequences of the war we are waging
for our national life.
To-day we are called upon to witness another
phase of human experience by which it would
seGm that divine Providence would try upon us
the experiment of a more quiet, and, if it may be
so expressed, a more unobtrusive exhibition of
the frailty ol life and the certainty of death than
in the havoc and destruction of battle. Death has
now come, not clothed in the pomp and circum-
stance of war, numbering his victims by hun-
dreds and thousands; but in the peace, the quiet
and serenity of a sick chamber, an old man, full
of years and of honors, has gone to his reward.
But, although his years were not few, still they
were not so many that friendship might not have
reasonably hoped that they might have been ex-
tended yet longer, and he been permitted to have
witnessed in the future history of his country
which he had loved and served so well the fruits
of his labors and sacrifices.
When the history of our great struggle shall
be written, when the story of the toils, the suffer-
ings, tiie sacrifices, and the efforts by which our
political salvation was attained shall be told, and
impartial posterity shall inscribe on immortal tab-
lets the illustrious names of those by whose clear
sagacity, unshaken firmness, and patriotic devo-
tion to duty in a great crisis of our country's his-
tory, her integrity was preserved and her ultimate
triumph secuied, sccond to none on that proud
roll of fame shall stand the name of Thomas
Hicks, late Governor of Maryland.
The political and especially the geographical
position of his State was such as to give preem-
inent consequence at that very critical period of
our history to the course which she might take.
The intense interest which was excited all over
the country in regard to the position of affairs in
Maryland cannot have escaped the recollection
of those who hear me. The extremely doubtful
character of her Legislature, to say the least, and
the position to which her people might be driven
by popular appeals of disloyal men to her preju-
dices and her supposed interests, filled the hearts
of patriots throughout the land with the most
painful solicitude. Whatever may be thought
now, it is not too much to say that at that time
it was felt and feared that upon the decision which
she might make between loyalty and treason, in
no small degree depended the safety and salva-
tion of the Republic. In saying this, I entirely
disclaim any impeachment of the loyalty and in-
tegrity of the great masses of the people of Mary- i
land. I have no doubt they are true and loyal !|
now, and that they were so then; neither have I !j
the slightest doubt that that was equally true then j|
j of the great body of the people in numbers of those
States that are now, and for neatly four yeais
have been, in open rebellion against the Govern-
ment of the country; but by the bold and decisive
action of bad men, forgetting the claims of coun-
try,the obligations of loyalty, and the duty of pa-
triotism, they were driven.in an evil hour into the
vortex of treason, the crime of rebellion, and the
horrors of civil war.
From such a state of things it was the good
fortune of the people of Maryland to be saved in
no small degree by the peculiar sagacity and de-
voted patriotism of her most excellent Governor
whose death we are now called upon to deplore.
It was most providential and fortunate, both for
the State and the Union, that Maryland at that
time had a Governor fully equal to the emergencies
of the hour. He saw and comprehended the dan-
ger from a distance, and although we may not all
of us approve the wisdom of every step which he
took and every measure which he recommended,
yet no one,it is believed, will now doubt the un-
sullied integrity of his conduct, the purity of his
motives, or the entire devotion of his patriotism.
Likethe prophet standing on Mount Carmel, he
saw the cloud yet a great way off, while it was
no bigger than a man's hand, and did not wait
till its portentous blackness had shrouded the
whole heavens in its gloom. Of him, and in ref-
erence to his conduct in that hour, it may with
emphasis be said that
a Peace hath her victories
No less renowned than war."
Such in brief was the course of our friend in
that interesting and momentous period of our
country. His must be an overweening ambition
that will not be satisfied with such a record.
Of the early history of Governor Hicks, of the
discipline and experience which formed the char-
acter so admirably and exactly fitted for the ex-
traordinary part which Providence assigned him
to perform in the great drama of his country, I
have no knowledge. My personal acquaintance
with him commenced about the time of the be-
ginning of those troubles which have culminated
in the present civil war; and 1 hope I may be per-
mitted, without the imputation of unwarrantable
egotism, to add that that acquaintance originated
in a request communicated to me by his direction
on the occasion of a visit on his part to this city,
that I would call and consult and confer with him
on the engrossing questions of the day. That
acquaintance thus commenced continued without
interruption to the day of his death.
When he was elected to this body, by the ac-
tion of the Senate he was assigned to a place on
the Committee on Naval Affairs, of which I was
then chairman.
Our intei-course from that circumstance became
more intimate and familiar, and I will add tlmt,
in the course of a life now numbering many years,
I have never met a more kind, genial,find court-
eous gentleman.
No man more sincerely sympathized with that
awakened philanthropy which seeks in over-
throwing the rebellion also to destroy its cause,
than he. But he entertained such a deep faith in
the humanityand Christianity of his own people
that he preferred to have the work done by them,
unawed and uninfluenced by any outside inter-
ference. Still, I speak from perfect knowledge
derived from frequent interviews and conversa-
tions with him, when I say that the abolition of
African slavery had no more sincere supporter.
Such was our friend. As death approached, no
retrospect of misspent time, of neglected oppor-
tunities for good, cast fearful shadows on the fu-
ture, but with a consciousness that he had been
permitted in the good providence of God to do
something, yeamuch, for a great and good cause,
to have his name written among the benefactors
of his country, and by his influence to add strength
to the cause of the weak, the oppressed, and the
humble, at peace with the world, and, as we
humbly and trustfully hope, with his God, he has
gone to his rest.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I had no per-
sonal acquaintance with Governor Hicks until he
took his seat as a member of this body. But I
had learned to honor and respect him before I
knew him. During the session of the Virginia
convention which passed the unfortunate ordi-
nance which assumed to renounce the allegiance
due from that State to the national Government,
