1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE .CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
115
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Chap. XX.—An Act supplementary to an Act
eruitli-d " An Act to presmbe an Oath of Office,
and for other purposes," approved July two,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives rf the United States oj Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That no person, after the date of this
net, shall be mlmitted to the bar of the Supreme
Court of the United States, or at any time after
the fourth of March next, shall be admitted to
the bar of any circuit or district court of the Uni-
ted States, or of the Court of Claims, as an attor-
ney or counselor ofsueh com!, or shall be allowed
to appear and be heard in any such court, by
viituo of any previous admission, or any special
powerofaitoi ney, unless he shall have first taken
and subscribed the oath prescribed m "An act
to prescube an oath of office, and for other pur-
poses," approved July two, eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, according to the forms ami in the man-
ner in the said act provided; which said oath so
taken and subscribed shall be preserved among
the files of such court, and any person who shall
falsely take the said oath shall be guilty of per-
jury, and, on conviction, shffll be liable to the
pains and penalties of perjury, and the additional
pains and penalties in the said act provided.
Approved, January 24, 1865.
Chap. XXII.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
" An Act to provide Ways and Means for the
Support of the Government, and for other pur-
poses," approved June thirtieth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four.
Be it enactcd by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Slates of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That in heu of any bonds authorized
to be issued by the first section of the act entitled
" An act to provide ways and means for thesup-
poi t of the Government, "approved June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-lour, thatmay remain
unsold at the date of this act, the Secretary of the
Treasury may issue, under the authority of said
act, Treasury notes of the description and char-
acter authorized by the second section of said act:
Provided, That the whole amount of bonds au-
thonzed as aforesaid, and Treasury notes issued
and to be issued in lieu thereof, shall not exceed
the sum of four hundred millions of dollars; and
such Treasury notes may be disposed of for law-
ful money, or for any other Treasury notes or
certiftcates of indebtedness or certifies tesofdeposit
issued under any previous act of Congress; and
such notes shall be exempt from taxation by or
under State or mil nicipal authority.
Slc. 2. Jind be it Jurther enacted, That any
bonds known as five-t\Venties, issued under the
act of twenty-fifth February, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, lemaining unsold to an amount
not exeeedmg four millions of dollars, may be dis-
posed of by the Secretary of the Treasury in the
United States, or, if he shall find itexpedienfc, in
Euiopp, at any time, on such terms as he may
deem tnostadvisable: Provided, Thatthis actshall
not be so construud as to give any authority for
the issue of any legal-tender notes, in any form,
beyond the balance unissued of the amount au-
thorized by the second section of the act to which
this is an amendment.
Approved, January 28, 18G5.
Ciiap. XXIII.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Service of the Post Office Department
dunng the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assemlled, That the following sums be, and the
same are hereby, appropiiated, far (lie semceof
the Post Office'Denartment for the year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
out of any moneys in the Treasury arising from
the revenues of the said Department, in conformity
to the net of the second of July, eighteen hundred,
tin (I thirty-six:
For tiansportation of the mails, (inland,) seven
million eight hundred thousand dollars.
Foi ship, steamboat, and way letters, eight
thousand dollars.
For compensation to postmasters, three Vnillion
one hundred and seventy-f^ve thousand dollars.
For clerks for post offices, one million three
hundred thousand dolkus.
For payment to letter-carriers, four hundred
thousand dollars.
For wrapping-paper, seventy-five thousand dol-
lars.
For twine, seventeen thousand dollars.
For office stamps, six thousand dollars.
For letter balances, two thousand five hundred
dollars.
For compensation to blank agents and assist-
ants, seven thousand dollars.
For office furniture, two thousand dollars.
For advertising, sixty-eight thousand dollars.
Forpostage stamps and stamped envelopes, two
hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For mail depredations and special agents, sev-
enty thousand dollars.
For mad-bags, sixty thousand dollars.
For mail locks and keys, eight thousand dol-
lars.
For payment of balances due to foreign coun-
tries, three hundred and fifty thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous payments, twohundredand
fifty thousand dollars.
For foreign mail transportation, two hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
Approved, January 28, 1865.
Chap. XXIV.—An Act to amend the Charter of
the " Washington Gas-Light Company."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jlmericain Congress
assembled, That so much of the acts of June
twenty-five, eighteen hundred and sixty, and
July eleven, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, as
relate to the price of gas furnished by the " Wash-
ington Gas-Light Company," bp, and the same
are hereby, repealed; and the net incorporating
the " Washington Gas-Light Companyis here-
by so amended as to prohibit the said company
from receiving, on and after the first day of De-
cember, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, for the
benefit of its stockholders, a greater price for gas
than forty cents per hundred cubic feet, subject
to a discount of ten per centum on all bills for gas
furnished to the General Government, and five per
centum on all bills for gas furnished to other con-
sumers, if paid at the office of the company within
seven days from the rendition thereof.
Approved, January 30, 1865.
Chap. XXV.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
"An Act to incorporate the Metropolitan Rail-
road Company, in the District of Columbia,"
approved July first, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives oj the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That section seventeen of the act to in-
corporate the Metropolitan Railroad Company,
of the District of Columbia, approved July first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, be, and the s-ime
is hereby, amended so as to extend the time for
the completion of their railroad line, except that
part thereof between Seventeenth street and the
Capitol, for one year from the passage of thibact:
Provided, however, That the line from Seventeenth
street and the Capitol be completed, equipped, and
running, within thirty days from the passage of
this act.
Approved, January 30, 1865.
acquiied,and all legal obligations entered into by
said company between ihe ninth day of April,
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, and the'date of
tins act be, and the same are hereby, made valid
for all legal purposes.
Sec, S2. And be it further enacted, That the
Franklin Insurance Company are hereby author-
ized to increase their capital stock to an amount
not pxceediutr two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars
Approved, January 30, 1S65.
Ciiat. XXIX.—An Act for the Relief of certain
Fiiendly Indians of the Sioux Nation, in Min-
nesota.
Whereas certain Indians of the Sioux nation
did, during the outbreak in ^Minnesota in eigh teen
hundred and sixty-two, at the risk of their lives, •
aid in saving many white men, women, and chil-
dien from being massacred, and, in consequence
ofsueh action, were compelled to abandon their
homes and property, and are now entirely desti-
tute of the means of support: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America inCongi ess
assembled, That the President of the United State*
be, and he hereby is, amhouzed and requested to
cause an examination to be made in relation to all
the facts pertaining to the action of the said In-
dians, and to make such provision for their wel-
fare as their necessities and future protection may
require.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That, for the
purpose of carrying out the provisions of this act,
the sum of seven thousand five hundred dollars
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of
any moneyin the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated ; one third of said sum to be paid and ex-
pended for the benefit of Am-pe-tu-to-ke-cha, or
John Other-day, and the remainder for the benefit
of such other Indians as shall appear specially
entitled thereto, for theirfriendiy,extraoidinary,
and gallant services in rescuing white settlers
from massacre m Minnesota: Provided, That not
more than the sum of five hundred dollars shall
be expended for any one I ndian, except the chief
above mentioned; "and that the Secretary of the
Interior shall report to the next Congress tha
names of the Indians for whose benefit the same
shall be expended, and the amountexpended for
each.
Approved, February 9, 1865.
Chap. XXVI.—An Act to amend the Act enti-
tled "An Act to amend and extend the Char-
ter of the Franklin Insurance Company," ap-
proved second March, eighteen handled and
thirty-eight.
Be it cnacted by the Senate and House of Rep re-
\ sentatives of the United Sta'es oj America in Congress
: assembled, That the act to amend and cxtuid the
charter of the Franklin Insurance Company,
passed on the second day ot March, eighteen
hundred and thirty-eight, be, and the same is
hereby, extended and continued in forco for the^
period of twenty years, from the ninth day of
April, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, the time
at which such amendatory act expired; and that
all proceedings had by the said Franklin Insur-
ance Company, and all legal rights accrued ®r
Chap. XXX.—An Act to extend to certain Per-
sons in the Employ of the Government, the
lienefits of the Asylum for the Insane in the
Distnct of Columbia.
Beit cnacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That during the continuance of the re-
bellion, civilians employed in the service of the
Uniied States in the quartermaster's department
and subsistence department of the Army, who
may be, or may hereafter become insane while
in such employment, shall be admitted, on the
order of the Secretary of War, the same as per-
sons belonging to trie Army and Navy, to the
benefits of the asylum for the insane in the Dis-
tiict of Columbia, a« provided in such other cases
by the fourth section of the "Act to organize an
institution for the insane of the Army and Navy,
and of the District of Columbia in the said Dis-
trict," approved Match third, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five.
Approved, February 9, 1865.
j
Ciiai*. XXXII.—An Act fo provide for Acting
Ae^istant Tiutsureiw or Depositaries of the
I Umud &tatc\un certain eases.
i Be it enacted by the Sennit and House of Repir-
i sentativebifike United States of Americaiu Congress
1 assembled, That in cose of the sickness or un~
' avoidable absence of any Asstst-Aiu Treasurer or
- depositary of the United States from his office, he
may, with the approval of the Secietary  f the
! Treasury, authorize the chiefcletk, orsome other
i clerk employed therein, to act m ins place, and
; to discharge all the duties required by law of such
i Assistant Treasurer or depositary: Provided, That
| the official bond given by the principal of the of-
i fice shall be held to cover and apply to the acta
