516
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
[February IT,
38th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
of the person appointed to act in his place in such
cases: And provided further, That such acting of-
ficer shall, for the time being, be subjcct to nil the
liabilities and penalties prescribed by law for the
official misconduct, in like cases, of the Assistant
Treasurer or depositary respectively for whom
he shall act.
Approved, February ]3, 1865.
Chap. XXXIV.—An Act to incorporate the Na-
tional Union Insurance Company of Washing-
ton.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That James Harper, Thomas Patton,
C. H. Moody, John W. Magill, John M.Reilly,
B. F. Guy, Valentine Blanchard, Thomas J.
Fisher, Hudson Taylor, Augustas F. Perry, D.
Walker, James Montgomery, Joseph J. May, or
any five of them, be, and they are hereby, author-
ized and empowered to receive subscriptions to
the capital stock of u company to be denominated
"The National Union Insurance Company of
Washington," who shall open a book for that
purpose in the city of Washington, at the time
and place to be by them designated, of which they
shall give ten days' notice in two or more of the
daily papers of said city, and shall keep the same
open until twenty thousand shares of fifty dollars
a share each shall have been subscribed; and any
person of lawful ago, and a citizen of the United
States, shall be peimitted to subscribe upon pay-
ing five dollars on each share at the time of sub-
scribing. And it shall be lawful for the said cor-
poration fo have a common seal, sue and be sued,
plead and be impleaded, and have and exercise all
the rights, privileges, and immunities for the pur-
poses of tiie ooiporatibn hereby created.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further cnacted, That the affairs
of the company shall be managed by nine direct-
ors, to be elected annually by ballot on the sec-
ond Monday of July by the stockholders or by
their legally empowered agents, arid each share
of stock shall entitle the holder thereof to one
vote; the election to be held at the office of the
company atageneral meeting of the stockholders
convened for that puspose, by ten days'public
notice in two or more of the daily papers of the
city of Washington: Prnjided/rhiit the first elec-
tion for directors shall be held pursuant to ten
days' notice given in one or moie of the daily pa-
pers of the city of Washington by the persons
named in the first section of this act, or any five
of them, who shall designate the time when aud
the place where said election shall be held; and
the stockholders shall then and there elect nine
directors to serve until the next ensuing election
as provided for in this act. And at the first en-
suing meeting of the directors after every election,
they shall appoint one of their number as presi-
dent, who, together with themselves, shall hold
office until the next en.suingelection as herein pro-
vided for; and five members of said board shall
compose a quorum. And in case that an election
for directors should not be made when pursuant
to this act it should have been made, the com-
pany for ijiat cause shall not be dissolved; and it
shall be lawful, within forty days thereafter, to
hold and make an election for directors in such
manner as the by-laws of the company may pre-
scribe, and the president and directors for the time
being shall be continued m office, until such elec-
tion take place. And in the event of death, res-
ignation, or removal of any daector fiom office,
his place for the remainder of his term may be
filled by the president and directors for the time
being, in such manner as the by-laws may pre-
scribe.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted* That the piesi-
dent and dnectois sdiall have power to appoint a
secretary and such other officers, agents, and
clerks as may to them appear proper, to fix their
compensation and pay the same.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the cap-
ital stock shall be called in, and paid in such in-
stallments and proportions, and at such times and
place* as the president and directors for th« time
being may reqmie and designate, who shall give
fiUeen days' notice thereof in two or more daily
papers of the city of Washington. And if any
stockholder, subscriber, their assignee or trans-
feree, shall refuse or neglect to pay such propor-
tion or installment, at the time and place appoint-
ed, such stockholder, subscriber, transferee, or
assignee shall, at the option of the president and
'directors, forfeitto the use of the companyall his,
her, or their right, title, and interest in and to
every share on which such installment has not
been duly made; and fresh subscriptions may be
opened for the same', in such manner as the by-
laws may prescribe, or the president and directors
may,at theiroption,commence suit for the same
and recover agains* the holder of said stock for
the amount of the installment or proportion so un-
paid: Provided, That no stockholder or subscriber
shall be permitted to vote at any election for di-
rectors, or at any general or special meeting of
the company, on*whose shares any installments
or arrearages may be due more than fifteen days
previous thereto.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the
president and directors for the time being shall
have power to ordain,establish, and put in exe-
cution such rules, regulations, ordinances, and
by-laws as they may deem essential for the well
government of the institution, not contrary to the
laws and Constitution of the United States, or of
this act, and generally to do and perform all acts,
matters, and things which a corporation may or
can lawfully do.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the pres-
ident and directors are hereby empowered and
fully authorized, on behalf of the company, to
makeinsuranceagamstlosses byfireon any house,
building, tenement, manufactories,mills,orother
buildings; on goods, wares, chattels, and effects
of all kinds therein, or otherwise; upon grain,
produce, and implements, and upon vessels build-
ing on the stocks, in port or at moorings; and,
generally, upon ail and every sort and description
of property, of whatever kind soever, on land or
water; and to make, execute, perfect, and con-
clude so many contracts, bargains, agreements,
policies, and other instruments as the nature of
the case shall or may require; and all such instru-
ments, bargains, contracts, policies, or agree-
ments shall be in print or in writing, and shall be
signed by the president and secretary, or such
other persons as the managers may appoint for
such purpose, and shall be under the seal of the
company: Provided, That said president and di-
rectors may, at theiroption and discretion, make
insurance on such terms and conditions as to them
may appear equitable, reserving the premiums,
or appropriating and returning such portions
thereof to the insured as may to them appear con-
ducive to the interest of the company and the in-
sured, in such manner and on such conditions as
may appear to them just and proper.
Sbc. 7. And be it further enacted, That the pres-
ident and directors shall, on the third Monday in
June of each and every year, divide so much of
the profits of said company as to them may ap-
pear advisable, first deducting all expenses, and
pay the same to the respective stockholders or
their agents, duly empowered, in ten days there-
after; but the money received as premiums upon
risks which remuin outstandmgand undetermined
at the time of declaring such dividend, shall not
then be considered as part of the profits; and if
the capital stock paid in shall be lessened by losses,
no subsequent dividend shall be made or declared
until a sum equal to said diminution shall have
been added to the capital stock.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That the stock
of said company shall be transferred on the books
of the company in such manner only as the by-
laws of the company shall direct.
Sec. 9. Andbe it further enacted, That nothing
in this act shall be construed as making it perpet-
ual, but Congress may at any time alter, amend,
or repeal the same. y
Approved, February 14, 1865.
Chap. XXXV.—An Act for the Relief of Col-
lectors and Surveyors of the Customs in cer-
tain cases.
Be it cnacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
awembltd, That in all cases m which any collector
or surveyor of the customs has paid or accounted
for, or is charged with duties accruing under the
"Joint resolution to increase temporarily the
duties on imports,"approved Apiil twenty-ninth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and in which
the Secretary of the Treasury shall be satisfied
that the collection of the said duties was omitted
by such collector or surveyor, for the reason that
he was not informed of the passage of said reso-
lution when said duties accrued, the said Secre-
tary be, and he is hereby,authorized, under such
rules as he may prescribe, to remit or refund,as
the case may require, such duties to such col-
lector or surveyor.
Approved, February 14,1865.
Chap. XXXVII.—An Act to authorize the es-
tablishment of Ocean Mail Steamship Service
between the United States and China.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Postmaster General be, and
he is hereby, authorized to invite proposals by
public advertisement, for the period of sixty days,
in one ©r more newspapers published in the citics
of Washington, New York, Philadelphia, Boston, •
and San Francisco, respectively, for mail steam-
ship service between the port of San Francisco, in
the United States, and some port or ports in the
Chinese empire, touching at Honolulu, in the
Sandwich islands, and one ormore ports in Japan,
by means of a monthly line of. first-class Ameri-
can sea-going steamships, to be of not less than
three thousand tons burden each, and of sufficient
number to perform twelve round trips per annum
between said ports,and to contract with the lowest
responsible bidder for said service for a term of
not more than ten years, to commence from the
day the first steamship of the proposed line shall
depart from the port of San Francisco with the
mails for China : Provided, That no bid shall be
considered which shall amount to more than five
hundred thousand dollars for the twelve round
trips per annum, nor unless the same is fiom a
citizen or citizens of the United States, and ac-
companied by an offerof good and sufficientsure-
ties (also citizens of the United States) for the
faithful performance of such contract.
Sec. 2. Andbe it further enacted, That any con-
tract which the Postmaster General may execute,
under the authority of this act, shall go into effect
on or before the first day of January, one thou-
sand eight hundred and sixty-seven, and shall,
in addition to the usual stipulations of ocean mail
steamship contracts, provide that the sfpamships
accepted for the service shall be constructed of the
best material and after approved models, with ail
the modern improvements adapted to sea-going
steamships of the first class, and shall be subject
to inspection and survey by an experienced naval
constructor, to be detailed for that purpose by the
Secretary of the Navy, whose report shall be made
to the Postmaster General. That the Government
of the United States shall be entitled to have trans-
ported,free ofexpense,on each and every steamer,
a mail agent, to take charge of and arrange the mail
matter, to whom suitable accommodation for that
purpose shall be assigned. That in case of fail-
ure from any cause to perform any of the regular
monthly voyages stipulated for in the contract,
a pro rata deduction shall be made from the com-
pensation on account of such omitted voyage or
voyages. That suitable fines and penalties may
be imposed for delays and irregularities in the
performance of the service, and that tiie Post-
master General shall have the powertodetermme
the contract at any time in caso of its being un-
derlet or assigned to any other party.
Approved, February 17, 1865.
Chap. XXXVIII.—An Act supplementary to an
Act approved July fourteen, eighteen bundled
and sixty-two, entitled "An Act to establish
certain Post Roads."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the act of Congress approved July
fourteen, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, enti-
tled "An act to establish certain post roads," shall
be, and the same is hereby, so amended as to
authorize the Louisville and Nashville Railroad
Company, and the JeiTersonville Railroad Com-
pany (stockholders in the Louisville Bridge Com-
