1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
State in which Annapolis, the capital of the State,
is situated, assemWed in that city and requested
that this should be done. Governor Hicks em-
phatically declined. Public meetings were then
called in those portions of the State where the
sluveholding interest predominated, demanding
the assembling of the Legislature. Governor
Hicks refused to notice their demands. Shortly
afterward the President of the Senate of Maryland
and the Speaker of the House of Delegates, for
themselves and in the name of their respective
bodies, addressed him, urging that they should
be convened. Governor Hicks stood like ada-
mant, declaring that he saw no good reason for
such action, and that Maryland was, and would
be forever, for the Union. While thus beset at
home he was also approached from beyond the
limits of the State. After the Congress assembled
here in December, 1860, the leading southern men
who had scats in these Halls used all their efforts
to inflame the minds of the people of Maryland
to compel the Governor to assemble the Legisla-
ture. Commissioners were sent to him directly
from the States of Alabama, Mississippi, and
South Carolina, all urging that Maryland should
move in the same column with them; but to no
purpose. The polar star to Governor Hicks was
his country, the union of these States. The waves
of sectional strife rose higher and higher. State
after State fell away from us allegiance. He stood
firm. The day of the inauguration came. Presi-
dent Lincoln assumed the robes of office, and en-
tered upon the discharge of the high duties of the
Chief Magistrate of the United States. From
many hearts in the loyal States, as well as from the
loyal people of his own State, earnestly watching
his course, and full of apprehensions, there rose
up the prayer, "God bless Governor Hicks."
The capital was still in the hands of the friends
of the Union. The noble ship which soon was
to drive into the storm and tempest of civil war,
which have not and shall not destroy her, then,
indeed, had made her most narrow escape from
destruction on the hidden rocks of treachery and
of treason. Sir, I doubt not that the impartial
historian who shall hereafter write the story of
the perilsofthe Republic will declare that the most
critical period in its history was that which im-
mediately preceded the inauguration of President
Lincoln; that Thomas Holliday Hicks, by the
blessing of God at that time the Governor of
Maryland,did more than any other man to save
it from destruction.
I am aware, sir, that a few weeks later, when
an infuriated mob, excited by rebel emissaries,
and armed, took possession of the city of Balti-
more, murdering the soldiers of theUnitedStates
passing through to the capital, and raising a great
commotion throughout the State, that Governor
Hicks, having gone to that city to secure the
Eeaceful passage through it of these troops, found
imself in the power of this mob, and seemed to
yield for a time in part to their demands. But
never, even then, for a moment did he give up his
devotion to hiscountry,orcounsel resistance toits
laws. True, for a few days he besought the Pres-
ident not to pass troops through the State. This
was done alone through apprehension that the
scenes of that bloody day just passed would be
again reenucted while he was powerless to pre-
vent it,and that his beloved State and city would
be laid waste with fire and sword, destroying the
innocent with the guilty, i confess he was in
error. I may safely say that subsequent events
convinced him that he was in error; but it was
an error of judgment only; and who is infallible?
Never for the briefest space of time did he desire
to aid the cause of the rebels, or intend to do
aught to injure his country, or resist its laws. It
is true, too, that he then convened the Legisla-
ture of Maryland; but this was done only after
a revolutionary call for it to assemble in the city
of Kaltimore, similar to that which put the State
of Texas into the attitude of rebellion, had been
issued by one of the most influential members
of the State Legislature, Coleman Yeiiott,now in
the rebel confederacy. Governor Hicks, to pre-
vent this revolutionary session which would have
tnken place in Baltimore, then in the hands of the
secessionists, convened the Legislature at Fred-
erick city, in the midst of a loyal population
thoioughiy roused, nrul with a local organized
miliary force of nearly four hundred muskets.
I have always thought that the assembling of the
Legislature at that time and under those circum-
stances was a wise exercise of executive author-
ity. It at once produced quiet in Maryland, it
gave time for many who had been swept away
by the first fierce gust of passion to indulge in
" the sober second thought," and to return to
their allegiance. The Legislature, too, was pow-
erless for mischief. They dared not, even if they
had desired, while the loyal citizens of western
Maryland thronged in their halls, and scowled
defiance in their faces, put the State of Maryland
into an attitude of hostility to the General Gov-
ernment. As my venerable colleague who sits
behind me [Governor Thomas] once said in this
House, they would have been hurled from their
windows upon the glistening bayonets below; and
well they knew it.
Within ten days after the massacre of the troops
in Baltimore Governor Hicks was in cordial and
earnest cooperation with the national authorities
in this city, and a few days later issued his proc-
lamation calling for four Maryland regiments to
march to its defense.
Mr. Speaker, however much others may have
doubted or may now doubt the loyalty of Gov-
ernor Hicks because of this one error during that
terrible week, the Union-loving people of Mary-
land, who knew him well, never for one moment
lost confidence in his patriotism. No man, since
the days of the Revolution, has lived in Maryland
who has had so entirely the confidence and affec-
tion of the patriotic people of that State as Gov-
ernor Hicks. They have loved him with a pure
and an ardent affection. They have trusted him
without an apprehension or a doubt. He was
their pilot in the hour of deepestgloom and most
threateningdanger. They gathered around him as
the exponent of their principles and the worthy
representative of their love of country; and when
the sad news went out from this city that he was
no more there were thousands of eyes in his native
State, that had never seen him, dimmed with tears,
and thousands of hearts filled with sorrow for his
loss. And to-day the Governor and Legislature
of his State, as well as the corporate authorities
of its great metropolis, fully representing the peo-
ple in their action, are herein the Capitol of the
nation to pay the last tribute of respect to his
memory, not as a matter of form, not to join in
an empty pageant, but as exhibiting the love and
reverence of the entire people of the State for his
character and their sincere sorrow for his death.
With them I desire to pay my humble tribute to
his worth, and to drop a sorrowing tear on his
grave.
A few words more in regard to the charactcrof
my colleague and I am done. Governor Hicks
was entirely a self-made man. He toiled up the
mountain-side unaided, and reached height after
height through his own manly,exertions; but
never did he break the bond which bound htm
to the people on the plain. He was essentially
a man of the people; of them and from them, his
instincts, his sympathies, his affections, were all
with them, and his exertions and 4t\bors in their
behalf. The poorest and most friendless boy re-
ceived from him as kindly a welcome as the men
who held the most influential and important sta-
tions. The last note that 1 ever received from
him, only a few days before his death, was wtit-
ten to ask my aid for a poor man> a sailor dis-
abled in the service of his country, and in which
he regretted that his health would not permit him
personally to render him such assistance as he
desired. Governor Hicks, from the character of
his early pursuits, had no opportunity for culti-
vating a taste for books, and was consequently
not a man of general reading or information; yet
he possessed great natural sagacity, had a broad
and well-balanced mind, and easily mastered any
subject to which he turned his attention. He
thoroughly understood the political history of the
country. There was nothing narrow or illiberal
in his character, and his catholic spirit showed
itself in almost every action of his life. He was
generous and sincere, quick to forgive,and never
cherished resentments. Though his mind was
not quick in its perceptions and conclusions, yet j
when he had reached such conclusion, he wasasj
firm ns a rock, fixed as the lulls. No word of |
suspicion has ever been breathed against ins in-
tegrity. He was an honest man,
"The noblest woik ofGod."
That, however, which has most diotmguibhed
him and endeared iiim to the people of Maryland
was his unselfish and unyielding patriotism, in
him was illustrated that patriotism which burned so
purely in the hearts of the men of *76. There was
no personal sacrifice which he deemed too great
to be made for his country. This was particularly,
illustrated in his course oa the question of eman-
cipation. Though holding a considerable number
of slaves at the breaking out of the rebellion, and
entering into the war with the impression that it
ought to be so conducted as not to interfere with
slavery, yet when he became convinced, as he
afterward did, that the most vulnerable point in
the rebellion was slavery, and that if we would
crush the rebellion we must strike at and crush sla-
very, he did not hesitate to favor this policy both
by the General Government and by his own State.
A year ago he favored the constitutional amend-
ment lately passed abolishing slavery throughout
the United States, and was the earnest friend of
immediate emancipation in Maryland, voting him-
self for the free constitution and urging others to
unite with him in its support.
But he has gone, never to return. To-day the
grave will close on his mortal remains. For the
monument which shall rise above his remains, he
has prepared his own epitaph. Addressing the
people of Maryland by proclamation, in the midst
of the dangers which encircled them in June,
1861, he said:
" In the course of nature I cannot have long to live, and
I fervently trfist to be allowed to end my days a citizen of
this glorious Union. But should I be compelled to witness
the downfall of that Government inherited from our fathers,
established as it were by the special tavor of God, I will
at least have the consolation at my dying hoar that I
neither by word nor deed assisted in hastening its disrup-
tion."
Sir, let this sublime paragraph be engraved on
his tomb. It shall live when the marble shall
have crumbled and mingled with his dust. And
let us, the living, learn lessons ofpatriotism from
his proudexample, for though dead he yet hveth.
I offer the following resolutions:
Resolved, That this House ha4? heard with deep sensi-
bility the announcement of the death of Hon. Thomas
Holliday IIxcks, a Senator in Congress from the State of
Maryland.
Resolved, That as a testimony of respect for tlio memory
of the deceased, the members and officers of this House
will wear the usual badge of mourning for thirty days.
Resolved, That the proceeding* of this House, in relation
to the death of Hon. Thomas Holliday Hicks, be com-
municated to the family of the deeefoed' by the Clerk.
Resolved, That this House will, as a body, repair to the
Senate Chamber to attend the/unoral of the deceased, and
upon its return to the Hall that the Speaker declare the
House adjourned.
Mr. CRESWELL. Mr. Speaker, duty im-
poses no unwilling task when it demands my
humble tribute to the memory of the lamented
deceased. The praises due to a long career of
honor and usefulness are always freely lavished
Upon thc~g~ravc. - The ^trang-erin seeking to give
utterance only to his admiration for the public
life and character of the dead, will be content
with the employment of merely formal and con-
ventional terms of respect. But the hand of af-
fection in its anxious desire to keep fresh and
green a cherished memory, would fain pluck
from heaven a sprig of the immortal amaranth,
and plant it upon the grave where the loved one
sleeps, in the hope, fond though vain, that even
the tomb may be thus clothed with the freshness
and the bloom of eternal beauty.
My colleague, who has preceded me, has
spoken of what Governor Hicks has accom-
plished for his State and country. It is eminent-
ly proper that the record of his public iife should
on this occasion be reviewed and commended.
But mine is a more sacred office. I represent
the county of his nativity, when-in he spent his
long life, surrounded by the friends and associa-
tions of his youth. Among my constituents are
those who were captivated by his generous
heart long before the days of his political tri-
umphs; those who regarded him, when living,
with unselfish love, and who, now that death has
stiieken him (town, will receive the sad tidings
with tears of profound regret. It is my duty to
attempt m some measure to soothe the grief and
to mitigate the sorrow of his family and personal
friends.
I have not known Governor Hicks as long as
my friend who to-day 1ms made the formal an-
nouncement of his decease. Ji y personal acquaint-
ance began late in the year 186), but long before
