1865.]
 SaSi.
APPENDIX T|3 THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBS.
-- - ' -. *  —    A
117
Laws of the United States.
88th Cong....2d
pany) to cotistructarailroad bridge overtheOhio
river at the head of the falls of the Ohio, subject
to all the provisions of said act: Provided, That
the said bridge may be constructed at a height not
less than fifty-six feetabove low water-marie, and
With three draws, sufficient to pass the largest
boats navigating the Ohio river; one oyer the In-
diana chute, one over the middle chute, and one
over the canal: Provided, That the spans of said
bridge shall not be less than two hundred and
forty feet, except over the Indiana and middle
chute and the canal; said bridge shall be con-
structed with draws of one hundred and fifty feet
wide on each side of the pivot pier over the Indi-
ana and middle chutes, and ninety feet wide over
the canal: And provided further, That said bridge
and draws shall be so constructed as not to inter-
rupt the navigation of the Ohio river.
Sec. 2. And be. it further enacted, That the brid e
erected under the provisions of this act shall be
a lawful structure, and shall be recognized and
known as a post route.
Approved, February 17, 1865.
Chap. XXXIX.—An Act to establish a Bridge
across the Ohio River at Cincinnati, Ohio, a
Post Road.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the bridge across the Ohio river,
at Cincinnati, in the State of Ohio,and at Coving-
ton, in the State of Kentucky, is hereby declared
to be, when completed, in accordance with the
laws of the States of Ohio and Kentucky, a law-
ful structure and post road for the conveyance of
the mails of the United States.
Approved, February 17, 1865.
Cmp. XLT.—An Act authorizing the President
to appoint a Second Assistant Secretary of War.
Be it cnactcd by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentative: of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the President be, and he is hereby,
authorized to appoint, by and with the advice and
consent of the-Senate, for the term of one year
from the passage of this act, an officer in the War
Department, to be called the Second Assistant
Secretary of War, whose salary shall be three
thousand dollars per annum, payable in the same
milliner as that of the Secretary of War, who
shall pel form nil such duties in the office of the
Secretary of War, belonging to that Department,
as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of War,
or as may be required by law.
Approved, February 20, 1865.
Ciiap. XLII.—An Act to enlarge the Port of En-
try and Delivery for the District ofPhiladelphia.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That the port of entry and delivery for
the distuct of Philadelphia shall be bounded on
the river Delaware by Frankford creek, on the
north, and Broad street, on the south.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That all acts
or parts of acts conflicting with the provisions of
this act be, ami the same are hereby, repealed.
Approved, February 20, 1865.
Chap. XLIII.—An Act to repeal an Act entitled
"An Act to t emove (he United Slates Arsenal
from the City of Saint Louis, and to provide
for the Sale of the Lands on which the same is
located."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the UniUi States of America in Congress
assembled, That the act entitled "An Act to le-
liiuve the United States arsenal from the city of!
Saint Louis, and to provide for the sale of the
lands oil which the same is located," approved
March second, eighteen hundied and sixty-one,
be, and the same is hereby, repealed.
ArriiovjsD, February 20, 18G5.
Ciiap. XLV.-—An Act to extinguish the Indian
Title to Lands in the Tin ntot y of Utah suit-
able for Agiieuhuiai and Ahneral Puiposes.
Be it cnuctcd by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives nflhe United States of America in Cqngrcss
assembled, Thai the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, authorized, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, to enter into
treaties with the various tribes of Indians of Utah
Territory, upon such terms as may be deemed
just to said Indians and beneficial to the Govern-
ment of the United States: Provided, That such
treaties shall provide for the absolute surrender
to the United States, by said Indians, of their
possessory right to ail the agricultural and min-
eral lands in said Territory except such agricul-
tural lands as by said treaties may be set apart
for reservations for said Indians: And provided,
further, That all such reservations shall be se-
lected at points as remote as may be practicable
from the present settlements in Utah Territory.
Sec . And be it further enacted, That i n agree-
ing with said Indians upon the amounts to be
paid to them under the provisions of the treaties
to be negotiated in pursuance of this act, care
shall be taken to obtain from the Indians, to the
greatest possible extent, their consent to rcccive
for such payments agricultural implements, stock,
and other useful articles, rather than money.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be U further enacted, That for the
purpose of negotiating said treaties and carrying
out the provisions of this act, making presents to
said Indians, and defraying the necessary ex-
penses incident to such negotiation, there is here-
by appropriated, out of any money m the Treas-
ury of the United States not otherwise appropri-
ated, the sum of twenty-five thousand dollars.
Approved, February 23, 1865.
Ciiap. XLVI.—An Act to provide for the Pay-
ment of the Value of certain Lands and im-
provements of private Citizens, appropriated
by the United States for Indian Reservations,
in the Territory of Washington.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the sum of eighteen thousand six
hundred and eleven dollars and sixty-two cents,
or so much thereof as may be necessary, is hereby
appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, for the purpose of
paying for the lands and improvements of private
citizens, taken and appropriated, by order of the
Department of the Interior, for Indian reserva-
tions and uses in the Territory of Washington;
and the claims herein provided to be paid shall
be allowed and paid in such manner and upon
such proofs of the value of the property as shall
be prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior.
Approved, February 23, 1865.
Chap". XLVII.—An Act to facilitate the Collec-
tion of certain Debts due the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That in all cases where debts are due
from postmasters, mail contractors, or other offi-
cers, agents, or employes of the Post Office De-
partment, who are in default or delinquency, a
warrant of attachment may issue against all prop-
erty, real and personal, possessions, and rights
legal, equitable, and contingent, belonging to such
officer and his sureties, or either of them, in the
following cases:
First. When any such officer, agent, or em-
ploye, and his sureties, or either of them, has,
within the meaning of the act of July seventeen,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, chapterone hun-
dred and ninety-five, and the proclamation of the
President in pursuance thereof, dated the twenty-
fifth day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, participated in, aided, abetted, or counte-
nanced any rebellion against the United States.
Second. When such officer, agent, or employe,
and his sureties, or either^of them, is a non-resi-
dent of the distuct where such officer was ap-
pointed, or lias departed from such district for the
purpose of residing permanently out of such dis-
trict, or of deftaudmg the United States, or of
avoiding the service of civil piuccss.
Thud". When such officer or his sureties, or
cither of them, has conveyed away or is ubout to
convey away las property, m aey pait thereof,
or has removed or is about to lemove his prop-
erty, or any port thereof, from the district win1 rein
the same is situated, vith intent to defraud the
United States. And where such removal has taken
place, certified copies of the warrant may be sent
to the marshal of any other district into which
such property may have been removed, under
which certified copies it shall be lawful for such
marshal to seize such property and convey it to
some convenient point within the jurisdiction of
the court from which the warrant originally is-
sued. Alias warrants may issue upon due appli-
cation, and the validity of the warrantfirstissued
shall continue until the return day thereof.
^ Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That applica-
tion for such warrant may be made by any dis-
trict attorney or assistant district attorney, or any
other person authorized by the Postmaster Gen-
eral, before any judge, or, in his absence, before
an$ clerk of any couit of the United States hav-
ing oViginal jurisdiction of the cause of action.
Such application shall be made upon an affidavit
of the applicant, or some other credible person,
stating the existence of either of the grounds of
attachment enumerated in the fust section of this
act, and upon production of legal evidence of the
debt. Upon such application, and upon due order
of any judge of the court, or in the absence of any
judge without such order, the cleik shall issue a
warrant for the attachment of all the property of
any kind belonging to the party or parties speci-
fied in the affidavit, which warrant shall be exe-
cuted with all possible dispatch by the marshal,
who shall take the property attached, if personal,
into his custody, and hold the same subject to all
interlocutory or final orders of the court.
Sec. 3. And beit further enacted, Thatthe party
or parties whose property is attached may, atany
time within twenty days before the return day of
the warrant, on giving to the district attorney
notice of his intention, file a plea in abatement,
traversing the allegations of the affidavit, or de-
nying the ownership of the property attached in
the defendants, or either of thejn, in which case
the court may, upon application of either paity,
order an immediate trial by jury of the issues
raised by the affidavit and plea. 13ut the parties
may, by consent, waive a trial by jury, in which
case the court shall decide the issues raised by
the affidavit and plea. Any party claiming own-
ership of the property attached and a specific re-
turn of the same shall be confined to the remedy
afforded by this act, but his right to an action of
tiespass or other action for damages shall not be
impaired hereby.
Sec.4. And beit further enacted, Thatwhen the
property attached shall be sold on any intei locu-
tory order of the court, or when it shall be pro-
ducing any revenue, the money arising from such
sale or revenue shall be invested in securities of
the United States, under the order of the court,
and ail accretions shall be held subject to the older
of the court.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That imme-
diately upon the execution of the warrant of at-
tachment the maishal shall cause due publication
of such attachment to be made, in the case of ab-
sconding debtors or adherents of (he rebellion, for
two months, and in case of non-residents for four
months. Such publication shall be made in some
newspaper or newspapers within the district
where the property attached is situated, and the
details of such publication shall bo regulated in
each case by the order under whicji the warrant
is issued.
Sec. C. Andbt it further enacted, Th.it after the
first publication of &uch notice of attachment in
all the newspapeis required by this or any sub-
sequent act, eveiy person indented to the defend-
ants, or either of them, and having knowledge of
such notice, whose property is liable to attach-
ment, and every person having possession of any
propeity belonging to such defendants, or cither
of them, and having knowledge as at unpaid, shall
account and answer for the amount of such debt
and for the value of such piopeity, and any dis-
posal or attempt to dispose of any such prop-
erty to the injury of the United Stales ehaii be
illegal and void. When the peison or ptisons
so indebted to or having possession of the prop-
' erfy of such defendants, oi either of them, shall
he "known to the district attorney or the marshal,
l! it shail be the duty of such officer to see that per-
il sonal notice of such attachment isseived upon such
i] peihons,as m eases of garnishees; but the want of
I. such notice shall not invalidate the attachment,
