1805.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I believe the distinguished author to whom I
have referred—Lindley Murray—does not con-
sider that good grammar; and to strike out the
words <4 which are possessed by them" and in-
sert in lieu thereof " which are vested in said
courtand s.iid judge "of the other districts of the
tenth circuit, will make it good grammar,and will
make it mean precisely what the writer intended
it to mean when he wrote it as it stands.
The amendment was agreed to.
The nextamendrnent was to strike outsections
five, six, seven, eight, and nine,as follows:
Sec. o. Jind he it further enacted, That whenever the
circuit judire of the tenth circuit is absent or from any cause
is unable to hold in any district of his circuit a term of the
circuit couit appointed by law, it shall be the duty of the
district judge ot the district to hold such term; and the cir-
cuit com t  held by the di-triet judgesshall possess the same
juii-dteuon and powers in all respects as when held by the
circuit jud^e: Piovided, That they shall not possess any
juiindicium to hear and determine any case or matter on
appeal or writ ol en or, 01 tiausieired from the district court,
oi any pioceedings therein.
Sec. (J. Jhid he it farther enacted, That the district judge
appointed for the district of Nevada shall lece.ive a? las
compensation the sum of £3.500 a year, payable in four
equal installments, on the 1st days of January, April, July,
and October, ol each year.
Sec:. 7. Jind he it jurther enacted, Tlmt the marshal and
district attorney of the United States lor t.aid district of
Nevada, and also for the district of Oiegon, shall severally
be entitled to charge and receive for the seivicrs tiiey may
perform double the fees and compensation allowed by the
act entitled An act to regulate the fees and co^ts to be
allowed cleiks, marshal, and attorneys of the circuit and
disti ictcoui H of the United States, andfor other pui poses,"
approved Febi uary -26,1803; Provided, That the aggregate
compensation allowed said officers shall not exceed the
amount piovided for such officers by said act.
SEO.b. Jind be it finther enacted. That the third, fourth,
and fifth sections of tne act of Febiuary 10, 1664, en-
titled ''An act amendatoiy of, and supplementary to, an
act to provide circuit couits for the districts of California
and Oregon, and toi other purposes,1' approved March 3,
18(53. s-hail be applicable to the appointment of special ses-
sions of thecncuit couits in the districts of Nevada, and
to the appointment of cleiks and deputy clerks o{ the cir-
cuit couits of the districts of Nevada and Oregon. And
that the clei k of thecncuit couit in the districts ot Nevada,
Oiegon. and California thai! be also clerk ol'the district
court in' sai.l di-ni lets, and "-hall receive for like services the
same lee? and compensation which aie allowed by law to
the clerks ot the cncuil and (hstiict couits of the United
States foi California : Provided, That the clerk m each of
said distucta shall be allowed by the decietaiy of the Tn-
tenoi to i eta in of the fee- and emoluments leceivod by iinn
as eleik of both couits, over and above the nece-sary ex-
penses of his office^ and necessary clerk hire included, to
be audited and allowed by the propei accounting oHieeis of
the Tieasury, only such sum per annum as is now allowed
by law to the cletk ot one of said couits, and shall pay the
remainder into the public Tieasury. under oath, in I lie man-
ner and under ihe iemulations now presented by law.
Sec. 9. Jind he it jurthei enacted, That this act shay take
effect on the 1st day of Apnl next.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
See. 5. Jind l>e it further enacted, That the salary of the
district judge foi the diMiict of Nevada shall be 5h0 per
annum, payable in lout equal installments on the 1st days
of January, Aptil, July, and October of each je.u 3 and the
marshal and district attorney of the United States loi paid
distuct shall severally be entitled to charge and receive,
for the seivices they may perloun, the fees ami compensa-
tion now allowed by law, to wit, by the act entitled "An
act to regulate the fees anil costs to be allowed clerks, mar-
shals and attorneys ot Ihe cncuit and district courts of
the United States, and fui other purposes," appioved Feb-
ruaiy 26, 1853, lor similar seivices. The cleiks ofihesaid
district and circuit couit- -dial! be appointed in the manner
now pre-ci ibed by law lor the appointment of such offieeis.
They shall be subject to the same rule-ami regulation*,
{.hall pel toirn the same duties, and be entitled to charge and
iee< ive tin- same tees and compensation as officer* ot like
chitiactei in the other distucts and circuits of the United
States foi like services.
She G. jind l>e it further enacted, That all cases of appeal
or wi :t of error heictotbie prosecuted and now pending in
the Supieme Couit of the United States upon anyiecord
from the supieme couitof the Territoij of Nevada, maybe
heard and deteanined by the Supreme Court of the United
States, and the mandate of execution orof tuither proceed-
ings shall be directed by the Supieme Court of the United
States to the district court of the United .States^ for UkmIis-
irtet of Nevada, or to the supreme couitof the State ol Ne-
as the natute of said appeal or wiit of error may ic-
fjun e, and each of the*e courts shall be the successor ot the
supieme couit ot Nevada Territoiy as to nil such cases,
with full power to hear and deienmne the same, and to
award mesne or final piocess thereon. And lioin all judg-
ments and deneesof th« supreme couitof the IVrnroiy
of Nevada, prioi to its admi^ion into the Union as a State,
the paities to said judgments and decrees shall have the
same light to pio^ecute appeals and wuts of eiroi to the^
Fedcial courts as tbev would have had under the laws ot
ihe United States if thi^aclhad been parsed simultaneously
with the act admitting said State into the Union.
Mr. FOSTER, in regard to these amendments,
the Committee on the Judiciary recommend the
striking out of the fifth, sixth, seventh, eighth,
and ninth sections of the bill as it came from the
othei House, and to insert in lieu thereof two
other sections, which added to the first four sec*
tions of the bill will in the judgment of the com-
mittee make the bill fit and proper for the pur-
pose for which it was intended. The fifth section,
one of those which they propose to strike out,
provides that whenever the circuit judge of the
tenth circuit is absent and cannot hold the circuit
court for the term, the judge of the district court
shall hold the circuit court in lieu of the circuit
judge. That is provided for by the general law.
That is the law now. In regard to all the cir-
cuits in the United States, if the judge of the cir-
cuit court is unable to attend, the district judge
holds the circuit court; so that the fifth section is
unnecessary, because the law now is the same as
it will be if that section stands.'
The sixth section, which it is proposed to strike
out, provides for the salary of the district judge,
butthatis provided for by the amendment and put
in another connection; it is not necessary,there-
fore, that that section should stand. It was stricken
out merely for the purpose of having the sections
together stricken out, and not because the com-
mittee do not embody the same provision in the
amendment which they report. The salary is
provided for in the amendment in the same man-
ner precisely that it is in the sixth section.
Then the seventh section, which the committee
propose to strike out, provides that the marshal and
district attorney of the United States for the dis-
trict of Nevada and also for the district of Oregon
shall severally be entitled to charge and receive for
the services they may perform double the fees and
compensation allowed by the act " to regulate the
fees and costs to be allowed clerks, marshals, and
attorneys of the circuit and district courts of the
United "States, and for other purposes,"approved
February 26, 1853. The committee were not satis-
fied that the marshal and distuct attorney of the
United States for the district of Nevada should be
entitled to double the fees provided for those offi-
cers in the other portions of the United States.
No doubt to some extent the expenses of living in
that State are greater than they are in some other
States of the Union; but the committee thought
that it was not now a good time to increase sala-
ries, even where it might be necessary to increase
them, and especially that it was not a good time
to put such a provision as that into this bill, it
being very desirable that this bill should pass
without having in it matter which would provoke
discussion. It also was objectionable to the com-
mittee oil the ground that it provides this same
thing forthedistrictofOregon. We saw no reason
why the affairs of the State of Nevada, so far as
the district and circu it courts aie concerned, should
be mingled with any question about the fees which
should be charged by the marshal and district at-
torney for the district of Oiegon. We thought it
was matter not germane to this bill, and that it
ought not to be in it. That was the reason why we
thought the seventh section o'ugtrr-nr-be- artriek^n-
out.
The eighth section provides that certain sec-
tions of a prior law, which are enumerated and
described, shall be made applicable to the cleiks
and deputy cleiks of the cncuit court and district
courts of Nevada <tnd Oregon, and makes some
other provisions in regard to the fees of these ofli-
cers; but inasmuch as the committee thought that
the fees of these officers should be the same as the
fees of like officers in the other States, there was
no occasion for that section to stand in the bill,
and therefore they recommend that it be stricken
out.
Then the only remaining section is the ninth,
which provides that the -act shall take effect on
the 1st day of April next. We thought it ex-
ceedingly objectionable, because, as 1 have sug-
gested, there are causes now pending in the Su-
niemc Court of the United States coming from the
territorial courts of Nevada, which, the State hav-
ing been admitted, have expired judicially; and
if thisact does not take effect until April next,all
these causes must fall.
1 have thus stated the reasons why the com-
mittee thought these several sections should be
stricken out, and 1 come now to explain the sec-
tions which we recommend m lieu of them. These
two sections will make the fifth and sixth sections
of the bill lfthey shall be acceptable to the Senate,
and if the bill shall pass.
The proposed fifth section provides for the dis-
trict jud2e a salary of $3,500, the amount which is
provided in the House bill. It then provides for the
fees of the marshal and district attorney, declaring
that they shall be entitled to charge and receive
for the services they may perform the fees and
compensation now allowed by law to officers of
the same character in the otherdistricts and States
of the United States, and the same in regard to
the clerks of the district and circuit courts; that
these oflicers shall be subject to the same rules
and regulations, and perform the same duties and
be entitled to charg& the same fees as officers of
like character in the other districts and circuits
of the United States for like services.
Then the new sixth section provides that all
cases of appeal or writs of error heretofore pros-
ecuted and now pending in the Supreme Court of
the United States, upon any record from the su-
preme court of the Territory of Nevada, may be
heard and determined by the Supreme Court of
the United States, and the mandate of execution
or of further proceedings shall bejjirected by the
Supreme Court of the United States to the dis-
trict court of the United States for the district of
Nevada, or to the supreme court of the State of
Nevada, as the nature of the appeal or writ of
error may require. This section further provides
that from all judgments and decrees of the su-
preme court of the Territory of Nevada prior to
the admission of that Territory into the Union
as a State, the parties to those judgmentsand de-
crees shall have the same right to prosecute ap-
peals and writs of error to the Federal courts as
they would have had under the laws of the United
States if thisact had been passed simultaneously
with the act admitting the State of Nevada into
the Union.
These are in substance the two sections recom-
mended by the committee in lieu of those stricken
out, and to some extent these two sections intro-
duce new matter into the bill. It is, however, in
regard to causes now pending in the Supreme
Court of the United States, in reference to which
the House of Representatives passed a bill some
weeks since and sent it to us, the provisions of
which bill we propose to embody in this, and to
go somewhat further, thinking that the House bill
providing that the Supreme Court of the United
States might go on and hear and determine causes
pending until United States courts were created
in Nevada would not by any meansgive to parties
their rights. In this bill we propose to create the
proper district and circuit courts for that State,
and then provide that the causes now pending in
the Supreme Court may be proceeded with accord-
ing to law, and remanded either to the district
court of the United States or to the supreme court
of the State of Nevada as the necessities of the
ease may require; and it is also provided in the
amendment, which was not provided for by the
House bill, that the parties to judgments or de-
crees which have been rendered or passed by the
-farm-orJtemiarial j&ourts, although they have not
yet taken a writ of error or made an appeal, may,
notwithstanding the fact that they have not yet
availed themselves of their right in that particu-
lar, still avail themselves of that tight as if these
courts had been created in the bill which admitted
Nevada as a State; because, without this legis-
lation, parties who have had their causes tried
and disposed of in the territorial courts would not
have any right to biing a writ of error or take an
appeal from those courts, but their judgments
would be final. The law of the United States is
that parties have a certain period of time, in some
cases some years, to prosecute a writ of error or
an appeal; and the committee saw no reason why
the parties to judgments or decrees in the terri-
torial courts of Nevada should not have the same
light and the same privilege. It was the fault of
Congiess (in which, of course,the Senate had its
share) in not giving to the State of Nevada a dis-
trict and circuit court when the Territory ceased
to he a Territory and became a State. It was an
inadvertence, an omission; and the State ought
not to suffer, neither ought parties who have been
litigating their rights in the Territory to suffer by
this omission or inadvertence on the part of Con-
gress. The committee deemed it butsimple justice
that the causes which are pending and now in
couit should be provided for, and also that the
rights of parties as existing under the law over
the country everywhere else should be made the
same within this State, and that they should have
their rights during the same period of time to
prosecute appeals and wiits of error.
