122
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
38tii Coxg....2d Sess.
Latvs of the United States.
For one complete set of f he Congressional Globe
and Appendix for each Representative and Dele-
gate in the first session of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, who has. not aheady received the same,
iwent^-three thousand dollars.
For folding document*, including materials,
thirty thousand dollars.
For fuel and lights, pay of engineers, firemen,
&nd laborers,repairs, and materials, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For furniture, repairs, and packing-boxes for
members, ten thousand dollars.
For horses, carriages, and saddle-horses, nine
thousand dollars.
For laborers, eighithousand four hundred dol-
lars.
For miscellaneous items, thirty thousand dol-
lars.
For newspapers, one thousand dollars.
For pages and temporary maii-boys, tenthou-
sarid and eighty dollars.
For reporting and publishing proceedings in
the Daily Globe, at seven dollars and fifty cents
per column, twenty thousand dollars.
For stationery, twelve thousand dollars.
For the usual additional compensation to the re-
porters of the House for the Congressional Globe,
lor ivportmg the proceedings of the House for the
first regular session of the Thirty-Ninth Con-
gress, eight hundred dollars each, four thousand
eight hundred dollars.
For completing the tiling of the floor of the old
Hall of Representatives, under the same author-
ity that the woik has already been done, three
thousand eight hundred and seventy-five dollars.
PUBLIC PRINTING.
For compensation of the Superintendent of the
Public Printing, and the cleiks and messenger
in his office, nine thousand seven hundred and
fourteen dollars.
For contingent expenses of his office, viz: For
stationery, postage, udveitising, furniture, trav-
eling expenses, horses and wagons, and miscel-
laneous items, two thousand dollars.
For addition to the Public Priming Office and
the necessary presses, machinery, and fixtures,
sixty-one thousand dollars; so much thereof to
be expended underthe ducction of the Secietary
of the Interior as may be necessary for the erec-
tion of said addition.
For the public printing, three hundred and
thirty-nine thousand four hundred and sixty-five
dollars and fifty cents.
For paper for the public printing,six hundred
and twenty-nine thousand and forty dollars.
For the public binding, three hundred and sev-
enty-thiee thousand seven hundred and ten dol-
lars and twenty-four cents.
For mapping in cases pending in the Supreme
Coh1t of the United States, live thousand dollars.
For liihogifujhiug and engraving for the Senate
and ilnutteof Representatives, seventy-five thou-
sand dollars.
MBRAnv OF CONGRESS.
For compensation of Librarian, three assistant
librarian*, messenger, and laboreis, ten thousand
tight handled dollars.
For contingent expenses of said Library, two
thousand dollars.
For put chase of books for said Library, eight
/housand dolhits.
For [mrcha.se of Jaw books for said Library, two
thousand dollars.
For an enlargement of the Library of Congress.
*o a-s to include 111 two wings, built fire-proof, the
fipacc at either end of the present Ltbtary, meas-
uring about eighty feet in length by thirty feet in
width, in accordance with a plan to be approved
hy the Committee on the Library, one hundred
and sixty thousand dollars, to bo expended under
the duecuoa oi tlie Secretary of the interior.
COURT Or CLAIMS.
For salaries of five judges of the Court of
Chums, the tolieitor, as>.5ir>uwu solicitor, deputy
Kohcitoi, del If and assistant clerk, bailiff, and
messenger thereof, thirty-six thousand three hun-
dred doiiais.
For stationery, books, fuel, lights, laborers'
hire, and other contingent and miscellaneous ex-
t pauses, three thousand dollars.
Forcompensation of attorneys to attend to tak-
ing testimony, witnesses, &nd commissioners, one
thousand dollars.
EXECUTIVE.
Forcompensation of thePresidentoftheUnited,
States, twenty-five thousand dollars.
For compensation of the Vice-President of the
United States, eight thousand dollars.
For compensation of secretary to sign patents
for public lands, one thousand five hundred dol-
lars.
For compensation to the private secretary,
steward, and messenger of the President of the
United States,fourthousand six hundred dollars.
For con tingentexpenses of the executive ofEce,
including stationery therefor, two thousand dol-
lars.
DEPARTMENT OP STATE.
For compensation of the Secretary of State and
Assistant Secretary of State, chief clerk, superin-
tendent of statistics, clerks, messenger, assistant
messenger, and laborers in his office, fifty-eight
thousand eight hundred and eighty dollars.
For the Incidental and Contingent Expenses of the
Department of Stale*
For publishing the laws in pamphlet form and
in newspapers of the States and Territories, and
in the city of Washington, seventeen thousand
one hundred and twenty-five dollars.
For proof-reading and packing the laws and
documents for the various legations and consul-
ates, including boxes and transportation of the
same, three thousand five hundred dollars.
Forstationery, blank books, binding, furniture,
fixtures, and repairs, five thousand dollars.
For miscellaneous items, two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For copper-plate printing, books, and maps,
five thousand dollars.
For extra clerk hire and copying, ten thousand
dollars.
Forcompensation of four watchmen and two
laborers of the Northeast Executive Building,
fourthousand three hundred and twenty dollars.
For contingent expenses of said building, viz:
for fuel, light, repairs, and miscellaneous ex-
penses, five thousand five hundred dollars.
For the payment of the firstannual installment
of the proportion contributed by the United States
toward the capitalization of the Scheldt dues,—
to fulfill the stipulations contained in the fourth
article of the convention between the United States
and Belgium, of the twentieth of May, eighteen
hundred and sixty-three, the sum of fifty-five
thousand five hundred and eighty-fourdo!lars,in
coin, and such further sum as may be necessary
to carry out the stipulation of the convention pro-
viding for the payment of interest on the said sum
and on the portion o£ the principal remaining un-
paid.
TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
For compensation of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, two Assistant Secretaries of the Treasury,
chief clerk, supervising architect and assistant
architect, clerks, messengers, assistant messen-
ger, and laborers, one hundred and eighteen thou-
sand nine hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the IPirst Comptroller,
chief clerk, and the clerks, messenger, and labor-
ers in his office, forty-three thousand seven hun-
dred and forty dollars.
For compensation of the Second Comptroller,
chief clerk, and the clerks, messenger, assistant
messenger, and laborer in his office, including
three clerks of class four, three clerks of class
three, three clerks of class two, three clerks of
class one, twelve clerks at an annual salary of
seven hundred and twenty dollars each, and one
laborer at an annual salary of seven hundred and
twenty dollars, who are hereby authorized to be
appointed, one hundred and thirty-four thousand
nine hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the First Auditor, chief
cleik, and the clerks, messenger, assistant mes-
senger, and laborer in his office,forty-eight thou-
sand thiee hundred and sixty dollars.
Forcompensation of the Second Auditor, chief
clerk, and the clerks, messenger, assistant mes-
sengers, and laboreis in his office, including three
clerks of class four, twenty clerks of class three,
forty clerks of class two, seventy of class one,
one assistant messenger at eight hundred and
forty dollars per annum, and three laborers at
seven hundred and twenty dollars per annum,
each, who are hereby authorized to be appointed,
five hundred and eighteen thousand seven hun-
dred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the Third Auditor, chief
clerk, and the clerks, messengers,assistant mes-
sengers, and laborers in his office, including five
clerks of class four, fifteen cleiks of class three,
thirty clerks of class two, and fifty clerks of class
one, who are hereby authorized to be appointed,
three hundred and eighty-four thousand two hun-
dred and eighty dollars.
For compensation of the Fourth Auditor, chief
clerk, and the clerks, messenger, and assistant
messenger,and laborer in his office,one hundred
and ten thousand nine hundred and sixty dollars.
For compensation of the Fifth Auditor, chief
clerk, and the clerks, messenger, and laborer in
his office, forty-eight thousand eight hundred and
forty dollars.
For compensation of the Auditor of the Treas-
ury for the Post Office Department, and the cleiks,
messenger, assistant messenger, and laborers in
his office, one hundred and ninety-three thousand
one hundred and sixty dollars.
For compensation of the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States, AssistantTreasurer, cashier, assistant
cashier, chiefs of division, book-keepers, tellers,
assistant tellers, chief clerk, and the clerks, mes-
senger, assistant messengers, and laborers in his
office, one hundred and'sixty-nine thousand three
hundred and eighty dollars.
For compensation of the Register of the Treas-
ury, Assistant Register, chief clerk, and the cleiks,
messengers, assistant messenger, and laborers in
his office, ninety-one thousand five hundred and
twenty dollars.
For compensation of the Solicitor of the Treas-
ury, chief clerk, and the clerks and messenger in
his office,eighteen thousand five hundred dollars.
Forcompensation of the Commissioner of Cus-
toms, chief clerk, and the clerks, messenger, and
laborer in his office, forty thousand nine hundred
and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the chief clerk, clerks,
messenger, and laborer oftheLijrht-House Board,
nine thousand five hundred and twenty dollars.
For compensation of the Comptroller of the
Currency, Deputy Comptroller, clerks, messen-
ger, and laborer, sixty-four thousand nine hun-
dred and forty dollars.
Contingent Expenses of the Treasury Department.
In theofficeof the Secretary of theTrensuiy:
For copying, labor, binding, sealing ships' ieg-
istcrs, translating foreign languages, advertising,
and extra clerk hire for preparing and collecting
infoimation to be laid before Congress, and for
miscellaneous items, fifty thousand dollars.
For compensation to temporary cleiks in the
Treasury Department, and for additional com-
pensation to clerks in same Department: Provided,
That the temporary clerks herein provided for
mayHje classified according- to the character of
their services: Jlndprovidedfurther, That the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may award such addi-
tional compensation to clerks as in his judgment
may be deemed just and may be required by the
public service, two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars; but the said Secietary shall not have the
authority to award any such additional compen-
sation to such clerks after the first day of July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
In the office of the First Comptroller;
For furniture, public documents*, State and ter-
ritorial statutes, postage, and miscellaneous items,
one thousand dollars.
In the office of the Second Comptroller:
For furniture and miscellaneous items, includ-
ing subscription to one city newspaper, to be
bound and preserved for the use of the office, four
thousand dollars.
In the offire of the First Xuditoi:
For office furniture and miscellaneous items,
one thousand five hundred dollars. *
In the office of the Second Auditor:
For office furnituie and miscellaneous items,
including two of the city newspapers, to-be filed
