814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16,
That, Mr. President, is the bill, and the whole
bill, as it now stands. It is disembarrassed of any
question as regards any other State. It gives to
this State the same district and circuit courts that
are given to every other State in the Union. It
gives the same officers to those courts. It gives
to those officers the same fees and emoluments,
and subjects them to the same laws and regula-
tions. It lets Oregon alone; it lets California alone;
it is a simple bill unconnected with any other
thing than simply the creation of a district and cir-
cuit court, providing for theofficersof thosecourts
and their salaries; and simply adding to that a
provision that the causes pending in the Supreme
Court of the United States may be proceeded with,
and that the rights of parties to prosecute appeals
or writs of error from judgments that would other-
wise be final shall not be lost to them. That is
all there is of the bill.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, in regard
to the statement that this bill interferes with Cali-
fornia and Oregon, I will only say that the dele-
gations from both those States are desirpus that
the bill should be passed as it came from the
House of Representatives; the Pacific delegation,
I believe, is unanimous in this desire, so that the
matter may be entirely disembarrassed from that
consideration.
As to the fifth section, it is proposed to strike
it out, because it is said that it is not necessary,
inasmuch as it is now the duty of the district
judges in the absence of the circuit judge to hold
the respective circuit courts. Perhaps it would be
unnecessary, so far as giving that power is con-
cerned, to insert the fifth section; but there is an
important matter in the section which in connec-
tion with that provision makes it very proper to
retain the section, and rcenact what the Senator
says is now the law. The proviso to that sec-
tion is as follows:
Provided, That they shall not possess jurisdiction to
hear and determine any ease or mattor on appeal, or writ
of error, or translerred l'rom the distiict couit, or any pro-
ceeding therein.
It may be said that that is the law as it now
stands, that it is not contemplated by the law that
ajudge shall'hearon appeal a case that has been
tried before him; but in answer to that, we say
we are informed that that very thing lias occurred,
that the judge who presided over the court and
tried the cause has been found making orders in
the same cause on appeal. I am confident that it
is not the law; but it has been so construed, and
it is well to make it entirely plain. There can be
no objection to that; it certainly avoids a diffi-
culty thatexists now in the city of San Francisco.
I am informed by the delegation from* California
that such is the fact. That is a full answer, it
seems to me, to the proposition to strike out that
section.
As to the sixth section, that simply fixes the
judge's salary, and the same provision is put
into the amendment. Of course it may as well
be here as in another form in the amendment re-
ported by the committee.
The seventh section involves thequestion ofthe
compensation of the marshal and district attorney.
That is a question purely local in its character.
It has been suggested that we want uniformity
in our judicial acts. Of course we do. We want
uniformity in the administration of all the depart-
ments of the Government; for instance, in the
administration of the military depaitment I pre-
sume; but yet I suppose it would not be con-
tended that the supplies for the Government
should be furnished at all points at the same
price. I do not suppose that by legislation here
we can make flour or pork sell for the same in
Nevada as in Connecticut. In employing per-
sons to discharge duties which are paid by fees,
it is necessary to give such a compensation as
will enable them to discharge the duties. We are
the best judges of that. We know best what it
costs to live in that country. The delegations
from those different States understand that prop-
osition perfectly well. There can be no law
passed by Congress that will compel a storekeeper
to furnish provisions at less than the market
rates.
The seventh and eighth sections but reenact
and make applicable to Nevada a law which was
passed last winter, allowing to the clerks, mar-
shals, and district attorneys of the courts in Cali-
fornia and Oregon double the fees allowed to the
same officers in the other districts of the United
States. The delegations from California and Ore-
gon agree to these sections; they desire them to
be passed. Even now, with double fees, the com-
pensation is extremely meager. In order that the
clerk shall live, it will be necessary that he be made
master in chancery and commissioner, and have
all the duties assigned to him that can be assigned.
The marshal is notsituated as that officer ism the
city of New York; he has no greatsales to make;
there is no shipping interest there from which he
may derive fees. He has very little to do. It is
doubtful whether even with this provision we can
support a marshal. I do not see why gentlemen
should object to litigants in the courts there being
charged what we deem necessary to support the
officers. Uniformity in that respect is not now
observed; an exception has already been made
with regard to Cahforniaand Oregon; and I do
not see that this is an innovation, or that any body
has a right to complain of it.
Again, the eighth section contains a provision
that the district court clerk and the circuit court
clerk shall bethe same person. In this there is a
great saving of expense. It will not be nccessary
to rent more than one clerk's office. The rent of
a clerk's office is a mutter of considerable import-
ance there. It will cost $100 a month in gold to
get a decent clerk's office. Consolidate the two
offices, and one man can attend to both with per-
fect ease. Give the compensation we ask for here,
and the office can be attended to properly, and in
a manner satisfactory to all. No harm can be done
by it; it is no innovation on what has already oc-
curred. It is only doing what ought to be done
in difTerentsections of the country; because I say
it is unjust and unfair to charge the same fees in
the city of New York—where with a very small
compensation in each case the office of marshal
would be worth a large amount of money, figuring
up among the thousands, forty or fifty thousand
dollars, perhaps, a very lucrative office—as in a
country where there is but little litigation, and
where living is extremely expensive.
COMMERCE AMONG THE STATES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Nevada will pause. It becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the special order, being
the bill (H.R. No. 307) to regulate commerce
among theseveral States. The pending question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] and the Senator from
New Jersey [Mr. Ten Eyck] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. FOSTER. I hope we may be allowed to
proceed with the bill which has been discussed
this morning, unless the Senator from New Jer-
sey prefers to go on.
Mr. TEN EYCK. I should prefer to go on
if it is agreeable to (lie Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from New Jer-
sey will allow me to state that after he has ad-
dressed the Senate I shall endeavor to get up the
naval appiopriation bill for the purpose of hav-
ing action on it to-day.
Mr TEN EYCK. Mr. President, the bill
now before the.Senate is very unassuming in its
dimensions, consisting of only about eight or nine
lines, but it involves questions of the utmost mag-
nitude and importance. It is true they are pre-
sented in a shape somewhat novel; yet they are
in fact as old as the Government itself. They
agitated the Convention which framed the Con-
stitution, and they may be traced down all along
the pathway of our history to the present time.
They are questions of power as between the
national and State Governments worthy of our
calmest and gravest consideration. They are con-
tested, controverted, and delicate. They are not
questions of mere expediency, of policy, of pol-
itics, nor are ttay confined to a mere locality; but
they are questions of law, constitutional, organic
law, broad and extensive as the country itself.
They are not questions merely for to-day and for
ourselves, but for all time and for our posterity.
No interest should control them, no passion
should affect them; they will continue to exist
after the causes now disturbing them shall have
passed away, when passion shall have found new
forms in which to flash its heat, and interest new
food on which to feed itself.
This bill is in the following words: it is short,
and I prefer to read it as preliminary to my re-
marks. It is entitled "An act to regulate com-
merce among the several States:"
That every railroad company in the United States whose
road is operated by sieam, its successors and assigns, be,
and is heieby, authorized to carry upon and over its load,
connections, boats, budges, and femes, all fieight, prop-
erty. mails, passengers, troops, and Government supplies
on their way from any State to another State, and to re-
ceive compensation therefor.
Sir, it authorizes every railroad company m the
United States whose road is operated by steam to
carry over and upon its road, connections, boats,
bridges, and ferries, from one State to another,
and to receive therefor compensation—first, all
mails; second, troops and Government supplies;
third, property, freight, and passengers. Now,
sir, the question is whether the bill shall reccive
the sanction of Congress for the purposes declared
in its body. I shall consider shortly, very shortly,
the two first objects named, and the third object
more at length.
Is this bill necessary to authorize the carrying
of the mails over all the railroads in the United
States operated by steam? It is not necessary
for me to discuss the constitutional question in-
volved in this. The Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Sumner,] if I understood him aright,
stated that he deemed the passage of this bill ne-
cessary for this purpose. I do not so regard it.
He states that there is no doubt about the power,
and he refers to acts of Congress in which the -
power has been declared and the authority con-
ferred. Without stopping to argue the constitu-
tional question involved in this point of the case,
I say there is no necessity for the passage of this
bill for this purpose. I beg leave to refer very
shortly indeed to the statute passed on this subject,
simply to refer to it in order that it may be incor-
porated in my remarks. By an act passed on the
3d of March, 1853, m addition to a former act
passed on the subject—it is to be found in the
Statutes at Large, volume ten, page 255—it is pro-
vided that—
" All railroads and parts of railroads which are now or
hereafter may be in operation, be, and the same are hereby,
dcel.ii ed to In; post roads; and the Postmaster General may
contract for carrying the mails theieon according to exist-
ing laws-."
If the power were undisputed, and I do not stop
to question it either one way or the other, it is
unnecessary to pass this bill, because we have a
statute full and complete on that subject now upon
the statute-book, and the Government is using
these roads for the purpose of the transportation
of the mails throughout the length and bieadth
of the Union. It is not necessary to spread any
such statute as this among our laws for the pur-
pose of doing or authorizing that to be done which
now is authorized by law and is not disputed at
the present time.
How is it with respect to carrying troops and
Government supplies ? Is the passage of this bill
necessary forthis purpose? By an actofCongress
passed on the 30th of January, 1862, to be found
in the Statutesat Large, volume twelve, page 334,
it has been declared by Congress " that the Pies-
identof the United States, when in his judgment
the public safety may require it, be, and he is
hereby, authorized to take possession of any or
all the railroad lines of the United States, so that
they shall be considered post roads and part of
the military establishment of the United States."
It is unnecessary to pass this bill for the purpose
of authorizing the Government to transport troops
and munitions of war over these railroads, be-
cause we have an act now passed authorizing that
to be done. Under the provisions of that act,
troops and munitions of war are being transported
over railroads throughout the length and breadth
of the land, evpn over the railroads of New Je-H*
sey, whether they are entitled to exclusive priv-
ileges or not, each and all of them, leading from
the city of New York toward the capital of the
Union. It would be a work of supererogation to
pass this bill for either of the two purposes to
which I have referred.
Then, sir, how is it with regard to the third
object, the authority sought to be conferred on
every railroad in the United States operated by
steam,to carry passengers, property, and freight
in the way proposed ? This is die grand and ab-
sorbing question, the real and only object of I his
bill, i'he other purposes, if the Senator from
Massachusetts will allow me to borrow a word
frequently used by him on the day before yester-
