1865.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
815
day, are mere " pretenses" for the exercise of the
power of Congress as invoked in this bill. Sir,
before authorizing this to be done I, at least, con-
eider it proper to inquire first what rights and in-
terests are involved in it; and second, what rights
and interests will be invaded by it. I deem them
to be as sacred and'important as the Government
itself, or at least as important as the existence
of the State governments themselves. Pass this
bill, and it will confer on railroad companies char-
tered by the States authority to do that which by
the laws of the States creating them they have no
right to do, which laws, in fact, constitute apart
of their contracts with the States, and were ac-
cepted by them as such when they took their char-
ters from the States.
State railroad charters I understand to be con-
tracts entered into by the companies with the States
creating them, and by which not only the com-
panies themselves but the States creating them are
bound—contracts as solemn and as obligatory on
the parties thus contracting as any other contracts
between any other and different parties. Sir, the
object of this bill is to discharge State railroad
corporations from the obligations the'y are under
to the States creating them, and to which they
owe their very being. This, I submit most re-
spectfully and emphatically, Congress, in all the
plenitude of its power, has no right or authority
to do under either of the three powers referred to
by thedistinguished Senator from Massachusetts,
and especially under the power to regulate com-
merce between the several States, to which he has
specially adverted.
1 do not propose to enter into an elaborate dis-
cussion of the constitutional question involved in
this bill. I think theargument submitted by the
honorable Senator from Maryland [Mr. Johnson]
some two or three weeks ago was complete and
sufficient upon that subject; and if the Senator
from Massachusetts will allow me to use the ex-
pression, notwithstanding the air of triumph with
which he seemed to consider that he had over-
thrown the argument of the Senator from Mary-
land,! do not think that he touched it in any
material point. I think he failed utterly in attempt-
ing to refute the positions assumed and taken by
the Senator from Maryland. I have too much
respect for the opinions and for the patience of this
body to undertake to repeat and reiterate the dis-
cussion in full upon that subject. But, sir,-I may
be permitted perhaps to call the attention of the
Senate to some of the phases involved in this ques-
tion. I have no feeling about it; I can have no
Eersonal feeling on this subject, although much
as been said about my State, and although the
question involves the interests of the people of my
State. I know that the people of my State are
divided, from Sussex to Cape May, upon this sub-
ject. I know there is a great, wide, and radical
difference of opinion between them in relation to
this measure, so far as my own State is concerned,
and I think it but frank, manly, and fair in me to
give the opinions which I entertain and which will
influence me in giving the vote I expect to give,
let the consequences be to me as they may, or to
any conflicting interest that may be running wild
in the State from which I come, and which i honor
and reverence.
Mr. president, I hold that Congress cannot
absolve a State corporation from the conditions,
limitations, and restrictions imposed upon it by
the State creating it, and involved in its very char-
ter, in a matter solely within the jurisdiction of
the State, as I claim it to be in the case of the
State more particularly interested in the question
now before the Senate. I admit that Congress
may pas3 laws establishing a uniform system of
bankruptcy, under the powers conferred upon it
by the Constitution of the United States, and thus
discharge pecuniary obligations; but where is the
power enabling it to authorize a corporation cre-
ated by a State, with conditions, limitations, and
restrictions on its franchise, to accept and use the
charter not only without regard to those restric-
tions, limitations, and conditions, but in utter
violation of them? Congress cannot abridge or
enlarge the franchises of a State charter; it is not
within the powers conferred upon it. If so, 1
should like to see where the authority is to be
found; I should like to have it referred to by some
of the advocates of the bill now before the Senate.
This is not a bill to authorize the construction
of a new road by the Government of the United
States. That is not the question now before the
Senate. It is a bill to authorize the seizure of
chartersgranted by the States,and their conversion
to other purposes different from those for which
they were granted, and to arm the managers of
State corporations with a power antagonistic to
and in contravention of the very law of their ex-
istence. This cannot be done; it is against both
law and reason. It has been uniformly held that
Congress cannot build a road within the limits of
a State without the consent of that State. What
has been the history of our Government on that
subject? I beg leave to call the attention of the
Senate for a few minutes to the history and action
of Congress on the subject of constructing public
improvements within the limits of the several
States of the Union.
Shortly after the commencement of the present
century this movement was set on foot, and it was
agitated more or less by Congress and the Gen-
eral Government down to a period as late as 1830.
About the year 1806 the great question which
agitated Congress was not whether Congress could
make internal improvements contrary to the wishes
of the several States through which it was pro-
posed they should be made or constructed, but
whether the Government of the United States had
the power to make internal improvements at all;
whether it was within the power of Congress;
whether it was constitutional. A reference to
the State Papers will show the opinions of Mr.
Jefferson and Mr. Madison on that point. There
was great doubt entertained; that was the battle;
that was the controversy. About that year Con-
gress stood somewhat committed to the doctrine
of internal improvements in the case of the Cum-
berland road, but that road was established by
and with the consent of the State of Maryland,
through wh!'ch it was constructed. The contro^
versy was not whether it could be constructed with
or without the consent of the State, but whether
it was within the power of the General Govern-
ment to construct this work of internal improve-
ment at all. However, it was determined to do
so, the consentof the State beingobtained for that
purpose. In 1822 this road got out of repair and
Congress passed a law to erect toll-gates on it for
the purpose of collecting toll in order that it might
be repaired. This brought up the question of in-
ternal police, whether the GovernmentoftheUni-
ted States had the right and power to police the
road. A controversy grew out of that, and event-
ually the road was abandoned; it returned to the
use of the State, the Government of the United
States having relinquished all control over it as a
public road and surrendered its right to levy toll
for the purpose of keeping it in repair.
Proceeding in the short and concise history I
am giving, in 1825 Congress subscribed money
for building the Chesapeake and Ohio canal, and
so far as that went stood committed of
internal improvements within the States. But
this was not in opposition to the wishes of the
States through which this public work ran. Sub-
sequently to that, General Jackson vetoed the
famous Maysviile road bill, which seemed to set-
tle the policy of the Government in relation to
this matter, and from that time there has been no
great work of publicimpfovement in this country
carried on under the fostering care and protection
of the Government of the United States; and
about that time, from 1830 to 1833, that system
of internal improvements which has brought out
and developed the resources of this country in the
shape of railroads and canals sprang into exist-
ence, under the fostering care and aid of the States
and the people of the several States. It was at
that time that the policy of pubhc improvements
was surrendered, so ko speak, by the General
Government, and taken up by the several States;
and we have seen the glorious results everywhere
arising from wise, judicious,public-spirited, and
patriotic action on the part of the individual cit-
izens of the several States, who could better un-
deistand and better regulate and manage the af-
fairs of public improvements within their own
borders and within their own limits.
And, Mr. President, the Pacific railroad bill
goes upon this same principle, and recognizes this
right of the States to construct works of public
improvement by themselves within their own lim-
its, because by the very charter we have passed
incorporating the Pacific Railroad Company we
have taken especial care and pains to confine its
beginning, its termination, and its passage, to the
Territories of the United States, and not to invade
the limits of either of the States of this Union,
privilege being of course afforded and some as-
sistance also held out to the several States in the
construction of branch roads to run in like so
many smaller streams to supply the greatcurrent
which is to unlock for the purposes of trade and
commerce the recesses of the great center to the
eastern and to the western coasts of this country.
But, sir, the bill before us is vastly different
from this. It is, as I said, to seize the charter of
a State and alter its provisions, and to absolve the
corporation from its contract with the State cre-
ating it and the contract entered into by it with
the State when it was created. Now, sir, I ask
you what effect this will have upon a State char-
ter. Pass this bill and what effect will it have
upon State charters? Will it be an amendment
to State railroad charters? Will it be a repeal of
State railroad charters, or will it be a new charter
for these companies,or partly both ? What kind
of corporation will it be, State or national? It
will be a kind of hybrid, with a foundation rest-
ing upon State authority, and its superstructure
authorized and erected by Federal authority.
Agfain, of all who are carried away by the splen-
did pageant of Federal supremacy, I would ask,
what effect will it have on the amenability of such
corporations to the States creating them? They
have duties to perform and liabilities to meet.
Will the passage of this bill make them creatures
independent of their creator, and authorize them
to cast themselves loose from all the bonds they
voluntarily assumed when theyentered into their
contract, which they did on the acceptance of
their charter? How as to taxes which they are
required to pay by the terms of theircharterupon
their acceptance? How as to the repeal of this
charter, most of them having terms in their acts
of incorporation authorizing the Legislature of
the State to withdraw the chartered rights and
privileges conferred on them by the charter?
How are they to be answerable for abuse of their
franchise ? Is the great remedy of quo warranto
to be withdrawn? May they not be called upon
in any way to respond for misfeasance, malfeas-
ance, non-user,or abuse? According to the the-
ory of gentlemen who are the advocates of this
extreme Federal power, it would seem so. Sipf
grant that the argument of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is to be carried to the extent that it
plainly implies, these creatures of State author-
ity may flaunt the very power which gave them
a body if it did notconfer upon them a soul. Un-
der this bill, I ask, what may these State corpo-
rations not do? The Pennsylvania Central, the
New York and Erie, the Raritan and Delaware
Bay, with limitations, and with termini fixed in
their charters, to convey passengers and freight
between certain _p_siatjs,.Pittsburg and Philadel-
phia in the one instance, Lake Erie and New
York in the other, or from a little place on the
Raritan bay called Port Monmouth down to Cape
May, may start a line of steamers in connection
with their roads, send them across the ocean, or
around the world. These companies are author-
ized to build a road in one locality; by the pre-
tension set up they may build it in another. They
are authorized to carry passengers and freight
between two points; they may, according to this
pretension, carry them between other and different
points. They are restricted by their charters to
charge certain prices for transportation; by this
pfifetension they may charge any other price for
transportation or passage that they may see fit,
unless restricted by this bill, and there is no restric- '
tion upon the face of it with respect to charge.
They are limited and required by their charters to
do a particular kind of business prescribed; if
Congress has power to authorize what is now
asked, they may be authorized to do another kind
of business than that prescribed, and in any other
way. Sir, to what will this lead, and where will
itend ? It will lead to the destruction of the inter-
nal improvements of every State in this Union or
several of the States of this Union, or may do it,
and it will tend to the ruin and bankruptcy of
tens of thousands of true and loyal citizens, men,
women, widows, children, whose estates have
been invested in incorporated companies of this
kind, under the plighted faith of the several States
within the limits of which they are citizens.
Now, air, how svill it operate more particularly
