816
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 16.
in practice?- The States of this Union have each
a railroad system of their own. I will refer to
my own State by way of illustration. I do not
know that a reference to that State and to the
injury and evil which may be inflicted upon her
•will have any influence upon the mind of the
Senator from Massachusetts. During the dis-
cussion of this question of constitutional au-
thority, that Senator indulged in strong, if not
violent, terms of denunciation against my State.
I infer that he has but little love for her. He
likens her to the State of South Carolina; " like,"
he says, " begets like;" and this " pretense," as
he calls it, on the part of my State he characterizes
as a species of nullification like nullification in the
State of South Carolina. Sir, lie undertakes to say
that of a State whose children have shed their blood
upon almost every battle-field of this rebellion. He
has pronounced her conduct as a usurpation and
a pretense!
It was my intention to dwell somewhat at
length on that branch of the subject, but the
Senator from Massachusetts will excuse me
when I say that knowing that my State is alike
indifferent to his censure and his praise, I shall
not enter into any unseemly contest of that kind
on this occasion. - This bill is meant to bear
upon my State and to trample her rights under
foot, it has so-been declared by the Senator
from Massachusetts, not in so many words, but
he claims that it was a usurpation and a pretense
on her part to do what she has done. Permit
me to examine this question a little. I am com-
Felled to ask the indulgence of the Senate while
investigate it, and, as shortly as I possibly can,
Jay before the Senate the true history of this con-
test in my State for the purpose of cabling upon
the judgment of the Senate for their opinion as
to the propriety as well as the legality of the meas-
ure now asked to be enforced against that State.
The bill now before the Senate is a House bill,
House bill No. 307; it is identically the same as
Senate bill No. 10^, introduced by the Senator
from Massachusetts. It is the same m effect as
is the original House bill No. 307, and the pres-
ent bill was proposed in the other House by Mr.
Wilson, the chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary of that House, as a substitute for that
bill, making it in its general terms applicable to
all the States, instead of confining it to the State
of New Jersey. For the purpose of making my
remarks more understandable, and as the original
bill is not long, 1 desire to refer to it. This is
the way in which the measure was first intro-
duced, this is the key that unlocks the object and
purpose of the bill now before the Senate. It is
entitled "A bill to declare certain loads military
and post roads, and to regulate commerce," and it
goes on to say:
Be it enacleily -$'<>•> Tlmt the railroad of the Camden and
.Atlantic Hail Company, ;m<l the brandies thereof, built ;uui
to be built, and the iaiiro;ul of the lt.uitun and iJeiawate
33ay Rail Company, and the hianehe.s thereof, built and to
be bniit, arc hereby deeimed to In; lawful btriu'tiucb and
public highway- of the (Jutted State*.
Sec. JJnd be it further enacted, That the said railroads
and branehc--, wiih a furry or ferric* from Camden, m the
rttate of New Jer>ey, to I'hiladelplua, in Hie State of Penn-
sylvania, and steamboat*and otherfrom Port ftlon-
jiiouth, in the Stat< o( New Jetj-ev, to the city of New York,
running in connection with  .ud toads, arc hereby estab-
lished a* a po*t route, military road, and public Juyhway of
the United States for the purpose of ttan-mi^-ion of the
  ail*? troop*, and munitions of war of the United States,
and lor the tian^portation of good-, ware-., and merchan-
dise of foreign giowth aciov* the State of New Jersey, un-
der permits granted by the colleetois of port.* of the United
State* authorized to grant the same, and for commerce
among and between the several States of the United Staff*.
St.c. 3. Jind he it fat thei enaded, That the Camden and
' Atlantic Uailroad Company, and tin: lUnt.ui ami Delaware
Bay Railroad Company, chartered by the State of New
Jersey, or eithei of them, or their are hereby au-
thorised and empowered to complete, maintain, and oper-
ate the *;ud raihoatK and brnncho*, and to establish, main-
tain, and run the  aid feme:-, s-u-amboats, and other vessel*,
a line of tran*poitalion for goods, wares, and merchan-
dise of ail description-., and pa^entjer* between the cities
of New Yoik and Philadelphia, and in-tw-en the interme-
diate places and said citie*, respectively, and foi commerce
between and among the several States of the United States,
an} thing in any huv or laws of the above-named Stale* to
the coutiaiy notwithstanding.
That shows the object, clear, distinct, and well
defined, which was in view at the tune of the in-
troduction of that original bill. I may be allowed
to say that that bill was introduced at the instance
of the Raritan and Delaware Bay Railroad Com-
pany. It was introduced upon the presentation
Committees on Commerce who had charge of
these measures. The General Governmentasked
for the passage of no such bill. In a report made
by the Postmaster General, a year or two ago, it
was stated that no additional postal facilities were
required between the city of Washington and the
city of New York. The House of Represent-
atives regarded this as a measure striking at the
State of New Jersey, and the State of New Jersey
alone. The chairman of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, in a discussion before the House on
that subject, stated:
"I shall be willing to vote for the amendment of the gen-
tlenian from lowu, [Mr. Wilson,] because thatcomnieiKlb
itself to many gentlemen liere on account of the general
character of the legislation it proposes. Butif that substi-
tute should fail, 1 will go with equal cheerfulness for the
original hill, with a view to the coirection of the particular
evil at which that is aimed.
" 1 look at this mattei as tiie committee looked at it, from
an outside point of view. I look at it as a citizen of Ohio
or of any othei State than New Jersey, and foi that reason
1 will be drawn into no argument here m relation to the
rights of natural 01 artificial persons as they exist under and
by virtue of the Jaws of New Jersey. 1 care nothing about
wiiat questions may have been raised in the Legislature of
New Jersey. I care not what mayhave been the different
opinions ot the couits of New Jersey, It is not for nic, if
the people of New Jersey are willing to submit to the dic-
tation and ruie of a selfish corporation, to interfere for the
protection of that people. Tliey must take care of them-
selves. They must be left to their own Legislature and
their own courts."
It would seem that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Somner] cares as little about the
decision of the courts of my State or the action of
its Legislature as the honorable chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs of the House of
Representatives. That was the object; that was
the design. It was to interfere with what they
are pleased to call an odious monopoly and a usur-
pation of my State as against the rights and priv-
ileges of the other States of this Union.
Sir, I make no apology, I make no excuse for
my State. 1 stand here us her humble represent-
ative on this floor and simply ask that X may be
permitted to present the facts as they are. If she
stands in the light of an enlightened public judg-
ment, she will stand; if she fells in the view of an
enlightened public judgment, she must fall. My
feeble arm can neither hold her up, nor perhaps
aid in casting her down.
Mr. President, suffer me to say, to run back
through a period of some thirty or forty years,
that New Jersey was among the first, if not the
very first State 111 this Union to establish a rail-
road of chief magnitude and importance in this
country. Railroading was then in its infancy It
was undetermined whether it was to be a success
or not. The project was a new one. It wits re-
gaided by the majority of the people of my State,
and 1 know not but by the majority of the people
of the United States, as chimerical. Although
young then, I have a lively recollection of hearing
it sml, tlmt ilio men who invested their capital in
the stock of this company were silly and wcie
casting away the patrimony that their fathers had
bestowed upon them. About the year 1830 the
Camden and Amboy Railroad Company was in-
corporated; and among other things it was in-
vested with all the rights, powers, and privileges
necessary to perfect an expeditious and complete
line of communication fitom Philadelphia to .New
York; and for that purpose to lay out and con-
struct a railroad or roads from the Delaware river,
between Cooper's and Newton's creek, which is
on the New Jersey side of the Delaware river, to
Raritan bay, a distance of some twenty or twenty-
five milesfrom the city of New York, and to pro-
vide suitable steam or'other vessels at cither ex-
tremity for the transportation of passengers and
produce from city to city.
That was the extent of the charter, and that
declared the termini of the road. In 1831, this
same road and the Delaware and Raritan canal,
which had been incorporated about the same time,
were united and formed into a joint-stock com-
pany, it having been discovered' that the stock of
the two, separately, could not receive the favora-
ble consideration of the money maiket. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts spoke of " confederated
railroads." 1 know of no confederated railroads
in New Jersey. I do know ot the consolidation
of this Railroad and Canal Company by an act
which is familiarly known m the State of New
Jersey as the mamage act. After that union of
the two corporations, both were proceeded in and
resulted n. a successful completion. In 1832, the
Legislature of New Jersey passed the act con-
taining the exclusive privilege granted to the
Camden and Amboy Railroad Company referred
to by the Senator from Massachusetts the day
before yesterday. In order to be certain, I will
read the terms of that act. By that act of 1832
it was enacted:
" That it shall not be lawful,at any time during the said
railioad chaiter, (to wit, the Camden and Amboy,) to eon-
stiuet any other railroads m thisState without the eoi^ent
ot the sa",d company, which shall be intended or u.-ed lor
the transportation ot passengers or merchandise between
the cities of New York and Philadelphia, or to compete m
business with the railioad authorized by tiie act to which
this supplement is relative."
I state the act in its length and in its breadth in
the way the Senator from Massachusetts stated
it, in order that the friends of this bill may have
the full benefit of it in this discussion, and also
when they come to vote upon the question.
Now, Mr. President, the question at this time
is not whether that grant of the exclusive privilege
to the Camden and Amboy Company was wise
or unwise, whether it was politic or impolitic. It
makes, I may be permitted to remark, a great
difference when you judge from different stand-
points, or different periods of time. Standing here
at this day I have not the slightest idea that the
Legislature of New Jersey in 1865 would have
granted an exclusive privilege of that kind to any
company to constructa railroad across that State;
but, sir, if we go back to 1830, in the infancy of
this measure, when it was an experiment, when
the men who embarked in it, and who had the
bold and hazardous enterprise to risk their for-
tunes in it were denounced as hair-brained and
madmen, we may find some little reason for it
growing out of the desire of the Legislature of
that State to procure the establishment of internal
improvements there, at the nick of time when the
General Government, under the veto by Genera!
Jackson of the Maysville road bill, had declared
they did not intend to embark in any such enter-
prise any more. It was desirable for the purposes
of commerce and trade and the transportation of
passengers at that early day that there should be
such lines of communication even across the in-
significant State of New Jersey, as the Senator
from Massachusetts would have it.
1 may be permitted to remark here that this
exclusive privilege granted to the Camden and
Amboy Company will expire in 1869. it is now
the year of giace 1865; and if thisexclusivepriv-
ilege lias had a long life it is approaching its
last sands. The limit will expire in 1869, and
then I doubt not it will end, and end forever.
The road was built and put in operation more
or less successfully, and so matters stood until
1852,a period of twenty years, without impeach-
ment, without rivalry, without question, with-
out particular complaint, so far as 1 know, from
anybody, in 1852 the Camden and Atlantic—
not the Camden and Amboy—Railroad Company
was chaiteied by the Legislature of New Jer-
sey. This was twenty years subsequent to the
grant of this exclusive privilege to the Camden and
Amboy Company. By their charter this company
was authorized to construct a railroad from Cam-
den, opposite the city of Philadelphia, in a south-
easterly direction to a place called Absecom, on
the sea-coast, on the Atlantic ocean, naming at
right angles with the route of the Camden and
Amboy railroad between Philadelphia and New
York. This company was authorized, in addi-
tion to the construction of a direct line of rail-
road between these points, to build two little lat-
eral branches, one to a place called Batsto, which
isabout halfwaydovvn the lineof the road, about
six miles noi therly, and another to a place callcd
May's Landing, about six miles south of the load,
toward Cape May, southerly. That road was
built, and its corporate powers were limited to
the right to carry passengers and trade between
those two points and upon these lateral blanches.
Now you Will observe that this charter was gran ted
in 1852 to this Camden and Atlantic Company,
and accepted by them with full knowledge of, and
subject to, the exclusive privilege which had been
granted twenty years before to the Camden and
Amboy Company; and it was not designed, from
us route, and the privilege conferied upon it, to
interfere ill any way with the pnvileges conferred
upon that company.
On the 3d of March, 1854, theRai itan and Del-
aware Bay Railroad Company was lncorptuakd.
