1-26
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 2,
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws pf the United States.
be attached to and included in the surveying dis-
trict of California.
Sec. 4. Jiadbe it farther enacted t That from and
after the commencement of the next fiscal year,
the salary of each of the Assistant Secretaries of
the Executive Departments, the Assistant Attor-
ney General,and the three AssistantPostmasters
General, shall be three thousand five hundred dol-
lars per annum.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the pro-
visions of the act approved April twenty-nine,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four," increasing the
compensation of inspectors of customs in certain
porta," be extended to July fit st, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six.
Sec. 6. Jhid be it further enacted, That no part
of the money appropriated either by this act or
former acts, shall be applied to the payment of
any claim for constructive mileage on account of
any extra session of either House of Congress.
Sec. 7. Jind be it further enacted, That the ap-
propriations hereinbefore made for the Congres-
sional Globe shall be upon the condition that
hereafter the proceedings of Congress shall be
published in the Daily Globe of the day subse-
quent to the day such proceedings were had, and
delivered to both Houses at their time of meeting
—this to take effect at the next session of Con-
gress; but the publishers of the Congressional
Globe shall not, however, be lequired to publish
dally more than forty columnsof the proceedings
of the two Houses of Congress, and any speeches
not actually delivered in either House shall be
postponed until same can be published with-
out increasing the extent of the proceedings be-
yond forty columns.
Sec. 8. Jhulbe. it further enacted^ That the fol-
lowing sums be, and the same are hereby, appro-
priated, to supply deficiencies m the appropiia-
tions for the fiscal year ending the thirtieth of
June,eighteen hundred and sixty-five, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated :
For office furniture, carpeting, preserving files,
And miscellaneous items in the officcof theThird
Auditor, five thousand dollars.
For stationery for the Treasury Department
and its several bureaus, twenty-five thousand
dollais.
For fuel, labor, light, and miscellaneous items
for the Tieasury building, including the exten-
sion, twenty thousand dollars.
For contingent expenses under the act of Au-
gust sixth, eighteen hundred and foi ty-six, for the
collection, safe-keeping, transfer, and disburse-
ment of the public revenue, provided that no part
of suul sum shall be expended for clerical services,
fifty thousand dollars.
For compensation to clcrks in ofllcc of the sur-
veyor general in California for the year ending
the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-
thieo, one thousand three hundred and fifty dol-
lar.
For hire of carts on the public grounds, two
hundred and thirty-two dolfais.
For the support, clothing, and medical treat-
ment of the insane of the Army and Navy and the
/evenue-cutler service, and of the District of Co-
lumbia, at thu hospital for the insane in said Dis-
trict, thirty thousand dollars.
For repairs of the navy-yard bridge, to enable
the Commissioner of Public Buildings to ercct a
new draw, one thousand dollars.
For compensation of cleiks in the Bureau of
Military Justice, viz: one of class four, one of
class three, one of class two,and twoof class one,
eeven thousand two hundred dollars.
For stat jonery, rent of office, hue of watchmen,
and miscellaneous Hems in the office of the Com-
missary General, five thousand dollars.
For stationery and miscellaneous items in the
c*iicc of the Paymaster General, six thousand
dotiais.
For stationery, blank books, and miscellaneous
itpms in the office of the Bureau of Military Jus-
tice, one thousand five bundled dolhurf.
For labor, Jut 1, lights, and miscellaneous items
in the War Department, fifteen thousand dollars.
For fuel, compensation of firemen, and miscel-
laneous items (or the building comer of F and
Seventeenth streets, six thousand dollars.
For reimbursing the appropriation for expenses
of collecting the revenue from customs, the amount
heretofore transferred from that fund to the ap-
propriation for expenses of a national loan, under
act of March third, eighteen hundred and iiine,
two million dollars.
For supplying a deficiency in the fund for Jie
relief of sick and disabled seamen, one hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
For refunding to the Treasury extension tlu
amount of payments made for furniture, sixteen
thousand nine hundred and eleven dollars and
fifty-three cents.
For furniture, carpets, and miscellaneous items
for the Treasury building, fifteen thousand dol-
'ars* • i-i
For deficiency for pay of physician, blacksmith
and assistant, farmer, and carpenter for each of
the four reservations in California, nine thousand
six hundred dollars.
For armament of fortifications, nine hundred
thousand dollars.
For current expenses of the ordnance depart-
ment, and for ordnance service, six hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For national armory, six hundred thousand
dollars.
For gunpowder and lead, fourhundred thousand
dollars.
For contingencies of fortifications, eight hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For tool and siege trains, one hundred thousand
dollars.
For Fort Taylor, Key West, Florida, one hun-
dred and twenty-five thousand dollars.
For Fort Jefferson, Gatden Key, Florida, scv-
venty^five thousand dollars.
For the medical and hospital department, three
million two hundred and fifty-one thousand dol-
lars. %
For the quartermaster's department, viz:
For purchase of cavalry and artillery horses,
seven million s^ hundred thousand dollars.
For transportation of the Army, nineteen mil-
lion eight hundred and fifty-six thousand one hun-
dred and thirty-seven dollars.
For regular supplies, twenty million dollars.
For banacka and quarters, two million dollars.
For incidental and contingent expenses, one
million dollars.
For military telegraph, seven hundred and
twenty-five thousand dollars.
For supplies and the expenses of providing for
prisoners of war, two million dollais.
For clothing, camp and garrison equipage,
thirty million dollars.
For pay of the Capitol police, three thousand
eight hundred and eighty-five dollars and seventy-
two cents.
To supply deficiencies in the contingent ex-
penses of the House of Representatives,
viz:
For folding documents, twenty-five thousand
dollars.
For fuel and lights, including pay of engineer,
ten thousand dollais.
For miscellaneous items, twenty-four thousand
four hundred and five dollars and fifty-two cents.
For stationery p six thousand dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
the payment of salaries in the Bureau of the
Comptroller of the Currency, twelve thousand
dollars.
To supply deficiency in the appropriation for
Capitol police, to be added to the contingent fund
of the Senate, two thousand nine hundred and
fourteen dollars and twenty-eight cents.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
the public printing, onehundred and eighty thou-
sand dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
paper for the public printing, four hundred and
fifty thousand dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
the public binding, ninety thousand dollais.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
compensation to the reporters of the Congres-
sional Globe, eight hundred dollars.
To supply a deficiency for compensation of
clerks in the Denver branch mint, four hundred
and fifty dollars.
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation
for the branch mint at San Francisco, one hun-
dred and thirty-four thousand eight hundred and
eighty-nine dollars and sixty-eight cents.
navy department.
Bureau of Navigation:
For binnacles, binnacle lamps, arid alidades;
for bunting, muslin, and sewing materials; for
ensigns, jacks, distinctive flags and marks, sig-
nal flags and foreign flags, and for making flags of
all kinds; for logs, log-lines, log-reels, log-slates,
log-paper, log-books, and sarul glasses; forkads,
lead-reels, lead-lines, armings for leads, and sound-
ing cups, and for signal apparatus other than sig-
nal flags, one hundred and twenty-five thousand
dollars.
For freight and transportation of navigation
Aiateiials, instruments, books, and stores; for
postage on public letters; for telegraphing for pro-
posals; for packing-boxes and materials; for blank
books, forms, and stationery at navigation offices;
for maps, drawing, and models; and for incidental
expenses not applicable to any other appropria-
tion, three thousand dollars.
For the purchase of nautical and astronomical
instruments, nautical books, maps, and charts,
and for repairs of instruments, and for binding
and backing booksand charts, one hundred thou-
sand dollars.
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting:
For fuel for the Navy, and for the transporta-
tion and expenses thereof, five million three hun-
dred and sixty-seven thousand four hundred dol-
lars.
For equipment of vessels, five hundred thou-
sand dollais.
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing:
For provisions, one million five hundred thou-
sand dollars.
For clothing, seven hundred thousand dollars.
For a gold medal to Cornelius Vanderbilt, pur-
suant to a joint resolution approved January
twenty-eight, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
three thousand dollars.
And the sum of forty-three thousand dollars is
heieby appropriated to be added to the contingent
fund of the House of Representatives for the pur-
pose of paying such contingent expenses as may
be directed by resolution of the House.
Approved, March £, 1865.
Chap. LXXIV.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Naval Service for the year ending June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they
are hereby, appropriated, to be paid out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, for the year ending the thirtieth of June,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six:
For pay of commission, warrant, and petty
officers and seamen, including the engineer corps
of the Navy, twenty-three million three hundred
and twenty-seven thousand seven hundied and
twenty-two dollars and fifty cents.
For the completion and repair of vessels of the
Navy, twenty-four million five hundred and thirty
thousand dollars.
For the purchase of hemp and other materials
for the Navy, five hundred and seventy thousand
dollars.
For fuel for the Navy, and for the transporta-
tion and expenses thereof, seven million six hun-
dred and eighty thousand dollars.
For bounties to seamen, one million dollars.
For the equipment of vessels in the Navy,
viz:
For the purchase of various articles of equip-
ment, viz: canvas, leather, iron, cables and
anchors, oil, furniture, galleys, and stores, and
for the payment of labor on articles manufactured
in the navy-yard, and for outfit stores in the mas-
ters', boatswains', and sail makers'department of
vessels, five million eight hundred thousand dol-
lars.
For provisions for commission, warrant, and
petty officers and seamen, including engineers and
marinesattached to vessels forsea servicc, twelve
million nine hundred and twenty-three thousand
two hundred and eighty dollars and seventy-five
cents.
