1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■18?
Laivs of the United States.
38th Cong....2d
For the construction, repair, wear and tear of
machinery of vessels in commission, seventeen
million one hundred and forty-five thousand dol-
lars.
For surgeons' necessaries and appliances for
the sick and hurt of the Navy, including the Coast
Survey, and Engineer and Marine corps, two
hundred and tweiuy-seven thousand five hundred
dollars.
For ordnance and ordnance stores, including
labor and incidental expenses, eight million three
hundred thousand dollars.
For navigation apparatus and supplies, and for
purposes incidental to navigation, four hundred
thousand dollars.
For clothing for the Navy, one million dollars.
For contingent expenses of the Navy, two hun-
dred and fifty thousand dollars.
Bureau of Yards and Docks:
For contingent expenses that may accrue for
the following purposes, viz: For freight and trans-
portation; for printing, advertising, and station-
ery; for books, maps, models, and drawings; for
the purchase and repair of fire engines; for ma-
chinery of every description, and patent right to
use the same; for repairs of steam engines and at-
tendance; for purchase and maintenance of oxen
and horses, and driving teams; for carts, timber-
wheels, and workmen'stools of every description
for navy-yard purposes; for telegrams and post-
age of letters on public service; for furniture for
Governmentofficesand houses; for coal sand other
fuel; for candles, oil, and gas; for cleaning and
clearing up yards; for flags, awnings, and pack-
ing-boxes; for pay of watchmen; for incidental
labor at navy-yards not applicable to any other
appropriation; for rent of landing at Portsmouth,
New Hampshire; for tolls and ferriages; for water
tax; and for rent of stores and rendezvous, one
million seven hundred and sixty thousand dollars.
Bureau of Navigation:
For contingent expenses of the Bureau of Nav-
igation, viz:
For freight and transportation of navigation
materials, instruments, books, and stores; for
postage on public letters; for telegraphing on
public business; for advertising for proposals; for
packing-boxes and materials; for blank books,
forms, and stationery at navigation offices; for
maps, charts, drawings, and models; and for in-
cidental expenses not applicable to any other ap-
propriation, five thousand dollars.
Bureau of Construction and Repair:
For contingent and incidental expenses, viz:
For postage, drawings, and transportation of
materials, seventy-five thousand dollars.
Bureau of Steam Engineering:
For contingent expenses, viz:
Fof transportation of macerials, printing, sta-
tionery, experiments, advertising, books, draw-
ings, models, postage, and incidental expenses,
eighty-five thousand dollars.
Bureau of Provisions and Clothing:
For contingent expenses, viz:
For candles, freight to foreign stations, trans-
portation from station to station within the United
Slates,cooperage, pay of assistants to inspectors,
advertising for proposals, printing paymasters'
blanks, and stationery for cruising vessels, six
hundred thousand dollars.
Bureau of Medicine and Surgery:
For contingent expenses of .the Bureau of Med-
icine and Surgery, seventy-five thousand dollars.
MARINE CORPS.
For pay of officers, non-commissioned officers,
musicians, privates, clerks, messengers, steward
and nurse, and servants; for rations and clothing
for officers'servants; additional rationsto officers
for five years' service; for undrawn clothing anil
rations, and bounties for reenlistments, one mil-
lion and forty thousand eight hundred and sixty-
five dollars and forty-five cents.
For provisions, one hundred and sixty-nine
thousand nine hundred and seven dollars and fifty
cents.
For clothing, three hundred and twenty-eight
thousand five hundred and twelve dollars.'
For fuel, thirty-two thousand six hundred and
twenty-six dollars and seventy-five eents.
For military stores, viz: pay of mechanics,
repair of arms, purchase of accouterments, ord-
nance stores, flags, drums, fifes, and other instru-
ments, sixteen thousand dollars.
For transportation of officers, their servants,
troops, and expenses of recruiting, twenty-five
thousand dollars.
For repairs of barracks, and rent of offices
where there are no public buildings, fifteen thou-
sand dollars.
For contingencies, viz: freight, ferriage, toll,
cartage, wharfage; purchase and repair of boats;
compensation to judge advocates; per diem for
attending courts-martial, courts of inquiry, and
for constant labor; house rent in lieu of quarters;
burial of deceased marines; printing, stationery,
postage, telegraphing; apprehension of deserters;
oil, candles,gas; repairs of gas and water fixtures;
water rent, forage, straw, barrack furniture; fur-
niture for officers' quarters; bed sacks, wrap-
ping-paper, oil-cloth, crash, rope, twine, spades,
shovels, axes, picks, carpenters' tools; keep of a
horse for the messenger; pay of matron, washer-
woman, and porter at the hospital headquarters;
repairs to fire engine; purchase and repair of en-
gine hose; purchase of lumber for benches, mess
tables, and bunks; repairs to public carryall;
purchase and repair of harness; purchase and
repair of hand-carts and wheelbarrows; scaven-
gering; purchase and repair of galleys; cooking
stoves, ranges; stoves where there are no grates;
gravel for parade grounds; repair of pumps; fur-
nituiefor staff and commanding officeis' offices;
brushes, brooms, buckets, paving, and for other
purposes, sixty thousand dollars.
NAYT-YARDS.
Portsmouth, New Hampshire.
For reservoir, gutters, oakum, store, siding-
mill, extension of ship-house R; railway for float-
ing dock; machinery and tools; grading gutters
and drains; completing plumbers', coppersmiills',
aftd tin shops; quay walls; completing mooring
piers; completingextension of ship-houseS; two
launching ships [slips]; and for repairs of all
kinds, three hundred and sixteen thousand two
hundred and fifty dollars.
Boston.
For addition to second story of ropewalk, two
building slips, one set spinning preparation and
repairs of ropewalk machinery, tar pit, and for
repairs of all kinds, two hundred and fifty-four
thousand five hundred dollars.
For completion of joiners' building, twenty-
five thousand dollars.
New York.
For continuing quay wall; receiving store grad-
ing and filling; drains, paving, and flagging; mus-
ter office addition; completing new foundery; con-
tinuation of machine shop and iron-plating shop;
launching ways,ship-house D; launching ways
for steamers; joiners' shop addition; water-pipes
and hydrants; general increase of machinery in
the yard; and repairs of all kinds, eight hundred
and ninety-five thousand seven hundred and sixty-
three dollars.
Philadelphia.
For boat shop; machine shop; saw-mill; store-
house; plumbers'shop; crib foundation for launch-
ing ways; brick wall around new purchase; bulk-
head at new purchase; repairs of dry dock; repairs
of dredger; filling on new purchase; and repairs
of all kinds, two hundred and eighty-five thou-
sand six hundred and eighty dollars.
Washington.
For completing copper-rolling mill extension;
completing storehouse for provisions; new cradle
for railway; coal depotand machinery; machinery
and tools; flagging and draining; dredgmgehan-
nels; rail tracks; and repairs of all kinds, two
hundred and eighteen thousand three hundred dol-
lars.
Norfolk.
For repairs of boat shed number twenty-nine;
repairs of timber sheds number thirty and thirty-
one; repairs of naval store number fifteen; repairs
of stables; repairs of carpenters'shop; repairs of
buildings number nineteen and thirty-seven; ma-
chinery and tools; dredging channels; and repairs
of all kinds, four hundred and sixty-eight thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
Pensacola.
For repairs of machine shop, storehouse, com-
mandant's quarters, Commander's quarters, offi-
cers' quarters, and repairs of all kinds, one hun-
dred and seventy-one thousand dollars.
Mare Island.
Forcontinuinggrad ing and paving; foundery es-
tablishment; completing iron-w harf cranes; smiilt-
ery, tools, and machinery; cistern and holder for
gas-works; saw-mill machinery; eoal house and
wharf; sea-wall continuation; guaid-house; com-
pleting one half of storehouse; and repairs of all
kinds, two hundred and eight thousand eighthun-
dred dollars.
Sackett's Harbor.
For repairs of all kinds, two thousand dollars.
HOSPITALS.
Boston.
For repairs of buildings, roads, fences, painting
hospital, enlargement of cemetery, glazing, paint-
ing, furniture, and miscellaneous items, eight
thousand five hundred dollars.
New York.
For repairs of hospital buildings, appendages,
roads, fences, walls, stables, painting, glazing in
hospital and laboratory, and labor on cemetery
and grounds, fourteen thousand dollars.
Washington, District of Cohmbia.
For completing building authorized by act of
March fourteenth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, thirty thousand dollars.
Norfolk.
For plastering, glazing, painting, repair of
wharves and bridges, repair of cemetery inclos-
ure, gas fixtures, and flagging, twelve thousand
five hundred dollars.
Pensacola.
For extension of building, inclosures, rooms
for distributing stores, and for general repairs and
improvements, ten thousand five hundred dollars.
Memphis.
For repairs and improvements, seven thousand
dollars.
New Orleans.
For repairs and improvements, five thousand
dollars.
MAGAZINES.
Portsmouth.
Forsbot beds; quay walls; boiler,boiler room,
and machinery; grading grounds; a d repairs of
all kinds, forty-seven thousand four hundred and
twenty-five dollars.
Boston.
For repairs of magazine, shell houses, wharf
at Chelsea, and powder-boat; repairs of ordnance
store, shell houses, gun and shot park at the yard-;
repairs-of niter depot at Maiden; and tools lor
gun-carriage shop, six thousand three hundred
and seventy-eight dollars.
New York.
For ordnance machinery, and repairs of all
kinds, fifty-five thousand dollars.
Philadelphia.
For two stone magazine buildings, fifteen,thou-
sand six hundred and ninety-six dollars.
Washington, District of Columbia.
For repairs to buildings in ordnance yard, re-
pairs to branch magazine, cleaning, and improv-
ing ordnance yard, erecting temporary buildings,
additional ordnance machinery, and continuing
work on new oidnance foundery, eighty-seven
thousand dollars.
Norfolk.
For improvements and repairs of buildings at
magazine Fort Norfolk, ten thousand dollars.
Mare Island.
For continuing shell house and powder maga-
zine at north end of yard, building a secorid shell
house at magazine, continuing preparations for
gun park, tools and machines for ordnance shop,
repairs to building number seventy, occupied by
