1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13$
Laws of the United States.
38th Cong....2d
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident. is hereby authorized to enlist or organize,
out of troops already in the service, six regiments
of volunteer engineers, to be organized in accord-
ance with existing laws, to have the same pay and
allowances ofengineer troops of the regular Army,
and to be subjected to the rules' and articles of
war.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident is hereby authorized to enlist two additional
companies to be added to the regiment of volun-
teer engineers raised under the provisions of an
act approved May twentieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, entitled "An act to organize a
regiment of veteran volunteers," and said regi-
ment shall be considered one of the regiments
authorized in the preceding section of this act.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever a regiment in the regular Army is reduced
below the minimum number, no officer shall be
appointed in such a regiment beyond those neces-
sary for the command of such reduced number.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That officers
by brevet in the regular Army shall receive the
same pay and allowance as brevet officers of the
same grade or rank in the volunteer service, and
no more.
Sec. 10. Andbe it farther enacted, That the true
construction of the sixth section of the "act re-
specting the organization of the Army, and for
other purposes,"approved August twenty-third,
eighteen hundred and forty-two, and of all laws
relating in any way to the allowance of double
rations to officers, authorizes such allowance to the
following officers, and to no others whatever: to
the General-in-Chief commanding the armies of the
United States; to each general officer command-
ing in chief a separate army actually in the field;
to each general officercommandingageographical
division embracing one or more military depart-
ments; and to each officer commanding a military
geographical department;and that any general or-
der or regulation or usage allowing double rations
to a chief of staff or any other officer than those
above mentioned is illegal and void.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the
bounty of one hundred dollars, provided by pres-
ent laws to be paid to the heirs of volunteers killed
in battle, shall be extended to the widow if living,
or if she be dead to the children of any volunteer
who shall have been or may be killed in the ser-
vice, whether he shall have enlisted for two years
or for a less period of time.
Sec. 12. Jind be it further enacted, Thatincase
any officer of the military or naval service who
may be hereafter dismissed by authority of the
President shall make an application in writing for
a trial, setting forth under oath that he has been
wrongfully and unjustly dismissed, the President
shall, as soon as the necessities of the public ser-
vice may permit, convene a court-martial to try
such officer on the charges on which he was dis-
missed. And if such court-martial shall not
award dismissal or death as the punishment of
such officer, the order of dismissal shall be void.
And if the court-martial aforesaid shall not be
convened for the trial of such officer within six
months from the presentation of his application
for trial, the sentence of dismissal shall be void.
Sec. 13. Jind be it further enacted, That where
any revised enrollment in any congressional or
draft district has been obtained or made prior to
any actual drawing of names from the enrollment
lists, the quota of such district may be adjusted
and apportioned to such revised enrollment in-
stead of being applied to or based upon the enroll-
ment as it may have stood before the revision.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That here-
after all persons mustered in[to] the military or
naval service, whether as volunteers, substitutes,
representatives, or otherwise, shall be credited to
the State and to the ward, township, precinct, or
other enrollment sub-district where such persons
belong by actual residence, (if such persons have
an actual residence within the United States,) and
where such persons were or shall be enrolled, (if
liable to enrollment;) and it is hereby made the
duty of the Provost Marshal General to make
such rules and give such instructions to the sev-
eral provost marshals, boards of enrollment, and
mustering officers as shall be necessary for the
faithful enforcement of the provisions of this sec-
tion, to the end that fair and just credit shall be
given to every section of the country: Provided,
That in any call for troops hereafter no county,
town, township, ward, precinct, or election dis-
trict shall have credit except for men actually
furnished on said call or the preceding call by
said county, town, township, ward, precinct, or
election district, and mustered into the military
or naval service on the quota thereof.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That in com-
puting quotas hereafter, credit shall be given to
the several States, districts, and sub-districts for
all men furnished from them, respectively, and
not heretofore credited, during the present rebel-
lion, for any period of service of not less than
th,ree months, calculating the number of days for
which such service was furnished, and reducing
the same to years: Provided, That such credits
shall not be applied to the call for additional
troops made by the President on the twenty-first
day of December, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four.
Sec. 16. Andbe it further enacted, That persons
who have been, or may hereafter be, drafted,
under the provisions of the several acts to which
this is an amendment, for the term of one year,
and who have actually furnished,ormay actually
furnish, acceptable substitutes (not liable to draft)
for the term of three years, shall be exempt from
military duty during the time for which such sub-
stitutes shall not be liable to draft, not exceeding
the time for which such substitutes shall have
been mustered into the service, anything in the
act of February twenty-fourth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, to the contrary notwithstanding.
Sec. 17. Andbe it further enacted, That any re-'
cruiling agent, substitute broker, or other person
who, for pay or profit, shall enlist,or cause to be
enlisted, as a volunteer or substitute,any insane
person, or convict, or person under indictment for
a felony, or who is held to bail to answer for a
felony, or person in a condition of intoxication,
or a deserter from the military or naval service,
or any minor between the ages of sixteen and
eighteen years, without the consent of his parents
or guardian, or any minor under the age of six-
teen years, knowing him, in either case before
mentioned^ to be such, or who shall defraud or
illegally deprive any volunteer or substitute of
any portion of the State, local, or United States
bounty, to which he may be entitled, shall, upon
conviction in any court of competent jurisdiction,
be fined not exceeding one thousand dollars, nor
less than two hundred dollars, or imprisoned not
exceeding two years and not less than three
months, or both, in the discietion of the court
aforesaid.
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That any
officer who shall muster into the military or na-
val service of the United States any deserter from
said service, or insane person, or person in a con-
dition of intoxication, or any minor between the
ages of sixteen and eighteen years, without the
consent of his parents or guardian, or any minor
under the age of sixteen years, knowing him to
be such, shall, upon conviction by any court-
martial, be dishonorably dismissed the service of
the United States.
Sec. 19. And be itfurther enacted, That in every
case where a substitute is furnished to take the
place of an enrolled or drafted man, and it is
shown by evidence that shall be satisfactory to
the Secretary of Warthatsuch substitute was, at
the time of his enlistment, known by the party
furnishing him to be non compos mentis, or in
a condition of intoxication, or under conviction
or indictment for any offense of the grade of fel-
ony at the common law, or to have been guilty
of a previous act of desertion unsatisfied by par-
don or punishment, or by reason of any existing
infirmity or ailment, physically incapable of per-
forming the ordinary duties of a soldier in actual
service in the ranks, or minor between the ages
of sixteen and eighteen years, without the con-
sent of his parent or guardian, or a minor under
the age of sixteen years, it shall be the duty of
the 3?rovost Marshal General, on advice of the
fact, to report the same to the provost maishal
of the proper district; and if such person so en-
listed and incapable shall have been, since the
passage of this act, mustered into the service as
a substitute for a person liable to draft and not
actually drafted, the name of the person so liable
who furnished such substitute shall be again
placed on the list, and he shall be subject to draft
thereafter as though no such substitute had been
furnished by him; and if such substitute so en-
listed and incapable as aforesaid shall have been,
since the passage of this act, mustered into the
service as a substitute for aperson actually drafted,
then it shall be the duty of the Provost Marshal
General to direct the provost marshal of the dis-
trict immediately to notify the person who fur-
nished such substitute that he is held to service in
the place of such substitute, and he shall stand iii
the same relation and be subject to the same liabil-
ity as before the furnishing of such substitute.
Sec. 20. And be itfurther enacted, That incase
any substitute shall desert from the Army, and
it shall appear by evidence satisfactory to the Sec-
retary of War that the party furnishing such sub-
stitute shall have, in any way, directly or indi-
rectly, aided or abetted such desertion, or to have
been privy to any intention on the part of such
substitute to desert, then such person shall be im-
mediately placed in the Army, and shall serve for
the period for which he was liable to draft, such
service to commence at the date df the desertion
of the substitute.
Sec. 21. And be it further enacted, That, in ad-
dition to the other lawful penalties of the crime
of desertion from the military or naval service,
all persons who have deserted the military or
naval service of the United States, who shall not
return to said service, or report themselves to a
provost marshal within sixty days after the proc-
lamation hereinafter mentioned, shall be deemed
and taken to have voluntarily relinquished and for-
feited their rights of citizenship and their rights
to become citizens; and such deserters shall be for-
ever incapable of holding any office of trust or
profit under the United States, or of exercising
any rights of citizens thereof; and all persons who
shall hereafter desert the military or naval ser-
vice, and all persons who, being duly enrolled,
shall depart the jurisdiction of the district in which
he is enrolled, or go beyond the limits of the
United States, with intent to avoid any draftinto
the military or naval service, duly ordered, shall
be liable to the penalties of this section. And the
President is hereby authorized and required forth-
with, on the passage of thisact, to issue his proc-
lamation setting forth the provisions of this
section, in which proclamation the President is
requested to notify all deserters returning within
sixty days as aforesaid that they shall be pardoned
on condition of returning to their regiments and
companies or to such other organizations as they
may be assigned to, until they shall have served
for a period of time equal to their original term
of enlistment.
Sec. [22.] And be itfurther enacted, That the
third section of the act entitled " An act [further]
to regulate and provide for the enrolling and call-
ing out the national forces, and for other pur-
poses," approved July fourth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, be, and the same is hereby, re-
pealed.
Sec. [23.] And be itfurther enacted, That any
person or persons enrolled in any sub-district
may, after notice of a draft, and before the same
shall have taken place, cause to be mustered into
the service of the United States such number of
recruits, not subject to draft, as they may deem
expedient, which recruits shall stand to the credit
of the persons thus causing them to be mustered
in, and shall be taken as substitutes for such per-
sons, or so many of them as may be drafted, to
the extent of the number of such recruits, and in
the order designated by the principals, at tho time
such recruits are thus as aforesaid mustered in.
Sec. [24.] And be it further enacted, That sec-
tion fifteen of the act approved February twenty-
fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, entitled
" An act for enrolling and calling out the national
forces, and for other purposes," be, and the same
is hereby,amended by inserting after the words
" any civil magistrate," tho words " or any per-
son authorized by law to administer oaths."
Sec. [25.] Andbe it farther enacted, That the
Secretai y of Wat is heieby authorized to detail
one or more of the employes of the War De-
partment for the purpose of administering the
oaths required by law in the settlement of officers'
