136
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
38th Cong. ... 2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
accounts for clothing, camp, and garrison equip-
age, quartermaster's stores, and ordnance, which
oaths shall be administered without expense to
the parties taking them, and shall be as binding
upon the persons taking the same, and if falsely-
taken, shall subject them to the same penalties,
as if the same were administered by a magistrate
or justice of the peace.
Sec. [26.] Jind beit further enacted, That acting
assistant surgeons, contract surgeons, and sur-
geons and commissioners on the enrolling boards,
while in the military service of the United States,
shall hereafter be exempt from all liability to be
drafted under the provisions of any act for en-
rolling and calling out the national forces.
Sec. [27.] Jind be it further enacted, That this
act shall take effect from and after its nassage:
.Provided, That nothing herein contained shall
operate to postpone the pending draft, or inter-
fere with the quotas assigned therefor.
Approved, March 3,1865.
Chap. LXXX.—An Act amendatory of certain
Acts imposing Duties upon Foreign Importa-
tions.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That section six of an act entitled "An
act to increase the duties on imports, and for other
purposes," approved June thirty, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, be amended, so that para-
graphs second, third, and fourth, of section six
of said act,shall read as follows:
Second. On all manufactures of cotton (except
jeans, denims, drillings, bed-tickings, ginghams,
plaids, cottonades, pantaloon.stufT, and goods of
like description) not bleached, colored, stained,
painted, or printed, and not exceeding one hun-
dred threads to the square inch, counting the warp
and filling, and exceeding m weight five ounces
per square yard, five cents per square yard; if
bleached, five cents and a half per square yard;
if colored,stained, painted, or printed,five cents
andahalf per square yard, and, inaddition thereto,
ten per centum ad valorem. On finer and lighter
goods of like description, not exceeding two hun-
dred threads to thcsquare inch, counting the warp
and filling, unbleached, five cents per square yard;
if bleached, five and a half cents per square yard;
if colored, stained, painted, or printed, five and
a half cents per square yard, and, in addition
thereto, twenty per centum ad valorem. On goods
of like description, exceeding two hundred threads
to the square inch, counting the warp and filling,
unbleached, five cents per square yard; if bleached,
five and a half cents per square yard; if colored,
Btaineii, painted, or printed, five and a half cents
I'er square yard, and, in addition thereto, twenty
per centum ad valorem.
Third. On all cotton jeans, denims, drillings,
bed-tickings, ginghams, plaids, cottonades, pan-
taloon stuffs,and goodsof like description,or for
similar use,if unbleached, and notexceeding one
hundred threads to the squaie inch, counting the
warp and filling, and exceeding live ounces to the
square yard, six cents per square yard ; if bleached,
six cents and a half per square yard; if colored,
stained, painted, or printed, six cents and a half
per square yard, and, in addition thereto, ten per
centum ad valorem. On liner or lighter goods
of like description, not exceeding two hundred
threadsto the squaremch,counting the warp and
filling, if unbleached, six cents per square yard;
if bleached, six and a half cents per square yard; if
colored, stained, painted, or printed, six and a half
cents per square yard, and, in addition thereto, fif-
teen per centum ad valorem. On goods of lighter
description,exceeding two hundred threads to the
square inch, counting the warp and filling, if un-
bleached, seven cents per square yard; if bleached,
seven and a half cents per square yard; if colored,
stained, painted, or printed, seven and a half cents
per square yard, and, in addition thereto, fifteen
per centum ad valorem: Provided, That upon all
plain woven cotton goods, not included in the fore-
going schedule, unbleached, valued at over six-
teen cents per square yard, bleached, valued at
over twenty cents per square yard, colored, val-
ued at over twenty-five cents Persquare yard,and
cotton jeans, denims, and drillings, unbleached,
valued at over twenty cents per square yard, and
all other cotton goods of every description, the
value of which shall exceed twenty-five cents per
square yard, there shall be levied, collected, and
paid a duty of thirty-five per centum ad valorem:
•find provided further, Thatno cottongoods having
more than two hundred threads to the square inch,
counting the warp and filling, shall be admitted
to a less rate of duty than is provided for goods
which are of that number of threads.
Fourth. On spool thread of cotton, six cents
per dozen spools, containing on each spool not
exceeding one hundred yards of thread, and, in
addition thereto, thirty per centum ad valorem;
exceeding one hundred yards, for every additional
hundred yards of thread on eqch spool or frac-
tional part thereof, in excess of one hundred yards,
six cents per dozen, and thirty-five per centum
ad valorem. On cotton thread or yarn when ad-
vanced beyond single yarn, by twisting two or
more strands together, if notwountf upon spools,
four (4) cents per skein or hank of eight hundred
and forty (840) yards, and thirty per cent, ad
valorem.
Sec.2. .Jlndbeit further enacted, Thatfromand
after the day when this act takes effect, in addition
to the duties heretofore imposed by law on the
importation of the articles mentioned in this sec-
tion, there shall be levied, collected, and paid the
following duties and rates of duty, that is to say:
On brandy, rum, gin, and whisky, and on cor-
dials, liquors, [liqueurs,] arrack, absynthe, and
all other spirituous liquors and spirituous bever-
ages, fifty cents per gallon,of first proof and less
strength, and shall be increased in proportion for
any greater strength that [than] the strength of
first proof. On spun silk for filling in skins or
cops, ten per centum ad valorem. On iron bars
for railroads or inclined planes, ten cents per one
hundred pounds. On wrought-iron tubes, one
cent per pound.
Sec. 3. Jind be it further enacted, That from and
after this act takes effect, in lieu of the duties here-
tofore imposed by law on the importation of the
articles mentioned in this section, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid the following duties and
lates of duty, that is to say: On cotton, five cents
per pound. On illuminatingoil and naphtha, ben-
zine, and benzole, refined or produced from the
distillation of coal, asphaltum, shale, peat, petro-
leum, or rock-oil, or other bituminous substances
used for like purposes, forty cents pergallon. On
crude petroleum, or rock-oil, twenty cents per
gallon; on crude coal-oil,fifteen cents per gallon.
On tobacco stems, fifteen cents per pound. On
ready-made clothing of silk, or of which silk shall
be a component material of chief value, sixty per
centum ad valorem. On quicksilver, fifteen per
centum ad valorem.
Sec. 4. 'Jlni be it further enacted, That section
fifteen of an tict entitled "An act increasing tem-
porarily the duties on imports, and forother pur-
poses," approved July fourteen, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, be, and the same hereby is,
amended so as to impose a tax or tonnage duty of
thirty cents per ton, in lieu of "ten cents," as
therein mentioned: Provided, That the receipts of
vessels paying tonnage duty shall not be subject
to the tax provided in section one hundred and
throe of "An act to provide internal revenue to
support (he Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
nor by any act amendatory thereof: Providedfur-
ther, That no ship, vessel, or steamer, having a
license to trade between different districts of the
United States, or to carry on the bank, whale, or
other fisheries, or on [nor] any ship, vessel, or
steamer to or from any port or place in Mexico,
the British provinces of North America, or any
of the West India islands, or in all these trades,
shall be required to pay the tonnage duty, con-
templated by this act, more than once a year.
Sec. 5. Jind be it further enacted, Thatthe term
"statuary," as used in the laws now in force im-
posing duties on foreign importations, shall be
understood to include professional productions
of a statuary or of a sculptor only.
Sec. 6. Jind be itfarther enacted, That there shall
be hereafter collected and paid on all goods, wares,
and merchandise of the growth or produce of coun-
tries [east] of the Cape of Good Hope, (except
raw cotton and raw silk, as reeled from the cocoon,
or not further advanced than tram, thrown, or or-
ganzine,) when imported from places west of the
Cape of Good Hope, a duty of ten per centum ad
valorem, in addition to the duties imposed on any
such article when imported directly from the place
or places of their growth or production.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That in all cases
where there is or shall be imposed any ad valorem
rate of duty on any goods, wares, or merchandise
imported into the United States, and in all cases
where the duty imposed by law shall be regulated
by, or directed to be estimated or based upon, the
value of the square yard, or of any specified quan-
tity or parcel of such goods, wares, or merchan-
dise, it shall be the duty of the collector, within
whose district the same sh^ll be imported or en-
tered,to cause the actual market value, or whole-
sale price thereof, at the period of the exportation
to the United States, in the principal markets of
the country from which the same shall have been
imported into the United States, to be appraised,
and such appraised value shall be considered the
value upon which duty shall be assessed. That
it shall be lawful for the owner, consignee, or
agent of any goods, wares, or merchandise, which
shall have been actually purchased, or procured
otherwise than by purchase^ at the time, and not
afterwards, when he shall produce his original in-
voice, or invoices, to the collector and make and
verify his written entry of his goods, wares, or
merchandise, as provided by section thirty-six
of the act of March two, seventeen hundred and
ninety-nine, entitled "An act to regulate the col-
lection of duties on imports and tonnage," to make
such addition in the entry to the cost or value
given in the invoice as in his opinion may raise
the same to the actual market value or wholesale
price of such goods, wares, or merchandise, at
the period of exportation to the United States, in
the principal markets of the country from which
the same shall have been imported; and it shall
be the duty of the collector, within whose district
the same may be imported or entered, to cause
such actual market value or wholesale price to be
appraised in accordance with the provisions of
existing laws, and if such appraised value shali
exceed by ten per centum or more the value so
declared in the entry, then, in addition to the du-
ties imposed by law on the same, there shall be
levied, collected, and paid a duty of twenty per
centum ad valorem on such appraised value: Pro-
vided, That the duty shall not be assessed upon an
amount less than the invoice or entered value, any '
act of Congress to the contrary notwithstanding:
And provided further, That the sections twenty-
third and twenty-fourth of the act approved June
thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, enti-
tled "An act to increase duties on imports, and for
other purposes," and all acts and parts of acts re-
quiring duties to be assessed upon commissions,
brokerage,costs oftransportalion, shipment, tran-
shipment, and other like costs and charges in-
curred in placing anygoods, wares, or merchan-
dise on shipboard, and all acts or parts of acts
inconsistent with the provisions of this act, are
hereby repealed.
Sec. 8. Jind be it further enacted, That so much
of an act entitled "An act to authorize protection
to be given to citizens of the United States who
may discover deposits of guano," approved Au-
gust eighteen, eighteen bundled a'nd fifty-six, as
prohibits the export thereof, is hereby suspended
in relation to all persons who have complied with
the provisions of section second of said act for
two years from and after July fourteenth, eighteen
hundred and sixty-five.
Sec. 9. Jind be it further enacted, That this act
shall take effect on and after the first day [of]
April, eighteen hundred and sixty-five.
Sec. 10. Jind be it further enacted, That so much
of sections thirty-nine, forty, forty-one, forty-
two, forty-three, and forty-four of the act entitled
" An act to regulate the [collection of] duties on
imports and tonnage," approved March second,
seventeen hundred and ninety-nine, as requires
the branding or marking and certifying of casks,
chests, vessels, and cases containing distilled spir-
its, or teas, be, and the same is hereby, revived,
to be executed under such rules and regulations
as shall be prescribed by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Sec. 11. Jind be it further enacted, That flax
