1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
13^T
Laws of the United States.
88th Cong....2d Sess.
and hemp machinery and steam agricultural ma-
chinery, as designated in section 21 [twenty-one]
of the act ** to increase duties on imports, and for
other purposes," approved June thirtieth, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-four, may be imported
free from duty for one year from the passage of
this act.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That in all
proceedings brought by the United States in any
court for due recovery as well of duties upon im-
ports alone us of penalties for the non-payment
thereof, the judgment shall recite that the same is
rendered for duties, and such judgment, interest,
and cost shall be payablein the coin by law receiv-
able for duties, and the execution issued on such
judgment shall set forth that the recovery is for
duties, and shall require the marshal to satisfy
the same in the coin by law receivable for duties;
and in case of levy upon and sale of the property
of the judgment debtor, the marshal shall refuse
payment from any purchaser at such sale in any
other money than that specified in the execution.
Sec. 13. And be it farther enacted, That the
eighth section of the act of March twenty-third,
[eight] eighteen hundred and fifty-four, " to ex-
tend the warehousing system by establishing pri-
vate bonded ware houses, and for other purposes,"
which authorized the Secretary of the Treasuiy,
in case of the actual injury or destruction ofgoods,
wares, or merchandise by accidental fire or other
casualty, while in warehouse under bond, &c., to
abate or refund the duties paid or accruing there-
on, be extended so as to include goods, waies,or
merchandise injured or destroyed in like manner
while in the custody of theofficers of thecustoms,
and not in bond, and also to goods, wares, and
merchandise so injured or destroyed after their
arrival within the limits of any port of entry of
the United States, and before the same have been
bonded [landed] under the suspension [supervision]
of the officers of the customs: Provided, That this
act shall apply only to cases arising from and after
its passage, and to cases where the duties have
not already been paid.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. LXXXJ.—An Act making Appropriations
for the Support of the Army for the year ending
thirtieth June, eighteen hundred and sixty-six.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives ofthe United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and the
same arc hereby, appropriated, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for
the support of the Army for the year ending the
thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred andsixty-six:
For expenses of recruiting, transportation of
recruits, and compensation to citizen surgeons
for medical attendance, three hundred thousand
dollars.
For bounties and premiums for the enlistment
of recruits for the regular Army, three hundred
and fifty thousand dollars.
Foi pay of the Army, ten million dollars.
For commutation of officers' subsistence, one
million seven hundred and and forty-seven thou-
sand three hundred and twenty-four dollars.
For commutation of forage for officers' horses,
one hundred and four thousand six hundred dol-
lars.
For payments in lieu of clothing for officers'
servants, eighty-two thousand seven hundred and
sixty dollars.
For payments to discharged soldiers for cloth-
ing not drawn, one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
For pay of volunteers, two hundred million
dollars.
For subsistence in kind for regulars, volun-
teers, and drafted men, ninety-two million seven
hundred and eighty-two thousand and foity-three
dollnis and seventy cents.
For the regular supplies of the quartermaster's
department, consisting of fuel for the officers, en-
listed men, guard, hospitals, storehouses, and
offices; of forage in kind for the horses, mules,
and oxen for the quartermaster's department, at
the several posts and stations, and with the ni mies
in the field; for the hoi sea of the several regiments
of cavalty, the batteries of artillery, and such
companies of infantry as may be mounted, and
for the authorized number of officers'horses when
serving in the field and at the outposts; including
bedding for the animals; of straw for soldiers'
bedding, and of stationery, including blank books
for the quartermaster's department, certificates for
discharged soldiers, blank forms for the pay and
quartermaster's departments; and for the printing
of division and department orders and reports,
fifty million dollars.
For the incidental expenses of the quartermas-
ter's department, consisting of postage on letters
and packages received and sent by officers of the
Army on public service; expenses of courts-mar-
tial, military commissions, and courts of inquiry,
including the additional compensation of judge
advocates, recorders, members, and witnesses,
while on that service; under the act of March six-
teenth, eighteen hundred and two, extra pay to
soldiers employed, under the direction of the quar-
termaster's department, in the erection of bar-
racks, quarters, storehouses, and hospitals; in the
construction of roads, and on other constant labor,
for periods of not less than ten days, under acts
of March second, eighteen hundred and nineteen,
and August fourth, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, including those Employed as clerks at divis-
ion and departmentheadquarters; expenses of ex-
presses to and from the fiontier posts and armies
in the field; of escorts to paymasters and other
disbursing officers and to trains where military
escorts cannor be furnished; expenses of the in-
terment of officers killed in action, or who die
when on duty m the field, or at posts on the front-
iers, or at other posts and places when ordered by
the Secretary of War, and of non-commissioned
officers and soldiers; authorized office furniture;
hire of laborers in the quartermaster's depart-
ment,including the hire ofinterpreters, spies, and
guides for the Army; compensation of clerks to
officers of the quartermaster's department; com-
pensation of forage and wagon masters, author-
ized by the act of July fifth, eighteen hundred and
thirty-eightjfor the apprehension of deserters, and
the expenses incident to their pursuit; and for the
following expenditures required for the several
regiments of cavalry, the batteries of light artil-
lery, and such companies of infantry as may be
mounted, viz: the purchase of traveling forges,
blacksmiths' and shoeing tools, horses and mule
shoes and nails, iron and steel for shoeing, hire of
veterinary surgeons, medicines,for horses and
mules, picket ropes, and for shoeing the horses
of the corps named; also, generally, the proper
and authorized expenses for the movements and
operations of an army not expressly assigned to
any other department, ten million dollars.
For the purchase ofcavalry and artillery horses,
twenty-one million dollars.
For transportation of officers'baggage, five hun-
dred thousand dollars.
For transportation of the Army, including the
baggage of the troops when moving, either by
land or water; of clothing, camp, and garrison
equipage, from the depots at Philadelphia, Cin-
cinnati, and New Yoifc to the several posts and
Army depots, and from thosedepots to the troops
in the field; and of subsistence stores from the
places of purchase, and from the places of delivery
under contract, to such places as the circumstances
of the service may require them to be sent; of
ordnance, or ordnance stores, and small-arms,
from founderies and aimones to the arsenals,
fortifications, frontier posts, and At my depots;
freights, wharfage, tolls, and ferriages; for the
puichase and hire of horses, mules, oxen, and
harness, and the purchase and repair of wagons,
carts, and drays, and of ships and other sea-going
vessels, and boats required for the transpoitation
of supplies and for garrison purposes; for dray-
age andcaitageat the several posts; hire ofteam-
stcrs; transportation of funds for the pay and other
disbursing departments; the expense ot sailing
public transports on the various rivers, the Gulf
of Mexico, and the Atlantic and Pacific; and for
procuring water at such posts as, from their situ-
ation, require it to be brought trom a distance;
and for clearing roads, and removing obstructions
ftom roads, harbors, and rivers, to the extent
which may be required for the actual operations
of the troops in the field, thirty million dollars.
For the hire or commutation of quaiters for
officers on military duty; hire of quarters for
troops; of storehouses for the safe-keeping of mili-
tary stores; of grounds for summer cantonments;
for the construction of temporary huts, hospitals,
and stables, and for repairing public buildingsat
established posts, five million dollars.
For heating and cooking stoves, one hundred
thousand dollars.
For constructing and extending the telegraph
for military purposes, and for expenses in oper-
ating the same, five hundred thousand dollars.
For supplies, transportation, and care of pris-
oners of war, one million dollars.
For clothing for the Army, camp and garrison
equipage, and for expenses of offices and arsenals,
fifty million dollars.
For contingencies of the Army, four hundred
thousand dollars.
For the medical and hospital department, six /
million dollars.
For expenses of the Commanding General's
office, ten thousand dollars.
For the s^ret service, one hundred thousand
dollars.
For armament of fortifications, three million five
hundred thousand dollars.
For the current expenses of the ordnance ser- s
vice, one million two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars.
For ordnance, ordnance stores, and supplies,
including horses, and the purchase and manufac-
ture of Army accouterments and horse equip-
ments for volunteers and regulars, twenty million
dollars.
For the manufacture of arms at the national
armory, three million five hundred thousand dol-
lars.
For repairs, improvements, and new machinery
at the national armory, one hundred thousand
dollars.
For the purchase of gunpowder and lead, two
million five hundred thousand dollars.
For repairs and improvements at arsenals, in-
cluding new and additions to present buildings,
and machinery, tools, and fixtures, five hundred
thousand dollars.
For signal service of the Army, one hundred '
thousand dollars.
For salaries of two clerks in the sig-nal office,
two thousand eight hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it.further enacted, That to supply
a deficiency in the appropriations for the current
fiscal year, for ordnance, ordnancestores^and sup-
plies, including the purchase and manufacture of
arms, accouterments, and horse equipments for
volunteers and regulars, the sum of seven millions
of dollars is hereby appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted, Thatfrom and
after the first day of March, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, and during the continuance of the pres-
ent rebellion, the commutation price of officers'
subsistence shall be fifty cents per ration: Pro-
vided, That said increase shall not apply to the
commutation price of the rations of any officer
above the rank of brevet brigadier general, or of
any officer entitled to commutation for fuel or
quarters.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That all officers
of volunteers now in commission, below the rank
of brigadier general, who shall continue in the
military service to the close of the war, shall be
entitled to receive, upon being mustered out of
said service, three months' pay proper.
Sec. 5. Andbeit farther enacted, Thatcommis-
sioned officers of the Army, serving in the field,
shall hereafter be permitted to purchase rations-
for their own use, on credit, from any commis-
sary of subsistence, at cost prices,and the amount
due for rations so purchased shall be reported
monthly to the Paymaster General, to be deducted
from the payment next following such purchase.
And the Secretary of Wans hereby directed to
issue such orders and regulauonsas he may deem
best calculated to insure the proper observance
hereof.
Sec. 6. Andbeit farther enacted, That the Sec-
retary of War is hereby authorized and directed
to cause tobacco to be furnished to ihe enlisted
men of the Army at cost prices, exclusive of the
cost of transportation, m such quantities as they
may require, not exceeding sixteen ounces pet-
month, and the amount due theiefor shall be
