1865.]
APPENDIX TO TBJEi O0 G®®SSI0NAl4'®r3uQBl.
139
Laws of the United States.
38ek Cons....2d Sess.
of error, or upon appeal, provided the rulings be
duly presented by a bill of exceptions. When
the finding is special, the review may also extend
to the determination of the sufficiency of the facts
found to support the judgment.
Sec . 5. And be it further enacted, That all acts
and parts of acts in conflict with this act be, and
the same are hereby, repealed.
Sec. 0. And be it further enacted, That this act
shall take effect on the first day of June, one thou-
sand eight hundred and sixty-five.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. LXXXVII.—An Act further to amend
an Act entitled "An Act for the Collection of
direct Taxes in the insurrectionary Districts
within the United States, and for other pur-
poses,''approved June seven, eighteen hundred
and sixty-two.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Reprt*
scutativesojthe United States of America in Congress
assembled, That in any case in which a sale of
lands oi tenements has been or shall be made bya
board of tax commissioners, appointed pursuant
to the act of which this is an amendment, and
a certificate of sale issued by the board to the
purchaser or purchasers of said lands or tene-
ments, it shall and may be lawful for the tax com-
missioners to issue,in such form as the Secretary
of the Treasury shall prescribe, a writ, directed
to the marshal of the district in which said lands
or tenements are situated, commanding him to
put the said purchaser or purchasers forthwith
into possession of the said lands or tenements,
and to make return of his proceedings under the
said writ within thirty days to the commissioners,
who shall keep a record of their proceedings in
the matter, and who may, in case of any failure
on the part of the said marshal to execute the first
writ, issue alias and pluries writs, as the circum-
stances] may to [them] seem to require. In case
the marshal of the district shall be unable, either
by himself or by deputy, to execute such writ,
or m case there shall be no marshal of the United
States within the said district at the time of the
issuing of said writ, the same may be executed
and returned by any fit person, to be specially
appointed by the said board of tax commissioners
for the purpose, which appointment shall be in
writing and indorsed in the said writ: Provided,
That where the lands or tenements so sold shall,
at the time of such sale, be occupied by the United
Stales authorities for hospital or other purposes,
the issuing of such writ shall be suspended during
such occupancy, and the purchaser or purchasers
of such lands or tenements shall be entitled to
and receive such rent or compensation for the use
of such lands or tenements as the Secretary of the
Treasury, under regulations prescribed by him,
shall order or direct.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That after the
time allowed for the redemption of any lands or
tenements which have been or shall be sold by a
board of tax commissioners shall have passed,
and after the purchase-money shall have been
fully paid, the President is authorized and re-
quired to cause a patentor patents to be issued to
any such person as may be the bona fide pur-
chaser, owner, assignee, or transferee of such
lands or tenements under and by virtue of any
certificates of sale, or under and by virtue of any
assigiftnent or transfer of such certificate: Pro-
vided, That in case of an assignment or transfer
of a certificate of sale, the person applying for
such patent shall give satisfactory proof to the
Commissioner of the General Land Office of the
preceding transfers or assignments.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That a major-
ity of a board of tax commissioners shall have
full authority to transact all business and to per<
form all duties required by law to be performed
by such board, and no proceeding of any board
of tax commissioners shall be void or invalid in
consequence of the absence of any one of said
commissioners.
• Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That any lien
creditor (being a loyal citizen of the United Stares
from the commencement of this rebellion, or
alien subject of a friendly nation who shall not
have taken part against the United States in this
rebellion) of a p>'tson whose lands or tenements
ghall have been sold by a board of tax commis-
sioners and not redeemed, shall, after the period
of redemption has elapsed, be entitled to payment
out of the balance of the proceeds of sale of
such lands and tenements, after the same shall
have been paid into the Treasury of the United
States, of the amount of his lien, if a sufficient
sum shall be left for such purpose, after the pay-
ment of all claims of the United States, together
with the costs and expenses of sale, and the pay-
ment of all prior liens, under such rules and reg-
ulations, and after exhibiting such proof of his
right, as the Secretary of the Treasury shall pre-
scribe.
Sec. 5. M be it further enacted, That each
board of tax commissioners shall file in the De-
partment of th'e Treasury a transcript of its pro-
ceedings from time to time as the said proceed-
ings shall occur, and duplicates of all orders,
resolutions, documents and papers, drafts, plats,
and maps of surveys, made or issued by them,
and as often and under such regulations as the
Secretary of the Treasury shall prescribe; and
copiesofany such orders,resolutions, documents,
papers, or proceedings, duly certified to be full
and correct copies, under the hand of the said Sec-
retary or of the officer having custody of the said
transcripts and duplicates, under the seal of the
Treasury, shall be evidence with the same effect
as the originals.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the ex-
penses caused by or incident to the proceedings
of any board of tax commissioners shall be paid
by the commissioners out of the proceeds of the
sales which have been or shall be made by them
of any lands or tenements: Provided, however,
That the bills of such expenses shall be first sub-
mitted to and approved by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Sec. 7. Jlnd be it further enacted, That in any
case in which lands shall be redeemed after sale
made by the board of commissioners, and after
the money received by them on the sale of such
lands has been paid into the Treasury, by the
owner complying with all the provisions of the
law relating to redemption necessary to be com-
plied with on his part, the said board shall cer-
tify to the Secretary of the Treasury the fact that
such lands have been redeemed, the amount of
the purchase-money paid by the purchaser, and
when the said purchase-money was paid, together
with such other circumstances as the Secretary,
by general regulation or special instructions shall
require, and the Secretary, on being satisfied that
the lands have been duly rede'emed, shall repay,
by draft drawn on the Treasury of the United
States, the said purchaser the principal and in-
terest of the said purchase-money; and the pur-
chaser shall forthwith deliver possession to the
owner so redeeming as aforesaid: Provided,how-
ever, That no owner shall be entitled to redeem
unless, in addition to the onth prescribed by ex-
isting laws, he shall swear that he has not taken
part with the insurgents in the present rebellion,
or in any way given them aid or comfort, and
shall satisfy the board of commissioners that the
said oath is true: Provided, also, That a tenant,
at suff[e]rance or at will, shall not be allowed to
redeem, nor shall a tenant for years be allowed
to redeem, unless he shall satisfy the board of
commissioners, in addition to the other require-
ments of the law, that the owner of the reversion-
ary estate has been loyal and not in any manner
engaged in this rebellion, nor in giving aid or com-
fort to rebels.
Sf.c. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That when
lands, tenements, parcels, or lots of land, which
have been selected under direction of the Presi-
dent for Government use, or which have been
purchased at any sal^ made by a board of tax
commissioners for the United States, have been
entered upon by persons claiming preemption
rights therein, with the consent or by the author-
ity of the board of tax commissioners, and in ac-
cordance with instructions heretofore issued by
the President of the United States, such persons
shall be taken and deemed to have acquired rights
of preemption in said lands; anil all certificates
that have been issued or that shall shall hereafter
be issued by the said board of commissioners to
such persons shall be valid and effectual, as though
issued pursuant to the act of wluch litis is amend-
atory.
Sec. 9. Jlnd be it further enacted, That boards
of tax commissioners shall give such notice, by
advertisements, of sales of lands to be made by
them, by authority of law, as the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue, under direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, shall order and direct.
Sec. 10. Jlnd be it further enacted, That section
seven of the act entitled "An act to amend an act
entitled 'An act for the collection of direct taxes
in insurrectionary districts within the United
§tates, and for other purposes,' " be amended by
striking therefrom the following words, that is to
say: " or request the same to be struck off to a
purchaser for a less sum than two thirds of the
assessed value of said [several] lots or parcels of
ground."
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That in case
application is made to pay tax on apart of any
tract or tracts, lot or lots of land embraced in one
valuation, it shall be competent for the commis-
sioners, whether the valuation shall have been
made by them or by the State authorities, to ap-
portion such valuation and tax m such manner
as they may deem just and reasonable, and the
tax so apportioned and fixed shall be a lien upon
the different parts or parcels, the same as if each
had been thus originally valued or assessed.
Sec. 12. Jlnd be it further enacted, That each
tax commissioner is hereby authorized and em-
powered to administer oaths oraffirmations in all
cases where the same maybe required under this
act, and any person who shall willfully take a false
oath or affirmation in any such case shall, upon
conviction thereof, be liable to the punishment
and penalties provided by the laws of the United
States for the crime of peijury, and shall more-
over forfeit the sum of five hundred dollars.
Sec. 13. Jlnd be it further enacted, That pur-
chasers at any sale, persons redeeming or in wh ose
behalf writs of possession may be issued, shall
pay to the board of tax commissioners for their
use the sum of two dollars for each certificate of
sale, certificate of redemption, or writ, delivered,
provided that the fees thus received, together with
the salary of the commissioners for any district,
shall not exceed the sum of four thousand dollars
to each of said commissioners, and that any ex-
cess that may be received over that amount shall
be applied in payment of clerks or other persons
employed by said commissioners in pursuance
of this act, so far afl may be necessary, and the
balance, if any, paid as the proceeds of the sales
of lands sold by them are required to be paid.
Sec. 14. Jiiul be it further enacted, That any
board of tax commissioners may employ the re-
quisite number of clerks, surveyors, and assist-
ants, who shall receive such compensation as the
Secretary of the Treasury may prescribe; and that
any clerk appointed by said board may be spe-
cially empowered by the said Secretary to receive
and collect moneys due for direct taxes,and rents
for lands leased, and to pay them over to the said
board: Provided, however, That he first give se-
curity in such sum and with such conditions as
the said Secretary may direct, with sureties to b'e
approved by him; and each tax commissioher
shall be held to have entered op the discharge of
his duties when he shall have given approved
security, taken the required oath, received his
commission, and reported at the office of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury for duty, unless the said
Secretary shall in any particular case direct other-
W Sec. 15. Jin d be it further enacted, That where
lands or tenements have been, or shall hereafter
be, sold under the provisions of the several acts
of Congress relating to the sale of lands fordirect
taxes in insurrectionary districts, in tracts winch,
at the time of sale, were held by two or more
freehold owners, in severalty, any one of these
owners, being otherwise entitled to redeem, shall
be allowed to redeem for the piece or parcel of
land held by him as a freehold owner, as afore-
said, on paying his proportionable part of the
tax, penalty, costs, expenses, and interest—the
said proportionable part to be ascertained by the
said commissioners. And it shall be optional wiih
the purchaser either to retain the icsidue of ihe
tract purchased, after a redemption of a part, or
to surrender his certificate of purchase to the com-
missioners,and receive back from them the amount
of the purchase-money paid, with interest: ana
