140
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
38th Cong. ...2d
Laws of the United States.
in case he shall elect to retain the piece or parcel
unredeemed, ne shall surrender his certificate for
the whole tract purchased, and the said board
shall issue a new certificate for the piece or cer-
tificate fvr the piece or paicel of land retained.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. LXXXVIII.—An Act to amend an Act
en-titled "An Act to aid in the Construction of
a Railroad and Telegraph Line from the Mis-
souri River to the Pacific Ocean, and to secure to
the Government the Use of the same for Postal,
Military, and other Purposes," approved July
first, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and to
amend an Act amendatory thereof, approved
July second, eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That section ten of said act of July
second, eighteen hundred arid sixty-four, be so
modified and amended as to allow the Central Pa-
cific Railroad Company,and the Western Pacific
Railroad Company, of California, the Union Pa-
cific Railroad Company, the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company, eastern division, and all other
companies provided for in the said act of the sec-
ond of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, to
issue their six per centum thirty years' bonds,
interest payable in any lawful money of the Uni-
ted States, upon their separate roads. And the
said companies are hereby authorized to issue,
respectively, their bonds to the extent of one hun-
dred miles in advance of a continuous completed
line of construction.
Sec. 2. JJnd be it farther enacted, That the as-
signment made by the Central Pacific Railroad
Company of California to the Western Pacific
Railroad Company of said State, of the right to
construct all that portion of said railroad and tel-
egraph from the city of San Jose to the city of
Sacramento is hereby ratified and confirmed to the
said Western Pacific Railroad Company, with all
the privileges and benefits of the several acts of
Congress relating thereto, and subject to all the
conditions thereof: Provided, That the time within
which thesaid Western Pacific Railroad Company
shall be required to construct the first twenty miles
of their said road shall be one year from the first
day of July, eighteen hundred and sixiy-five, and
that the entire road shall be completed from San
Jose to Sacramento, connectingnt the latter point
with thesaid Central Pacific railroad, within four
years thereafter.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. LXXX1X.—An Act relating to the Postal
Laws.
Be it enacted by the Senate antk House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled. That all domestic letters, except letters
lawfully franked, and dijly certified letters of sol-
diers and mariners in the service of the United
States, which are deposited for mailing in any post
offfco of the United States, on which the postage
is unpaid, shall be sent by the postmaster to the
dead letter office in Washington; and all letters
deposited for mailing, paid only in part, shall be
fonvtuded to destination, charged with the unpaid
rate, to be collected on delivery.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the pro-
visions of the act entitled "An act for the relief
of postmasters who have been robbed by con-
Icderate fotces or rebel guerrillas," approved
April twenty-nine, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, be, and the same are hereby, extended to
cases of loyal postmasters where, by reason of
the presence of armed forces, a post office is de-
stroyed and the postmaster loses the fixtures and
furniture or postage stamps, and stamped en-
velopes; and also to cases where such losses are
occasioned by armed forces othei than those of
the so-called confederate States.
_ Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That, in addi- '
tion to the items of rent, fuel, light, and clerks enu-
merated in the fifth section of the net approved
July first, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, the
Postmaster General be, and he is hereby,author-
ized to allow,at his discretion, out of the revenues
of the office at New York, and of offices of the
& , second, third, and fourth classes, a just and
reasonable sum for the necessary cost, in whole
or in part, as well of the foregoing items, as of
furniture, stationery, printing, and other items of
expenditure required at offices of those classes,
to be adjusted upon a satisfactory exhibit of the
facts; and that he be authorized to pay,outofthe
proceeds of the money-order business, the cost of
stationery and such other incidental expenses as
are necessary for the transaction of that business.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted. That the sev-
enth section of the act entitled " An act to amend
the laws relating to the Post Office Department,"
approved March three, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, be, and the same is hereby, amended
so as to authorize the Postmaster General to al-
low for the publication, in newspapers, of the list
of non-delivered letters at any post office, com-
pensation at a rate not to exceed two cents for
each letter so advertised.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the sev-
enteenth section of the act entitled "An act to
establish salaries for postmasters, and for other
purposes," approved July one,eighteen hundred
and sixty-four, be, and the same is hereby,
amended so as to restore, from the date of its
passage, to the special agent of the Post Office
Department in the Pacific States and Territories,
his regular salary of two thousand five hundred
dollais per annum, under the act of March two,
eighteen hundred and sixty-one, with an allow-
ance, in addition thereto, of a sum not exceeding
five dollars per diem, to provide for his actual
traveling and incidental expenses while actively
employed in the service. And the Postmaster
General is hereby authorized to appoint an addi-
tional special agent for the Pacific States and
Territories, and two additional special agents to
superintend postal matters connected with the rail-
way mail service of the United States, who shall
receive the same salary and per diem allowance
for traveling and incidental expenses, to be paid
out of the appropriation for mail transportation.
Sec. 6. Andbe it farther enacted, That hereafter
special agents of the Post Office Department, other
than those appointed for the Pacific States and
Territories, or those appointed under the author-
ity of the preceding section of this act to superin-
tend postal matters connected with the railway
service of the United States, shall be allowed for
their necessary traveling and incidental expenses,
while actively employed in the service, a sum not
exceeding five dollars per diem.
Sec. 7. And bcit further enacted, ThatthePost-
master General be, and he is hereby, authorized
to pay, out of the appropriation for miscellaneous
expenses, the sum of ten thousand dollars, or so
much thereof as may be required, for defraying
the necessary expense of preparing and publish-
ing a set of post-route maps arranged by States
and groups of States, and showing all the perma-
nent mail routes, distances, and post offices thereon
in the United States, with other statistical infor-
mation.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That for the
purpose of assorting and distributing letters and
other mail matter in railway post offices, the Post 
master General may, from time to time, appoint
clerks, who shall be paid out of the appropriation
for mail transportation: Provided, That the salary
of each head clerk so appointed and employed,
shall not exceed fourteen hundred dollars per an-
num, und that the salary of other clerks shall not
exceed twelve hundred dollars each per annum.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the pro-
visions of the fourth section of the act entitled
"An act making appropriations for the service of
the Post Office Department during the fiscal year
ending the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one," approved^June fifteen, eighteen
hundred and sixty, be and the same are hereby
modified so as to authorize the Postmaster General
to cause the mails to be transported between the
United States and any foreign port or ports, or
between ports of the United States, touching at a
foreign port, by steamship, allowing and paying
therefor, if by an American vessel, any sum not ex-
ceeding the sea and United States inland postage,
and if by aforeign vessel, any sum not exceeding
the sea postage on the mails so conveyed.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That no
steamship or other vessel departing from the Uni-
ted States for a foreign port or ports, shall be per-
mitted to receive on board,or convey any letters or
letter packets originating in the United States,
which have not been regularly posted at, and re-
ceived from, thepostofficeattheportofdeparture;
and it shall be the duty of the collector or other offi-
cer of the port empowered to grant clearances of
vessels, to require as a condition of clearance, from
the master or commander of such steamship or
vessel, an oath or affirmation that he has not re-
ceived on board his ship or vessel, and has notun-
der his care or within his control, and will not
receive and convey any letters or letter packets
addressed to aforeign country,except as herein-
after excepted, which hire have not been deliv-
ered to him from the post office at the port of de-
parture: Provided, however, That the provisions
of this section shall not apply to any letters or
letter packets which relate to the cargo and are ad-
dressed to the owner or consignee of such steam-
ship or other vessel, or to any letters or packets
which are inclosed in aUnited States stamped en-
velope of a denomination sufficient in amount to
cover the United States postage legally chargeable
thereon, if such letters or packets had been posted
and-transmitted by the regular mail.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, Xbat nothing
contained in the act entitled "An act to establish a
postal money-order system," approved May sev-
enteen,eighteen hundred and sixty-four, or in any
other act, shall be so construed as to prevent dep-
uty postmasters at money-order or other offices
from depositing in the national banks designated
by the Secretary of the Treasury as public depos-
itories, to their own credit as deputy postmasters,
money orders, or other funds in their charge, un-
der the direction of the Postmaster General, nor to
prevent their negotiating drafts, orders, or other
evidences of debt through these banks, as they
may be instructed and required by the Postmaster
General.
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That the bal-
ance which may remain unexpended of the appro-
priation of one hundred thousand dollars to meet
any deficiencies in the proceeds of the money-
order system during the presentfiscal year, under
the thirteenth section of the act approved May
seventeen,eighteen hundred and sixty-four,may
be used, as fir as may be necessary, to supply
deficiencies in the proceeds of the aforesaid sys-
tem during the fiscal year commencing July first,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That if any
person or persons shall willfully and maliciously
injure, tear down, or destroy any letter-box, pillar-
box, or other receiving-boxes established by au-
thority of the Postmaster General of the United
States for the safe deposit of matter for the mails
and for delivery; or shall willfully aid and assist
in injuring, tearing down, or destroying any such
box or boxes, every such offender, being thereof
duly convicted, shall, for every such offense, be
fined not less than one hundred, nor more than
one thousand dollars, or be imprisoned not less
than one year, nor more than three years, or both,
according to the circumstances and aggravations
of the offense. And if any clerk or other person
employed m any of the departments of the Post
Office establishment shall willfully and unlawfully
remove from any letter posted at or received in
any post office or branch post office, established
by authority of the Postmaster General of thp Uni-
ted States, any postage-stamp or stamps affixed
thereto in payment of postage, every such offender,
being thereof duly convicted, shall, for every such
offense, be fined not more than one hundred dol-
lars, or imprisoned not more than six months,
according to the circumstances and aggravations
of the offense.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the
yearly advertisement for proposals to carry the
mails of the United Slates shall be published here-
after for a period of six weeks in one or more,
but not to exceed five, newspapers, printed in the
State or Territory where the mail service is to be
performed, one of which shall be printed at the
seat of government of such State or Territory. '
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, That nothing
contained in the act entitled "An act to amend
the laws relating to the Post Office Department,"
approved March third, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, shall be so construed as to repeal or
modify the second section of the act entitled " An
