1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
Ml
Laws of the United States.
act making- appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department during the fiscal year end-
ing the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-one," for the delivery of letters and other
niail matter from post offices where the system
of free delivery by carriers has not been estab-
lished: Provided, nevertheless, and it is hereby fur-
ther enacted, i hat the system of free delivery shall
be established in every place containing a pop-
ulation of fifty thousand within the delivery of
tne office thereof, and at such other places as the
Postmaster General in his judgment shall direct:
And provided further, That the prepayment post-
age 011 drop-letters in all places where free deliv-
ery is not established shall be one cent only.
S,ec. 16. And be it further enacted,'Tha.t no ob-
scene book, pamphlet, picture, print, or other pub-
lication of a vulgar and indecent character, shall
be admitted intothemailsofthe United States; any
person or persons who shall depositor cause to be
deposited, in any post office or branch post office
of the United States, for mailing or fordehvery, an
obscene book, pamphlet, picture, print, or other
publication, knowing the same to be of a vulgar
and indecent character, shall be deemed guiltyof
a misdemeanor,and, being duly convicted thereof,
shall for every such offense be fined not more than
five hundred dollars, or imprisoned not more than
one year,or both, according to the circumstances
and aggravations of the offense.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
38th Oong-....2d Sess.
Chap. XC.—An Act to establish a Bureau forthe
Itelief of Fteedmen and .Refugees.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That there is hereby established m the
War Department, to continue during the present
war of rebellion, and for one year thereafter, a
Bureau of Refugees, Preedmen, and Abandoned
Lands, to which shall be committed, as herein-
after provided, the supervision and management
of all abandoned lands, and the control of all sub-
jects relating to refugees and freedmen from rebel
States, or from any district of country within the
ter^tory embraced in the operations of the Army,
under such rules and regulations as may be pre-
scribed by the head of the bureau and approved
by the President. The said bureau shall be under
the management and control of a Commissioner
to be appointed by the President, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, whose com-
pensation shall be three thousand dollars per
annum, and such number of clerks as may be
assigned to him by the Secretary ofWar,notex-
ceedmg one chief clerk, two of the fourth class,
two ot the third class, and five of the first class.
And the Commissionerand all persons appointed
under this act, shall, before entering upon their
duties, take the oath of office prescribed in an act
entitled "An act to prescribe an oath of office,
and for other purposes," approved July second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and the Com-
missionerand the chief clerk shali, before entering
upon their duties, give bonds to the Treasurer of
the United States, the former in the sum of fifty
thousand dollars, and the latter in the sum of ten
thousand dollars, conditioned forthe faithful dis-
charge of their duties respectively, with securi-
ties to be approved as sufficient by the Attorney
General, wlych bonds shall be filed in the office
of the First Comptroller of the Treasury, to be by
him put in suitfor the benefit of any injured party
upon any breach of the conditions thereof.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted. That the Sec-
retary of War may direct such issues of provis-
ions, clothing, and fuel, as he may deem needful
for the immediate and temporary shelter and sup-
ply of destitute and suffering refugees and freed-
men and their wives and children, under such
rules and regulations as he may direct.
Sec. 3. Jindbeit further enacted, ThatthePres-
ident may, by and with the advice and consentof [
the Senate, appomtan assistantcommissioner for .
each of the States declared to be in insurrection, J
notexceedingten in number, who shall, under the ,
direction of the Commissioner, aid in the execu- !
tion of the provisions of this act; and he shall give [
a bond to the Treasurer of the United States, in the ;
sum of twenty thousand dollars, in the form and j
manner prescribed in the first section of this act. i
Each of said commissioners shall receive an a -
I nual salary of two thousand five hundred dollars
j in full compensation for ail his services. And any
| military officer may be detailed and assigned to
duty under this act without increase of pay or al-
lowances. The Commissioner shall, before the
commencement of each regular session of Con-
gress, make full report of his proceedings with
exhibits of the state of his accounts to the Pres-
ident,who shall communicate the same to Con-
gress, and shall also make special reports when-
ever required to do so by the President or eiiher
House of Congress; and the assistant commis-
sioners shali make quarterly reports of their pro-
ceedings to the Commissioner, and also such other
special reports as from time to time may be re-
quired.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner, under the direction of the President,
shall have authority to set apart, for the use of
loyal refugees and freedmen, such tracts of land
within the insurrectionary States as shall have
been abandoned, or to which the United States
shall have acquired title b,y confiscation or sale,
or otherwise, and to every male citizen, whether
refugee or freedman, as aforesaid, there shall be
assigned not more than forty acres of such land,
and the person to whom it was so assigned shall
be protected in the use and enjoyment of the land
for the term of three years at an annual rent not
exceeding six per centum upon the value of such
jand, as it was appraised by the State authorities
in the year eighteen hundred and sixty, for the
purpose of taxation, and in case no such appraisal
can be found, then the rental shall be based upon
the estimated value of the land in said year, to be
ascertained in such manner as the Commissioner
may by regulation prescribe. At the end of said
term, or at any time during said term, the occu-
pants ofany parcels so assigned may purchase the
land and receive such title thereto as the United
States can convey, upon paying therefor the value
of the land, as ascertained and fixed for the pur-
pose of determining the annual rent aforesaid.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That all acts
and parts of acts inconsistent with the provisions
of this act, are hereby repealed.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. XCI.—An Act to incorporate a National
Military and Naval Asylum forthe Relief of the
totally disabled Officers and Men of the Volun-
teer Forces of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That Ulyfsjses fc>. Gra.it, David G.
Farragut, Hannibal Hamlin, Andrew Johnson,
Salmon P. Chase, Edwin M. Stanton, Gideon
"Welles, John A. Oix, George Bancroft, William
T. Sherman, John A. Andrew, Andrew G. Cur-
tin, Oliver P. Morton, Benjamin F. Butler, George
G. Meade, John Brough, Nathaniel P. Banks,
Joseph Hooker, Samuel R. Curtis, Richard J.
Oglesby, David Todd, Henry Ward Beecher,
Ambrose E. Burnside, John A. Logan, Daniel
S. Dickinson, William A. Buckingham, Carl
Schurz,Oliver0. Howard,Hamilton Fish,Frank
Sigel, Francis Wuyland, Austin Blair, Thomas
C. Fletcher, Robert Breckinridge, Lovell H.
Rousseau, Horace Greeley, George H. Stuart,
Joseph Henry, John G. Barnard, Henry J. Ray-
mond, William B. Astor, James Gordon Bennett,
H. W. Halieck, William E. Dodge, William M.
Evarts, James T. Brady, Gerritt Smith, Reuben
E. Fenton, Bellamy Storer, Geoige P.Mcllvaine,
Galusha A. Grow, Henry W. Bellows, J. S. C.
Abbott, Jay Cooke, Oliver Wendell Holmes,
Israel Washburn, jr., Ichabod Goodwin, Fred-
erick Smyth, John Z. Goodrich, Charles Henry
Davis, William Ciaflin, J. Wiley Edmanda,
Amos A. Lawrence,Edward S. Tobey,Thomas
Russell, Charles G. Lormg, George B. Upton,
Charles G. Greene, J. M. S. Williams, Geoi^e
G. Stannard, Henry M. Rice, Grenville M.
Dodge, Morton McMichael, Thomas Webster,
James Ai. Scovel, Nathaniel B. Baker, Richard
J. Field, Hfnry C. Carey, John W. Forney,
Bishop M. Simpson, G. S. Griffith, William
Henry Channing, James E. Yeatman, Dwight
Durkee, A. T. Stewart, Barnabas Hobbs, Mont-
gomery Blair, Joseph R. Barnes, £. B. Ward,
Henry Benham, Frank Moore, Alfred Lee, Ed-
ward Solomon,Thomas C. Bryan, B. B. French,
Samuel J. Crawford, James T. Pratt, Alfied H.
Terry, Edward Tompkins, Moses F. Odell, and
their successors, duly chosen, are hereby consti-
tuted and created a body-corporate in the District
of Columbia.
Sec. 2. Ami he it further enacted, That the said
corporation hereby constituted shall consist of one
hundred members. They shall have power to fill
all vacancies created by death, resignation, or
otherwise, and to make by-laws, rules, and regu-
lations: Provided, That such by-laws, rules, and
regulations are not repugnant to, the Constitution
or laws of the United States.
Sec. 3. Andbe itfurther enacted, That the busi-
ness of said corporation shall be managed by a
board of twelve directors, who shall elect from
their number a president, two vice presidents, and
a secretary; and seven of the directors, of whom
the president or one of the vice presidents shall
be one, shall form a quorum for the transaction
of business at any special meeting of the board of
directors.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the
board of directors shali have authority to procure
for early use, at a suitable place, a site for a mili-
tary asylum forofficers and men of the volunteer
forces of the United States who have been or may
hereafter be totally disabled by wounds received
or sickness contracted while m the line of their
duty during the present rebellion; and to have the
necessary buildings erected, having due regard
to the health of the location, facility ofaccess, and
competency to accommodate the persons provided
for in this act.
Sec. 5. And beitfurther enacted, That for the
establishment and support of this asylum there
shall be appropriated all stoppages or fines ad-
judged against volunteer officers, soldiers, or sea-
men by sentence of courts-martial or military
commission, over and above the amounts neces-
sary for the reimbursementof the Government or
of individuals, all forfeitures on account of deser-
tion from the volunteer service, and all moneys
due deceased volunteer officers, soldiers, or sea-
men, which now are, or may be, unclaimed for
three years after the death of such officers, sol-
diers, or seamen, to be repaid upon the demand
of the heirs or legal representatives of such de-
ceased officers, soldiers, or seamen. And the said
directors are hereby authorized to receive all do-
nations of money or property, made by any per-
son or persons, for the benefit of the asylum, and
to hold or dispose of the same for its sole and ex-
clusive use.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the se-
lection of the site for the said asylum, and the
plan of the buildings, and the rules and regula-
tions for the general and internal direction of the
asylum, shall be made by the directors, and they
may do all other acts necessary for the govern-
ment and interests of the same as hereby author-
ized: Provided, however, That no selection of a
site for said asylum or adoption of any plan of
buildings shall beagreld upon until after the sum
of half a million of dollars shall-have been first
subsciibed or donated and paid into the treasury
of said corporation.
Sec. 7. And beit further enacted, ThaUthe offi-
cers of the asylum shall consist of a governor, a
deputy governor, a secretary and a treasurer,
and such officersshall be appointed from the pen-
sioned officers of the volunteer service, and they
may be appointed and removed fiom time to time,
as the interests of the institution may require, by
the board of directors.
Sec. 8. And be itfurther enacted, That the fol-
lowing persons only slmll be entitled to the ben-
efits of the asylum, and may be admitted thereto
upon the recommendation of the board of direct-
or, namely: all volunteer officers, soldiers, and
seamen who have served during the present wai,
who have been orwhomaybe totally disabled by
wounds received or sickness contracted m the line
of their duty, and such persons on becoming in-
mates of this asylum shall assign theteto "their
pensions during the time they shall remain theiem
and receive its benefits.
Sec. 9. Andhe it further enacted, That the direct-
ors shall make an annual report of the condition
of the asylum to the War Department, wl^ch'
