14%
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
38th Gong. ... 2d -Sess.
Laws of the United States.
shall be communicated to Congress on the first
Monday of every January after the passage of this
act, and it shall be the duty of the said directors
to examine and audit the accounts of the treas-
urer of this asylum quarterly, and to visit and
inspect them at least six times a year.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That all in-
mates of theasylurr shall be, and they are hereby,
made subject to th rules and articles of war, and
will be governed thereby in the same manner as
if they were in the Army or Navy of the United
States.
Sec. 11. Jind be it further enacted, That Con-
gress may at any time hereafter alter, amend, or
repeal this act.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. XCII.—An Act to incorporate the Freed-
man's Savings and Trust Company.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Americain Congress
assembled, That Peter Cooper, William C. Bry-
ant, A. A. Low, S. B. Chittenden, Charles H.
Marshall, William A. Booth, Gerritt Smith, Wil-
liam A. Hall, William Allen, John Jay, Abra-
ham Baldwin, A. S. Barnes, Hiram Barney, Seth
13. Hunt, Samuel Holmes, Charles Collins, R. R.
Graves, Waiter S. Griffith, A. H. Waliis, D. S.
GregoryjJ. W. Alvord,|George Whipple, A.S.
Hatch, Walter T. Hateh; E. A.Lambert, W. G.
r Lambert, Roe Lockwood, R. H. Manning, R.
! W. Ropes, Albert Woedruff, and Thos. Dewey,
-J xof New York; John M. Forbes, Wm. Claflin,S.
• j* G. Howe,George L. Stearns, Edward Atkinson,
- P-/*>A. A. Lawrence, and John M. S, Williams, of
t" Massachusetts; Edward Harris and Thomas Da-
vis, of Rhode Island; Stephen ColweJl, J. Whea-
ton Smith, Francis E. Cope, Thomas Webster,
B. S. Hunt, and Henry Samuel, of Pennsylva-
nia; Edward Harwood, Adam Poe, Levi Coffin,
J. M. Waldon, of Ohio, and their successors, are
constituted a body-corporate, in the city of Wash-
ington, in the District of Columbia, by the name
of" The Freedman's Savings and Trust Com-
pany," and by that name may sue and be sued
in any court of the United States.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the per-
sons named in the first section of this act shall be
the first trustees of the corporation, and all va-
cancies by death, resignation, or otherwise, in the
office of trustee, shall be filled by the board by
ballot, without unnecessary delay, and at least
ten votes shall be necessary for the election of any
trustee. The trustees shall hold a regular meet-
ing at leestonce in each month, fo receive reports
of their officers on the affaire of the corporation,
and to transact such business as may be neces-
sary; and any trustee omitting to attend the reg-
ular meetings of the board for six months m suc-
cession, rpay thereupon be considered as having
vacated his place, and a successor may beelected
to fill the same.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That the busi-
ness of the corporation shall be managed and di-
rected by the board of trustees, who shall elect
from their number a*president and two vice presi-
dents; and may appoint such other officers as they
may see fit; nine of the trustees, of whom the
president or one of the vice presidents shall be
one, shall form a quorum for the transaction of
business at any regular or adjourned meeting of
the boatd of trustees; and the affirmative vote of
at least seven members of the board shall be requi-
site in making any order for, or authorizing the
investment of any moneys, or the sale or transfer
of any stock or securities belonging to the cor-
poration, or the appointment of any officer re-
ceiving any salary therefrom.
Sec. 4. Jlnd beitfurther enacted, That the board
of trustees of the corporation shall have power,
from time to time, to make and establish such by-
laws and regulations as they shall judge proper
with regard to the elections of officers and their
respective functions, and generally for the man-
agement of the affairs of the corporation, pro-
vided such by-laws and regulations are not re-
pugnant to this act or to the Constitution or laws
of the United States.
Sec. 5. Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the gen-
ejai business and object of the corporation hereby
created shall be to receive on deposit such sums
of money as may be from time to time offered
therefor, by, or on behalf of, persons heretofore
held in slavery in the United States, or their de-
scendants, and investing the same in the stocks,
bonds, Treasury notes, or other securities of the
United States.
Sec. 6. Jlnd be it further enacted, That it shall
be the duty of the tiustees of the corporation to
invest, as soon as practicable, in the securities
named in the next preceding section, all sums
received by them beyoml an available fund, not
exceeding one third ofthe total amountofdeposits
with the corporation, at the discretion of the trus-
tees, which available funds may be kept by the
trustees to meet current payments of the corpora-
tion, and may by them b* left on deposit at inter-
est or otherwise, or in such available form as the
trustees may direct.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the cor-
poration may, under such regulations as the board
of trustees shall from time to time prescribe, re-
ceive any deposit hereby authorized to be received,
upon such trusts and for such purposes, not con-
trary to the laws of the United States, as may be
indicated in writing by the depositor, such writing
to be subscribed by the depositor and acknowl-
edged or proved before any officer in the civil or
military service of the United States, the certifi-
cate of which acknowledgment or proof shall be
indorsed on the writing; and the writing so ac-
knowledged or proved shall accompany such de-
posit and be filed among the papers of the cor-
poration, and be carefully preserved therein, and
may be read in evidence in any court or before
any judicial officer of the United States, without
further proof; and the certificate of acknowledg-
ment or proof shall be prima facie evidence only
of the due execution of such writing.
Sec. 8. Jlnd be it further enacted, That all sums
received on deposit shall be repaid to such depos-
itor when required,-at such time, with such inter-
est, not exceeding seven per centum per annum,
and under such regulations as the board of trust-
ees shall, from time to time, prescribe, which
regulations shall be posted up in some conspicu-
ous place in the room where the business of the
corporation shall be transacted, but shall not be
altered so as to affect any deposit previously made.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, Thatall trusts
upon which, and all purposes for which any de-
posit shall be made, and which shall be indicated
in the writing to accompany such deposit, shall
be faithfully performed by the corporation, un-
less the performing of the same is rendered impos-
sible.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That when
any depositor shall die, the funds remaining on
deposit with the corporation to his credit,and oil
accumulations thereof, shall belong and be paid
to the personal representatives of such depositor,
in case he shall have left a last will and testament;
and in default of a last will and testamnnt, or of
any person qualifying under a last will and testa-
ment competent to act as executor, the corpora-
tion shall be entitled, in respect to the funds so
remaining on deposit to the credit of any such
depositor, to administration thereon in preference
to all other persons, and letters of administration
shall be granted to the corporation accordingly
in the mannur prescribed by law in respect to the
granting of letters of administration, with the will
annexed, and in cases of intestacy.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That in the
case of the death of any depositor, whose deposit
shall not be held upon any trust created pursuant
to the provisions hereinbeforecontained,or where
it may prove impossible to execute such trust, it
shall be the duty of the corporation to make dili-
gent efforts to ascertain and discover whether
such deceased depositor has left a husband, wife,
or children surviving, and the corporation shall
keep a record of the efforts so made, and of the
results thereof, and in case no person lawfully
entitled thereto shall be discovered, or shall ap-
pear, or claim the funds remaining to the credit
of such depositor before the expiration of two
years from the death of sufih depositor, it shall
be lawfuTfor the corporation to hold and invest
such funds as a separate trust fund, to be applied,
with the accumulations thereof, to the education
and improvement of persons heretofore held in
slavery, or their descendants, being inhabitants
of the United States, in such manner and through
such agencies as the board of trustees shall deem
best calculated to effect that object: Provided,
That if any depositor be not heard from within
five years from the date of his last deposit, the
trustees shall advertise the same in some paper
of general circulation in the State where the prin-
cipal office of the company isestablished, and also
in the Statewhere thepiincipal office of the company
is established, and also in the State where the de-
positor was last heard from; and if within two
years thereafter such depositor shall not appear,
nor a husband, wife, or child of such depositor,
to claim his deposits, they shall be used by the
board of trustees as hereinbefore provided for in
this section.
Sec. 12. And beit further enacted, That no pres-
ident, vice president, trustee, officer, or servant
of the corporation shall, directly~or indirectly,
borrow the funds of the corporation or its depos-
its, or in any manner use the same, or any part
thereof,except to pay necessary expenses, under
the direction of the board of trustees. All certifi-
cates [or] other evidences of deposit made by the
proper officers shall be a-s binding on the corpo-
ration as if they were made under their common
seal. It shall be the duty of the trustees to reg-
ulate the rate of interest allowed to the depositors,
so that they shall receive as nearly as may be a
ratable proportion of all the profits of such corpo-
ration after deducting all necessary expenses;
Provided, however, That the trustees may allow
to depositors, to the amount of five hundred dol-
lars or upward, one per centum less than the
amount allowed others: And provided also, When-
ever it shall appear that, after the payment of the
usual interest to depositors, there is in the pos-
session ofthe corporation an excess of profits over
the liabilities amounting to ten per centum upon
the deposits, such excess shall be invested for
the security of the depositors in the corporation;
and thereafter, at each annual examination ofthe
affairs of the corporation, any surplus over and
above such ten per centum shall, in addition to
the usual interest, be divided ratcably among the
depositors, in such manner as the board of trus-
tees shall direct. ♦
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That when-
ever any deposit shall be made by any minor,
the trustees of the corporation may, at their dis-
cretion, pay to such depositor such sums as may
be due to him, although no guardian shall have
been appointed for such minor, or the guardian
of such minor shall nothaveauthorized the draw-
ing of the same; and the check, receipt, or acquit-
tance of such minor shall be as valid as if the same
were executed byaguaidian of such minor, or
the minor were of full age, if such deposit was
made personally by such minor. And whenever
any deposits shall have been made by married
women, the trustees may repay the same on their
own receipts.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted, That the trus-
tees shall not, directly or indirectly, receive any
payment or emolumentfor their services as such,
except the president and vice president.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted, Thatthe pres-
identand vice president, the subordinate officers
and agents of the corporation shall respectively
give such security for their fidelity and good con-
duct as the board of trustees may from time to
time require, and the board shall fix the salaries
of such officers and agents.
Sec. 16. And be it further enacted, That the
books of the corporation shall, at all times during
the hours of business, be open for inspection and
examination to such persons as Congress shall
designate or appoint.
Approved, March 3,1865.
Chap. XC1II.—An Act for the better Organiza-
tion of the Subsistence Department.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Statesof Americain Congress
assembled, That, during the continuance of the
present rebellion, the Secretary of War may,
when in his judgment it is necessary, assign to
each geographical military division, to each sep-
arate army in the field consisting of more than
one Army corps, to each military department,
and to each principal subsistence depot, not ex-
