1U
■APPENDIX TO THE COInGBESSIQNAL GLOBE.
[March, 3,
38xii Cons....2d Sess. !
Laws of the United States.
the Turtle Hill fiver, and thence, upon the most
direct practicable route, to Virginia City,in Mon-
tana Territory, with a branch from the mouth of
Turtle Hill river, or such other point as may be
selected, to Omaha.
Second. A road from a point at or near the
mouth of the Big Sioux river, via Yancton, Da-
kota Territory, to a point at or near the mouth of
the BigSheyenne river, thenceupsaid river to its
main forks, thcnce up the north fork toapointof
intersection with the road from Niobrara.
Third. For a road from a point on the western
boundary of Minnesota, to be determined by the
Secretary of the Interior, to a point at or near the
mouth of the Big Sheyenne river.
Fourth. A road from Virginia City, in Mon-
tana, upon the most practicable route, to Lewis-
ton, in Idaho.
Sec. 2. Jind be itfurther enacted,That, to enabje
the Secretary of the Interior to carry out the pro-
visions of the foregoing section, the sum of one
hundred and forty thousand dollars be, and the
same is hereby, appropriated out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, fifty
thousand dollars of which shall be applied to the
construction of the road from Virginia City to
Lewiston; fifty thousand dollars shall be applied
to the construction of the road from Niobrara and
branch to Omaha; twenty thousand dollars shall
ije applied to the construction of the road from
the mouth of the Big Sheyenne to its intersection
.with the Niobrara road; ten thousand dollars shall
l>^ applied to the construction of a bridge over the
Big Sioux river, of so much of this sum as may
be necessary,-and any balance remaining to be
applied tocontinuingand improving the road from
Sioux City, Iowa, to the Big Sheyenne, Dakota
Territory, and the remainder shall be applied to
the construction of the road from the western
boundary of Minnesota to the Big Sheyenne river:
Provided, That any unexpended money now in
the Treasury, appropriated for the construction
of a road from Sioux City to Fort Randall, Da-
kota Territory, shall be, and is hereby, trans-
ferred from the War Department to the Depart-
ment of the Interior.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. C.—An Act to authorize the Coinage of
Three-Cent Pieces, and for other purposes.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Anxericain Congress
assembled, That so soon as practicable after the
passage of this act, there shall be coined at the
Mjntof the United States a three-cent piece, com-
posed of copper and nickel in such proportions,
uoi exceeding twenty-five per centum of nickel,
as shall be deteimined by the Director of the Mint,
the standard weight of which shall be thirty
grains, with no greater deviation than fourgrains
to each piece, and the shape, mottoes, and devices
of said coin shall he determined by the Director
of the Mint, with the approval of the Secretary of
the Treasury. And the laws now m force relat-
ing to the coinage of cents, and providing for the
purchase of material and prescribing the appro-
priate duties of the officers of the Mint, and of
the Secretary of the Treasury be, and the same
are hereby, extended to the coinage herein pro-
vided for.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be itfurther enacted, That all laws
now in force, relating to the coins of the United
States, and the striking and coinage of the same,
shall so far as applicable be extended to the coin-
age herein authorized, whether said laws are penal
or otherwise, for the security of the coin, regulat-
ing and guarding the process of striking and coin-
ing, for preventing "debasement, or counterfeiting,
or for any other pus pose. And the Director of
the Mint shall prescribe suitable regulations to
insure a dueconformity to the required weights
and proportions of alloy in the said coin, and
shall order trials thereof to be made from time to
time, by the assayer of the Mint, whereof a re-
port shall bo made in writing to the Director.
Sec. 3 Jlnd be it farther enacted, That the said
coin shall be a legal tender in any payment to the
amount of sixty cents. And it shall be lawful to
pay out said coins in exchange for the lawfui cur-
rency of the United States, (except cents or half
^-nts or two-cent pieces issued under former acts
of Congress,) in suitable sums by the treasurer
of the Mint, and by such other depositaries as
the Secretary of the Treasury may designate, and
undergeneral regulations approved by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. And under the like regula-
tions the same maybe exchanged in suitable sums
for any lawful currency of the United Statos;and
the expenses incident to such exchange, distribu-
tion, and transmission, may be paid out of the
profits of said coinage, and the net profits of said
coinage, ascertained in like manner as is prescribed
in the second section of the actemitled "An act re-
lating to foreign coins, and the coinage df cents at
the Mint of the United States," approved Febru-
ary twenty-first, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven,
shall be transferred to the Treasury of the United
States: Provided, That from and after the passage
of this act, no issues of fractional notes of the
United States shall be of a less denomination than
five cents, and all such issues of a less denomina-
tion, at that time outstanding, shall, when paid
into the Treasury or any designated depositary
ofthe United States,or redeemed orexchanged as
now provided by law, be retained and canceled.
Sec. 4. Jind be it further enacted, That if any
person or persons shall knowingly make, issue, or
pass, or cause to be made, issued, or past [passed],
any coin, card, token, or device, whatsoever, in
metal or its compounds, intended to pass or be
passed as money, for the coin authorized by this
act, or for coin of equal value, such person or
persons shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and shall on conviction thereof be punished by a
fine not exceeding one thousand dollars, and by
imprisonmentfor a term not exceeding five years,
at the discretion of the court.
Sec. 5. Jind be itfurther enacted, That, in addi-
tion to the devices and legends upon the gold,
silver, and other coins of the United States, it
shall be lawful for the Director of the Mint, with
the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury, to
cause the motto " In God we trust" to be placed
upon such coins hereafter to be issued as shall
admit of such legend thereon.
Sec. 6. Jind be itfurther enacted, That the one
and two cent coins of the Uftited States shall not
be a legal tender for any payment exceeding four
cents in amount; and so much of the laws of the
United States heretofore enacted as are in conflict
with the provisions of this act, are hereby re-
pealed.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CI.—-An Actio regulate the Fees of Cus-
tom-House Officers on the Not thern, North-
eastorn, and Northwestern Frontiers of the
United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jimericain Congress
assembled, That, in lieu of the fees now authorized
by law to be collected by customs officers on the
northern, northeastern, and northwestern front-
iers of the United States, there shall be levied
and collected:
For admeasurements of vessels, the fees pre-
scribed by the act entitled 44 An act to regulate the
admeasurement of tonnage of ships and vessels
ofthe United States," approved May six, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four.
Certificateof registry, including bond, two dol-
lars and twenty-five cents.
Indorsement on register, one dollar.
Certificate of enrollment, including bond on
vessel not exceeding fifty tons, one dollar; on ves-
sel of above fifty and not exceeding one hundred
and fifty tons, one dollar and fifty cents; on ves-
sel of over one hundred and fifty tons, two dollars.
License, including bond on vessel of not over
one hundred and fifty tons, one dollar; on vessel
of over one hundred and fifty tons, one dollarand
fifty cents.
Indorsement oil license of changc of master,
including master's oath, fifty cents.
Certifying manifest, and granting clearance for
a licensed vessel to go fro in district to district, on
vessel of fifty tons or under, twenty-five cents; on
vessel of over fifty tons, fifty cents.
Receiving certified manifest and granting per-
mit to unlade on entry of a vessel from any other
district, on vessel of fifty tons or under, twenty-
five cents; on vessel of over fifty tons, one dollar.
Entry of a vessel from a foreign port otherwise
than by sea, if vessel of fifty tons or under, fifty
cents; if of over fifty tons, one dollar; and the
same fees for clearance of like vessels to foreign
ports.
Receiving manifest of goods brought into the
United States from foreign countries adjoining said
frontiers by land vehicles, and permit to unlade
the same, twenty-five cents. •
Receiving manifest of baggage of passengers
arriving from foreign commies, adjoining said
frontiers, including permit to unlade the same,
twenty-five cents.
Granting permit to a vessel not belonging [to]
a citizen of the United States to go from district
to district, two dollars, and [the] same fee for
receiving manifest and granting permit to unlade
such vessel on arrival in a district from another
district.
Entry of goods imported from any foreign port
or place for consumption, warehousing, reware-
housing, transportation, or exportation, entry,
including official certificate or oath on entry or to
invoice, fifty cents, and for every post entry, forty
cents.
Permit to land or deliver goods not above pro-
vided for, twenty-five cents.
Official bonds not herein provided for, each one
dollar.
Debenture on [or] other official certificate not
herein provided for, twenty-five cents.
Bill of health, twenty-five cents.
Crew-list, including bond, one dollar.
Protection, fifty cents.
Recording bill of sales, mortgages, hypotheca-
tions, or conveyances, fifty cents each, and certi-
fied copies thereof, fifty cents each.
Recording certificates for discharging and can-
cehngsuch conveyances,fifty cents; copies there-
of, twenty-five cents.
Certificate setting forth the names of the owners
of a vessel, with their respective interest, and also
the material facts of any existing bill of sale,
mortgage, hypothecation, or other incumbrance,
the date and amount of such incumbrance, and
the parties thereto, one dollar: Provided, That no
bill of sale, mortgage, hypothecation, convey-
ance, or discharge of mortgage or other incum-
brance of any vessel, shall bo recorded unless the
same is duly acknowledged before a notary public
or other officer authorized to take acknowledg-
ments of deeds.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CIl.—AS Act granting Land to the State
of Michigan, to aid in building a Harbor and
Ship-Canal at Portage Lake, Kewenaw Point,
Lake Superior.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of Jimericain Congress
assembled, There there be, and is hereby, planted
to the State of Michigan the rightof locating and
constructing a breakwater and harbor and ship-
canal through any public lands at or upon the
neck of land on Lake Superior known as "The
Portage:" jProvided, That not more than one thou-
sand teet in width on the bank of Lake Superior
shall be occupied by said breakwater and harbor,
and that a strip of land not mote than four hun-
dred feet in width on said ncck of land shall bo
occupied by said canal: Jlndprovidedfitrther,'Y\iQ.t
said ship-canal shall be at least one hundred feet
in width, with a depth of water not less than
thirteen feet.
Sec. 2. Jindbeit further enacted, That there be,
and hereby is, granted to the saui State of Mich-
igan, for the purpose of aiding said State m con-
structing and completing a harbor and ship-canal
to connect the waters of Lake Superior with the
waters of Portage Lake, two hundred thousand
acres of public lands, to be selected in subdivis-
ions agreeably to theUnited States survey, by an
agent or agents appointed by the Governor of said
State, subject to the approval of the Secretary of
the Interior, from any lands in the upper penin-
sula of said State, subject to private entry: Pro-
vided, That said selections shall be made fiom
alternate and odd-numbered sections of land near-
est the location of said canal in said upper penin-
sula, not otherwise appropriated, and not from
lands designated by the United States as " min-
