1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
147
Laws of the United States.
38th Gong....2d Sess.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted, That the lands
hereby granted shall be subject to the disposal of
the Legislature of the State of Minnesota, for the
purposes aforesaid, aud no other. And the said
railroads and branches shall ije and remain pub-
lic highways for the use of the Government of
the United States, free of ail toil or other charges
upon the traupporuuion of any property or troops j
ot the United States. I
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the lands ;
heteby and heretofore granted to said Territory
or State of Minnesota shall be disposed of by
said State for ihe purposes aforesaid only, and
in manner following, namely: When the Gov-
ernor ol said Slate snail certify to the Secretary
of the interior that any section often consecutive
miles of saidiuad is completed in. a good, sub-
stantial, and wot kmuniiko manner, as a first-class
railroad, and the said Secretary shall be satisfied
that said State has complied in good faith with
tins requirement, the said Secretary of the In-
terior shall issue to the said State patents for all
the lands granted and selected as aforesaid, not
exceeding ten sections per mile, situated opposite
to and within a limit of twenty miles of the line
of said section of road thus completed, extending
along the whole length of said completed section
of ten miles of road, and no further. And when
the Governor of said State shall certify to the
Secretary of the Interior, and the Secretary shall
be satisfied that another section of said load, ten
consecutive miles in extent, connecting with the
preceding section or with some other first-class
railroad, which may be at the time in successful
operation, is completed as aforesaid, the said Sec-
retary of the interior shall issue to the saill State
patents for all the lands granted and situated op-
posite to and within the limit of twenty miles of
the line of said completed section of road or roads,
and extending the length of said section, and no
further, not exceeding ten sections of land per
mile fur all that part of said road thus completed
under the provisions of this act and the act to
which this is an amendment, and so, from time
to lime, untrl said roads and branches are com-
pleted. And when the Governor of said State
shall so certify, and the Secretary of the Interior
shall be satisfied that the whole of any one of said
roads and branches is completed in a good, sub-
stantial, and workmanlike manner,as a first-class
railroad, the said Secietary of the Interior shall
issue to the said State patents to all the remain-
ing lands grunted for and on accountof said com-
pleted road and branches in this act, situated
within the said limits of twenty miles from the
line thereof, throughout the entire length of said
road and branches: Provided, That no land shall
be granted or conveyed to said State under the
provisions of this act on account of the construc-
tion of any railroad or part thereof that has been
constructed under the provisions of any other act
at the date of the passage of this uct, and adopted
as a part of the line of railroad provided for in
this act: And provided. That nothing herein con-
tained shall interfere with anyexisiing rights ac-
quired under any law of Congress heretofore
enacted making giants of land to the State of Min-
nesota to aid m the construction of railroads:
And provided further ,T\n\l said lands, granted by
tins or prior acts,shall not in any manner be dis-
posed of, except as the same are patented under
the provisions of this act; and should the State
fail to complete any one of said roads or branches
"Within eight years after the passage of this act,
then the said lands undisposed of as aforesaid,
granted on account of said road or branches, shall
revert to the United States.
Sec. 7. And be it farther enacted, That as soon
as the Governor of the said State of Minnesota
shall file or cause to be filed with the Secretary
of the interior maps designating the routes of said
road and branches, then it shall be the duty of the
."Secretary of the Interior to withdraw from market
the lands embraced within the provisions of this
act.
Sec. 8. Andbeit further enacted, ThattheUni-
ted States mail be transported on said road, under
the duection of the Post Office Department, at
euch price as Congress may by law provide: Pro-
vided, That until such price js fixed by law, the
Postmaster General shall have power to fix the
rate of compensation.
Sec.9. Andbe it further enacted, That the pio-
visions of this act shall also be construed so as to
apply and extend to that portion of the line au-
thorized to be vacated by the joint resolution ap-
proved July twelfth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two, entitled "A joint resolution authoi izmg the
State of Minnesota to change the line of certain
branch railroadsin said State, and for other pur-
poses," notwithstanding; the vacation thereof by
said State,as though said joint resolution had not
passed,and alsotoihe line adopted hysdid Slate,
m lieu of the portion of the line so vacated.
Sec. 10. Andbeit further enacted, Thatthetime
mentioned in an act entitled "An act making a
grant of lands to the State of Iowa, in alternate
sections, to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roadsin said State," for the completion of the rail-
roads named in said act, be,and the same is here-
by, extended two years.
Sec. h. Andbeit further enacted, That the hist
clauseof the second section of an act entitled "An
act to regulate the compensation of registers and
receivers of the land offices m the several States
andTerritories, in the location of lands by States
and corporations under general grants from Con-
gress, and for other purposes," be, and the same
is hereby, so amended as to read: "A mapofihe
change shall be filed with the Commissioner of
the General Land Office within three months after
the said change of location shall be mado."
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CVl —A.n Act to regulate th«? Taking of
Depositions in certain Cases.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That any defendant in a ci imtnal case,
in iheDistrict of Columbia,either after prelimin-
ary examination, indictment, or information, may
examine witnesses on commission in such manner
as is hereinafter prescribed.
Sec.2. Andbe it further enacted, That a defend-
ant wishing to talce the deposition of a witness
residing more than one hundred miles from the
city of Washington may select any of the follow-
ing officers asacommissionj^r] to take such depo-
sition: the clerk or judge of any coin t of recotd,
or any notary public, oi any consul of the United
States, either by the name of* office of such officer,
or by his individual name and official style; and
the name of the court of which such constituted
commissioner is cleik or judge, and the nnme of
the State and county, or if without the United
States the name of the State and town, or city,
in which such notary or consul resides must be
staled in the notice and m the commission.
Sec.3. Andbeit further enacted, Thatfivedays'
notice must be given by a defendant, or his or her
attorney, of the time when a commission will be
sued out of the office of the cleik of the criminal
court for the District of Columbia for taking the
deposition of the witness, (giving the name of the
witness,) which notice must be accompanied with
a copy of the interrogatories to be asked such wit-
ness.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That at or
before the time fixed in the notice, the district
attorney may file cross-intcrrogatoues; but if he
fail so to do, the cleik shall file the following:
1. Are all of your statements in the foregoing
answers made from your persona! knowledge;
and if not, do your answers show whatare made
from your personal knowledge, and what from
information, and the source ot" that infoimation?
if not, now show what is from information, and
give Us source.
2. State everything you know concerning this
case favorable to either the Government or the de-
fendant.
Sec. 5. Andbe it further enacted, That the no-
tice aud copy of intenogatories may be served
and returned in the same manner and by the
same officers or persons as is provided by law
for the service and return of a summons or sub-
penain civil actions within the District of Co-
lumbia.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That the
commission shall issue in the name of the crim-
inal court, and under its seal, and must be signed
by the clerk, and need contain nothing but the
authority conferred upon the commissioner and
instructions to guide him, a statement of the
cause in which the testimony is to be used, and
a copy of all the iotermgatoi ies filed appended.
Sec. 7. Andbe it further enacted, That the per-
son before whom any of the depositions above
contemplated are taken must cause the interrog-
atories append* d to the commission to bo written
out, and the answers theieto to be inserted imme-
diately underneath the respective question*; the
whole, when completed, being read overby or to
the witness, must be by him or her subscribed and
sworn to in the usual manner.
Sec. 8. Andbeit further enacted, That all ex-
hibits produced before the person taking the dep-
osition, or proved or referred to by any witness,
or correct copies thereof, must be appended to the
depositions, and returned with them, unless suffi-
cient reasons be shown for not so doing.
Sec. 0. And he it further enacted, That the per-
son taking the deposition shall attach his certifi-
cate thereto, stating that it was subscribed and
sworn to by the deponent at the time and place
therein mentioned; the whole,including the com-
mission and interrogatories, must then be sealed
up and returned to the clerk of the criminalcourt
of tile District of Columbia, by mail, unless the
defendant and the district attorney agree upon
some other mode; and, when received by said
cleik, he shall open the package and place the
deposition cm file in his office.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That un-
impoitant deviations from any of the above di-
rections shall not cause the deposition to be ex-
cluded where no substantial prejudice could be
wrought to the Government by such deviation.
Sec. 11. And be it farther enacted, That, sub-
ject to the legislations hereinbefore contained*
the court may establish further rules for talcing
depositions and nil other acts connected there-
with.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CVH.—An Act supplemental to tTie Act
appioved first July,eighteen hundred and sixiy-
four, " for the Disposal of Coal Lauds and ot
Town Property in the Public Domain."
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That in the case of any citizen of the
United States who, at the passage of this act, may
be in the business of bona fide actualcoal-minmg
on the public lands, oxcepton lands reserved by
the President of the United States for public
uses, for purposes of commerce, such citizen,
upon making proof satisfactory to the register
and receivei to that effect, shall have the rightto
enter, according; to legal subdivisions, a quantity of
land not exceeding one hundied and SLXty acres,
to embrace his improvements aud mining prem-
ises, at the minimum price of twenty doliats per
acre, fixed in the coal and town propeity act of
first July, eighteen hundied and sixty-four: Pro*
rided, That where the mining improvements and
premises Hie on land surveyed at the passage of
tins act, a sworn declaratory statement debcup-
live of the tract end premises, showing also the
extent and character of the improvements, shall
be filed within six months from the date of this
act; and proof and payment shall be rrmde with-
in one year from the date of such filing; but
where such mining premises may be on hinds
hereafter to be surveyed, such declaratory state-
ment shall be filed within three months from
the return to the district land office of the offi-
cial township plat; and proof and pay merit shall
be made within one year from the date of such
filing.
Sec. 2. Andbeit farther enacted, That in the
case of any city or town which, at the passage of
this oct, may be existing on the public lands, in
which the lots therein may bo variant as to size
ij from the limitation fixed in the said act of first
ji July, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, and in
■ j which ihe lotsand buildings asmunicipahmprove*
[J ments shall cover an area greater than six hun-
jj dred and forty acres, such vaiiance as to size of
lots or excess in area shall prove no bar to such
city or town claim, under said act of first July,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, effect to be given
to this act according to such regulations as iway
be prescribed by the Secretary of the Interior;
