1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
149
Laivs of the United States.
38tii Cong. ... 2d Sbss.
sons who have manufactured or used any article
or thing for which a patent aforesaid was ordered
to issue. This act shall apply to all cases now
in the Patent Office, and also to such as shall here-
atter be fiied. And all acts or parts of acts in-
consistent with this act are hereby repealed.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CXIIL—An Act to amend the third Section
of an Act entitled "An Act making Appropria-
tions lor sundry Civil Expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the thirtieth day of
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, and for
other purposes," so far as the same relates to
Witnesses in the Courts of the United States.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales ofAmericain Congress
assembled, That the third section of an act enti-
tled "An act making appropriations for sundry
f-ivil expenses of the Governmentfor the year end-
ing the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, and for other purposes," be, and the
same hereby is, amended by adding thereto the
following proviso: Provided further, That in ac-
tions by or against executors, administrators, or
guardians, in which judgment may be rendered
for or against them, neither party shall be allowed
to testify against the other as to any transaction
with, or statement by the testator, intestate, or
ward, unless calicd to testify thereto by the op-
posite party, or required to testify thereto by the
court.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CXIV.—An Act in Relation to the Naval
Observatory.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That so much of the first section of the
act of third of August, one thousand eight hun-
dred and forty-eight, entitled "An act making
appropriations for the naval service for the year
ending the thirtieth of June, one thousand eight
hundred and forty-nine," as requires that the Su-
perintendent of the Naval Observatory at Wash-
ington city shall beacaptam, commander, or lieu-
tenant in the Navy, be, and is hereby, repealed,
and no officer of the Navy employed as Superin-
tendent shall receive other than the shore-duty
pay of his grade.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CXV.—An Act for the Relief of the Oc-
cupants of the Lands of the Ex-Mission of San
Jose, in the State of California.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States ofJlmericain Congress
assembled, That every person who has the posses-
sion rightfully as against all others except the
United States, or, being out of possession, is, as
against all others except as aforesaid, entitled to
the possession of any portion of the tract of land
situate in the county of Almeda, State of Califor-
nia, known as the lands of the ex-mission of San
Jose, as included in the map and survey thereof,
made October, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
by E. H. Dyer, deputy United States surveyor,
shall have the right, and the right is hereby
granted to each and every such person, to enter
and purchase of the United States, at the sum or
price of one dollar and twenty-five cents per acre,
such portion of said tract so rightfully possessed
by him, her, or them, or to which he, she, or
they may so have such right of possession,
whether such person claim the same by convey-
ance from or under Andres Pico and Juan B. Al-
varado, or either of them, or by possession only:
Provided, however. That any person entitled un-
der this act to a parcel of less than eight acres
shall in ail such cases pay ten dollars for the
same.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That every
person claiming any benefit under this act shall,
withm one year from the passage thereof, present
to the register and receiver of the United States
land office at San Francisco a survey or plat of
the portion of said tract claimcd by him, her, or
them, and which shall exhibit the quarter sec-
tion or sections, or parts thereof, included in said
plat, made by or under the direction of the Uni-
ted States surveyor general for California, and
therewith a written statement setting forth the
right of such claimantto enterand purchase such
portion under the provisions of this act, and
whether the said claimant has acquired the al-
leged title of said Pico and Alvarado, or either of
them thereto, or holds by possession only; and
thereupon such register and receiver shall, under
such rules as may be prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office, proceed and
take, hear, and examine the evidence which may
be offered in support of or against such claim, and,
upon the proofs being closed, shall determine
upon and decide the same: Provided, That no de-
cision of said register and receiver shall be final
until approved by the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the
claimant in whose favor final decision has been
made, upon paying to the receiver of the land of-
fice at San Francisco for the land embraced m
such final decision the sum therefor prescribed in
the first section of this act, shall be entitled to a
patent for such land from the United States, con-
veying all the interest of the United States therein
to such claimant.
Sec. 4. Jlnd be it further enacted, That upon all
proceedings under this act being closed, and upon
the appeal, taken to the Supreme Court of the Uni-
ted States by E. L. Beard and others, claimants
of said lands against the United States, being dis-
missed,or the decree appealed from affirmed, the
surveyor general of the United States for Cali-
fornia shall cause the lines of the public surveys
to be extended over all portions of said land which
shall not have been disposed of under the pro-
visions hereof, and thereafter the same shall be
disposed of as in the case of other public lands.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CXVI.—An Act to enable the Accounting
Officers of the Treasury to settle the Claim of
the State of Kansas.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United Stales of Americain Congress
assembled. That the proper accounting ollicets of
the Treasury be, and they are hereby, authorized
to receive secondary evidence, in lieu of the origi-
nal vouchers, in support of a claim for expenses
incurred by the State of Kansas, provision for re-
imbursement of which was made by the "Act to
indemnify the States for expenses incuried by
them in defense of the United States," approved
July twenty-seven, eighteen hundred and sixty-
one, said original vouchers having been destroyed
by fire at the late massacre in Lawrence. Kansas:
Provided, That, in the settlement of the above-
mentioned claim, there shall not be allowed to the
State of Kansas a sum exceeding the sum of
twelve thousand three hundred fifty-one dollars
and four cents ($12,351 04.)
Approved, March 3,1665.
Chap. CXVII.—An Act toextend the Provisions
of the first Section of "An Act for the Govern-
ment of Persons in certain Fisheiies," approved
June nineteenth, eighteen hundred and thirteen.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the provisions of the first section
of "An act for the government of persons in cer-
tain fisheries," approved on the nineteenth of
June, m the year one thousand eight hundred and
thirteen, shall extend and apply to the master or
skipper and seamen of vessels of the buiden of
twenty tons or upward, qualified according to
law for carrying on the mackerel fisheries, bound
from a port in the United States to be employed
in such fisheries, in the same way as if such fish-
eries had been embraced in said act: Provided,
That the agreement named in said section shall be
duly made, indorsed, and countersigned.
Approved, March 3,1865.
Chap. CXVIII.—An Act to incorporate the Col-
ored Union Benevolent Association.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House cf Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That GurdenSnowden, Charles Brown,
James Wright, Sandy Alexander, Henry Logan,
Charles Wilson, Henry Brooks, John Shorter,
Joseph Shorter, and their associates and succes-
sors, be, and they are hereby, constituted and de-
clared to be a body politic and corporate, by the
name and title of the Colored Union Benevolent
Association, located in the city of Washington, v
and by its corporate name said association shall
have perpetual succession, with power to sue and
be sued, to implead and be impleaded, in any court
of the United States or of the District of Colum-
bia of competent jurisdiction; to receive subscrip-
tions, gifts, and benefits, and to make such rules
and by-laws as shall be deemed necessary and ex-
pedient for the government of the association,
and to alter the same, from time to time, in such
mode as shall be prescribed therein: Provided,
a/ways,Thatsuch rnlesand by-lawsshall be in no-
wise inconsistent with the Constitution and laws
of the United States, or with the objects of the
association. The objects of the association are
hereby declared to be to provide for the care and
comfort of such members as shall be sick, dis-
abled, or dependent, and of the families of such
members, in cases where the proper officers of the
association shall deem it expedient, and also to
provide for the decent interment of such persona
as may die in membership of the association or •
belonging to the families of such members.
Sec. 2. Jlnd be it further enacted, That said as-
sociation shall have power to hold real estate, or
personal and mixed estate, by purchase, gift, or
devise, for the purposes of such association and
no other, and to lease, sell, or convey such real
estate, or mixed estate, or personal property, as
may be devised or donated to such association,and
the leasing or sale of which will promote the inter-
ests of said association.
Sec. 3. Jlnd be it further enacted, That Con-
gress shall have tin4 right, at any time, to modify,
amend, or repeal this act.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
Chap. CXIX.—An Act to amend an Act entitled
''An Act to incorporate the Metropolitan Rail-
road Company in the District of Columbia.''
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Rcpre-
senlatives of the United States of America in Con-
gress assembled, That an act entitled "An act to
incorporate the Metropolitan Railroad Company
in the District of Columbia," approved July
first, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, be, and
the same hereby is, amended as hereinafter set
forth, namely, that the first section be, and hereby
is, amended by striking out all after the words
"along ii street north to Seventeenth street west,
intersecting the double-track road," and insert-
ing: also a double or single track railway, com-
mencing at the intersection of D street north and
Four-and-a-half street west, along Four-and-a-
half street west to the gate of the arsenal; also a
double or single track branch railway, commen-
cing at the intersection of Ninth street west and
the Washington canal, along Ninth street west to
M street noith,along M stiect noith to Twelfth
street west, and along Twelfth street west to the
Washington canal and Maryland avenue to the
Potomac liver; also a double or single track branch
railway, commencing at the intersection of Mas-
sachusetts avenue and Hstreetnoith,alongMas-
sachusetts avenue to Kstreet north,along IC street
north to the circle, with the privilege of extend-
ing the said branch road at any time along ic street
north to Rock creek, across the bridge over Rock
creek to Water street, Georgetown,along Water
street in Georgetown to Gicen street, along Green
street to Gay street, and along Gay street and First
street to Fayette street, Georgetown, with the
privilege of extending at any time the road now
in operation from Seventeenth street west to the
Capitol, from the present terminus of said road
on A street north, along A street north to First
street east, along First strecteast to East Capitol
street, along East Capitol street to Ninth street
ea£t, along Ninth street east to L street south,
with the right to run public carnages therein,
drawn by horse power, receiving therefor a rate
of fare not exceeding eight cents per passenger,
for any distance between the termini of either of
the said mam rail ways, or between the termini of
said branch railways, or between either terminus
of said main railway and the terminus of either
