152
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March 3,
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
installments in goods, per fourth article treaty
fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-two,
and eighth article treaty thirtieth September, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, three thousand five
hundred dollars.
For one third of twenty-fourth of twenty-five
installments for the support of schools, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six
hundred and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven
cents.
For one third of twenty-fourth of twenty-five
installments for the purchase of provisions and
tobacco, per fourth article treaty fourth October,
eighteen hundred and forty-two, and eighth arti-
cle treaty thirtieth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-four, six hundred and sixty-six dollars
and sixty-seven cents.
For one third of twenty-fourth of twenty-five
installments for the supportof two smiths'shops,
including the pay of two smiths and assistants,
and furnishing iron and steel, per fourth article
treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred and forty-
two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth Septem-
ber, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred
and sixty-six dollars and sixty-seven cents.
For one third of twenty-fourth of twenty-five
installments for pay of two farmers, per fourth
article treaty fourth October, eighteen hundred
and forty-two, and eighth article treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, three
hundred and thirty-three dollars and thirty-three
cents.
For eleventh of twenty installments of annuity
in money, per third article tieaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, twenty
thousand dollars.
Chippewas, Pillager, and Lake Winnebagoshish
Bands.
For eleventh of thirty installments of annuity
in money, perthird article [treaty] twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, ten
thousand six hundred and sixty-six dollars and
sixty-six cents.
For eleventh of thirty installments of annuity
jn goods, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, eight
thousand dollars.
For eleventh of thirty installments for purposes
of utility, per third article treaty twenty-second
February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four
thousand dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for pur-
poses ofeducation, perthird arfcle treaty twenty-
second February, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three thousand dollars.
For eleventh of fifteen annual installments for
support of two smiths and smiths' shops, per
third article treaty twenty-second February, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, two thousand one
hundred and twenty dollars.
For pay of an engineer to grist and saw mill at
Leech Lake, six hundred dollars.
Chippewas of lite Mississippi, and the Pillager and
Lake Winnebagoshish Bands of Chippewa Indians
in Minnesota.
For second of ten installments for ten yoke of
work oxen, per fifth article treaty eleventh March,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, one thousand
dollars.
For the employment of a sawyear, at the dis-
cretion of Ihe President, per sixth article treaty
eleventh March, eighteen hundred and sixty-
thiee, six hundred dollars.
For compensation of female teachers on the
reservation, who shall instruct the Indian girls in
domestic economy, one thousand dollars.
Chippewas of Saginaw, Swan Creek, and Slack
River.
For last of ten equal annual installments in
coin, to be distributed per capita, in the usual man-
ner of paying annuities, per second article of the
treaty of second August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, ten thousand dollars.
For last of ten installments for the support of
one blacksmith shop, per second at tide of Ihe
treaty of second August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, twelve hundred and forty dollais.
• For last of five equal annual installments for
educational purposes, under the direction of the
President, two thousand dollars.
For last of five equal annual installments in
agricultural implements, three thousand dollars.
Chippewas, Menomonees, Winnebagoes, and New
York Indians.
For education during the pleasure of Congress,
per fifth article treaty eleventh August, eighteen
hundred and twenty-seven,one thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
Chickasatos.
For permanent annuity in goods, per act of
twenty-fifth February, seventeen hundred and
ninety-nine, three thousand dollars.
Choctaws.
For permanent annuity, per second article
treaty sixteenth November, eighteen hundred and
five, and thirteenth article treaty twenty-second
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, three thou-
sand dollars.
For permanent annuity for support of light
horsemen, per thirteenth article treaty eighteenth
October, eighteen hundred and twenty, and thir-
teenth article treaty twenty-second June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, six hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for education, per
second article treaty twentieth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-five, and thirteenth article
treaty twenty-second June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, six thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith, per
sixth article treaty eighteenth October, eighteen
hundred and twenty, and thirteenth article treaty
twenty-second June, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, six hundred dollars.
For permanentprovision for iron and steel, per
ninth article treaty twentieth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-five, and thirteenth article
of treaty twenty-second June, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, three hundred and twenty dollars.
For interest on five hundred thousand dollars,
at five per centum per annum, foreducation, sup-
port of the government, and other beneficial pur-
poses, under the direction of the general council
of the Choctaws, in conformity with the provis-
ions contained in the tenth and thirteenth articles
of the treaty oftwenty-second June, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, twenty-five thousand dollars.
Camanches, Kiowas, and Apaches ofArkansas River.
For the second of five installments, being the
second series for the purchase of goods, provis-
ions,and ngriculturalimplements,persixth article
treaty twenty-seventh July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-three, eighteen thousand dollars.
For expenses of transportation of the second
of five installments of goods, provisions, and
agricultural implements, per sixth article treaty
twenty-seventh July, eighteen hundred and fifty-
three, seven thousand dollars.
Creeks.
For permanent annuity in money, per fourth
article treaty seventh August, seventeen hundred
and ninety, and fifth article treaty seventh Au-
gust, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, one thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per second
article treaty sixteenth June, eighteen hundred and
two, and fifth article treaty seventh August, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-six, three thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per fourth
article treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty
seventh August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six,
twenty thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, and for shop and tools, per eighth ar-
ticle treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty sev-
enth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, eight
hundred and forty dollars.
For permanent provision for iron and steel for
shop, per eighth article treaty twenty-fourth Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, and fifth
article treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, two hundred and seventy dollars.
For permanent provision for the pay of a wheel-
wright, per eighth article treaty twenty-fourth
January, eighteen hundred and twenty-six, and
fifth article tieaty seventh August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, six hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant and shop and tools 4
during the plea-sure of the President, per fifth ar-
ticle treaty fourteenth February, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-three, and fifth article treaty sev-
enth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, eight
hundred and forty dollars.
For iron and steel for shop during the pleasure
of thePresident, per fifth article treaty fourteenth
February, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, and
fifth article treaty seventh August, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-six, two hundred and seventy dol-
lars.
For wagon-maker during the pleasure of the
President, per fifth article treaty fourteenth Feb-
ruary,eighteen hundred and thirty-three, and fifth
article treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, six hundred dollars.
Forassistance in agricultural operations during
the pleasure of the President, per eighth article
treaty twenty-fourth January, eighteen hundred
and twenty-six, and fifth article treaty seventh
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, two thou-
sand dollars.
For education during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, per fifth article treaty fourteenth February,
eighteen hundred and thirty-three, and fifth ar-
ticle treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, one thousand dollars.
For five per centum interest on two hundred
thousand dollars for purposes of education, per
sixth article treaty seventh August, eighteen liun •
dred and fifty-six, ten thousand dollars.
Delawares.
For life annuity to chief, per private article to
supplemental treaty twenty-fourth September,
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, to treaty of
third October, eighteen hundred and eighteen, one
hundred dollars.
For interest on forty-six thousand and eighty
dollars, at five per centum, being the value of
thirty six sections of land set apart by treaty of
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine for education,
two thousand three hundred and four dollars.
Iowas.
For interest in lieu of investment on fifty-seven
thousand five hundred dollars, balance of one hun-
dred and fifty-seven thousand five hundred dol-
lars, to the first of July, eighteen hundred and
sixty-six, at five per centum per annum, foredu-
cation or other beneficial purposes, under the di-
rection of the President, two thousand eight hun-
dred and seventy-five dollars.
Kansas.
Foi1 interest in lieu of investment on two hun-
dred thousand dollars, at five per centum per an-
num, ten thousand dollars.
Kickapoos.
For twelfth installment of interest, at five per
centum, on one hundred thousand dollars, for ed-
ucational and other beneficial purposes, five thou-
sand dollars.
For twelfth installment on two hundred thou-
sand dollars, to be paid in eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, per second article treaty eighteenth
May, eigh teen hundred and fifty-four, seven thou-
sand dollars.
Menomonees.
For tenth of twelve installments for continuing
and keeping up a blacksmith shop, and providing
the usual quantity of iron and steel, per fourth
article treaty eighteenth October, eighteen hun-
dred and forty-eight, and third article treaty
twelfth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
nine hundred and sixteen dollars and sixty-six
cents.
For last of ten installments of annuity upon
two hundred thousand dollars, balance of three
hundred and fifty thousand dollars for cession of
lands, per fourth article treaty eighteenth Octo-
ber, eighteen hundred and forty-eight, and third
article treaty twelfth May,eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, twenty thousand dollars.
For tenth of fifteen installments for pay of
miller, per third article treaty twelfth May, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dollars.
Miamies of Kansas.
For permanent provision for blacksmith and
assistant, and iron and steel for shop, per fifth
