1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
153
Laws of the United States.
38tii Cong.,..2d S
article treaty sixth October, eighteen hundred and
eighteen, mid fourth article treaty June fifth, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, nine hundred and
forty dollars.
For permanent provision for miller, in lieu of
gunsmith, per fifth article treaty sixth October,
eighteen hundred and eighteen, fifth article treaty
twenty-third October, eighteen hundred and
thirty-four, and fourth article treaty fifth June,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, six hundred dol-
lars.
For interest on fifty thousand dollars, at five
per centum, for educational purposes, per third
article treaty fifth June, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments upon two hun-
dred thousand dollars, per third article treaty fifth
June, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, seven thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
Miamies of Indiana.
For interest on two hundred and twenty-one
thousand two hundred and fifty-seven dollars and
eighty-six cents, uninvested, at five per centum,
for Miami Indians of Indiana, per Senate's amend-
ment to fourth article treaty fifth June, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, eleven thousand and six-
ty-two dollars and eighty-nine cents.
Miamies—Eel River.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per fourth article treaty third August, seventeen
hundred and ninety-five, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per third article treaty twenty-first August,eigh-
teen hundred and five, two hundred and fifty
dollars.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per third and separate article to treaty thirtieth
September, eighteen hundred and nine, three hun-
dred and fifty dollars.
JSrisrjuall'j, Ptiyallup, and other Tribes and Bands
of Indians.
For eleventh installment, in part payment for
relinquishment of title to lands, to be applied to
beneficial objects, per fourth article treaty twenty-
sixth December, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
twelve hundred dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for pay of
instructor, smith, physician, carpenter, farmer,
and assistant, if necessary, per tenth article treaty
twenty-sixth December, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, six thousand seven hundred dollars.
Omahas.
For the eighth often installmentsof this amount,
per fourth article treaty sixteenth March, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-four, thirty thousand dol-
lars.
For pay of miller and assistant miller, farmer,
blacksmith and assistant, for iron and steel,sup-
plying smith's shop with tools and keeping the
same in repair, keeping in repair grist and saw
mill, and for pay of ail engineer and assistant en-
gineer, for the fiscal year ending June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, four thousand
eight hundred and forty dollars: Provided, That
any tolls or profits arising from the working of
the mill or.shops shall be accounted for to the
agent and by him applied to the use and benefit
of said Indians.
Osages.
For interest on sixty-nine thousand one hun-
dred and twenty dollars, at five per centum, being
the value of fifty-four sections of land set apart
second June, eighteen hundred and twenty-five,
for educational purposes, per Senate resolution
nineteenth January, eighteen hundied and thirty-
eight, three thousand four hundred and fifty-six
duliais.
Ottoes and J\IissouHas.
For eighth of ten installments, being the second
series, in money or otherwise, per fourth article
treaty fifteenth March, eighteen hundred and fifty-
four, thirteen thousand dollars.
For the balance due the confederated tribes
of the Kaskaskias, Peorias, Weas, and Pianke-
phaws, arising from the sale of their " trust lands"
by William Bi indie, late receiver ofthe land office,
as reported by the Commissioner of the General
Land Oiiice, held by said late receiver Brindle,
unaccounted for and not deposited in the United
States Treasury, six thousand eight hundred and
eighteen dollars and thirty cents: Provided, That
when said sum shall be received, it shall be paid
into the Treasury of the United States.
Oltawas and Chippevias of Michigan.
For lastof ten equal annual installments fored-
ucational purposes, to be expended under the di-
rection of the President, according to the wishes
of the Indians, so far as may be reasonable and
just, per second article of the treaty of thirty-first
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-sia; [five,] eight
thousand dollars.
For last of ten installments for the support of
four blacksmith shops, per second article of the
treaty of thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and
fifty-five, four thousand two hundred and forty
dollars.
For last of ten installments of principal, pay-
able annually for ten years, to be distributed per
capita, in the usual manner of paying annuities,
per second article of the treaty of thirty-first July,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For interest on two hundred and six thousand
dollars, unpaid partof the principal sum of three
hundred and six thousand dollars, for one year,
at five per centum per annum, to be distributed
per capita, in the usual manner of paying annu-
ities, per second article of the treaty of thirty-first
July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, ten thou-
sand three hundred dollars.
For last of ten equal annual installments on
thirty-five thousand dollars, in lieu of former treaty
stipulations, to be paid per capita to the Grand
River Oltawas, per second article of the treaty of
thirty-first July, eighteen hundred and fifty-five,
three thousand five hundred dollars.
Pawnees.
For third of five installments of the second
series in goods and such articles as may be ne-
cessary for them, per second article treaty twenty-
fourth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, thirty thousand dollars.
For support of two manual-labor schools an-
nually, during the pleasure of the President, per
third article treaty twenty-fourth September, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-seven, ten thousand dol-
lars.
For pay of two teachers, under the direction
of the President, per third article treaty twenty-
fourth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, one thousand two hundred dollars.
For purchase of iron and steel, and other ne-
cessaries for the shop, during the pleasure of the
President, per fourth article treaty twenty-fourth
September, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, five
hundred dollars.
For pay of two blacksmiths, one of whom to
be a gunsmith and tinsmith, per fourth article
treaty twenty-fourth September, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-seven, one thousand two hundred
dollars.
For compensation of two strikers or appren-
tices in shop, per fourth article of treaty twenty-
fourth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, four hundred and eighty dollars.
For eighth of ten installments for farming uten-
sils and slock, during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, per fourth article treaty twenty-fourth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, one
thousand two hundred dollars.
For pay of farmer, per fourth article treaty
twenty-fourth September, eighteen hundred and
fifty-seven, six hundred dollars.
For seventh often installments for pay of mill-
er, at the discretion of the President, per fourth
article treaty twenty-fourth September, eighteen
hundred and fifty-seven, six hundred dollars.
For seventh of ten installments for pay of an
engineer, at the discretion of the President, per
fourth article' treaty twenty-fourth September,
eighteen hundred and fifty-seven, one thousand
two hundred dollars. .
For compensation to apprentices, to assist in
working the mill, per fourth article treaty 'wenty-
fourth September, eighteen hundred and fifty-
seven, five hundred dollars.
For grist and saw mill, and keeping the same
in repair, three hundred dollats.
Pottawatomies of Huron.
For pertpanentannuity in moneyorotherwise,
per second article treaty seventeenth November,
eighteen hundred and seven, fourhundred dollars.
Pottawatomies.
For permanent annuity in silver, per fourth ar-
ticle treaty third August, seventeen hundred and
ninety-five, one thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity in silver, per third ar-
ticle treaty thii tietli September,eighteen hundred
and nine, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in silver, per third ar-
ticle treaty second October, eighteen hundred and
eighteen, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in money, per second
article treaty twentieth September, eighteen hun-
dred and twenty-eight, two thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity in specie, per second
article treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen hufl-
dred and twenty-nine, sixteen thousand dollars.
For life annuity to chief, per third article treaty
twentieth October, eighteen hundred and tliirty-
two, two hundred dollars.
For life annuity to chiefs, per third article treaty
twenty-sixth September, eighteen hundred and
thirty-three, seven hundred dollars. '
For education during the pleasure of Congress,
per third article treaty sixteenth October, eighteen
hundred and twenty-six, second article treaty
twentieth September,eighteen hundred and twen-
ty.-eight, and fourth article treaty twenty-seventh
October, eighteen hundred and thirty-two, five
thousand dollars.
For permanent provision for the payment of
money in lieu of tobacco, iron, and steel, per sec-
ond article treaty twentieth September, eighteen
hundred and twenty-eight, and tenth article ofthe
treaty of the fifth and seventeenth June, eighteen
hundred and forty-six, three hundred dollars.
For permanent provision for three blacksmiths
and assistants, and permanent provisions for iron
and steel for shops, per third article treaty six-
teenth Octobcr, eighteen hundred and twenty-six,
second article treaty twentieth September, eigh-
teen hundred and twenty-eight, and second article
treaty twenty-ninth July, eighteen hundred and
twenty-nine, two thousand one hundied and sixty
dollars; and to supply a deficiency in this appro-
priation for the cuirent fiscal year, seven hundred
and fourteen dollais.
For permanent provision for fifty barrels of salt,
per second article of treaty twenty-ninth July,
eighteen hundred and twenty-nine, two hundred
and fifty dollars.
For interest on six hundred and forty-three
thousand dollars, at five per centum, per seventh
article of the treaty of the fifth and seventeenth
June, eighteen hundred and forty-six, thirty-two
thousand one hundied and fifty dollars.
Quapaws.
For education during the pleasure of the Pres-
ident, per third article treaty thirteenth May,
eighteen hundred and thirty-three, one thousand
dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools, .
and iron and steel for shop, during the pleasure
of the President, per third article treaty thirteenth
May, eighteen hundred and thirty-three, one thou-
sand and sixty dollars.
For farmer during the pleasure of the Presi-
dent, per third article treaty thirteenth May, eigh-
teen hundred and thirty-three, six hundied dol-
lars.
Rogue Rivers.
For twelfth of sixteen installments in blankets,
clothing, farming utensils, and stock, per third ar-
ticle treaty tenth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For balance due claimants under third article
of the treaty of September tenth, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-three, with the Rogue River In-
dians, for improvements made by land claimants
on the Indian reserve, eight hundred and fourteen
dollars and eighty-two cents.
Sacs and Foxes of Mississippi.
For permanent annuity in goods or otherwise,
per third article treaty third November, eighteeu
hundred and four, one thousand dollars.
Foriutere&toiitvvo hundred thousand dollars, at
