154
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[March
38ih Cong....2d-Skss.
Laius of the United States.
five per centum, per second article treaty twenty-
first October, eighteen hundred and tlwrty-seven,
ten thousand dollars.
For interest on eight hundred thousand dol-
lars, at five per centum, per second article treaty
eleventh October, eighteen hundred and forty-
two, forty thousand dollars.
Sacs and Foxes of Missouri.
For interest on one hundred and fifty-seven
thousand four hundred dollars, at five per centum,
under the direction of the President, per second
article treaty twenty-first October, eighteen hun-
dred and thirty-seven, seven thousand eight hun-
dred and seventy dollars.
Seminoles.
For the ninth of tenth installmentsfor the sup-
port of schools, per eighth article treaty seventh
August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, three
thousand dollars.
For the ninth of tenth installments for agri-
cultural assistance, per eighth article treaty sev-
enth August, eighteen hundred and fifty-six, two
thousand dollars.
For the ninth of tenth installments for the sup-
pott of smiths and smiths' shops, per eighth ar-
ticle treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred and
fifty-six, two thousand two hundred dollars.
For five per centum interest or two hundred and
fifty thousand dollars, to be paid as annuity, per
eighth article treaty seventh August, eighteen
hundred and fifty-six, twelve thousand five hun-
dicd dollars.
For interest on two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars,at five per centum, to be paid as annuity,
they havmgjoined their brethren West, per eighth
article treaty seventh August, eighteen hundred
and fifty-six, twelve thousand five hundred dol-
lars:
• Senecas.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth
article treaty twenty-ninth September, eighteen
hundred and seventeen, five hundred dollars.
For permanent annuity in specie, per fourth ar-
ticle treaty seventeenth September, eighteen hun-
dred and eighteen, five hundred dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel, during the pleasure of the
Piesident, per fourth article treaty twenty-eighth
February, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, one
thousand and sixty dollars.
For milier during the pleasure of the President,
per fourth article tieaty twenty-eighth February,
eighteen hundred and thirty-one, six hundred dol-
lars.
Senecas of New York.
For permanent annuity, in lieu of interest on
stock, per act of nineteenth February, eighteen
hundred nnd thiity-one, six thousand dollars.
For interest, in lieu of investment, on seventy-
five thousand dollars, at five per centum, per act
of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hundred and
foi ty-stx, three thousand seven hundred and fifty
dollars.
For interest, at five per centum, on forty-three
thousand and fifty dollars, transferred from On-
tario bank to the United States Treasury, per act
of twenty-seventh June, eighteen hundred and
forty-six, two thousand one hundred and fifty-
two dollars and fifty cents.
Senecas and Shawnees.
For permanentannuity in specie, perfourth arti-
cle treaty seventeenth September, eighteen hun-
dred and eighteen, one thousand dollars.
For blacksmith and assistant, shop and tools,
and iron and steel for shop, during the pleasure
of the Piesident, per fourth article treaty twen-
tieth July, eighteen hundred and thirty-one, one
thousand and sixty dollars.
Shaicnees.
For permanent annuity for educational pur-
poses, per fourth article treaty third August, sev-
enteen hundred and ninety-five, and third article
tieaty tenth May, eighteen hundred and fifty-four,
one thousand dollars.
For twelfth installment of interest, at five per
centum, on forty thousand dollars for education,
pei thud article treaty tenth May,eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
For permanent annuity for educational pur-
poses, per fourth article treaty twenty-ninth Sep-
tember, eighteen hundred and seventeen,and third
article treaty tenth May, eighteen hundred and
fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
Six Nations of Neto YorJc,
For permanent annuity in clothing and other
useful articles, per sixth article treaty eleventh
November, seventeen hundred and ninety-four,
four thousand five hundred dollars.
Treaty of Fort Laramie.
For last of five installments, at the discretion
of the President, in provisions and merchandise,
for payment of annuities, and transportation of
the same, to certain tribes of Indians, seventy
thousand dollars.
Umpquas, (Cow Creek Band.)
For twelfth of twenty installments in blankets,
clothing, provisions, and stock, per third article
treaty nineteenth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, five hundred and fifty dollars.
Umpquas and Calapooias,of Umpqua Valley, Ore-
gon.
For firstof five installments, of the third series,
of annuity for beneficial ob jects, to be expended
as -directed by the President, per third article
treaty nineteenth September, eighteen hundred
and fifty-three, one thousand seven hundred dol-
lars.
For eleventh of fifteen installments for the pay
of a physician and purchase of medicines, per sixth
article treaty twenty-ninth November, eighteen
hundred and fifty-four, two thousand dollars.
For eleventh of twenty installments for the pay
of a teacher and purchase of books and stationery,
per sixth article treaty twenty-ninth November,
eighteen hundred and fifty-four, one thousand
four hundred and fifty dollars.
Winnebagoes.
For interest on one million dollars, at five per
centum, per fourth article treaty first November,
eighteen hundred and thirty-seven, fifty thousand
dollars.
For nineteenth of thirty installments of interest
on eighty-five thousand dollars, at five per centum,
per fourth article treaty thirteenth October, eigh-
teen hundred and forty-six, four thousand two
hundred and fifty dollars.
For the payment of goods purchased for the
Winnebagoes, Mississippi, Sioux, and Yancton
Sioux, to replace those lost by the bur[n]ingof the
steamer" Welcome"atSc.Louis,on the fifteenth
day of July, eighteen hundred and sixty-four,
fifry-four thousand seven hundred and seventy-
one dollars and eighty-three cents; and to replace
the goods destined for Indians in New Mexico,
which were burned on the steamer " Welcome"
at St. Louis on the fifteenth day of July, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-four, two thousand seven
hundred and forty-five dollars and eighty-three
cents; and to replace the goods destined for In-
dians in theTerritoryofUtah, which were burned
on one of the wagons transporting the same from
Nebraska City to Utah, on the twenty-second day
of August, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, six
thousand three hundred and thirty-one dollars and
thirty-eight cents: Provided, however, That any
moneys to he recovered for insurance upon said
goods shall be refunded to the Treasury of the
United States.
For the payment of awards made by the Secre-
tary of the Interior, to be paid as damages growing
out of the loss and destruction of improvements
made upon the lands known as the Winnebago
reservation, in Blue Earth county, Minnesota,
by the bona fide actual settlers thereon, under the
preemption laws of the United States, before the
same was selected and set apart as an Indian res-
ervation, and which award was made pursuant
to an act of Congtess entitled "An act for the re-
lief of preemptors on the home reservation of
the Winnebagoes, in the Blue Earth region in the
State of Minnesota," approved July fourteenth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, and to be paid
to the several parties named in the said award,
seven thousand three hundred and two dollars
and six cents.
Yancton Tribe of Sioux.
For seventh of ten installments to be paid to
them or expended for their bent fit, commencing
with the year in which they shall remove to and
settle and reside upon their reservation, per fourth ,
article treaty nineteenth April, eighteen hundred
and fifty-eight, sixty-five thousand dollars.
Calapooias, Molalla, and Clackamas Indians, of
Willamette Valley.
For first of five installments of the second series
of annuity for beneficial objects, per second arti-
cle treaty twenty-second January, eighteen hun-
dred and fifty-five, six thousand five hundred
dollars.
Poncas.
For the second of ten installments of the sec-
ond series, to be paid to them or expended for
their benefit, commencing with the year in which
they shall remove to and settle upon the tract
reserved for their future homes, per second arti-
cle treaty twelfth March, eighteen hundred and
fifty-eight, ten thousand dollars.
For seventh of ten installments for the estab-
lishment and maintenance of one or more manual-
labor schools, under the direction of the Presi-
dent, per second article treaty twelfth March,
eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, five thousand
dollars.
For seventh of ten installments, or during the
pleasure of the President, to be expended in fur-
nishing said Indians with such aid and assistance
in agricultural and mechanical pursuits, includ-
ing the working of the mill provided for in the
first part.of this article, as the Secretary of the
Interior may consider advantageous and neces-
sary for them, per second article treaty twelfth
March, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, seven
thousand five hundred dollars.
D'Wamish and other allied Tribes in Washington
Territory.
For sixth installment on one hundred and fifty
thousand dollars, under the direction of the Pres-
ident, per sixth article treaty twenty-second Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for the estab-
lishmentand support ofan agricultural and indus-
trial-school, and to provide said school with a
suitable instructor or instructors, per fourteenth
article treaty twenty-second January, eighteen
hundred and fifty-five, three thousand dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for the estab-
lishment and support of a smith and carpenter
shop, and to furnish them with the necessary
tools, per fourteenth article treaty twenty-second
January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, five
hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer, and
physician who shall furnish medicines for the
sick, per fourteenth article treaty twenty-second
January, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four
thousand six hundred dollars.
Makah Tribe.
For last of three installments on thirty thou-
sand dollars, under the direction of the President,
per fifth article treaty thirty-first January, eigh-
teen hundred and fifty-five, two thousand dol-
lars.
For sixth of twenty installments for the sup-
port of an agricultural and industrial school, nnd
for pay of teachers, per eleventh aiticle tieaty
thirty-first January, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for snppoi t of
a smith and carpenter's shop, and to provide the
necessary toolstherefor,pereleventh article treaty
thirty-first January, eighteen hundred and fifty-
five, five hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer, and
physician who shall furnish medicines for the
sick, per eleventh article treaty thirty-first Janu-
ary, eighteen hundred and fitty-five, four thou-
sand six hundred dollais.
Walla-Walla, Caijuse, and Umatilla Tribes.
For first of five installments of second series,
to be expended under the direction of the Prcsi-
