156
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
/[March 3,
38th Cong....2d Sess.
Laws of the United States.
port of an agricultural and industrial schoo!,and
for pay for suitable teachers, per eleventh article
treaty twenty-sixth January, eighteen hundred
and fifty-five, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For sixth of twenty installments for the em-
ployment of a blacksmith, carpenter, farmer, and
a physician who shall furnish medicines for the
sick, per eleventh article treaty twenty-sixth Jan-
uary, eighteen hundred and fifty-five, four thou-
sand six hundred dollars.
Ottawa Indians of Blanchard's Fork and Roche de
Bauf.
For third of four installments, in money, per
fourth article treaty twenty-fourth June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-two, eight thousand five hun-
dred dollars.
For interest on seventeen thousand dollars, at
five per centum, per fourth article treaty twenty-
fourth June, eighteen hundred and sixty-two,
eight hundred and fifty dollars.
For this amount, being the first of four install-
ments of the principal and interest to June thir-
tieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-two, payable
for slocks held by the Government, one thousand
six hundred and fifty-five dollars and thirty-eight
cents.
For.interest on one thousand six hundred and
fifty-five dollars, from July first, eighteen hundred
and sixty-i wo, to June thirtieth, eighteen hundred
and sixty-five, two hundred and ninety-seven
dollars and ninety-six cents.
For second of four installments of the principal
and interest due on stock, two thousand eight
hundred and forty-nine dollars and eighty-seven
cents.
For interest on the balance of the stock, eight
thousand five hundred and forty-nine dollars and
sixty-one cents, held in trust from June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-two, to June thirtieth,
eighteen hundred and sixty-five, one thousand
five hundred and thirty-eight dollars and ninety-
three cents.
For third of four installments of the principal
sum held in stocks by the Government, to be paid
as annuity in eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
two thousand eight hundred and forty-nine dol-
Jais and eighty-seven cents.
For interest on five thousand six hundred and
ninety-nine dollars and seventy-four cents, from
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
to June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
six, two hundredand for ty-one dollars and ninety-
eight cents.
Jlrapahoes and Cheyenne Indians of the Upper
Jlrkunsas River.
For fifth of fifteen installments of annuity of
thirty thousand dollars, to be expended for their
benefit—that is to say, fifteen thousand dollars
per annum for each tribe, commencing with the
year in which they shall remove to and settle
upon their reservations—thirty thousand dollars.
For third of five installments to provide the said
Indians with a mill suitable for sawing timber and
grinding grain, one or more mechanic shops, with
necessaiy tools for the same,and dwelling-houses
for an interpreter, miller, engineer for mill, (if one
be necessary,) farmers, and the mechanics that
may be employed for their benefit, five thousand
dollars.
For transportation and necessary expenses of
delivery of annuities, goods, and provisions, five
thousand dollars.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of the delivery of annuities and provis-
ions to the ChippewasofLakeSuperior, five thou-
sand seven hundred and sixty-two dollars and
sixty-three cents.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of the delivery of annuities and provis-
ions to the Chippewas of the Mississippi, three
thousand eight hundred and eighty-snc dollars
and seventy-five cenjs.
Chippewas of Red Lake, and Pembina Tribe of
Chippewas.
For annuity to be paid per capita to the Red
Lake band of Chippewas, during the pleasure of
the Piesident, per third article treaty second Oc-
tober, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and sec-
ond article supplementary to treaty twelfth April,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four; ten thousand
dollars.
For this amount to the Pembina band of Chip-
pewas, during the pleasure of the President, five
thousand dollars.
For the second of fifteen installments to be
expended annually for the purpose of supplying
them with gillmg twine, cotton matter, calico,
linsey. blankets, sheeting, flannels, provisions,
farming tools, and for such other useful articles,
and for such other useful purposes as may be
deemed for their best interests, per third article
supplementary treaty of twelfth April, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, eight thousand dollars.
For the second of fifteen installments for same
objects for the Pembina band of Chippewas, four
thousand dollars.
For second offifteen installments for pay of one
blacksmith, one physician,who shall furnish med-
icine for the sick, one miller and one farmer, three
thousand nine hundred dollars.
For second of fifteen installments for tho pur-
chase of iron and steel and other articles for black-
smithing purposes, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
For second of fifteen installments, to be ex-
pended for carpentering and other purposes; one
thousand dollars.
For second of fifteen installments, to defray the
expenses of a board of visitors, to consist of not
more than three persons, to attend upon the an-
nuity payments of the said Chippewa Indians,
whose salary shall not exceed five dollars per
day, nor more than twenty days, and ten cents
per mile for traveling expenses, and not to exceed
three hundred miles, three hundred and ninety
dollars.
For insurance and transportation of annuity
goods and provisions, and material for building
mill, including machinery, iron and steel for black-
smiths, for the Chippewas of Red Lake and Pem-
bina tribe, ten thousand dollars.
For the first payment per fourth article of the
treaty of October second, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three, to be expended in the purchase of
powder, load, twine, or such other beneficial pur-
poses as the chiefs may request, to be equitably
distributed among the said bands, two thousand
dollars.
For the sum of five hundred dollars to be paid
to each of the seven chiefs of said bands, at the
first payment, to enable each to build for himself
a house, per fifth article treaty October second,
eighteen hundred and sixty-three, three thousand
five hundred dollars.
Eastern Bands of Shoshonees.
For second of twenty installments, to be ex-
pended, under the direction of the President, in
the purchase of such articles as he may deem suit-
able to their wants, either as hunters or herdsmen,
ten thousand dollars.
Western Band of Shoshonees.
For first of twenty installments in such articles,
including cattle for herding or other purposes,as
the President shall deem suitable for their wants
and condition,either as hunters or herdsmen, per
seventh article treaty October first, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
five thousand dollars.
For second of twenty installments for same ob-
jects, for the fiscal yearending June thirtieth, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-six, five thousand dollars.
Northwestern Bands of Shoshonees.
For second of twenty installments, to be ex-
pended, under the direction of the President, in the
purchase of such articles as he may deem suitable
to their wants, cither as hunters or herdsmen, five
thousand dollars.
Goship Bands of Shoshonees.
For second of twenty installments, to be ex-
pended, under the direction of the President, in the
purchase of such articles, including cattle for herd-
ing, or other purposes, as he shall deem suitable
for their wants and condition, either as huntsmen
or herdsmen, one thousand dollars.
Creek Nation.
For interest on two hundred thousand dollars,
at five per centum per annum, as permanent an-
nuity to be paid them in money, ok for such me-
chanical labor or useful aiticles as| the Secretary
of the Interior may from time to turne direct, teq
thousand dollars. ,
For payment of second of five /installments, to
be expended for their benefit lryi the purchase of
stock, horses, sheep, clothing, stnd such other ar-
ticles as the Secretary of the. Interior, with the
council of said nation, may direct, forty thousand
dollars. i
Indian Service in JVSw Mexico.
For general incidental expenses of the Indian
service in New Mexico, presents of goods, agri-
cultural implements,and otheif useful articles,and
to assist them to locate in perijnanent abodes, and
sustain themselves by the pur-suits of civilized life,
to be expended under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, fifty thousand dollars.
Indian Service in the District of Gountry leased from
the Choctaws fon the Indians lately residing in
Texas. S
For the expenses of colonizing} supporting, and
furnishingagricultural implementsand stock,pay
of necessary employes,purchase ofclothing, med-
icines, iron and steel,and maintenance of schools
for Indians lately residing in Texas, to be expend-
ed under the direction of the Secretary of the In-
terior, ten thousand dollars.
For the Wichilas and other affiliated Bands.
For the expenses of colonizing, supporting,
and furnishing said bands with agricultural imple-
ments and stock, pay of necessary employes, pur-
chase of clothing, medicines, iron and steel, and
maintenance of schools, to he expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, twenty
thousand dollars.
MISCELLANEOUS.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in California, including traveling ex-
penses of the superintending agents, setfen thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For the purchase of cattle for beef and milk,
together with clothing and food, teams and farm-
ing tools for Indians in California, fifty-live thou-
sand dollars.
For the compensation of five extra clerks, em-
ployed in the Indian office under the acts of fifth
August,eighteen hundredand fifty-four,and third
March,eighteen hundredand fifty-five, and under
appropriations made from year to year, seven
thousand dollars: Provided, That the said extra
clerks shall not be employed after the thirtieth day
of June, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, unless
specially provided for by law.
For compensation of one cleric in the Indian
office, to enable the Secretary of the Interior to
carry out the regulations prescribed to give effect
to the seventh section of the.act of March third,
eighteen hundred and fifty-five, granting bounty
lands to Indians, fourteen hundred dollars: Pro-
vided, That the said clerk shall not be employed
after the thirtieth day of June, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, unless specially provided for by
law.
For compensation of two extra clerks in the
Indian office, employed to carry out the treaty
with the Chickasaws in the adjustment of their
claims, two thousand eight hundred dollars: Pro-
vided, That the said extra clerks shall not be em-
ployed after the thirtieth day of June, eighteen
hundred and sixty-six, unless specially provided
for by law.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of the delivery of annuities and provis-
ions to the Indian tribes in Minnesota and Michi-
gan, twenty thousand three hundred and fifty dol-
lars and sixty-two cents.
For insurance, transportation, and necessary
expenses of the delivery of Pawnee, Ponca, and
Yancton Sioux annuity goods and provisions, ten
thousand dollars.
For expenses of transportation and delivery of
annuity goods to the Blackfeet Indians, for the
year, seventeen thousand dollars.
For expenses attending the vaccination of In-
dians, two thousand five hundred dollars.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in Oregon and Washington Terri-
tory, including insurance and transportation of
annuity goods and presents, (where no special
