1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
m
.. .ifv..
Laws of the United States,
38th Cong....2d Sess.
provision therefor is made by treaties,) and office
and traveling expenses of the superintendent and
sub-agents, tliirty-five thousand dollars.
For defraying theexpenses of the removal and
subsistence of Indians in Oregon and Washington
Territory, (not parties to any treaty,) and for pay
of necessary employes, fifty thousand dollars.
Indian Service in Nevada.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in Nevada, presents of goods, agri-
cultural implements, and other useful articles, and
to assist them to locate in permanent abodes, and
sustain themselves by the pursuits of civilized life,
to be expended under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, twenty-five thousandaoilars.
Indian Service in Utah Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in Utah Territory, presents of goods,
agricultural implements, and other useful articles,
and to assist them to locate in permanent abodes
and sustain themselves by the pursuits of civilized
life, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, twenty-live thousand
dollars.
Indian Service in Colorado Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in Colorado Territory, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, and other useful
ai tides, and to assist them to locate in permanent
abodes, and sustain themselves by the pursuits of
civilized life, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, twenty-five thou-
sand dollars.
For payment ofinterest on fifteen thousand dol-
lars, abstracted bonds, for the fiscal year ending
June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-five,
for the Cherokee school fund, nine hundred dol-
lars.
For payment of interest on sixty-eight thou-
sand dollars, abstracted bonds, for the fiscal year
ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and sixty-
five, of the Cherokee national fund, four thousand
and eighty dollars.
JVavajo Indians in New Mexico.
For subsistence for the Navajo Indians, and for
the purchase of agricultural implements, seeds,
and other articles necessary for breaking the
ground on the reservation upon the Pecos river,
one hundred thousand dollars: Provided, Thatany
part of said sum may be used to furnish wool or
other necessary materials to said Indians, to be
by them manufactured into clothingand blankets.
For payment of interest on one million six hun-
dred and ninety thousand three hundred dollars,
non-paying stock held by the Secretary of the
Interior in trust for various Indian tribes, up to
and including the interest payable July first, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-six, four hundred and
forty-six thousand four hundred and thirty-three
dollars and fifty cents.
For subsistence, clothing, and general incidental
expenses of the Sisseton, Wahpaton, Medawa-
kanton, and Wahpakoota bands of feioux or Da-
kota Indians, at their new homes, one hundred
thousand dollars.
Indian Service in Idaho Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in IdahoTerritory, presents of goods,
agricultural implements, and other useful articles,
and to assist them to locate in permanentabodes,
and sustain themselves by the pursuits of civilized
life, to be expended under the direction of the
Secretary of tiie Interior, twenty thousand dollars.
Indian Service in the Territory of Arizona.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in the Teriitory of Arizona, presents
of goods, agricultural implements, and other use-
ful articles, and to assist them to locate in perma-
nent abodes, and sustain themselves by the pur-
suits of civilized life, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, twenty
thousand dollars.
All that part of the public domain in the Ter-
ritory of Arizona, lying west of a direct line from
Half-Way Bend to Corner Rock on the Colorado
river, containing about seventy-five thousand
acres of land, shall be set apart for an Indian res-
ervation for the Ind ians of said river and its tribu-
taries.
To supply deficiencies in the Indian service in
ArizonaTerritory, twelve thousand nine hundred
dollars for the present fiscal year.
Indian Service in Montana Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in Montana Territory, presents of
goods, agricultural implements, and other useful
articles, and to assist them to locate in permanent
abodes, and sustain themselves by the pursuits
of civilized life, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, twenty thou-
sand dollars.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior to ne-
gotiate a treaty with the Blackfoot and othertribes
of Indians to relinquish so much of their reserva-
tion as lies south of the Missouri river, fifteen
thousand dollars.
California.
For pay of one physician, one blacksmith, one
assistant blacksmith, one farmer, one carpenter,
upon each of the'four reservations of California,
at the rate of fifty dollars per month, twelve thou-
sand dollars.
Indian Service in Dakota Territory.
For the general incidental expenses of the In-
dian service in Dakota Territory, presents of
goods, agricultural implements,and other useful
articles, and to assist them to locate in permanent
abodes and sustain themselves by the pursuits of
civilized life, to be expended under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, twenty thousand
dollars.
To enable the agent of the Yankton Sioux to
restore to the friendly members of said tribe the
goods and property and provisions taken from
them by the troops of the United States, ten thou-
sand dollars.
To enable the superintendent of Indian affairs
of Dakota Territory, under the direction of the
President, to negotiate a treaty of peace and amity
with the hostile Sioux, and other hostile tribes
allied with them, twenty thousand dollars.
For the transportation and necessary expenses
of delivery of provisions to the Indians within the
Utah superintendeney, twenty-two thousand five
hundred dollars.
For salary of a special agent to take charge of
Winnebago and Pottawatomie Indians now in the
Stale of Wisconsin, one thousand five hundred
dollars.
Tabeguache Band of Utah Indians.
For the firstof ten installments for the purchase
of goods, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior, per eighth article treaty of October
seventh, eighteen hundred and sixty-three, and
Senate amendment of March twenty-fifth, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-four, ten thousand dollars.
For the same for the year ending thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For the first of ten installments for the purchase
of provisions, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, ten thousand dollars.
For the same for the year ending thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, ten thou-
sand dollars.
For the purchaseof five American stallions, per
ninth article treaty seventh October, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-three, and Senate amendment ol
twenty-fifth March, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, two thousand dollars.
For the first of five installments, to be applied
for the purposes of agriculture, and for the pui-
chase of farming utensils and stock animals, ten
thousand dollars. _
For the same for the year ending thirtieth of
June, eighteen hundred and sixty-five, ten thou-
sand dollars. . , .
For insurance, transportation, and general in-
cidental expenses of the delivery of goods, pro-
visions, and stock, five thousand dollars.
Winnebago and Pottawatomie Indians of Wisconsin.
To enable the Secretary of the Interior fo take
charo-e of certain stray bands of Winnebago and
Pottawatomie Indians in the State of Wisconsin,
ten thousand dollars.
Chippewas of the Mississippi and Pillagers and Luke
Winnebugoshish Bands of Chippewa Indians in
Minnesota.
For this amount to be applied in payment to-
ward the settlement of claims for depredations
committed by said Indians in eighteen hundred
and sixty-two, per third article of the treaty May
seven, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, for the
present fiscal year, twenty thousand dollars.
For this amount to be paid to the chiefs of the
Mississippi bands of Chippewas upon the ratifi-
cation of this treaty, per third article treaty May
seven, eighteen hundred and sixty-four, for the
present fiscal year, ten thousand dollars.
For this amount to be paid to the Chief Hole-
in-the-Day for depredations committed in burning
his house and furniture in eighteen hundred and
sixty-two, per third article treaty May seven,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, for the present
fiscal year, five thousand dollars.
Forclearing, stumping, grubbing, breaking, and
planting oil the reservation hereby set apart for
the Chippewas of Mississippi, in lots of not less
than ten acres each, for the five bands of Indians,
per fourth article of treaty May seven, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, for the present fiscal year,
seven thousand five hundred dollars.
For this amount to be expended in building for
each of the chiefs of the five bands of the Chip-
pewas of Mississippi, provided for in the fourth
article of the treaty of May seven, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, one house each, under the
direction of the Secretary of the Interior, for the
fiscal year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, five thousand dollars. _
For first of ten installments to furnish said In-
dians with ten yoke of good work oxen, twenty
log chains, two hundred grubbing hoes, ten plows,
two grindstones, one hundred axes, handled,
twenty spades, and other farming implements,
per fifth article treaty May seven, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-four, for the present fiscal year,
one thousand five hundred dollars.
For the same object for the fiscal year ending
June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, one
thousand five hundred dollars.
For the employment of two carpenters, one
thousand eight hundred dollars, and two black-
smiths, one thousand eight hundred dollars; four
farm laborers, two thousand four hundred dol-
lars; one physician, one thousand two hundred
dollars; and medicine for sick, five hundred dol-
lars, per fifth article treaty May seven, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, for the present fiscal
year, seven thousand seven hundred dollars.
For the same object for the fiscal year end-
ing June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
seven thousand seven hundred dollars.
For this amount to be applied toward the sup-
port of a saw mill to be built for the common use
of the Chippewas of Mississippi, and the Tied
Lake and Pembina bands of Chippewas, so long
as the President may deem it necessary, per sixth
article treaty May seven, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, for the present fiscal year, one thou-
sand dollars.
For same object for the fiscal year ending June
thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-six, one thou-
sand dollars.
For this amount to be expended in building a
road, bridges, &c., to their new agency,per sixth
aiticle treaty May seven, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, for the present fiscal year, seven thou-
sand five hundred dollars.
For new agency buildings to be located by the
Secretary of the interior for the common use of
the Chippewas of Mississippi, Red Lake, and
Pembina, and Pillagers, and Lake Winnebago-
shish bands of Chippewa Indians, per sixth article
treaty May seven, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, for the fiscal.year ending June thirty, eigh-
teen hundred and sixty-six, twenty-five thousand
dollars, or so much thereof as shall be necessary.
For pay of services and traveling expenses of
a board of visitors, toconsistof notmore thanfive
persons, to attend the annuity payments to the
Indians, and so forth, and to inspect the fields,
buildings, mills, and other improvements as stip-
ulated in the seventh article treaty May seven,
eighteen hundred and sixty-four, not exccedmg-
aify one year more than twenty days'service, at
five dollars per day, or more than three hundred
