158
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 10,
38th Cong. ... 2d Bess.
Laivs of the United States.
miles travel, at ten cents per mile, for the fiscal
year ending: June thirty, eighteen hundred and
Bixty-six, six hundred and fifty dollars.
For expenses of (he removal of Chippewas,of
Mississippi, to their new homes, per twelfth arti-
cle treaty May seven, eighteen hundred and sixty-
four, at a rate not exceeding ten dollars each per-
son , for the fiscal year ending June thirty, eigh teen
hundred and sixty-six, eleven thousand dollars,
or so much thereof as shall be necessary.
For thft expenses of subsistence of eleven
hundred Chippewas, of the Mississippi, for six
months at their new homes, at a rate not exceed-
ing thirty-eight cents per day for each person,
per twelfth article treaty May seven, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four, for the fiscal year end-
ing June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-six,
seventy-five thousand two hundred and forty dol-
lars, or so much thereof as shall be necessary.
For transportation of subsistence for Indians,
for six months, to their new homes, per twelfth
article treaty May seven, eighteen hundred and
sixty-four, at a rafe hot exceeding seven cents per
pound, for the fiscal year ending June thirty,
eighteen hundred and sixty-six, thirty thousand
four hundred and ninety-two dollars, or so much
thereof tis shall be necessary.
For the payment of female teachers employed
on the reservation to instruct Indian girls in do-
mestic economy, per thirteenth article treaty May
seven, eighteen hundied and sixty-four, for the
fiscal year ending June thirty, eighteen hundred
and sixty-six, one thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That, to pro-
vide for the usual distribution of medals among
the chiefs of the Indian tribes, the sum of five
thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That the Sec-
retary of theTreasuty isauthorized to pay in coin
such of ihcannuities as by the terms of any tieaty
of the United States with any Indian tribe ate re-
quired to be pnid in coin.
Sec. 4. And he it farther enacted, That each of
the chiefs, warriors, and heads of families of the
Stockbndge Munsee tribes of Indians residing in
the county of Shawana and State of Wisconsin,
may, under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior, enter a homestead and become entitled
to all the benefits of an act entitled " An act to
secure homesteads to actual settlers on the public
domain," approved May twenty, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two, free from any fee or charge
whatever, and any part of the lands being a part
of their present reservation, which may be aban-
doned under the foregoing provisions, may be
sold under the direction of the Secretary of the
lntcnor, and the proceeds applied for the benefit
of such Indians as may settle on said homesteads,
to aid them in improving the same. The said
homestead thus secured shall not be subject to any
tax, levy, or sale whatever, nor shall the same be
sold, conveyed, mortgaged, or in any manner in-
cumbered except upon the decree of the district
court of the United States, as hereinafter provided.
Whenever any of said chiefs, warriors, or heads
of families of said tribes, having filed with the
clerk of the district court of the United States
a declaration of his intention to become a citizen
of the United States, and to dissolve ail relations
with any Indian tribe, two years previous thereto,
shall appear in said court, and prove to the sat-
isfaction thereof, by the testimony of two citizens
ot the United States, that for five years last past
he lias adopted the habits of civilized life, that he
has maintained himself and family by his own
industiy, that he reads and speaks the English
language, that he is well disposed to become a
peaceable and orderly citizen; and that he has suffi-
cient capacity to manage his own affairs; the com t
may enter a decree admitting him to ail the rights
ot a citizen of the United States, and thenceforth
lie siuill be no longer held or treated as a member
of any Indian tribe, but shall be entitled to all the
rights and privileges, and be subject to all the
duties and liabilities to taxation of other citizens
of the United States. But nothing herein con-
tained shall be construed to deprive them of an-
nuities to which they are or may he entitled.
Sec. 5- And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of the Interior be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to expend such part of the amount herein
appropriated to carry into effect any treaty stipu-
lation with any tribe or tribes of Indians, all or
any portion of whom shall be in a state of actual
hostility to the Government of the United States,
including the Creeks, Choctaws, Chickasaws,
Seminoles, Wichitas, and other affiliated tribes,
as well as the Cherokees, as may be found neces-
sary to support such individual members of said
tribes as have been driven from their homes or
reduced to want on account of their friendship to
the United States, and enable them to subsist until
they can support themselves in their own country:
Provided, That an account shall be kept of the
sums so paid for the benefit of the said members
of said tribes, which accountshnll be rendered to
Congress, at the commencement of the next ses-
sion thereof, and all the purchases of articles for
the purposes above set forth, shall be made of the
lowest responsible bidder after sufficient public
notice by advertisement in appropriate newspa-
pers: Provided, also, That the said Secretary shall
not be required to accept any bid which is in his
judgment unreasonable in its character: Provided
farther, That no part of said annuities shall be
expended for Indians outside of the Indian Ter-
ritory south of Kansas, except in providing for
such individual Indians or families as are sick and
unable to remove to thatTerritory, or such as may
be driven out of that Territory by armed rebels,
after the passage of this act.
Sec. 6. And be tifarther enacted, That the Secre-
tary of theTreasury be, and he is hereby, author-
ized arid directed, in lieu of the bonds for the sum
of two hundred and fifty thousand dollars, ap-
propriated for the use of the Choctaw Indians, by
an act entitled "An act making appropriations
for the currentand contingentexpenses of the In-
dian department, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with the various Indian tribes, for the year
ending June thirty, eighteen hundred and sixty-
two," approved March second, eighteen hundred
and sixty-one, to pay to the Secretary of the Inte-
rior two hundred and fifty thousand dollars for the
relief and support of individual members of Cher-
okee, Creek, Choctaw, Chickasaw, Seminole,
Wichita, and other affiliated tribes of Indians,
who have been driven from their homes and re-
duced to want on account of their friendship to
the Government, as contemplated by the provis-
ions of an act entitled "An act making appropri-
ations for the currentand contingent expenses of
the Indian department, and for fulfilling tieaty
stipulations with the various Indian tribes for the
year ending June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and
sixty-three," approved July fifth, eighteen hun-
dred and sixty-two.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the Sec-
retary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized
to furnish the so-called refugee Indians in the In-
dian Territory such tempoiary relief as may be
absolutely necessary, including clothing and pro-
visions during the residue of the fiscal year end-
ing the thirtieth of June, eighteen hundred and
sixty-five, to be furnished out of any money ap-
propriated for the commissary and quartermas-
ter's department: Provided, That a detailed report
shall be made to Congress,at its next session, of
all expenditures made for their relief.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That any per-
son who may drive or remove, except as herein-
after provided, any cattle, horses, or other stock
from the Indian Territory for the purposes of
trade or commerce, shall be guilty of a felony,
and on conviction be punished by fine not ex-
ceeding five thousand dollars, or by imprison-
ment not exceeding three years, or by both such
fine and imprisonment.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted,That the agent
of each tribe of Indians, lawfully residing in the
said Indian Territory, be, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to sell for the benefit of said Indians any
cattle, horses,orother live stock belonging to said
Indians, and not required for their use and sub-
sistence, under such regulations as shall be estab-
lished by the Secretary of the Interior: Provided,
That nothing in this and the preceding section
shall interfere with the execution of any order
lawfully issued by the Secretary of War, ton-
nected with the movement or subsistence of the
troops of the United States.
Approved, March 3, 1865.
PUBLIC RESOLUTIONS.
No. 1.—Joint Resolution authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Navy to expend a Portion of the
Contingent Fund for enlarging the Navy De-
partment Building.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of the Navy be,
and he hereby is, authorized to expend so much
of the contingent fund heretofore appropriated as
may be necessary for the enlargement of the Navy
Department building to meet the wants of the
Department.
Approved, December 15, 1864.
No. 3.—A Resolution tendering the Thanks of
Congress to Captain John A. Winslow, U. S.
Navy, and to the Officers and Men under his
Command on Board the U, S. Steamer Kear-
sarge, in her Conflict with the Piratical Craft
the "Alabama;" in Compliance with the Presi-
dent's Recommendation to Congress of the fifth
of December,eighteen hundred and sixty-four.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the thanks of Congress are due,
and are hereby tendered, to Captain John A.
Winslow, of the United States Navy, and to the
officers, petty officers, seamen, and maunes ofthe
United States steamer " Kearsarge," for the skill
and gallantry exhibited by him and the officers
and men under his command, in the brilliant ac-
tion on the nineteenth of June, eighteen hundied
and sixty-four, between that ship and the pirati-
cal craft "Alabama"—a vessel superior to his
own in tonnage, in guns, and in the number of her
crew.
Approved, December 20, 1864.
No. 4.—A Resolution tendering the Thanks of
Congress to Lieutenant William B. Cashing,
of the United States Navy, and to the Officers
and Men who assisted him in his gallant and
perilous Achievement in destroying the rebel
Steamer "Albemarle," in Compliance with the
President's Recommendation to Congress of
the fifth of December, eighteen hundred [and]
sixty-four.
Resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the thanks of Congress are due,
and are hereby tendered, to Lieutenant William
B. Gushing, of the United States Navy, and to
the officers and men under his command, for the
skill and gallantry exhibited by them in the de-
struction of the rebel iron-clad* steamer "Albe-
marle," at Plymouth, North Carolina, on the
night of the twenty-seventh of October, eighteen
hundred and sixty-four.
Approved, December 20, 1864.
No. 5.—Joint Resolution tendering the Thanks
of the People and of Congress to Major Gen-
eral William T. Sherman, and the Officcrsand
Soldiers of his Command, for their gallant Con-
duct in their late brilliant Movement through
Georgia.
JBe it resolved by the Senate and House, of Repre-
sentatives ojthe United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the thanks of the people and of
the Congress of the United States are due, and
are hereby tendered to Major General William
T. Sherman, and through him to the officers and
men under his command, for their gallantry and
good conduct in their late campaign from Chatta-
nooga to Atlanta, and the triumphial march thence
through Georgia to Savannah, terminating in the
capture and occupation of that city; and that the
President cause a copy of this joint resolution to
be engrossed and forwarded to Major General
Sherman.
Approved, January 10, 1865.
No. 6.—Joint Resolution providing for the Ter-
mination of the Reciprocity Treaty of fifth
June,eighteen hundred and fifty-four, between
the United States and Gieat Britain.
Whereas it is provided in the Reciprocity
Treaty concluded at Washington, the fifth of
