
arms that could be sold, which is the fact. I regret to add that I am not at liberty to authorize the delivery of the arms until payment is made, it being contrary to law.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, November 28, 1860.

JOSEPH R. ANDERSON, Esq.,

Tredegar Iron Works, Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I have received your letter of the 21st instant in regard to your contract for making guns for the Government. If I were to change the orders as now existing and enter into new arrangements for procuring guns I should have to advertise for proposal and take the lowest bid. The results of actual trials, especially those most recently made, show a decided superiority of the hollow-cast guns. You will thus perceive that in either case the interest of the Government would not be subserved os farms regards proper precautions for obtaining cannon of the best quality. Under these circumstances, although with every disposition to accommodate you in your work for this Department, I cannot change the present orders for cannon. It is very desirable that you, as well as the other founders having similar outstanding orders, should take immediate measures for completing them.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Secretary of War.

RICHMOND, December 1, 1860.

Honorable JOHN B. FLOYD,

Secretary of War, Richmond:

SIR: I take the liberty of introducing to you Mr. J. H. Burton, late master armorer at Enfield, England, and now engaged with Joseph R. Anderson 7 Co., of this place, in executing a contract for the machinery of the Virginia Armory. It will facilitate their operations to be allowed free access to the drawings, machines, tools, &amp;c., and the use of the patterns for castings at the Springfield and Harper's Ferry armories, and as this privilege was accorded to the British Government, I respectfully ask that it may be granted to the agents of the State of Virginia.

I have the honor to remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, December 4, 1860.

The Secretary directs that the privilege within asked for be granted.

By order:

W. R. DRINKDARD.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Richmond, Va., December 6, 1860.

Honorable JOHN B. FLOYD,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I am instructed by the Governor to request that the implements and machinery for manufacturing the Bormann fuse may be made for

