
received no answer. These cannon are necessary to the defense of river towns. I have also made a tender of six additional regiments, to which I have received no answer. I shall put the six additional regiments in camp and under discipline, and hold them subject to the Government's order, at least for a time.

It is important that the four regiments should be furnished with tents and other camp aquipage without further delay. I want ammunition for the cannon service immediately. I have just received a dispatch from General Wool, New York, stating that no musket accouterments can be furnished at this time. This is a fact of which I have had no previous intimation. I shall take immediate steps to supply deficiency. Please answer by Captain R. Stevenson immediately.

Very respectfully, yours,

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Augusta, Me., April 23, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The citizens of Portland feel that some provision should be made for manning one or both of the forts in the harbor of that city, and I have the honor to request that you will give your consent to their occupation for purposes of defense. I have further to ask whether I may receive the fixed ammunition for small-arms now at the Kennebec Arsenal for use of the Maine troops, also whether I can take arms from the arsenal for the same uses? Can the United States furnish the rifled muskets or other efficient arms for the use of infantry, and, if so, when may they be had?

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISRAEL WASHBURN, JR.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., April 23, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Minnesota regiment ready in ten days. Where will they obtain their uniforms?

IGNATIUS DENNELLY,

Governor an interim.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Concord, N. H., April 23, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: We desire to be informed whether the Government will furnish rifled muskets to the New Hampshire troops. We have the plain percussion muskets, but desire the latest pattern of the rifled muskets. If they are in the possession of the Government and can be furnished we should want 2,000 immediately, which can be charged to this State on our quota if the exigencies of the service should permit any question as to the propriety of their delivery unconditionally. New Hampshire will respond promptly to any call which the Government may make for troops, even to the number of 20,000 men.

Please answer at once by telegraph.

Yours, respectfully,

JOSEPH C. ABBOTT,

Adjutant-General.

