
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 23, 1861.

Governor EDWIN D. MORGAN,

Honorable ALEXANDER CUMMINGS:

In consideration of the extraordinary emergencies which demand immediate and decisive measures for the preservation of the national capital and defense of the National Government, I hereby authorize Edwin D. Morgan, Governor of the State of New York, and Alexander Cummings, now in the city of New York, to make all necessary arrangements for the transportation of troops and munitions of war in aid and assistance of the officers of the Army of the United States until communication by mails and telegraph is completely re-established between the cities of Washington and New York. Either of them in case of inability to consult with the other may exercise the authority hereby given.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Columbus, Ohio, April 23, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: My friend the Honorable Edward Ball, formerly member of Congress from this State, is the bearer of this note as a special messenger, whom I have requested to visit you in order to get more full and confidential communication with your Department than seems to be possible by letter or telegram. General Ball is fully possessed of my opinions in regard to the present condition of affairs in this State, and I sincerely hope he will be able to bring me from you such full information that I shall have nearly all the advantages of a personal interview with you.

Assuring you of my extreme anxiety to co-operate most efficiently with the Administration in the present juncture, I remain, very sincerely, yours.

W. DENNINSON,

Governor of Ohio.
HDQRS. OHIO MILITIA AND VOLUNTEER MILITIA, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,Columbus, April 23, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

We have nothing from you since dispatch not to forward, &amp;c. We are urgent that a requisition for the Kentucky quota should reach us soon. We have the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Regiments raised and can make the force 50,000 men. I speak upon due reflection and upon the figures. I shall organize six or eight regiments additional to our quota and put them under drill at any event, and the feeling is so intense that I do not limit the number. We will learn much by ---; left this a. m. We have corn for the year, whether we plant much or not, and never could so well meet the issue of war. When the order is "Advance!" Ohio will go to the Gulf, if need be.

Yours, &c.,

H. B. CARRINGTON,

Adjutant-General.

