
EXECUTIVE CHAMBER,

Harrisonburg, Pa., April 23, 1861.

Honorable ABRAHAM LINCOLN:

DEAR SIR: We have more than the requisition of troops called by the Federal Government now in the field. We can increase our force, and the Legislature, called to meet on the 30th, would justify my action if I continued to receive troops. I will be pleased to act as directed in this respect. In this connection I ask that communications from the Federal Government be made directly to me.

Yours, truly,

A. G. CURTIN.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Montpelier, Vt., April 23, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I desire to inquiry of from any of the U. S. arsenals I can procure by purchase a quantity of rifled muskets of the improved pattern for the use of the regiment detailed for the service of the Government under your requisition upon me. Several of the companies are supplied with the improved arm, while others have smooth bores or rifles of a former pattern. We lack about 300 of the improved muskets in order to arm the regiments uniformly. I am informed by the adjutant and inspector general that the regiment can be at their rendezvous within ten days, and it will give me great pleasure if the above 300 muskets can be obtained before that time. Allow me to advise and to request that the place of rendezvous should be changed from Burlington to Rutland. Is the residence of the adjutant and inspector general, and is more accessible to a majority of the companies than Burlington, and sixty-two miles nearer to new York. A free passage for the regiment has been tendered to me by the railroads between Rutland and New York.

You will please give early notice to the adjutant and inspector general (H. Henry Naxter, Rutland, Vt.) of your decision in regard to the foregoing premises.

I have the honor to be, with high consideration, your obedient servant,

ERASTUS FAIRBANKS.

P. S.- Will you please reply by telegraph and also by mail? If the muskets can be obtained, I am authorized to pay for them or to receive them on account of the Government, as you may direct.

NEW YORK, April 23, 1861.

To the PRESIDENT:

MY DEAR SIR: You will see by the date of this note that I am here in New York. I have come for the purpose of conferring and advising with our friends here, and if you have any commands to give or suggestions to make I will be happy to receive them, and will endeavor to discharge them faithfully and promptly. Let me assure you the country is aroused, and it is heart-cheering to see with what alacrity the people rally to your support. I am confident it must be seen to be fully appreciated. The country will stand nobly by you in all your acts. Let them be full and ample; they cannot be too energetic. We are

