
Washington. The people of the North are very apprehensive lest the capital should be taken, which they determine, however, shall not take place if men money can prevent it. They can submit to no terms whatever without the South submits unconditionally. I should be pleased to learn the actual condition of affairs in Washington and whether it is safe or otherwise.

I have the honor to be, with considerations of the highest respect, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOLL,

Major-General.

P. S.- It is impossible to describe the excited state of the people of the North. New York City is ready to furnish 50,000 men for the defense of the Union and its preservation.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 23, 1861.

The Quartermaster-General is directed to procure forage caps, infantry trousers, flannel sack coats, flannel shirts, bootees, stockings, great coats, blankets, and such other articles as may be necessary to supply the wants of the troops of the different States in service under the requisition of the President, and furnish them with such articles as they are in immediate need of for their health and comfort.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

Miss D. L. DIX:

Be it known to all whom it may concern that the free services of Miss D. L. Dix are accepted by the War Department, and that she will give at all times all necessary aid in organizing military hospitals for the care of all sick or wounded soldiers, aiding the chief surgeon by supplying nurses and substantial means for the comfort and relief of the suffering; also that she is fully authorized to receive, control, and disburse special supplies bestowed by individuals or associations for the comfort of their friends or the citizen soldiers from all parts of the United States; as also, under sanction of the Acting Surgeon-General, to draw from the army stores.

Given at the War Department this twenty-third day of April, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and of the Independence of the United States the eighty-fifth.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, April 23, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I desire to inform you that I know of some 300 reliable colored free citizens of this city who desire to enter the service for the defense of the city.

I have been three times across the Rocky Mountains in the service of the country with Fremont and others.

I can be found about the Senate Chamber, as I have been employed about the premises for some years.

Yours, respectfully,

JACOB DODSON (Colored).

