
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Indianapolis, Ind., April 24, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have just received a dispatch from the Pittsburg Arsenal, stating that but 3,500 arms will be sent to Indiana instead of 5,000, as per arrangements made while I was in Washington. This number will fall short over 1,000 of arming the troops we have assembled here in camp under the requisition of the President, and the State is left without arms. I am informed by a dispatch from General Wool, New York, received last night, for the first time, that no accouterments could be furnished for the muskets. This information was received after the camp was full of men waiting to be armed. I have issued orders to have those accouterments made, but it will take time. Cannot the State be furnished with more arms from some or any of the arsenals East or West? There is no State more loyal than Indiana, and none that will expend more blood and treasure in this war.

We have in came to-night 10,000 men waiting arms and marching orders. It is a matter of the first importance that we be furnished with arms and accouterments without delay. Our river towns are full of alarm, and I am receiving numerous deputations calling for cannon and small-arms. I made a requisition for twenty-four cannon of long range and heavy caliber; can it not be increased to fifty? I learn that the cannon are in the arsenal at Pittsburg. Major Wood is busily engaged in mustering the troops into the service, and as soon as that is done I shall dispatch four regiments to Evansville, under the command of a brigadier- general, in pursuance of your order. I trust you will at once perceive the condition in which the camp is left in this city - two regiments of the contingent called out by the President are left unarmed, and the State is left wholly unprovided for - and make an order that more arms be sent to the State. I hope to hear from you by the bearer, Captain W. Newman.

With high respect,

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Albany, N. Y., April 24, 1861.

General SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that voluntary enlistment in this State, under the law of April 16, 1861, are proceeding with celerity. I believe the entire force called for by the President will be mustered into service sooner than they can be uniformed and equipped. The latter, however, is being pushed with energy. If the uniforms and equipments can be provided, one-half the force will be ready in ten days, and the remainder in ten days thereafter. I now refer to the quota for this State of seventeen regiments, and this is entirely independent of the regiments of the present militia force of the State which I have ordered to Washington to report to the President for the protection of the capital or for any other service. Of such I have ordered eleven regiments, as follows:

Seventh Regiment, Colonel Lefferts, 1,050; kept 19th instant.

Sixth Regiment, Colonel Pickney, 550; Twelfth Regiment, Colonel Butterfield, 950; Seventy-first Regiment, Colonel Vosburgh, 950; sailed on the 21st.

