
the State at one of the Government arsenals, say Washington, to be paid for by the State commissioners having charge of this subject.

Pursuant to orders from the War Department the State has received 450 smooth-bore percussion muskets, with accouterments, leaving, according to statement of the Ordnance Office, the following suspended items to be adjusted hereafter: 120 long-range rifles; 200 rifled muskets, alleged to have been issued from Harper's Ferry Arsenal upon the verbal order of Government Wise, but not receipted for by any State officer; 120 Hall rifles, delivered without orders to Colonel J. T. Gibson by the superintendent of Harper's Ferry Arsenal, instead of 120 rifled muskets and accouterments for which there was a requisition. These Hall rifles ought not to be charged to the State, because never called charge can never be admitted. But the 120 rifled muskets and accouterments mentioned are charged to the State on the 26th of October, 1859. Never having been issued, they are now due to the State. I beg your attention to this, and that the Ordnance Department may be directed to have them delivered to my address at this place.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. H. RICHARDSON,

Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]

Ordnance Office, for report.

[Second indorsement.]

ORDNANCE OFFICE, December 10,1 860.

Respectfully returned. The implements, &amp;c., for making the Bormann fuse may be made, on the terms within stated, at Washington Arsenal.

In relation to the account between the State of Virginia and the United States for arms under the law of 1808, it has been fully explained to General Richardson in a letter from this office, a copy of which is herewith inclosed.

WM. MAYNADIER,

Captain of Ordnance.

[Third indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, December 10, 1860.

The implements, &c., for making the fuses may be made on the terms within stated, at the Washington Arsenal.

J. B. FLOYD,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

ORDNANCE OFFICE, Washington, December 10, 1860.

General WILLIAM H. RICHARDSON,

Adjutant-General of Virginia, Richmond:

SIR: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 6th instant, and in answer you are respectfully referred to the statement of an account transmitted to you in a letter from this office of the 10th of August last, wherein it will be perceived, inasmuch as it had been ascertained that the 120 rifled muskets and accouterments referred to in your letter had not been issued to the State, they were not debited in said statement, and hence left a balance on account of the quota of 1861

