
STATE OF VERMONT, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Montpelier, April 24, 1861.

John. SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I beg to repeat the considerations in view of which I request that Rutland may be designated as the place of rendezvous for the Vermont regiment, viz: Rutland is the residence of the adjutant and inspector general; his office is there; his official dispatches and letters are directed there. The quartermaster- general resides near Rutland. He has ben charged with the duty of purchasing the equipments, arms, and outfit of the regiments, and has already accumulated much of this property at that point. A majority of the companies would pass through Rutland in reaching Burlington, only to be returned to the same place on their way to new York. I therefore respectfully request that orders may be sent to Lieutenant Colonel G. J. Rains, in accordance with the foregoing recommendations.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

ERASTUS FAIRBANKS.
HDQRS. MILITARY DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,Philadelphia, April 25, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I learn from sources entitled to confidence that the Governor of Delaware will not respond to the requisition of the President for troops, and I respectfully request that I be authorized to muster into the service of the United States one or more regiments of loyal Delawareans, and to transmit the names of officers, to be selected by themselves, to the Department for approval.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General.

ROCHESTER, April 25, 1861.

Honorable MONTGOMERY BLAIR:

Day yesterday I sent a telegraphic communication to you soliciting your aid to procure the release of Captain Elisha G. Marshall, of the Sixth Infantry, U. S. Army, in order that he may accept a position in our New York volunteer force. We have men and money, but we very much need educated and experienced officers. One such man in a regiment will be of the greatest service. I am exerting myself to form regiments (of one I will taken command), trusting to get command of a brigade, but I assure you that a little military knowledge at this time is at a high premium. I hope it will be consistent with the public interests to release Marshall without severing his connection with the Regular Army. He is a Western New York man, and will prove very valuable to us.

A few hints to you of the thoughts which are in the minds of people here. We want to make thorough work of secession now. This will cost lives and money, but I think they will never be furnished with more promptitude and alacrity. If through want of energetic preparation a great calamity chouls befall us, like the capture of Washington, with the public officers and offices, we may fear that the popular exasperation will be turned against the Government and we get embarked in an independent organization or involved in anarchy. The high,

