
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Dover, Del., April 25, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have had the honor to receive your communication of the 15th instant, requisiting me to cause to be immediately detached from the militia of this State one regiment, consisting of 780 men, "to serve as infantry or riflemen, for the period of three months, unless sooner discharged."

The laws of this State confer upon the Executive no authority whatever enabling him to comply with your requisition, there being no organized militia in the State nor any law authorizing such organization.

There are volunteer companies formed and their officers commissioned by the Executive, and other are being formed, but it is altogether optional with them to offer their service to the U. S. authorities, the Executive having no power vested in him to order them into its service.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM BURTON,

Governor.

NEW YORK CITY, April 25, 1861.

Lieutenant General WINFIELD SCOTT,

Commander-in-Chief, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report for your information that, upon the request of the various Governors, I have, since my communication to be issued:

To Governor Dennison, 10,000 muskets from Springfield Armory and 400,000 cartridges from Watertown Arsenal. The muskets will go forward from this city to-day, and the ammunition was forwarded from the arsenal yesterday.

To the Governor of Indiana, 5,000 muskets and 200,000 cartridges from Watertown Arsenal, which will probably go forward to-day or to-morrow.

To the Governor of New Jersey, on the requisition of Lieutenant Torbert, U. S. Army, mustering officer, 2,880 rifles or rifle muskets, with the necessary accouterments; 256 non-commissioned officers' and musicians' swords, and 288,000 rounds of ammunition from the New York Arsenal. Major Thornton reports on the 24th that he has furnished 2,880 percussion muskets and will send the balance of the requisition as soon as possible.

To the Governor of Massachusetts, upon his requisition, 4,000 stand of arms from Watertown Arsenal, with the necessary ammunition and accouterments, of the latter are to be obtained.

To the Governor of Vermont, on his requisition, 300 rifles, caliber .58, from Springfield Armory.

In addition to the above I have directed 40 rifle muskets to be issued from the same place to Commissary-General Welch, of this State, on the application of General Dix, chairman of the Union Committee of Defense.

Having heard from the most reliable authority that two Southern privateers were cruising off Cape Henry, I requested Commodore Breese, commanding Brooklyn Navy-Yard, to furnish a convoy to accompany and

