
clothing demanded by the large force suddenly brought into service. Arrangements have been made to supply to the greatest extent possible, but finding that with all the energy that can be exerted is to delay troops too long by depending upon this supply, many of the States are directing their attention to the supply of their own troops to meet existing necessities. It is not in the power of the Government to furnish your State at this time with the cannon asked for, nor can there be any additional arms sent to Indiana now. The 5,000 stand which have been ordered to Indianapolis will have to be appropriated for the use of your troops mustered into the service. No additional troops beyond the regiments called for are at present needed. If the six regiments put into camp by you should be disposed to volunteer for three years, unless sooner discharged, they would be accepted; not otherwise, at this time. The camp equipage will furnished at the earliest possible moment. The deadly is unavoidable, in consequence of its scarcity in hand. The same is the save with the musket accouterments. The interruption of both the mail and the telegraph is the cause of your having received no replies to you communications.

I am, sir, very truly,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Springfield, Ill., April 26, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Four regiments are now mustered into service at this place. At Cairo we have 1,274 men not mustered. Two regiments will be mustered into service at Cairo i-morrow we send a regiment from this point to Cairo. Besides the four regiments, we have about twenty accepted companies at this point. There are also fourteen companies at this place not accepted, and ninety- three companies in different parts of the State who have tendered their services who are fully organized and partially drilled; also a company of dragoons of 171 picked men waiting at this point to be mustered into service.

Besides the above, a large number of companies have been organized at various points, but whose services have not yet been formally tendered.

owing to advices received from General Wool, we have not sent the regiments to Saint Louis alluded to in my letter of yesterday.

Respectfully, yours,

RICHD. YATES,

Governor.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Springfield, Ill., April 26, 1861.

General SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: We this day received from the Saint Louis Arsenal 21,000 stand of arms, all complete, 110,000 musket cartridges, and two field pieces, all complete. There are left there 8,000 stand of arms. We stand very much in need of the following articles, and they should be furnished to us without delay:

Complete camp and garrison equipage (including Sibley tents) for 10,000 men; camp kettles and knapsacks; musket accouterments for 21,000 men; 2,000,000 rounds of cartridges for army percussion muskets;

