
bayonet scabbards and belts; two batteries of 12-pounders, necessary to command the Mississippi River, with 1,000 rounds of fixed ammunition for each gun; 1,000 rounds of fixed ammunition for forty 6-pounders; clothing for three months for 10,000 men; 500 cavalry sabers for officers. We would be glad to have the messenger who carries this letter provided with the requisition upon the proper point for above articles.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. YATES,

Governor.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, April 26, 1861.

Colonel E. D. KEYES, U. S. Army:

SIR: You will report by direction of the General-in-Chief to His Excellency the Governor of New York, to counsel and aid him in organizing the quota of troops called for from his State, as far as may be in your power.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

NOTE.-Colonel Keyes will return to Washington when the Governor can dispense with his services.

By command of Lieutenant-General Scott:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, April 26, 1861.

His Excellency Gov. WILLIAM A. BUCKINGHAM:

Your messenger, Colonel Perkins, called on me to-day to express your desire that the Government of the United States should accept at this time two regiments of militia or volunteers instead of the one called for in my requisition.

I am deeply sensible of the patriotism which induces the gallant men of Connecticut to come forward at this time of the country's peril and of Your Excellency's zeal, and regret that I cannot at this moment gratify your wishes; but I am authorized to say that immediately after the defense of the city is completed raw forces will be needed to keep the channels of communication open.

It is the wish of the Department of War that the force to be called for hereafter shall volunteer for three years, unless sooner discharged, and in this connection I am directed to say that another regiment will be received at once, if volunteered for three years.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 26, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: It will be conceded, I presume, that there should be no delay in pressing forward those portions of the fortifications at Key West

