
At present no more troops than those called for can be accepted, but the Department does not doubt that the loyal and patriotic people of Iowa are prepared to meet promptly any call the necessities of the Government may hereafter require.

Very truly, yours,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

AUGUSTA, ME., April 26, 1861. (Received 30th.)

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

One regiment can march next Tuesday. Where and how shall it go? Can you give me orders for arms and fixed ammunition in Kennebec Arsenal? Another regiment can move in ten days.

I. WASHBURN, JR.,

Governor of Maine.

AUGUSTA, April 26, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The regiment you called for from this State will be ready to be mustered into the service of the United Statesesday next, and the troops will be impatient to move. They can go by rail or steamer. There are good steamers to be had at Portland. Two or three more regiments may be in readiness in ten days. The ardor is irrepressible. Can Captain Gardiner obtain arms from the Kennebec Arsenal and fixed ammunition? They are wanted immediately. Requisitions have already been made upon the proper officer, which I fear have not been received.

Can Maine be furnished with arms - rifled muskets or other efficient arms - by the United States?

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

ISRAEL WASHBURN, JR.,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 26, 1861.

His Excellency ISRAEL WASHBURN, JR.,

Governor of Maine:

MY DEAR SIR: I have to tender you the thanks of this Department for your prompt and patriotic response to the call of the President for troops from your State. In reply to your inquiry contained in your letter of the 19th instant I have already telegraphed you that if the troops could be immediately sent forward you should send a second regiment at once.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

HAVRE DE GRACE, April 26, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON:

SIR: I have obtained an order from General Wool to garrison the forts and arsenals, but it is of the utmost importance to obtain authority to purchase at least three steamers and equip the, for coast defense.

