
This can be done at a moderate cost, and the merchants of Boston are anxious to secure so great a protection to commerce. They can be used effectively upon the Southern coast. I trust that you will transmit an order to Governor Andrew by the bearer of this, Mr. Augustus H. Bixty.

I am, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. BOUTWELL.

HAVRE DE GRACE, April 26, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON:

SIR: I have written upon the letter of Governor Andrew, which Mr. Bixty will hand to you.

I cannot too strongly impress upon the Government the importance of authorizing Governor Andrew to procure three steamers for the protection of the coast and to aid in a blockade of the Southern ports. The New York merchants are anxious to do the same. I hope you will grant the order. Governor Andrew will out the work of preparation into the hands of our best merchants, which will charge no commissions whatever.

The whole North is wild and determined in its enthusiasm. Should not the Government make another requisition? They will be needed, I fear, and a short and vigorous campaign around Washington will be advantageous in the highest degree.

I am, very truly, your obedient servant,

GEO. S. BOUTWELL.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 26, 1861.

His Excellency AUSTIN BLAIR,

Governor of Michigan:

MY DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge yours of the 19th instant, in reference to the call of the President for one regiment of troops from the State of Michigan, and to convey to you the thanks of the President and myself for your very prompt and speedy action. At present no further troops than those called for are needed, but as the President is limited to the period of three months in his call it is quite probable that a further demand may be made upon the patriotism of your people. In that event an enrollment and organization now would enable you to comply very speedily with such a call, should it be necessary to make it.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 26, 1861.

His Excellency CHARLES S. OLDEN,

Governor of New Jersey, Trenton:

DEAR SIR: I have Your Excellency's letter of the 24th instant by Mr. Dod. The Department is unable at present to furnish accouterments, but they are being prepared as rapidly as possible and will be supplied as early as practicable. The New Jersey troops will be encamped, and not moved for the present. Your quota has been attached to the military district commanded by Major-General Patterson, and will be detailed for service by him as they may be required. The Government has n immediate use for such volunteer corps as Major Hexamer

