
earnest desire to sustain the Government can bring to bear shall be afforded. The company will keep an account of the service, and leave the adjustment of the compensation for the use of its rolling-stock to be arranged in the future. Please direct that communications, if any are to be sent, shall be addressed to W. R. Arthur, general superintendent, Chicago, whose duty and pleasure it will be to execute the orders instructed to him.

I have the honor to be, sir, your most obedient servant,

W. H. OSBORN,

President.

BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA:

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas, for the reasons assigned in my proclamation if the 19th instant, a blockade of the ports of the States of South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas was ordered to be established;

And whereas since that date public property of the United States has been seized, the collection of the revenue obstructed, and duly commissioned officers of the United States while engaged in executing the orders of their superiors have been arrested and held in custody as prisoners, or have been impeded in the discharge of their official duties without due legal process by persons claiming to act under authorities of the States of Virginia and North Carolina:

An efficient blockade of the ports of those States will also be established.

It witness whereof I have hereupon set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington this twenty-seventh day of April, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and of the Independence of the United States the eighty-fifth.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

By the President:

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 27, 1861.

His Excellency OLIVER P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana, Indianapolis:

DEAR SIR: Since writing mine of the 26th instant, yours of the 24th instant is received per special messenger. A part of the arms ordered to your State were from Harper's Ferry Armory, which was destroyed before they could be sent, hence the failure to receive your complement. To supply this you are authorized to make your requisition on the commandant of the arsenal at Saint Louis for 1,500 arms, and to whom an order has been forwarded. Accouterments are being made with all dispatch and will be furnished as early as practicable. The other matters contained in your letter will be duly considered and you advised of the conclusions arrived at in due time.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

