
upon you, and you are hereby authorized to muster into service any company, battalion, or regiment of loyal Delawareans or Marylanders which may offer itself to you for service, the officers to be selected by the company, battalion, or regiment, as the case may be, and the list to be transmitted to this Department for approval. The President having to add twenty-five regiments to the Regular Army to serve for three years, unless sooner dismissed, you will make known to those Delawareans and Marylanders offering their services that they will be mustered into service for three years, unless sooner discharged.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Indianapolis, Ind., April 28, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

I have the honor to inform you that the organization of the six regiments required of Indiana has this day been completed by the appointment of a brigadier-general, brigade major, six colones, six lieutenant-colonels, and six major. The names of officers appointed will be found in a schedule herewith inclosed, and the regiments to which they are attached. The officers and troops are now in camp in this city, and subjected to your command. They are encamped in booths, being provided with but few tents, and having but a limited amount of camp equipage. I have not attempted thus far to provide tents and equipage except such as are necessary for present use, not knowing whether the Government was already prepared to furnish them, nor what might be the views of the Department on the subject. Discipline is going forward as rapidly as possible; the best of order prevails in the camp, and the men are in fine condition. Preparations will be made immediately to remove four regiments to Evansville, in accordance with your order bearing date April 19, and everything will be ready for their march as soon as their arms and accouterment shall have arrived. Fifteen hundred rifled muskets have been received from the Allegheny Arsenal and 2,000 more are expected this week, and we have been informed that no more can be obtained from the quarter. A dispatch received on the 25th instant from General John E. Wool states that 5,00 muskets and 200,000 cartridges would be shipped from Watertown Arsenal to this State, but to time was fixed for their shipment, and I have received no further information on the subject. As you perceive, the arms received and those expected this week will fall short of arming six regiments nearly 1,000, and I regret to learn from the quartermaster that those received are of an inferior character, being old muskets rifled out, and in very many instances the bayonets have to be driven on with a hammer, and many others are so loose that they can be shaken off. No accouterments have been received, and I have no definite information when they will be. Orders have been issued for their manufacture, but our mechanics are not prepared for it, and the work proceeds very slowly. I regret to add that great drmy with regard to the quality of the arms furnished and the delay and uncertainly in the reception of stores and accouterments. I hazard nothing in saying that a finer body of men than those composing the six regiments has never been assembled on the continent, and if properly furnished and sent into the field would not fail to vindicate the

