
honor of our arms. It is now nine days since I have had the honor to hear from the Department, and from lack of information I am unable to take such steps for furnishing accouterments, equipage, and supplies as I otherwise should.

In addition to the six regiments, there are in camp in this city 2,300 men, and the number will probably be increased to six regiments, which will be mustered into the service of the State to serve during the war, and the number in different parts of the State who hold themselves ready to march upon notice can be out down as six regiments more.

I beg leave most earnestly again to call your immediate attention to the subject of furnishing our State with arms. The number on hand belonging to the State, good, bad, and indifferent, will not exceed 2,500, and only fifteen pieces of artillery of small caliber. The country along the Ohio River bordering on kentucky is in a state of intense alarm. The people entertain no doubt but that Kentucky will speedily go out of the Union. They are in daily fear that marauding parties from the other side of the river will plunder and burn their towns. The demands upon me for arms for their defense are constant, to which I am compelled to reply that I have them not and know not when or whether I can get them. A bill will pass our Legislature, probably on to-morrow, appropriating half a million of dollars for the purchase of arms, but I am informed that the engagements of the Eastern manufactories are such that they cannot be procured perhaps for months.

This State is one of the four exposed by its geographical position to the immediate evils of civil war, and it does seem to me should be preferred, in distribution of arms, over those geographically distant from the scene of conflict. If in your opinion these considerations are entitled to weight, I trust that at least 20,000 stand of arms will be promptly shipped to this State, with a large supply of artillery, which is indispensably necessary to prevent our river towns from being bombarded and burned by batteries erected on the other side of the river.

Indiana is loyal to the core, and will her best blood and treasure without limit for the successful prosecution of this war, and it is due to her loyalty that she be provided for by the General Government to the extent of its capacity.

The bearer of this dispatch is the Honorable John D. Howland, who will receive any communication.

With great respect,

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

[Inclosure.]

GENERAL ORDER, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Numbers 3. Indianapolis, Ind., April 27, 1861.

The following-named persons have been commissioned officers of the grades set opposite their names, respectively, in the quota of forces called for from this State under the President's proclamation of the 15th instant. Their relative rank in each grade is determined by the order of precedence herewith announced. They will be obeyed and respected accordingly:

Brigadier.- Thomas A. Morris is assigned to the command of the First Brigade, Indiana Volunteers, mustered into the U. S. service.

Major.- John Love is announced as brigade major.

