
Colonels.- Ebenezer Dumont, Seventh Regiment; Joseph J. Reynolds, Tenth Regiment; Lew. Wallace, Eleventh Regiment; William P. Benton. Eighth Regiment; R. H. Milroy, Ninth Regiment; T. T. Crittenden, Sixth Regiment.

Lieutenant-colonels.- Silas Colgrove, Eighth Regiment; Ben. J. Spooner, Seventh Regiment; J. R. M. Rryant, tenth Regiment; D. M. Dun, Ninth Regiment; George F. McGinnis, Eleventh Regiment; Hiram Prather, Sixth Regiment.

Majors.- C. O. Wood, Eleventh Regiment; D. J. Woodward, Ninth Regiment; S. P. Oyler, Seventh Regiment; David Shunk, Eighth Regiment; M. D. Manson, Tenth Regiment; John Gerber, Sixth Regiment.

Colonel Reynolds will remain in camp until further orders.

O. P. MORTON,

Commander-in-Chief.

NEW YORK,

April 29, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

I have sent to pennsylvania 23,000 stand of arms, all that has been required, excepting 1,600 rifle muskets, new pattern, which we have not on hand. I have sent 13,000 to Ohio and have ordered 5,000 more. I have sent 5,000 to Indiana. Altogether these, with the calls from the Governors of New York and Massachusetts, authorized by the War Department, have reduced the number on hand to a very few thousand.

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 29, 1861.

His Excellency SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD,

Governor of Iowa, Iowa City:

DEAR SIR: Yours of the 19th instant, inclosing Judge Baldwin's letter in relation to the furnishing of arms at Council Bluffs, has been received. The matters embraced in it have been the subject of consideration by this Department. It is not intended to order the State troops from the West at present, and they will therefore be on hand to meet any want occasioned by the removal of the U. S. forces. Should they be ordered to other points, provisions will be made to meet any of the emergencies Judge Baldwin apprehends.

I am, dear sir, very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, IOWA,

April 29, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of Wa, Washington:

DEAR SIR: I am without any communication from you since your requisition for one regiment of troops. I have not heard from Senator Grimes, who went to Washington at my special request. I have on regiment ready to be mustered in on any day. I am ordering a second regiment this day into the service of the State. It can be turned over to the United States at any time, and a third regiment is anxiously waiting to be ordered into service. I can raise 10,000 in this State in twenty

