
days, but the State has not any arms. Receiving arms only upon the Congressional apportionment of 1859, the number received is so small as to amount to nothing, and being all the old-fashioned muskets, our boys don't feel willing to carry them to the field to meet men armed with better weapons. I am daily receiving letters from our northwestern frontier expressing alarm on account of the Indians. Our people there are very uneasy, and have in my judgment good cause for fear. I don't ask for anything but arms, accouterments, and ammunition. We have plenty of men willing to use them in their own defense and that of the Government. If no arrangement has yet been made for arms for this State, do, for God's sake, send us some. We should have at least 5,000 beyond this those required to arm the troops the United States may require - say, one-half rifles.

Your earliest possible attention will confer a great favor on your obedient servant,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 29, 1861.

His Excellency ISRAEL WASHBURN, Jr.,

Governor of Maine, Augusta:

MY DEAR SIR: In answer to yours of the 23rd instant, I reply that you have the authority of this Department to occupy the forts named with such company or companies of the Maine troops as may be deemed necessary. The officer designated to muster your troops into service has full authority and directions to furnish them with arms, equipments, ammunition, &amp;c., and in doing so will provide them with the best quality that can be obtained. I also have at this moment yours of the 26th instant, and add that the Maine troops mustered into service will raiment their rendezvous until they receive orders from the proper officer to report at some other point.

I am, dear sir, very truly, yours,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Boston, Mass., April 29, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON:

DEAR SIR: I commend to your acquainted Honorable E. R. Hoar, of Massachusetts, a judge of our Supreme Judicial Court, and one of our most eminent men. I trust he may have an opportunity for conference with the Government at Washington, especially in regard to our Massachusetts movements, opinions, and troops.

I wish to avail myself of this opportunity to urge again the propriety of your mustering some raw regiments into service here, and let them be drilled at the forts.

Yours, faithfully, &c.,

JOHN A. ANDREW.

WASHINGTON, D. C., April 29, 1861.

Messrs, WILDER DWIGHT and GEORGE L. ANDREWS:

The plan you communicate for arising a regiment in Massachusetts for service during the war meets my approval. Such a regiment shall

