
department of the Government cannot be reduced without detriment to the public service, and to report to what extent and what particular branch or branches of that service can be dispensed with or reduced. The committee desire to discharge this duty promptly and satisfactorily, and therefore request that you aid them with the views and opinions of your Department on the subjects thus referred to them.

With great respect, &amp;c.,

JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Chairman.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, December 14, 1860.

Lieutenant Colonel W. J. HARDEE,

Fifth Avenue Hote, New York:

SIR: In answer to your letter of the 12th instant, I have to state that the results of trials of rifled cannon and projectiles, under direction of this Department, indicate a superiority of James' expanding projectiles for such cannon. The regulation field 6-pounder, with a rifled bore (weight 884 pounds), carried a James projectile of about 13 pounds; but you can have a field gun made to carry a 6-pound James projectile and not to weigh over 700 pounds. By applying to General Charles T. James you an information you may desire respecting his plan of rifled cannon.

His address is Providence, R. I., but you can probably see him in person at the Astor House, New York.

Very respectfully, &c.,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, December 15, 1860.

Honorable JOHN SLIDELL, Senate:

SIR: As requested by Governor Moore in his telegraphic dispatch to you, I have directed that 5,000 altered percussion muskets, at Baton Rouge Arsenal, be delivered to the order of the Governor on the payment of $2.50 each for the same. Instructions to that effect have been sent by telegraph to the commanding officer of the arsenal. I return Governor Moore's dispatch.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, December 15, 1860.

Honorable SAMUEL S. COX,

House of Representation:

SIR: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter transmitting the application of the quartermaster-general of Ohio for an order form this Department to supply the State with fixed ammunition and primers, on account of the quota, under the law for arming and equipping the militia, or by purchase.

The law for arming the militia, act of April 23, 1808, authorizes the issue of "arms and military equipments" only, and the Department has

