
With every disposition to arm the State troops in the best manner, I am constrained, from the necessity of the case and consideration for the public interest, to decline complying with your request in relation to rifled muskets.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Trenton, N. J., April 29, 1861.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

DEAR SIR: I inclose you a copy of a communication received by me from E. R. V. Wright, major-general of the Second Division of the New Jersey State Militia, the object of which is to inform you through me that the officers of that division bhave unanimously to tender to you the services of the said division, which tender i to continue as long as you may require such service. It is truly gratifying to me to be made the channel of transmission of so patriotic an offer.

I remain, with great respect, your obedient servant,

CHS. S. OLDEN.

[Indorsement.]

MAY 4, 1861.

I recommended that the division named within be admitted into the new corps of volunteers just called for.

A. LINCOLN.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, NEW JERSEY MILITIA,April 27, 1861.

To His Excellency CHARLES S. OLDEN:

YOUR EXCELLENCY: In obedience to my request, the officers of the Second Division of the New Jersey Militia met at Military Hall, in the city of Newar, on Friday, April 26, 1861. At much meeting, duly organized, the following resolution was adopted unanimously. I have the honor to inclose it:

Resolved, That the major-general be authorized to tender the services of the Second Division to the President of the United States through the Governor of this State, which tender is to continue as long as the President may require such service.

Wherefore, in obedience to such resolution, I hereby tender to His Excellency the President of the United States of America the services of the Second Division of the Militia of New Jersey, and respectfully request that you will communicate the same to His Excellency Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States. There is treason in the land. Crush it out!

nFeb.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. R. V. WRIGHT,

Major-General Second Division, New Jersey State Militia.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 29, 1861.

His Excellency EDWIN D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York:

MY DEAR SIR: I have yours of the 24th instant. This Department has again to acknowledge its many obligations to Your Excellency for

