
the promptness and dispatch with which you have sent forward your troops for the defense of the capital. I have to request that you will not send any more to this point until you are further advised.

I have the honor to subscribe myself, very truly,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 29, 1861.

His Excellency WILLIAM DENNISON,

Governor of Ohio, Columbus:

DEAR SIR: I have Your Excellency's several letters of the 20th and 22nd instant, and in reply to the same would say that the application for ordnance to be used at Cincinnati has been referred to the bureau having that arm of the service in charge, with instructions to reply to the same; and your request to have an officer of the U. S. Army detailed to take command of the volunteer forces at Cincinnati has been referred to Lieutenant- General Scott for his actinon the premises.

As to accepting additional regiments beyond the continent of your State, I regret to say that they cannot be received under the requisition. But the President has authorized the raising of twenty-five additional regiments under the act of 1864, a copy of which has been forwarded to you, and should they agree to enter the service of the Government for three days, or during the war, a portion of them at least could be received in that way.

I am, dear sir, very truly, yours,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE CHAMBER,

Harrisburg, Pa., April 29, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Washington:

DEAR SIR: The gentleman who will hand you this letter will state to you the purpose of their visit to washington. My attention has been directed for some time to the absolute necessity for prompt action for the protection of the loyal people on our borders, and but for the additional call on this State some arrangement would have been made to supply their wants. I take advantage of the means of communicating with you to say that we have about 14,000 stand of old arms in Pennsylvania on which we could place percussion locks, or they could be made breech-loading rifles at an expense of from $2 to $3 a musket. I suggest the propriety of doing this, so that they could be placed in the hands of our people. I will be most happy to meet the wishes of the gentleman who carry this in any manner you may indicate.

Yours, truly,

A. G. CURTIN.

1. Can the quota from Pennsylvania be increased, and to what amount?

2. Will the General Government provide for the soldier as soon as mustered into service direct, or is it expected to be done through the agency of the State?

