
3. Are blankets, knapsacks, haversacks, tents, accouterments, and every sort of soldier and camp equipage furnished by the General Government? If so, is it desirable that the State should furnish and settle with the Government for the same or will it be done directly by the Government?

4. Are the soldiers to be uniformed by the State? And if so, will the expense incurred by so doing be reimbursed to the State by the General Government?

5. Will the General Government assume the cost of transportation of troops from their homes to the place of rendezvous?

6. It is desirable that the State should forward any clothing or equipments to the troops that have left their places of rendezvous and are now at Washington or on their way there? If so, what are the articles that should be provided?

7. Furnish copy of voucher that will be required by the State Government for all expenses that may be paid by the State for the same.

8. Will officers of the U. S. Army be permitted to take command of volunteers without losing their grade in the regular service?

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 29, 1861.

His Excellency A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania, Harrisburg:

DEAR SIR: In answer to the quires propounded by you to this Department,* and presented by A. J. Dickey, esq., I have the honor to reply:

First. That the quota of militia from Pennsylvania cannot be increased at present; but the President has authorized the raising of twenty-five regiments of volunteers, to serve for three years or during the continuance of the war. Under this call one or two regiments, on the conditions stated, will be received from Pennsylvania.

Second. The soldier, as soon as mustered into service, is provided for by the United States.

Third. Campo equipage is always supplied by the United States, but not being able to do so as rapidly as needed, would recommend to your State to do so, and present bill for the same. Clothing is sometimes issued to volunteers. Just at present we have not the supplies, but they are being prepared as rapidly as possible. The soldier receives a monthly allowance for clothing in addition to his pay.

Fourth. See above.

Fifth. The law provides pay as transportation from place of rendezvous to the place of muster.

Sixty. Not nothing the wants of the troops, it is difficult to answer this. Arms and equipments are furnished by the United States. Should the troops be in immediate want of amy clothing or equipments and the State can furnish them, the United States Government will reimburse the expense of doing so; but being out of the regular order of furnishing supplies, I could not, of course, direct that it should begone.

Seventh. The Department has no regular form of voucher for the purpose desired. Any from that would specify the matter in such detail as to enable the matter to be passed upon would be sufficient.

---------------

* Next, ante.

---------------

