
the oath of allegiance to the United States of America, as set forth in the tenth Article of War.

Commanding officers will see to a prompt execution of this order, and report accordingly.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK, April 30, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

MY DEAR SIR: Herewith I send you an official communication from Governor Washburn, of Maine. I trust you will order at least three more regiments from Maine mustered into the service of the United States, and they will be ready to march in a few days.

You must take the regiment which will be ready May 8.

Yours, truly,

H. HAMLIN.

[Inclosure.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Augusta, Me., April 29, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The second regiment from Maine will be ready to march Wednesday, May 8. As it will be raised in the eastern part of the State, it will be convenient for it to rendezvous at Bangor. It can be moved to Boston without expense, as railroad companies and steamboats have tendered free transportation.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

ISRAEL WASHBURN, JR.

WASHINGTON, April 30, 1861.

The Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR: By authority given to me by His Excellency Governor Andrew, of Massachusetts, I respectfully submit a proposition that Governor Andrew will cause to be enlisted in the State one or two regiments of soldiers in addition to the one to be raised under the authority granted to Messrs. Wilder Dwight and George L. Andrews, to serve during the war or for a period of three years.

The State of Massachusetts will furnish everything needed to secure the efficiency and comfort of the regiments that cannot be promptly furnished by the Government of the United States, with the understanding that the troops so raised shall be officered in the best manner and stationed for a period of two months in Fort Independence, or other forts in the harbor of Boston, unless an emergency hall soon beer require their services elsewhere. It being further understood as follows:

First. The regiments to be forthwith mustered as part of the militia of Massachusetts into the U. S. service.

Second. On the passage of a law by Congress the men composing the regiments to be e Army for the term of three years or during the war.

