
Third. Until such permanent and binding enlistment the regiment to receive only its rations from the Government, and each man to agree not to claim any pay unless he enlists off three years or during the war as soon as legal authority for such enlistment can be provided.

GEO. S. BOUTWELL.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, April 30, 1861.

GEORGE S. BOUTWELL:

SIR: The plannicate for and in behalf on His Excellency Governor Andrew for raising two regiments in Massachusetts for service during the war meets my approval. Such regiments shall be immediately enlisted into the service of the Government as those which are to be called for immediately. The regiments shall be ordered to Fort Independence, or some other station in Boston Harbor, for purposes of training, equipment, and drill, and shall be kept there two months or more, unless an emergency compels their presence elsewhere.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

NAVY DEPARTMENT,

April 30, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of a letter of the 21st instant addressed to me by Colonel Samuel Colt, of Hartford, in relation to matters concerning your branch of the public service, and to request that you will at the earliest day practicable inform me what answer I shall communicate to Colonel Colt.

I am, respectfully, your obedient servant,

GIDEON WELLES.

[First indorsement.]

Referred to Chief of Ordnance for his opinion.

SIMON CAMERON.

[Second indorsement.]

ORDNANCE OFFICE,

May 1, 1861.

Respectfully returned. Mr. Colt's letter is not sufficiently definite as to the kind of arms he can furnish (whether muskets, rifles, or pistols, and of what calibers and patterns) to enable me to answer his inquiry. It is known that he makes pistols, of which we should have a sufficient supply of the latest pattern constantly on hand, and of which we now have one.

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel of Ordnance.

[Inclosure.]

SAINT NICHOLAS HOTEL,

New York, April 21, 1861.

Honorable GIDEON WELLES,

Secretary of the Navy, Washington, D. C.:

I started for Washington with the purpose of ascertaining to what extent the Federal Government might desire to employ the forces at our

