HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, April 30, 1861.

Major-General PATTERSON,

Commanding, &amp;c., Philadelphia, Pa.:

SIR: The General-in-Chief directs me to say that the Secretary of Wa has decided no officer of the Regular Army can be to serve in the quotas of volunteers from States.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WASHINGTON, April 30, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In several parts of Maryland there is a strong disposition to respond to the call of the President for volunteers to defend the national capital, but in the existing state of things, the executive authority being controlled by an organization unfriendly to the object of the President of the United States in calling for troops, no commission could be obtained for the officers, either of a brigade or regiment, from the Governor of Maryland. My present purpose in addressing you is to inquire -

First. Whether the United States Government would have the authority to commission the officers of a brigade or regiment raised in Maryland independent of the State authority, but in pursuance of the call under which the troops of the several States are now assembled in Washington?

Second. Whether in the event of possessing the authority to commission officers, under the circumstances referred to, it may be relied on to do so?

Third. If no authority exists to commission the officers of volunteers corps under the call of the President for three months' volunteers, would such authority be exercised in the event of a brigade or regimental being raised for two years' service under the late call of the President?

I should not have troubled you with a written communication had I been able to obtain a five minutes' personal interview with you. An answer addressed tome at Frederick, Md., will enable to furnish the information sought to those for whose satisfaction I am troubling you.

Respectfully, yours,

JAMES COOPER.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Saint Paul, Minn., April 30, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: I have the honor to state that pursuant to the requisition of the President, conveyed in your communication of the 15th instant, one regiment of 900 men has been detached from the militia of Minnesota, and is now rendezvous at Fort Snelling, ready for active service, in charge of Colonel Willis A. Gorman.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. RAMSEY.

