
EXECUTIVE CHAMBER,

Harrisburg, Pa., April 30, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: I received this evening the following telegram from General R. Patterson in reply to one directing him to accept a certain regiment:

PHILADELPHIA.

Governor ANDREW G. CURTIN:

Have no authority to receive Colonel Einstein's regiment. The contingent called for by the General Government has already been exceeded, and I take no more.

Shortly after receiving the above telegram Captain Simmons informed me that he had been instructed by Major Porter to stop mustering troops, having more than called for. On referring to copy of General Patterson's letter of the 26th of April, 1861, herewith sent, you will note that I was called upon distinctly for "twenty-five additional regiments of infantry and one regiment of cavalry." In pursuance of this call preparations have been made to raise the additional regiments. The companies are ready to march; many of them are on their way, and heavy expenses have been incurred by the people and the State. To publish this order of Major Porter will create intense excitement throughout the State and materially injure the cause, and destroy the public confidence in the Administration. I therefore most respectfully protest against this act of Major Porter, and rely on an immediate order being sent to General Patterson, instructing him to receive the twenty-five additional regiments of infantry and one of cavalry, as per his letter of the 26th of April.

Yours, truly,

A. G. CURTIN.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. MILITARY DEPARTMENT OF WASHINGTON,Philadelphia, April 26, 1861.

His Excellency ANDREW G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania:

SIR: I feel it my duty to express to you my clear and decided opinion that the force at the disposal of this department shall be increased without delay. I therefore have to request Your Excellency to direct that twenty-five additional regiments of infantry and one regiment of cavalry be called for forthwith, to be mustered into the service of the United States. Officers will be detailed to inspect and muster the men into service as soon as I am informed of the points of rendezvous which may be designate by Your Excellency.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. PATTERSON,

Major-General.

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

May 1, 1861.

This department, cheerfully and thankfully recognizing the ability and zeal of Miss D. L. Dix in her arrangements for the comfort and welfare of the sick soldier in the present exigency, requests that each of the ladies who have offered their services as nurses would put themselves in communication with her before entering upon their duties, as

