
no authority to order the issue of ammunition under that provision. The only authority for selling military stores is that contained in the act proper inspection or survey, or survey, are found t be damaged or otherwise unsuitable for the public service. It will thus be seen that this Department cannot, under existing laws, give the order desired by the quartermaster- general of Ohio. In the report of the Ordnance Bureau communicated to Congress with the last annual report of this Department there was a recommendation for an act to authorize sales to the States of ammunition for the arms supplies under the law for arming the militia.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, December 17, 1860.

His Excellency SAM HOUSTON,

Governor of Texas, Austin:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communications by mail of the 28th ultimo and by telegraph of the 6th instant, desiring that a corps of Texas Rangers may be called into the service of the United States in view of late depredations and murders committed by Indians on the frontiers of Texas.

In reply I have respectfully to inform you that, Congress having given no sanction for such a measure, this Department is without the necessary power to adopt it.

In connection with this subject, I beg leave to say that, in consequence of previous representations form Your Excellency and the unprotected state of the frontier settlements in Texas, the number of regular troops in that military department has been recently augmented, so that it now exceeds what it has been at nay time before. It now consisted of five companies of artillery, tow of which are armed with light batteries, ten companies of cavalry, and twenty-five companies of infantry; in all, equal to four regiments.

I cannot permit myself to doubt that these troops will be found efficient and ready for any active service the Indian relations in the State may demand, and that so soon as the proper commanders on the spot become aware of the need of their assistance in any quarter it will be promptly and successfully applied.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, December 18, 1860.

His Excellency JOSEPH E. BROWN,

Governor of Georgia, Milledgeville:

SIR: In answer to your letter of the 24th ultimo, I have the honor to state that the following samples of accouterments can be furnished to you by the United States on payment of their cost price, as annexed, viz: Two knapsacks, $5.06; two haversacks, 78 cents; two canteens, with straps, 92 cents. Total, $7.26.

You can obtain the remaining equipments desired by addressing Major W. A. Thornton, U. S. Arsenal, New York, and requesting their purchase, describing them as follows: Two sets of infantry accouterments,

