
efficient and well-directed service can only be rendered through a systematic arrangements. It is further suggested that the ladies exert themselves to their fullest extent in preparing or supply in hospital shirts for the sick; also articles of diet, as delicacies may be needed for individual cases, and such important articles as edges, milk, chickens, &amp;c. Miss Dix's residence is 505 Twelfth street, between E and F.

Respectfully,

R. C. WOOD,

Acting Surgeon-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, May 1, 1861.

J. H. MARTINDALE, Esq.,

Rochester, N. Y.:

DEAR SIR: Your letter directed to Honorable M. Blair, Postmaster- General,* is referred by him to this Department, and I regret to say that in consequence of the numerous resignations in the Army it is impossible to accede to any of the numerous requests for officer to take command of volunteer troops.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., May 1, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Deeply impressed with the sentiments of patriotism, and grateful for the aid and protection extended to him and his people by the United States Government, Pug-o-na-ke-shick, or Hole-in-the-Day, the chief of the Chippewa Nation, desires me to tender to you, and through you to the President of the United States, the services of himself and 100, or a greater number, if acceptable, of his headman and braves to aid in defending the Government and its institutions against the enemies of the country.

I will add, sir, that the chief is distinguished alike for his intelligence and gallantry and is sincere in his offer to serve the Government, and would undoubtedly, if accepted, be willing to conform to the usages of civilized warfare, as he is not a savage, but in many respects fully civilized and Christianized. He bids further say that he could be in readiness at the call of the Government, and thinks that there are branches of the service in which both he and his people can be as efficient as any portion of the U. S. forces. He seems to be deeply impressed with the perils which he has been led to believe surround the nation, and evinces a deep solicitude for its preservation. He desires to be addressed through me.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. COOPER.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, May 1, 1861.

TO THE GOVERNORS OF THE SEVERAL STATES:

I have authorized Colonel Carl Schurz to raise and organize a volunteer regiment of cavalry. Fort the purpose of rendering it as efficient as possible

---------------

* See April 25, p. 110.

---------------

