
he is instructed to enlist principally such men as have served in the same arm before. The Government will provide the regiment with arms, but cannot provide the horses and accouterments. For these necessaries we rely upon the patriotism of the States and the citizens, and for this purpose I take the liberty of requisiting you to afford Colonel Schurz your aid in the execution of this plan.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS, EXEC. DEPT.,

Council Chamber, Boston, May 1, 1861.

Lieutenant-General SCOTT:

GENERAL: I send this day an armed steamer (the Cambridge), belonging to this Commonwealth, with supplies of clothing and provisions for our Massachusetts militia. This steamer is directed, after taking out certain supplies and men at Fort Monroe, to go up the Potomac, understanding that river to be safe and open and to be protected by the war steamer Pawnee.

1. I desire our Massachusetts troops to receive and have the first benefit of our supplies, but, if need be, that others should share them.

2. That if you see any objection to the Cambridge going up the Potomac, you would give orders to Captain Matthews, her commander, who is instructed to receive your directions.

He cleared hence for Annapolis, under sealed orders, to proceed thence up the Potomac, it being thought necessary that he should carry some recruits and supplies to Brigadier-General Butler, and that the telegram should not proclaim our ultimate destination. The Cambridge may be expected at Fort Monroe by Saturday, 4th instant, a. m., and if allowed to reach Washington the captain will call on and report to you, and if you need him and the steamer for the public service, then to obey your commands and perform the service; but in the absence of orders from you, to return to our employment immediately.

I am, with high respect, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts.
HEADQUARTERS OF DIVISION, NEBRASKA MILITIA,Omaha, Nebr. Ter., May 1, 1861.

Honorable ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

DEAR SIR: The present condition of the frontier of this Territory affords sufficient excuse for my addressing you this communication. It is well known that the outermost settlements are exposed to frequent incursions and depredations from hands of hostile Indians, especially of the Sioux Nation. the presence of troops in considerable numbers at Forts Kearny and Randall had had a most salutary effect during the past year in keeping them in check. But the withdrawal of those troops and the existence of war at the South, which is already known among them, will, there is every reason to apprehend, embolden the Indians to commence attacks upon the settlers. The Sioux are now gathered in large numbers at different points in the Platte Valley.

There is another source of danger to which I desire to call the immediate attention of the Government. There is a strong secession feeling

