
at Saint Joseph and other points of Missouri along the river. There is very strong reason to apprehend that an expedition will be fitted out at Saint Joseph for the capture and holding possession of Fort Kearny, the object being to secure the arms and stores, &amp;c., and the command of the route to Denver. I am aware that all the regular troops are now required for the defense of the Government at the East andander of the Nebraska Militia, tender the services of a regiment (640 men) for the purpose of garrisoning Forts Kearny and Randall and protecting the public property and the frontier against attack from any quarter. I also my services and those of the men under command for any duty that the Government may require in any quarter of the country. The people of Nebraska are a unit for the Union and the Stars and Stripes.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN M. THAYER,

Major-General, Commanding the Nebraska Militia.

SECRETARY'S OFFICE,

Omaha, Nebr. Ter., May 1, 1861.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

SIR: I take pleasure in fully indorsing the letter of Major- General Thayer relative to the protection of our frontier by placing the forts in the possession of our own militia.* I earnestly pray Your Excellency to give us authority to protect ourselves, and supply us with the necessary munitions, stores, and arms from Fort Kearny. Major-General Thayer is an officer of experience upon the Western plains, and well understanding Indian character and the mode of savage warfare, is eminently fitted for the position indicated. Prompt action is demanded. Your Excellency's own experience in the Black Hawk war, and the troubles and privations and losses of property and life to which the settlements were then subjected, will, I have no doubt, at once convey to you mind a more accurate idea of our necessitous condition than anything I may be able to say.

Hoping for an early granting of our request, I remain, sir, Your Excellency's most loyal servant,

J. STERLING MORTON,

Secretary of Nebraska and Delegate to the Thirty-seventh Congress.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Trenton, N. J., May 1, 1861.

Jon. SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: This communication will be handed to you by Captain Isaac M. Tucker, whom I have dispatches to you as my special messenger for this purpose.

I am exceedingly embarrassed by the fact that, besides the four regiments called for by the President's requisition, there are already in this State, organized or nearly organized, enough volunteers companies who have expected to make a part of our four regiments, now about moving,

---------------

* See next, ante.

---------------

