
to make four additional regiments. I must now either encourage these men that they will have an opportunity of entering the U. S. service, and speedily, or I must advise them to disband.

The spirit and enthusiasm of our people are excited to the highest pitch, and the consequence here of disbanding these men would be extremely injurious. I should be greatly relieved if your would accept the services of two additional regiments from New Jersey, and forward to me, if possible, by the bearer hereof, the necessaria orders for that purpose. My special messenger (Mr. Tuckner) will explain to you in full, if you desire it, urgent reasopns which have impelled me to send him to your for the purpose of this application. It is impossible for me to do justice to them in this dispatch.

One of our from regiments called for by the President's requisition has moved forward to-day, and the remainder will follow to-morrow, I hope. They are moving in accordance with the orders of Major-General Patterson.

We have had great difficulty in equipment the four regiments we are now sending. The arms furnished to them by the United States are of inferior quality, being flint-lock muskets percussioned. It is earnestly desired that they may, if possible, on arriving at Washington be provided with arms superior to those they now have. The United States have provided us with little besides these arms, yet our troops are on they way, prepared to defend the Government of their country.

I learn by yours of the 26th instant that it is contemplated to accept men for three years. If so, I would be glad to be informed if there is a certain number allotted to the several States, and if so, what will be the quota of New Jersey, with any instructions you can give me respecting the raising of the,.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHS. S. OLDEN.

WASHINGTON, May 1, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: One behalf and by order of the Board of Officers formed under and by act of the Legislature of the State of New York of April 16, 1861, I beg to submit:

That by the said act the said Board are authorized to raise a volunteer militia, for two years' service, unless sooner discharged, of 30,000 men, and that Legislature appropriated and laid a tax for $3,500,000 to arm and support such force as the Board might raise under its provisions.

The requisition of the Federal Government upon the State was subsequently made for seventeen regiments of 780 men each, but such is the patriotic zeal of the people of the State that it will be a great disappointment to them if they are not permitted to raise thirty-eight regiments for the public service instead of seventeenth. At the same time the State unexpectedly finds that the most improved arms cannot be at once furnished by the United States Government to arm this force, and the Board have provided for the purchase of such arms at an early day, and also for the complete uniform and equipment of the force.

The expenditures for these purposes will so far the means at the disposal of the Board as to leave them without the necessary resources until the next meeting of the Legislature to pay and subsist the force after the troops shall arrive at the depots, without infringing

