
a constitutional inhibition against the contraction of a debt except in case of actual invasion of the State insurrection therein. The Board, therefore, respectfully request that the United States Government will receive form the State of New York, at such depots within the State as the United States Government may choose to indicate, thirty-eight regiments of volunteers for two years' service, unless sooner discharged, of such arm of service as it may require, and assume at the depots the instruction, pay, and subsistence of such troops.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

CHAS. G. MYERS,

Attorney-General of New York and one of said Board.

RUTLAND, VT., May 1, 1861 - 10.15 p. m.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

The Vermont regiment will be mustered at this place to-morrow and can go forward immediately. Please give orders accordingly by telegraph.

ERASTUS FAIRBANKS.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, May 2, 1861.

WILLIAM H. OSBORN,

President of the Illinois Central Railroad Company, New York:

DEAR SIR: I have to acknowledge yours of the 26th ultimo, and to tender to yourself and the company you represent the thanks of this Department for your kind and patriotic offer of the facilities of the great railway over whose intersects you so ably preside for the use of the Government. I doubt not that in the progress of the war I shall often have accession to avail myself of the kind offices of yourself and those associated with you in the management of the great Western thoroughfare.

I have the honor to be, very truly, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., May 2, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

In your dispatch of the 26th ultimo you say that -

No additional troops beyond the regiment called for are at needed. If the six regiments put into camp by you should be disposed to volunteer for three years, unless sooner discharged, they would be accepted; not otherwise, at this time.

I understood you to intend by the above the six additional regiments mentioned by men in my letter of the 23rd, forwarded by Captain Stevenson, and not the six regiments mustered into service of the United States by Major Wood under the first call. Will the Department accept of a cavalry regiment in addition?

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

