
COLUMBUS, OHIO, May 2, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

My messenger (Mr. Ball) has returned. He informs me that you sent dispatches last week, none of which I received. I have not had a letter from your Department since the call of the President.

Will you accept ten additional regiments now organized in Ohio for three years, unless sooner discharged, and will you receive a larger number, and how many?

Please answer immediately.

W. DENINSON,

Governor of Ohio.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Rutland, Vt., May 2, 1861.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

SIR: I have the honor to inform Your Excellency that the First Vermont Regiment, armed with improved rifle muskets and fully equipped, is mustered at this place and ready for the U. S. services. By a recent act of the Legislature I am "authorized to raise, organize, and muster into the service of the State, without delay, two regiments of soldiers" - and at my discretion four regiments more-to arm and equip them and muster them into encampment until such time as they shall be called into the service of the United States on the requisition of the President. An appropriation of $1,000,000 has been made for defraying the expense of the militia of the State.

I am desirous that this first regiment should be ordered forward at once. For reasons which I have communicated to the Secretary of War I have mustered the regiment at this place, whence it can proceed direct to New York without expense to the Government.

With the assurance that Vermont is ready and anxious to respond to any requisition from the General Government for suppressing the rebellion and executing the laws,

I am, sir, with high consideration, your obedient servant,

ERASTUS FAIRBANKS.

MADISON, WIS., May 2, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

We have 3,000 muskets at Springfield, Ill., assigned to this State on order of General Wool. Governor Yates says there are no accouterments. Many of our men use the Western weapon, the rifle. Can we not get 1,000 rifles? We have seven regiments enrolled, but no arms, even for drill.

ALEX. W. RANDALL,

Governor of Wisconsin.

BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA:

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas existing exigencies demand immediate and adequate measures for the protection of the National Constitution and the preservation

10 R R - SERIES III, VOL I

