
previously made to me by the Governor of Illinois for long-range guns to be stationed at Cairo. I immediately telegraphed to major Symington, Allegheny Arsenal, who replied that he had ready only 32-pounder guns, the carriages of which required some refitting. I telegraphed him to refit the, immediately. He replied, "All will be ready in eighth days. They will be sent off in parcels as they are repaired." I gave him no orders to send them away. The Governor has telegraphed to me again that he is extremely anxious to have the guns. I have informed him for all further action in the case he must apply to Washington.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, May 8, 1861.

Respectfully referred to the Colonel of Ordnance for perusal. To be returned.

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

ORDNANCE OFFICE,

Washington, May 9, 1861.

Respectfully returned. Attended to.

J. G. BENTON,

Captain of Ordnance.

[Inclosure.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Springfield, Ill., April 30, 1861.

General JOHN E. WOOLL:

DEAR SIR: Your telegram of 29th instant was duly received requesting me to deliver, on the requisition of the Governor of Ohio, 5,000 muskets and accouterments. I have this day complied with said requisition and directed 5,000 muskets and such accouterments as were in our possession to bedelivered to me messenger of the Governor of Ohio. We hope no further requisition may be made upon us for arms. We are so situated that it may become absolutely to use every musket in our possession for our own defense as well as the protection of our loyal friends in Missouri. We have now about three regiments in Cairo and one at Alton, and perhaps 4,000 troops at this place. We are continually receiving letters and telegrams from Cairo and its vicinity urging the immediate concentration of a large force at Cairo and other towns in its neighborhood, in anticipation of an attack from w well-organized band powerful force to be sent from Memphis and other points on the Mississippi, as well as the Ohio River.

The security of Cairo and the southern portion of the State of Illinois demands that a large force should be sent there as soon as possible. Four regiments have been directed to be sent there by the War Department, and a much larger force may become necessary to repel an attack and to protect not only Cairo, but other places in Southern Illinois.

A military encampment is to be held at Saint Louis week under the direction of the Governor of Missouri. Our friends in saint Louis deem it very necessary for their encouragement, and it may be for their protection, that we should immediately send another regiment to Alton,

