
so that they may be prepared for any emergency. They anticipate serious difficulties with the secessionists, and think a large force should be well armed and stationed near Saint Louis in order to preserve the public peace. Our friends are also demanding that a regiment should be located at Quincy in order to prevent any outbreak in Nothern Missouri, and to protect the loyal citizens of that section of country. You will readily perceive that, situated as we are, with so much territory bordering on slave States, with so many important points to protect, and with the southern point of our State penetrating so far toward the South, that we ought no to be deprived of our arms when a crisis to be rapidly approaching in which every musket we can obtain will be absolutely necessary for the defense of ourselves and our immediate neighbors and loyal citizens.

We received from Saint Louis no accouterments with the muskets except the bayonet. We are destitute of cartridge-boxes, belts, and bayonet-sheaths. Will you direct a supply of these to be sent to us immediately? We desire to place ourselves in as efficient a condition as possible in the shortest possible time, for if we are known to be thoroughly armed and well organized we can the more readily check the efforts of the enemies of the Government and suppress their treasonable designs.

Respectfully, yours,

RICHD. YATES,

Governor.

UNION DEFENSE COMMITTEE,

New York, May 3, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: We have the honor to inclose for the information of the War Department information this day received by the committee from thirteen States as to the number and preparation of their forces. This information came to the committee by telegraph, and in answer to the telegraphic inquiry addressed to the Governors of these States.

We are, with great respect, your obedient servants,

S. DRAPER,

Chairman Executive Committee.

P. M. WETMORE,

Secretary Executive Committee.

WM. M. EVARTS,

Secretary.

[Inclosure.]

UNION DEFENSE COMMITTEE,

New York, May 3, 1861.

Synopsis of replies from Governors of States, received by telegraph this day.

1. Governor Curtin, of Pennsylvania: 25 regiments, all full and armed; 15 of these uniformed.

2. Governor Olden, of New Jersey: 4 regiments start to-morrow, well prepared. We want ammunition to protect them to Washington. If General Wool fails to help us, can the Union Committee do so?

3. Governor Andrew, of Massachusetts: 4 regiments (about) ready in the field; as many more at brief notice. Probably 10,000 drilling, hoping for call.

