
4. Governor Fairbanks, of Vermont: 1 regiment waiting for orders.

5. Governor Buckingham, Connecticut: 1 regiment in service.

6. Governor of Rhode Island, by Adjutant-General Mauran: 1 regiment in field; 1 battery light artillery, 150 men.

7. Governor of Michigan, by Adjutant-General Robertson: 1 regiment ready; 1 field battery, 4 guns, ready in four days; 2 regiments armed and nearly equipped; 3 regiments ready to be called - enrolled, waiting arms.

8. Governor Washburn, of Maine; 1 regiment ready, 3 nearly so; enough enlisted for 10 regiments. We wish to send a regiment of lumbermen and drivers, over 6 feet.

9. Governor Ramsey, of Minnesota: 1 regiment mustered; another in two weeks.

10. Governor Randall, of Wisconsin:1 regiment called and ready, another in camp; 2 more ready at day's warming; 3 more registered.

11. Governor Denninson, of Ohio: 22 regiments in camp, under drill, of which 13 under President's call. Legislature has appropriated $3,000,000.

12. Governor Kirkwood, of Iowa; 1 regiment, 1,000 strong, a week under drill, and 1 regiment now full and drilling; 3 ready.

13. Governor of New Hampshire, by Adjutant-General Abbott: 1 regiment mustered; 2 other, perhaps 4, will be tendered by the State.

By order of committee:

P. M. WETMORE,

Secretary.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., May 3, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Please answer my inquiry of yesterday at once. It is very important.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

May 3, 1861.

Governor OLIVER P. MORTON:

DEAR SIR: I am in receipt of your letter of the 27th [28th] ultimo, giving this Department a very full account of your action in response to the requisition made upon you from this Department for troops, and I beg to tender you the thanks of the Government for your very prompt and efficient action.

It gives me pleasure to inform you that a large supply of artillery has just been ordered by the General-in-Chief to be sent to Major-General McClellan at Cincinnati, which it is confidently believed will be all sufficient to command the Ohio River. Every effort, I beg to assure you, is being made to provide ordnance supplies, but it is impossible to distribute them properly unless requisitions are limited to the actual wants of the troops called into Government service. The number and kind of troops for which supplies are required should be stated in each requisition, and evidence also given that they have been mustered into service.

It is contemplated to make another requisition for additional troops, to be mustered into service to serve during the war. As soon as determined you will be informed of the number desires from your State, which I trust will be in a day or two.

