
I referred your letter to the Chief of Ordnance, who report that the following arms have been issued to your State: 3,000 percussion muskets, new; 1,000 rifled muskets (Maynard primer); 4,500 accouterments; 20 rounds of ammunition for each musket; and that there have also been sent to you by the order of General Wool 5,000 flint-lock muskets altered to percussion, and 200,000 cartridges - no accouterments being sent with these arms; that the number of arms required for the regiments ordered from your State is 4,683, and the total number sent of all kinds is 9,500; also that all the arms sent are serviceable, and many of them of superior quality.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Augusta, Me., May 3, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 26th of April I have to say that the Second Regiment from Maine will be sent forward as soon as the Government will authorize it to be mustered into the service. It is now at quarters at Bangor. The First Regiment has been mustered into the service of the United States, but has not marched for the reason, as I am informed, that no order to that effect has been given to Captain Gardiner. When you want a third, a fourth, or a fifth, you shall have them. I desire that you may authorize Fort Sullivan and its grounds at Easport to be used by our troops for drilling, &amp;c.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

I. WASHBURN, JR.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, May 3, 1861.

Governor OLDEN:

DEAR SIR: I am in receipt of your letter of the 1st instant, by the hands of Captain Isaac M. Tuckneer, and I hasten to give you such information in reply as I can. Before doing so allow me, however, to tender you the thanks of this Department for the very prompt and efficient manner in which you and the people of your State have responded to the requisition made upon you.

I fully appreciate your embarrassments from my own daily experience. It is impossible to accept the two additional regiments under the former requisition of this Department, but it is in contemplation by the President to make another requisition, or rather to accept more troops to serve during the war. As soon as determined, and able to let you know how many are desired under this call from your State, you will be fully informed, when the opportunity will present itself to the two regiments now dcepted to be mustered into service for the war.

The arms furnished your troops may not be the best, but they are the best the Government at the present time is able to furnish them.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

