
ALBANY, N. Y., May 3, 1861.

Hon. SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Two or three regiments of the present uniformed are now ready to embark. Shall they be received by the General Government or sent to their homes?

E. D. MORGAN.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 3, 1861.

Honorable CHARLES G. MYERS:

DEAR SIR: I have yours of the 1st instant on behalf of the Board of Military Officers of the State of New York, in which you tender to the United States Government thirty-eight regiments of troops, to be armed and equipped by the State of New York, and to rendezvous at such place or places within the State as this Department may indicate, to serve for two years, unless sooner discharged, this Government to assume at the depot the pay, instruction, and subsistence of such troops.

I have the honor on behalf of the Government of the United States to inform you that this offer will be accepted on the conditions stated, and the regiments of New York's uniformed militia now in the service of the Government will be relieved when the troops you have tendered shall have been mustered into service.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 3, 1861.

Gov. ANDREW G. CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

General Patterson had no authority to make any requisition on you for twenty additional regiments, and you will understand me to say distinctly they cannot be mustered into service. In a day or two another call will be made for a large number of troops to serve during the war, and Pennsylvania will have her quota to supply under that call, and is confidently relied on to do so.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 15. Washington, May 4, 1861.

The President of the United States having called for a volunteer force to aid in the enforcement of the laws and the suppression of insurrection, and to consist of thirty-nine regiments of infantry and one regiment of cavalry, making a minimum aggregate of 34,506 officers and enlisted men, and a maximum aggregate of 42,034 officers and enlisted men, the following plan of organization has been adopted, and is directed to be printed for general information:

Plan of organization of the volunteer forces called into the service of the United States by the President.

The volunteers called into service under the proclamation of the President of the United States dated the 3rd day of May, 1861, will be

