
subject to the laws and regulations governing the Army of the United States, and the proportion and organization of each arm will be as follows:

1. INFANTRY.

Thirty-nine regiments of volunteer infantry will be raised. Each regiment will consist of ten companies, and each company will be organized as follows: Minimum-1 captain, 1 first lieutenant, 1 second lieutenant, 1 first sergeant, 4 sergeants, 8 corporals, 2 musicians, 1 wagoner, 64 privates; aggregate, 83. Maximum-1 captain, 1 first lieutenant, 1 second lieutenant, 1 first sergeant, 4 sergeants, 8 corporals, 2 musicians, 1 wagoner, 82 privates; aggregate, 101.

The commissioned officers of the company will be appointed by the Governor of the State furnishing it, and the non-commissioned officers, until the company shall be embodied in a regiment, will be appointed by the captain; afterward by the colonel, on recommendation of the captain.

Each regiment will be organized as follows: Minimum-830 company officers and enlisted men, 1 colonel, 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 major, 1 adjutant [a lieutenant], 1 regimental quartermaster [a lieutenant], 1 assistant surgeon, 1 sergeant-major, 1 regimental quartermaster-sergeant, 1 regimental commissary-sergeant, 1 hospital steward, 2 principal musicians, 24 musicians for band; aggregate, 866. Maximum-1,010 company officers and enlisted men, 1 colonel, 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 major, 1 adjutant [a lieutenant], 1 regimental quartermaster [a lieutenant], 1 assistant surgeon, 1 sergeant-major, 1 regimental quartermaster- sergeant, 1 regimental commissary-sergeant-major, 1 regimental quartermaster-sergeant, 1 regimental commissary-sergeant, 1 hospital steward, 2 principal musicians, 24 musicians for band; aggregate, 1,046.

The field officers of the regiment will be appointed by the Governor of the State which furnishes the regiment.

The adjutant and regimental quartermaster will be selected from the company officers of the regimental by the colonel, and may be reassigned to companies at his pleasure.

The non-commissioned staff will be selected by the colonel from the non-commissioned officers and privates of the regiment, and the vacancies so created will be filled by appointment, as is prescribed above.

2. CAVALRY.

One regiment of volunteer cavalry will be raised, and will consist of four, five, or six squadrons. Each squadron will consist of two companies, and each company will be organized as follows: Minimum-1 captain, 1 first lieutenant, 1 second lieutenant, 1 first sergeant, 1 company quartermaster-sergeant, 4 sergeants, 8 corporals, 2 buglers, 2 farriers and blacksmiths, 1 saddler, 1 wagoner, 56 privates; aggregate, 79. Maximum- 1 captain, 1 first lieutenant, 1 second lieutenant, 1 first sergeant, 1 company quartermaster-sergeant, 4 sergeants, 8 corporals, 2 buglers, 2 farriers and blacksmiths, 1 saddler, 1 wagoner, 72 privates; aggregate, 95.

Volunteer cavalry may be mustered into the service by companies or squadrons.

When two squadrons shall have been received, a lieutenant-colonel will be appointed to their command; and when two more squadrons shall have been received, a colonel and major will be appointed, and the four squadrons will be organized into a regiment. Two additional squadrons may be mustered into the regiment without affecting the organization of its regimental field and staff.

