
For the regiment there will be-1 colonel, 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 major, 1 adjutant [a lieutenant], 1 regimental quartermaster, 1 assistant surgeon, 1 sergeant-major, 1 regimental quartermaster- sergeant, 1 regimental commissary-sergeant, 1 hospital steward, 2 principal musicians, 16 musicians for band. And the minimum aggregate will be-if the regiment consists of four squadrons, 660; if the regiment consists of five squadrons, 818; if the regiment consists of six squadrons, 976. And the maximum aggregate will be-if the regiment consists of four squadrons, 788; if the regiment consists of five squadrons, 978; if the regiment consists of six squadrons, 1,168.

All officers of volunteers cavalry will be appointed and selected in the same manner as infantry officers of like rank.

3. GENERAL ORGANIZATION.

This force will be organized into three divisions of from three to four brigades.

Each brigade will consist of four regiments and 1 brigadier- general, 1 aide-de-camp [a lieutenant], 1 assistant adjutant- general [a captain], 1 surgeon, 1 assistant quartermaster [a captain], 1 commissary of subsistence [a captain].

All of the above officers will be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, except the aide- de-camp, who will be selected by the brigadier-general from the company officers, and who may be reassigned to his company at the pleasure of the brigadier-general.

Each division will consist of three or more brigades, and of one major-general, 2 aides-de-camp [captains or lieutenants], 1 assistant adjutant-general [a major].

The above officers will be appointed and selected as prescribed above for the additional officers of a brigade.

4. MEMORANDUM.

The officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates organized as above set forth will, in all respects, be placed on the footing, as to pay and allowances, of similar corps of the Regular Army: Provided, That their allowances for clothing shall be $2.50 per month for infantry and $3 per month for cavalry, and that each non-commissioned officer, private, musician, and artificer of cavalry shall furnish his own horse and horse equipments, and shall receive 50 cents per day for their use and risk, except that in case the horse shall become disabled, or shall die, the allowance shall cease until the disability be removed, or another horse be supplied. Every cavalry volunteer who shall not keep himself provided with a serviceable horse shall serve on foot.

Every volunteer non-commissioned officer, private, musician, and artificer who enters the service of the United States under this plan shall be paid at the rate of 50 cents, and if a cavalry volunteer 25 cents additional in lieu of forage, for every twenty miles of travel from his home to the place of muster-the distance to be measured by the shortest usually traveled route-and when honorably discharged an allowance, at the same rate, from the place of his discharge to his home, and in addition thereto the sum of $100.

Any volunteer who may be received into service of the United States under this plan, and who may be wounded or otherwise disabled in the service, shall be entitled to the benefits which have been or may be conferred on persons disabled in the regular service, and the legal

