
heirs of such as die or may be killed in service, in addition to all arrears of pay and allowances, shall receive the sum of $100.

The bands of the regiments of infantry and of the regiment of cavalry will be paid as follows: One-fourth of each will receive the pay and allowances of sergeants of engineer soldiers; one- fourth, those of corporals of engineer soldiers; and the remaining half, those of privates of engineer soldiers of the first class.

The wagoners and saddlers will receive the pay and allowances of corporals of cavalry.

The regimental commissary-sergeant will receive the pay and allowances of a regimental sergeant-major. The company quartermaster-sergeant, the pay and allowances of a sergeant of cavalry.

There will be allowed to each regiment one chaplain, who will be appointed by the regimental commander on the vote of the field officers and company commanders on duty with the regiment at the time the appointment is to be made. The chaplain so appointed must be a regularly ordained minister of some Christian denomination, and will receive the pay and allowances of captain of cavalry.

5. PROMOTION FROM THE RANKS.

Two-thirds of the company officers of the regiments to be raised under this plan will be appointed at the commencement of the organization of each regiment, and the remaining one-third, when the regiment shall have its full complement of men, will be appointed from the ranks, to be taken from among the sergeants on the recommendation of the colonel of the regiment, approved by the general commanding the brigade.

After the completion of the organization of a regiment of cavalry or infantry, one-half of all the vacancies which may occur in the lowest grade of commissioned officers, by promotion or otherwise, will be appointed as above from the ranks.

Corporals will be taken from the privates; sergeants from corporals.

The first sergeant will be taken from the other sergeants of the company by the captain.

The regimental non-commissioned staff will be appointed from the sergeants of the regiment by the colonel.

6. RECAPITULATION.

Minimum Maximum 39 regiments of infantry . ........... 33,774 40,794

1 regiment of cavalry................. 660 1,168

34,434 41,962

Brigade staff......................... 60 60

Division staff........................ 12 12

Aggregate............................. 34,506 42,034

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 16. Washington, May 4, 1861.

The President of the United States having directed an increase of the Regular Army of the United States by the addition of eight regiments of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, and one regiment of

