
of sergeants of engineer soldiers; one-fourth, those of corporals of engineer soldiers; and the remaining half, the pay and allowances of engineer soldiers of the first class. The wagoners and saddlers will receive the pay and allowances of corporals of cavalry. The battalions sergeant-major, quartermaster-sergeant, and commissary-sergeant, will receive the same pay and allowances as the sergeant-major of the regiments to which they belong.

The saddler-sergeants, veterinary-sergeants, company quartermaster-sergeants, and drum major, will receive the pay and allowances of sergeants of cavalry.

The battalion adjutants and battalion quartermaster and commissary will receive the emoluments now provided for regimental adjutants.

There will be added to the quartermaster and commissary will receive the emoluments now provided for regimental adjutants.

There will be added to the quartermaster's department as many wagoners, with the pay and allowances of corporals of cavalry, and as many master wagoners-with the rank, pay, and allowances of sergeants of cavalry-as the exigencies of the service, in the judgment of the President, may require.

There will be allowed to each regiment one chaplain, who will be appointed by the regimental commander, on the vote of the field officers and company commanders on duty with the regiment, at the time the appointment is to be made. The chaplain so appointed must be a regularly ordained minister of some Christian denomination, and will receive the pay and allowances of a captain of cavalry.

6. PROMOTION FROM THE RANKS, ETC.

Two-thirds of the company officers of the infantry and cavalry regiments will be appointed in the same manner as the officers of like rank in the existing Army; and the remaining one-third, when a regiment shall have its full complement of enlisted men, will be appointed from the ranks, to be taken from among the sergeants, on the recommendation of the colonel of the regiment, approved by the general commanding the brigade.

After the completion of the organization of a regiment of cavalry or infantry, one-half of all the vacancies which may occur in the lowest grade of commissioned officers, by promotion or otherwise, will be appointed, as above, from the ranks.

Non-commissioned officers will be appointed by the colonels of regiments, on the nomination of the captains, approved by the majors commanding battalions.

Corporals will be taken from the enlisted men; sergeants from corporals.

The first sergeant will be taken from the other sergeants of the company by the captain.

The battalion non-commissioned staff will be appointed from the sergeants of the battalion by the major commanding.

The regimental non-commissioned staff will be appointed from the sergeants of the regiment by the colonel.

7. RECAPITULATION.

Minimum Maximum

Infantry-8 regiments [3 battalions each] 16,160 19,616

Cavalry-1 regiment [6 squadrons]........ 997 1, 189

Artillery-1 regiment [12 batteries]..... 997 1,909

Aggregate............................... 18,154 22,714

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

