
INDIANAPOLIS, IND., May 4, 1861.

Hon. SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

The accouterments now manufacturing at Pittsburg Arsenal are needed for Indiana troops immediately, and have so advised Major Symington. Can we have them? We have six regiments in the field and not an accouterment.

O. P. MORTON.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Indianapolis, Ind., May 4, 1861.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

DEAR SIR: Many of the citizens of Indiana have large supplies of provisions, hay, &amp;c., which they desire to sell and ship to the South, and many of them are now carrying on a brisk trade with Kentucky, from whence these articles are sent South. The mass of our people are greatly opposed to this trade, and in many instances have interfered and prevented it, partly by force. It is possible, may be probable, that Kentucky will maintain substantially a neutral, position, which is the most that their so-called Union men pretend to hope for. For all purposes of trade, that is as fatal to us as though we were at war with them, more especially as the sympathies of Kentucky are all with the South. While I am very anxious not to unnecessarily multiply our enemies, will it not be well to cut off all trade with the States which refuse to fill your call for volunteers? The true Union men of those States will not object, I am sure, and the traitors cannot. I desire your attention to this matter, that you may cause such advice and instructions to be given as will enable the citizens of Indiana to act consistently with the views of the Federal Government, with which they are desirous to conform, and only complain that more men are not called for.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. P. MARTON,

Governor of Indiana.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Des Moines, Iowa, May 4, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

DEAR SIR: Yours of the 29th of April is just at hand. A glance at the map of Iowa will show you that the troops raised in this State will at Keokuk be at last 300 miles from the nearest point [Council Bluffs], and 400 miles from the point [Sioux City] most exposed to Indian depredations. This will not afford any protection to the northwestern frontier. All I ask is arms and ammunition; not any men. I hope you will give this matter further consideration. If you have time to consult the files of your Department you will find there evidence of the massacre of some fifty men, women, and children some three of four years ago in that region. If you cannot spare arms let me know the fact and I will try to purchase them.

Very respectfully,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

