
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Augusta, Me., May 4, 1861.

Hon. SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The State of Maine is desirous of raising and tendering [after they shall have] been sufficiently drilled] to the United States a battalion of flying artillell be raised and put under drill and instruction immediately if it can be understood that it will be received by the Government. All the volunteers from Maine are enlisted for two years, and there is no authority under the laws of the State to enlist for a longer time. The quotas already called for can be retained for that term. On this account it may be considered advisable for the United States to accept a larger number of regiments than if they could be retained but for three months. It is felt by our citizens on the Penobscot that prudence requires that a few men should be placed in Fort Knox, and I would respectfully ask for authority or advice in this regard.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ISRAEL WASHBURN, JR.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 4, 1861.

Major BURR PORTER,

Trenton, N. J.:

DEAR SIR: The regiments to be raised will most probably be apportioned among the different States, to serve during the war, and I therefore will have to refer you to His Excellency Governor Olden, for his acceptance of the regiments you raise. Should a different course be adopted and power be given to this Department to accept independent regiments, your proposition shall receive an early and favorable consideration.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE CHAMBER, Columbus, Ohio, May 4, 1861.

Requisition for ordnance and ordnance stores for the use of the Ohio militia in the service of the United States and State of Ohio:

Smooth-bore muskets, 25,000; rifled muskets, 1,200; Harper's Ferry rifles, 1,300.

Remarks.-I trust the Secretary of War will find it consistent with his sense of public duty to furnish these arms. With our extended frontier, exposed to border raids, &c., we need a largely increased amount of arms beyond what we have to be distributed among the people on the border. Other pressing exigencies also demand these arms in Ohio. If placed in the charge of my agents, Colonel N. H. Swayne and Judge J. R. Swan, of this city, they will be safely brought here, though as to the manner of forwarding the Secretary will please determine.

Respectfully,

W. DENNISON,

Governor of Ohio.

The arms, I am informed, are in the Washington Arsenal.

