
WAR DEPARTMENT, December 27, 1860.

Honorable JEFFERSON DAVIS,

Chairman Committee on Military Affairs, Senate:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 13th instant, I beg leave to refer you to the inclosed reports of the chiefs of the several bureaus, a communicating in detail the information desired by your committed touching the reduction of the expenses of the military establishment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHH B. FLOYD,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

A.

OFFICE COMMISSARY-GENERAL OF SUBSISTENCE, Washington, December 17, 1860/

Honorable JOHN B. FLOYD,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In compliance with your instructions to report upon the communication of the Honorable Jefferson Davis, chairman of the Senate Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia, of the 13th instant, I have the honor to state that whilst the strength of the Army continues as at present, and is employed in the same manner, I know of no reduction which can be made in the expenditure for its subsistence.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

J. P. TAYLOR,

Acting Commissary-General subsistence.

B.

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE, December 17, 1860.

Honorable JOHN B. FLOYD,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In reply to a communication referred by you to this office from the chairman of the Military Committee of the Senate, inquiring "whether the expenses in the military department of the government cannot be reduced without detriment to the public service," I have the honor to report that the expenditures of the medical and hospital department of the Army have always been regulated with a view to the utmost economy.

It is not believed that these expenditures can be reduced in a single item without a sacrifice of the welfare of the soldier and the true interests of the public service.

i am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

By order:

R. C. WOOD,

Surgeon, U. S. Army.

C.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT, December 18, 1860.

Honorable JOHN B. FLOYD,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In answer to the resolution of the Military Committee of the Senate, adopted on the 11th instant, inquiring "whether the expenses in

