
NEW HAVEN, CONN., May 6, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Your order to Governor Buckingham, who is in Washington, has been received. I will see that the First and Second Connecticut Regiments embark so soon as the Second Regiment is mustered in. The Third Regiment will follow so soon as its clothing is complete.

DANL. TYLER,

First Regiment Connecticut Volunteers.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., May 6, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Can you not say to-day how many regiments of three-years' men you will take from Indiana? It is important to know, as many companies are waiting in camp.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 6, 1861.

Governor SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD, Iowa City:

DEAR SIR: I am in receipt of your letter of the 29th ultimo, and have the honor to inform you, in reply, that you will be afforded the opportunity, under the second call for troops just issued by the President, to muster into service the troops from your State which could not be received under the first call of the President. The number called into service from Iowa under the first proclamation is 780. Arms for that number were retained at the Saint Louis Arsenal when the shipment was made thence to Springfield. These arms were intended to be forwarded to Keokuk or Davenport, or the place where the troops would be mustered into service, the officers mustering the troops into service being designated to receive them. I may add that it is essential, to avoid confusion and difficulty, that supplies should be furnished in order. First the troops called into immediate service of the United States must be provided for, and further issues must be postponed until such troops are supplied. It would in no way expedite matters to hurry off arms before troops are mustered.

In regard to furnishing arms to the militia of your State at this time, in view of the apprehensions of being troubled by the Indians, I can now only say that the Chief of Ordnance advises that 1,000 stand of arms ought to be forwarded to Keokuk, to be there taken in charge by Colonel Curtis or some other responsible person, to be used in case of an emergency. If this arrangement should answer the purpose, you will please inform third Department.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

DAVENPORT, IOWA, May 6, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

How many more regiments will be required from Iowa and for how long? I am overwhelmed with applications.

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD,

Governor of Iowa.

