
General Wright and the Second Division of New Jersey State Militia was made to the President, and he writes me that he shall recommend your Department to accept the services of General Wright and the Second Division as part of the new corps of volunteers. It is proper for me to say to you, since many in our State will be disappointed, that it will not be politic to take the whole division and disappoint many in various parts of the State. Since the number of volunteers is limited, when the quota of New Jersey is fixed, on information being given me, I will make such distribution of the privilege of volunteering as will be generally satisfactory throughout the State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHS. S. OLDEN.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Albany, N. Y., May 6, 1861.

Hon. SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

MY DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 29th ultimo, containing a request that no more troops be sent from New York to Washington until further advised, &amp;c.

I avail myself of this occasion to state the force already sent forward in compliance with the requisition of the National Executive:

Seventh Regiment, Colonel Pinckney, 550 men; Twelfth Regiment, Colonel Butterfield, 950 men; Seventy-first Regiment, Colonel Vosburgh, 950 men; left New York April 21, 1861.

Twenty-fifth Regiment, Colonel Bryan, 500 men; Thirteenth Regiment, Colonel Smith, strength not ascertained; Eighth Regiment, Colonel Lyons, 900 men; left New York April 23, 1861.

Fifth Regiment, Colonel Schwartzwalder, 600 men; left New York April 27, 1861.

Twenty-eighth Regiment, Colonel Bennett, strength not ascertained; left New York April 30, 1861.

Eleventh Regiment, Colonel Ellsworth, 1,050 men; left New York April 29, 1861.

Sixty-ninth Regiment, Colonel Corcoran, 1,050 men; left New York April 23, 1861.

In addition to the above there are ready for muster into the U. S. service a sufficient number of the volunteer regiments to complete the President's requisition on this State so soon as they shall be formally accepted by the Board of State Officers.

Since the foregoing was written I have received from the general commanding the New York depot of volunteers a communication containing the wishes of Lieutenant-General Scott that "all the authorized quota of three-months' volunteers be dispatched to Washington and Fort Monroe as soon as equipped." In reference to this last point [of equipment], in the absence of any definite instructions, I desire information. Will the United States Government furnish clothing, tents, and camp equipage, with transportation for the same, ammunition, subsistence, and all other stores requisite for the troops in the field after they shall have been mustered into the U. S. service? If not all the above, what part? What portion shall be sent to Fort Monroe and what to Washington?

