
At the request of Governor Sprague, Major John S. Slocum and Surg. Francis L. Wheaton will accompany him to Providence, R. I., and are detailed to aid him in the organization of said regiment. As soon as the enlistments in the said regiment shall warrant, and the officers commissioned in accordance with the laws of the State, Governor Sprague is authorized to make requisition upon the Ordnance and Quartermaster's Departments for the necessary arms, equipments, camp and garrison equipage for said regiment of infantry and battery of artillery, and be mustered into the service of the United States. The regiment of infantry will be organized in accordance with the mode prescribed by the Adjutant- General's Department of the Army of the United States, which will be hereafter made known to Governor Sprague.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Rutland, Vt., May 7, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In reply to your telegram advising that no more troops from this State should be mustered into service for three months or for less than three years, I beg to inform you that the regiment now in rendezvous at this place, awaiting your orders to go forward, was, under your requisition of the 15th ultimo, detailed by companies from the regiments composing our uniform militia, the call being for three months' service. They are not volunteers, but regular militia uniform companies.

At the late extra session of the Legislature an act was passed [of which I have sent to your address a copy] directing me to enlistand organize without delay two regiments, and in my discretion four more, for the term of two years from and after the 1st day of June, 1861. These two regiments will be enlisted very shortly and put under drill. I have no legal authority to enlist troops for three years, the law specifying that the enlistments shall be for two years from and after the 1st day of June, 1861, unless sooner discharged. Now, unless the General Government can accept troops from this State enlisted or drafted for two years I shall be unable to comply with any future requisition without calling another extra session of the General Assembly.

In regard to the regiment now in rendezvous, it is composed in great part of citizens in business life, who are patriotic and willing to respond to the call of their country in its emergency, but who could not feel willing to enlist for a two or three years' service. Such troops can be raised, and sufficient numbers are pressing into the volunteer ranks, but they are generally of a different class from the uniform companies. I strongly desire that this regiment may be moved forward, if it be but for a frontier service, fearing if they dampen the ardor of the many who are now volunteering under the two-years' leave.

Colonel Rains passed by this place to-day, sending word that he will return to-morrow to inspect the regiment.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ERASTUS FAIRBANKS.

P. S.-This first regiment is now quartered in bell tents. Will it be expected that these tents shall go forward with the regiment, or will the General Government provide?

E. F.

