
WAR DEPARTMENT, May 8, 1861.

To the SEVERAL BUREAUS:

SIR: I transmit herewith copy of appointment of John Tucker, esq., as general transportation agent of this Department, and you are hereby instructed to cause to be communicated to him the requirements of your Bureau as they may arise, giving him such reasonable notice of my demands upon him as the nature of the service and the circumstances of the case may allow.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 8, 1861.

JOHN TUCKER, Esq.:

SIR: In the present exigencies of public affairs and the requirements of the military branch of the public service it has become imperatively necessary to appoint a general agent of transportation for the Government, to whom shall be confided the duties consequent upon the transportation of men, supplies, and munitions of war.

Relying on your well-known integrity and high character, you have been selected, and are hereby appointed, as such general agent of transportation, and you are requested to enter upon the duties thereof at the earliest day practicable. Being thus appointed, you are hereby desired to proceed forthwith to Philadelphia and New York, and hold yourself subject to any orders of the Secretary of War, communicated yourself subject to any orders of the Secretary of War, communicated to your either direct or through the proper officers.

It is the purpose of this Department that you provide, and you are hereby authorized to purchase [with the sanction of the Department], charter, or in such manner as may be the best for the public interests, the speediest means of transportation for all troops and those connected with the Army, all munitions of war, and all supplies of whatever nature of which you may be informed by this Department, using every economy in procuring such necessary means of transportation, whether in so purchasing, chartering, or hiring water conveyance or in engaging transportation by land, whatever the character of such conveyance.

You will keep the Department advised of your movements, that communications by mail or by telegraph may reach you without delay. You will keep a careful record of your proceedings, and report to the Department from time to time your action under this authority.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 8, 1861.

JOSEPH H. DICKSON,

Quebec:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 26th ultimo, addressed to the President of the United States, expressing your cordial sympathies in behalf of the American Union, and tendering your services to support and sustain the Stars and Stripes. Accept the thanks of this Government for your truly patriotic offer. I cannot doubt your services would be valuable to the Government in this emergency, but I beg to remind you that we are engaged in a contest to put down rebellion, and it behooves us to

