
exhibit to the world the power of the American Union to vindicate its authority by the hands of her own citizens, and I am happy to add that we rest in the confident assurance of the ability of the loyal citizens of this Government to accomplish this result. I am constrained, therefore, to decline your services.

I am, sir, very respectfully, yours,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 8, 1861.

D. McDONALD,

Halifax, N. S.:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 20th ultimo, addressed to the President of the United States, and I beg leave to say in reply that, while it is highly gratifying to this Government to learn that the people of Nova Scotia sympathize with it in its determination to suppress rebellion, it cannot accept their services in the Army. Be assured, sir, the difficulty of the President of the United States now is, not the want of men to march to the rescue of the Government, but to resist the pressure upon me to accept all who offer their services from the different States of the Union.

Thanking you for your services, I am, sir, respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, May 8, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN A. ANDREW,Governor of Massachusetts, Boston:

SIR: Lieutenant-General Scott has had the honor to receive your letter of the 1st instant, with a copy of the communication dated April 30 to General Butler, in relation to the transport Cambridge.* The Cambridge arrived at Fort Monroe the 4th instant, landed there the camp and garrison equipage intended for the Massachusetts volunteers at that post, and proceeded by the Potomac to this city with the rest of the equipage and all the stores for the Massachusetts volunteers. The supplies have been directed as your desire. General Scott being exceedingly pressed with business and not in good health, commands me to express his gratification and his thanks for the timely re-enforcement of Fort Monroe by Massachusetts troops, and the opportune arrival of camp equipage and supplies for them.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 8, 1861.

Honorable ALEXANDER RAMSEY,

Saint Paul, Minn.:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 30th ultimo, informing me that one regiment of 900 men has

---------------

*See Andrew to Butler, Series I, Vol. II,p. 613.

---------------

