
been detached from the militia of Minnesota and is now rendezvoused at Fort Spelling, ready for active service.

You will please accept the thanks of this Department for the prompt response to the call of the President on the patriotism of the citizens of your State.

Respectfully, yours,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 8, 1861.

Governor CHARLES S. OLDEN,

Trenton:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 6th instant, respecting the tender of the services of General Wright and his division of New Jersey militia. Concurring with you most fully in the views which you express on the subject, I shall endeavor to have them carried out in the matter.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 8, 1861.

Governor EDWIN D. MORGAN,

Albany:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 6th instant, giving the regiments, strength, and date of departure from New York of the force sent forward from your State in compliance with the requisition of the President, and I again thank you for the very energetic and efficient service you have rendered the Government in the present emergency.

In reply to your inquiry I beg leave to say that "ammunition, subsistence, and other stores requisite for the troops in the field, after they shall have been mustered into the U. S.service," are furnished them by the Government. So are "tents and camp equipage, with transportation for the same." Clothing is also furnished them, but finding it difficult to supply all promptly, some of the States have furnished their troops with it, relying upon the Government to refund the expenditure.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Albany, N. Y., May 8, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Your letter of the 3rd instant, written in reply to Mr. Attorney-General Myers' communication of the 1st instant to the War Department, accepting from the State of New York thirty-eight regiments of volunteers for two years, unless sooner discharged, and assuming, at such depots within this State as the War Department may indicate, the instruction, pay, and subsistence of such troops, has been laid before

12 R R-SERIES III, VOL I

