
the Board of Officers formed under an act of the Legislature of the State of New York, passed April 16, 1861, whereupon the following formal action was taken by them:

Resolved. That the report of the attorney-general be received and entered upon the minutes of the Board. That the agreement entered into by that officer, in behalf of the State, with the Federal Government, be, and the same is hereby, approved and adopted.

I take this occasion to acquaint you with the fact that six of the volunteer regiments are ready to be immediately mustered into the service of the United States [besides Colonel Ellsworth's, now in the field] and that the rest may be expected to be ready in ten days.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

E. D. MORGAN.

NEW YORK, May 8, 1861.

Hon. SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Will the States be called upon for their quota of the last requisition, or will the President accept companies, regiments, or brigades at large? If the latter course be adopted, I can offer a regiment or a brigade already organized and ready for service as U. S. Volunteers. Please answer.

D. E. SICKLES.

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 8, 1861.

Governor ANDREW G. CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

In reply to your telegram of yesterday, I beg leave to say that the inquiry which I had the honor to make of you the day before yesterday was not whether Pennsylvania can fill her quota of men for three years' service, or during the war, under the second call of the President, for it is well known to this Department that she can and will do it; nor was it to ask you to exercise any power not belonging to you. It simply was to inform you that it is now preferred to have all the regiments already mustered into service for three months, which are not actually sent forward, remustered into service for three years, or during the war, should they be willing to do so. To accomplish this end your aid was invoked to confer with the officers and men of these regiments and make known to this Department their disposition on the subject. To this, the material part of the telegram, there is no reply in yours of yesterday. I am happy to say, however, that a telegram has just been received from the colonel of one regiment expressing the willingness of his command to be mustered for service during the war, as I doubt not all the others are if the desire of the Government be made known to them by you. I may add that one of the brigadier-generals of your State has by letter expressed the same willingness, with but few exceptions, on the part of his command. The desire of the Government to have them mustered for three years is, indeed, superinduced by the pressure upon it by three-months' service troops to be so remustered.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

