
I approved and accepted in behalf of the United States, and immediately adopted prompt and energetic measures for carrying it out. Ships were chartered, supplies furnished, and troops forwarded with the utmost dispatch to Washington, via the Potomac River and the Chesapeake Bay to Annpolis. Steamers were sent to protect the ships from capture by two privateers reported to be off Cape Henry. All the vessels carrying troops and supplies were either armed or convoyed to their places of destination. The steamship Quaker City, after landing her troops at Annapolis, was ordered to report to Colonel Dimick, commanding Fort Monroe, to prevent the transportation of cannon, &amp;c., from Norfolk to Old Point Comfort to besiege that fort, and also to look out for privateers, and to protect our vessels going up the Potomac and the Chesapeake Bay.

On the requisition of Colonel Dimick I ordered provisions, carriages, ammunition, and implements to Fort Monroe.

Being informed that the troops at Washington were short of provisions, I ordered Major Eaton, until otherwise directed, to send by Perryville to Annapolis 30,000 rations daily; all which was promptly, efficiently, successfully, and without any accident whatever executed, and as was reported, saved the metropolis from the ravages of war.

Upon the application of the various Governors, I ordered to Pennsylvania 26,080 muskets and 1,037,889 cartridges; to Ohio, 10,000 muskets and 400,000 cartridges; to Indiana, 5,000 muskets and 200,000 cartridges; to Massachusetts, 4,000 stand of arms; to Illinois, 200,000 cartridges; to New Hampshire, 2,000 muskets and 20,000 cartridges; to Vermont, 300 rifles; to New Jersey, 2,880 muskets; to General Sandford, of New York, 16,000 muskets; and to Commissary-General Welch, of New York, at the request of Hon. Mr. Dix, 40 rifles.

I requested the Governor of Illinois by telegraph to secure the arsenal at Saint Louis, and at the same time sent a special messenger to the Honorable Frank P. Blair, urging him to assist in its preservation, by all which means 21,000 stand of arms were secured and sent to Springfield, Ill. Out of these I requested the Governor to furnish to Ohio 5,000 muskets in addition to those previously sent there, and to Wisconsin 3,000 stand of arms.

At the request of Governor Andrew I permitted him to use the forts in Boston Harbor to drill and discipline two regiments of Massachusetts Volunteers, out of which I directed one company should be sent as speedily as possible to Watertown Arsenal and two to protect the armory at Springfield.

Upon a like application from Governor Goodwin, of New Hampshire, I consented to his taking such measures as were indispensably necessary, without any extraordinary expenditure, to place the navy-yard and harbor of Portsmouth in a defensive condition, including such troops as were absolutely required. I further gave my concurrence to the occupancy of Fort Adams by the force ordered there by Governor Sprague, subject to the approval of the War Department. I sanctioned also, upon application of a committee on behalf of the common council of New Bedford, the erection of defensive works at Clark's Point, provided all expense incurred should be paid by the local authorities and the works surrendered to the Federal Government when demanded.

Finally, I issued the necessary orders for the occupancy of Fort Schuyler by Colonel Duryea's regiment, of this State.

Such in part were the duties I performed in the course of ten days, without orders from any quarter. During this time I reported to Lieutenant-General Scott, on the 23rd and the 25th ultimo, what I had done

