
cannot at Washington fairly estimate the resolute determination existing among all classes of people in the free States to put down at once and forever this monstrous rebellion. The masses are far ahead of the politicians in this feeling. I have been surprised as well as gratified to find that our most cautious and money-loving men say that now is the time to establish our Government upon a permanent basis and one the cannot be shaken; that as a matter of business-of dollars and cents-no amount of money necessary to accomplish this objects is too great, and that blood shed for such a purpose is well shed. The only fear existing in men's minds is that the Government will stop short of its whole duty; that when the work is half done, and the end clearly seen, parties will spring up among us urging a compromise or something short of entire subjugation, and that we shall yield to the clamor. This, they say, would be a betrayal of the cause of social order. The people are now at your back, full of enthusiasm and wrath. Take advantage of it, and relax no effort until the cause of Government is vindicated and the traitors doomed. While mere invasion is to be avoided, I hold that wherever the public property has been seized it must be repossessed, and wherever rebels appear in arms to resist the laws they should be dispersed. The Government owes protection to good citizens, oppressed by lawlessness, in all the States, and I trust that protection will be afforded.

Excuse me for saying thus much. I could not avoid saying how heartily I approve what you are now doing, and am hoping every day to hear of some decided blow. Our first regiment is all ready, and only deteriorates while staying here. It should be ordered into active service at once.

Your friend, truly,

W. P. FESSENDEN.

COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS, EXEC. DEPT., Council Chamber, Boston, May 9, 1861.

Lieutenant General WINFIELD SCOTT,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: The propeller Pembroke, gun-boat, in the employ of this State for transport service, will start on Thursday from this port with two companies of troops to fill up the Massachusetts regiments at Fort Monroe. She will have on board a quantity of stores, as per memorandum herewith attached,* to be landed at Fort Monroe, unless otherwise ordered by yourself or the War Department. It not being known whether the Commissary Department of the United States will take charge of the stores, they will be consigned to the senior officer of the Massachusetts troops at that post, who will be authorized to deliver such of them as the Commissary General of the U. S. Army may be ready to receive.

The Pembroke, after discharging men and stores, will be directed to return forthwith to Boston, unless otherwise ordered by yourself or by the Department, at whose service she is placed. The vessel has been bought and armed jointly by the merchants and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. A description of the vessel is annexed,* and she may be useful as a gun-boat, transport, or tender. She ought to reach Fort Monroe in about sixty hours of good weather.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

