
The stores placed on board are such as are deemed needful for troops, are carefully bought both as to price and quality, and, with certain exceptions indicated in the invoice, they are all intended to be at the disposal of the Department, supposing we could incidentally render no better service than this, and they my be carried up to Washington, left at Fort Monroe, or carried around to Annapolis, as the Government shall wish.

Yours, most respectfully and faithfully,

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor.

NEW YORK, May 9, 1861.

Hon. SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

My brigade will be uniformed and equipped as regulars by the city of New York. I have twelve officers who served in Mexico under General Scott; some of them with distinction. Captain Don Williamson, late of the U. S. Army, Engineer Corps, is my brigade inspector. He will command one of my regiments if you accept us. The 3,000 troops called from this State are all mustered, and unless you take us I must disband two splendid regiments eager for service. The city has ordered twelve steel rifled cannon for me. We will go for three years or longer, or for the war, or as regulars. Please answer as soon as possible.

D. E. SICKLES,

Colonel Excelsior Regiment and Actq. Brigadier General, City Hall, N. Y.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 9, 1861.

Governor WILLIAM DENNISON,

Columbus, Ohio:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 4th instant, containing a requisition for 25,000 muskets, 1,200 rifled muskets, and 1,300 Harper's Ferry muskets, and I beg leave to say in reply that arms and accouterments at this time can be furnished only to troops mustered into the service of the United States. On examination at the Ordnance Department I find that at least 15,000 muskets have already been furnished to your State, chiefly by orders from General Wool, while the total quota thus far called out by the President from your State does not exceed 10,000 men. This being the case, I feel the less reluctant to decline to meet your requisition at this time, as I feel obliged to do. It is not possible to meet demands for arms to be distributed among the people without very soon exhausting our entire supplies and making disproportionate distributions to different parts of the country. I may, moreover, add that the Government has not Harper's Ferry rifled muskets on hand, and that the small supply of rifled muskets it is obliged to reserve for troops mustered to serve during the war.

Very respectfully,

S

