
HARRISBURG, PA., May 9, 1861.

Hon. SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

I have sent following letter to the colonels of all the regiments, and will advise you as I hear from them:
HEADQUARTERS COMMANDING-IN-CHIEF, Harrisburg, Pa., May 9, 1861.

COLONEL REGIMENT STATIONED AT-:

SIR: I have been requested by the Secretary of War to let the regiments now in the service of the State know that it is preferred to have all the regiments already mustered into service for three months, which are not actually sent forward, remustered into service for three years or during the war, should they be willing to do so. I therefore deem it proper that you immediately ascertain the preference of your regiment upon this question and communicate the result forthwith to me. Those who do not desire to re-enlistfor this additional period can be formed into regiments, or have such arrangements made as to enable them to retire with honor in accordance with their enlistment.

I cannot refrain from saying that it would afford me pleasure to see the regiments so promptly and patriotically offered to the State give this additional and more enduring evidence of continual devotion to their country.

Very respectfully, yours,A. G. CURTIN,

Governor and Commander-in-Chief.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 9, 1861.

Hon. D. COOPER,

Saint Paul:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 1st instant, in relation to Pug-o-na-ke-shick, or Hole-in- the-Day, and his braves of the Chippewa Nation. You can say to him that the President as well as this Department is much pleased by his fidelity to the Government, as manifested, "by the offer of the services of himself and 100 or a greater number of his headmen and braves to aid in defending the Government and its institutions against the enemies of the country." To yourself I can say it is wonderful with what eagerness the people flock round the standard of our great Republic. It is not possible at this time to ascertain their number, but that number is further increased-the present emergency. Now this fact, but more especially the nature of our present national troubles, forbids the use of savages and makes it imperative upon this Department to decline the offer of the Chippewa chief, but with admiration of the sentiments, as expressed which prompted it.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA:

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas an insurrection exists in the State of Florida, by which the lives, liberty, and property of loyal citizens of the United States are endangered.

And whereas it is deemed proper that all needful measures should be taken for the protection of such citizens and all officers of the

