
United States in the discharge of their public duties in the State aforesaid:

Now, therefore, be it known that I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States on the Florida coast to permit no person to exercise any office or authority upon the islands of Key West, the Tortugas, and Santa Rosa which may be inconsistent with the laws and Constitution of the United States, authorizing him at the some time, if he shall find it necessary, to suspend there the writ of habeas corpus and to remove from the vicinity of the U. S. fortresses all dangerous or suspected persons.

In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington this tenth day of May, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and of the Independence of the United States the eighty-fifth.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

By the President:

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., May 10, 1861.

Hon. SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

The Eleventh Indiana Regiment of Zouaves started to Evansville last night in pursuance of your order. They are in fine condition and well disciplined. The other three regiments will march for the same point as soon as they receive their accouterments. It would relieve me from much embarrassment to learn how many regiments of three years' men you will take.

O. P. MORTON.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, IOWA, May10, 1861.

Hon. SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

DEAR SIR: I have just received yours of the 6th instant. The First Iowa Regiment is in rendezvous at Keokuk, and I hope will soon be supplied with arms. It will, under the authority of the telegram from you of the 6th instant, have 970 men.

In regard to furnishing arms for the militia, you propose to place 1,000 stand of arms "at Keokuk, in charge of Colonel Curtis, or some other responsible person, to be used in case of emergency." In reply I can only say that if by this it is intended that the arms shall remain in Keokuk until an attack is actually made by Indians, and then be used to repel such attack, such arrangement will not be of practical benefit. Keokuk is at least 300 miles from Council Bluffs, and nearly or quite 400 miles from Sioux City, in which region the Indians will be trouble-some, if at all. Between Keokuk and either of these points there are only about 80 miles of railroad, and the balance of the way arms, &amp;c., must be carried by wagon. The Indians might invade our State, do incalculable injury, and be gone beyond our reach long before an express could reach Keokuk and the arms taken to the point of attack. The arms to be available to us must be near the points exposed.

