
Please consult Colonel Curtis on these matters. He is familiar with the geography of our State, and can give you important and reliable information.

Permit me to repeat that much alarm and uneasiness exist along our southern border. I am daily in receipt of letters from that part of this State, informing me that our people fear a border war with Missouri. We have no arms. I cannot, after diligent sent to this State was based on the census of 1850, and has been very small. So far as arms are concerned, we are defenseless, and must remain so unless supplied by you. Arms in the hands of our people along the Missouri border would not only be a protection to us, but would be of great moral support to the true men in Missouri. I must be allowed to urge again the absolute necessity of sending a liberal supply to this State beyond the quota to arm the troops raised here for the service of the United States. Illinois has received 21,000 stand of arms. She has but a small border exposed and it well settled. She had before a good supply of arms, based upon her population. We were unprovided for, and are so yet.

I know well that at this time you are overwhelmed with business, but must entreat that this matter have careful consideration.

Colonel Curtis, with whom you are acquainted, and Honorable John A. Kasson, First Assistant Postmaster-General, can give you full information, and I trust you will consult them.

Very respectfully,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

HARTFORD, CONN., May 11, 1861.

Hon. SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

How many regiments will you receive from Connecticut for three- years' service?

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Hartford, Conn., May 11, 1861.

Hon. SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: When in Washington a few days since your Adjutant-General named two regiments as the quota of troops for Connecticut to furnish under the call of the President for troops for three- years' service. Will you have the goodness to name that number in a letter to my address? I have already accepted one regiment for three years, and will be obliged if you will direct Colonel Loomis to muster them into the service.

I am, dear sir, yours, with high regard,

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Hartford, Conn., May 11, 1861.

Hon. SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: I have the honor of informing you that the Second Regiment of Connecticut Volunteers, commanded by Colonel Alfred H. Terry, embarked

