
last evening on board the steamship Cahawba, and sailed from New Haven for Washington. The Third Regiment will be in good condition to move next week, and I shall forward them in the same manner.

Trusting the troops will render valuable services to our country, and assuring you of the support and cordial co-operation of this State in your efforts to sustain the authority of the Government, I am, with high regard, your obedient servant,

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Detroit, Mich., May 11, 1861.

General SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I am authorized by the Governor of this State to say that four regiments [a brigade] are ready for U. S. service, to be mustered for three years, unless sooner discharged. The Governor desires that they may be accepted as a brigade and move together, if the interests of the service will permit. The regiments are fully equipped, except arms and accouterments for two regiments.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. ROBERTSON,

Adjutant-General Michigan.

P. S.-Men enough are enrolled for seven regiments.

PORTSMOUTH, N. H., May 11, 1861.

Hon. SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

The First Regiment of New Hampshire Volunteers waits your orders. We can furnish immediately another regiment for the war.

ICHABOD GOODWIN,

Governor of New Hampshire.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Trenton, N. J., May 11, 1861.

Hon. SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have dispatched to you, as my special and confidential messenger, Colonel John G. Stevens, to lay before you the condition in which I am placed with regard to the proposed call for volunteers for three years. Colonel Stevens is thoroughly conversant with my views and embarrassments and the importance of keeping public sentiment right in New Jersey and doing nothing to cause a revulsion of that patriotic feeling which has exhibited itself so nobly in this State.

The written communication* which he carries with him will be of secondary interest and importance to you compared with the oral representations he will make to you, because it is impossible to place upon paper and represent in full force the many facts and considerations which I have charged him to lay before you.

I am, sir, very respectfully, yours,

CHS. S. OLDEN.

---------------

*See next, post.

---------------

