
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Trenton, N. J. May 11, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War:

SIR: The recent proclamation of the President of the United States calling for volunteers to serve the United States Government for three years has excited the ardor of the people of this State, and I am overwhelmed with applications from regiments and companies eager to enlist under that proclamation.

I conceived it to be my duty to accept conditionally the offer of many of them, in order that the State might be prepared to furnish her share of the permanent force requisite to sustain the Government, and I am now subsisting a large force, who are now ready to be immediately mustered into service for three years. These men ought not to be subsisted and withdrawn from their ordinary pursuits unless they are really to be received by the General Government, nor ought the State to be subjected to the burden of their maintenance if they are not needed.

It is of the utmost political importance to this State that at least three regiments of three-years' volunteers should be accepted from the State. I am aware that you do not probably need them at present at Washington, but I would suggest that you should order them to be mustered into service and encamped here at Trenton. Major Laidley, U. S. A Army, is now here under orders for this Trenton. Major Laidley, U. S. Army, is now here under orders for this duty, but without instructions to proceed to muster in the volunteers for three years. I earnestly request that he be ordered immediately to muster them in. They could be thoroughly drilled here in camp, and equipped and uniformed at leisure. They would them be ready for active service whenever needed, and they could be transported hence with great facility, either by land or water, to any point to which the Government might at any time order them. Any action desired of this State will be taken by me when authorized by you, and detailed instructions as to the officering, subsistence, and equipment of the troops would be earnestly desired.

Permit me again to impress upon you the great importance to this State of encouraging the present patriotic impulses of its people and of taking permanent pledges for the stability of public opinion by securing the services for three years of at least three regiments of its active population.

I am advised by a dispatch from Brigadier-General Runyon, now commanding the New Jersey brigade at Washington, that he is unable to procure from the U. S. Commissary Department the necessary subsistence for his men and the utensils for cooking their food. He has subsisted them in the best way he could, and has drawn on me for a heavy amount to pay the expense he has thereby incurred. I wish you would give Colonel John G. Stevens, the bearer hereof, such directions, instructions, or orders on the U. S. commissariat as will secure the comfortable subsistence of the New Jersey brigade.

Regretting that I have to trespass so much upon your time, I am, sir, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

CHS. S. OLDEN.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Albany, N. Y., May 11, 1861.

Hon. SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acquaint you that the following regiments of New York Volunteers were ordered to be mustered into the U. S.

