
EXECUTIVE CHAMBER, Frederick City, Md., May 13, 1861.

Hon. SIMON CAMERON:

DEAR SIR: I herewith transmit a copy of a letter from Brigadier- General Stites, tendering his brigade for special service. So soon as I can get the necessary papers ready I shall call out the four regiments for which the President has made a requisition upon me. They will be composed of volunteers.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. H. HICKS.

[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., MARYLAND MILITIA, Elkton, May 10, 1861.

His Excellency THOMAS H. HICKS:

DEAR SIR: Your proclamation of the 6th instant reached me this morning, and as it was not my purpose to issue a brigade order in obedience to General Tilghman's orders, it was quite gratifying to know that I was not liable to censure.

I entirely approve of Your Excellency's course in relation to the position our State should occupy at the present juncture. Secession would be ruin and desolation to two-thirds of our dear old State, and I offer you my most cordial congratulations on the position you occupy. The opinions of all our correct-minded citizens will indorse you, and Cecil County will sustain you fully.

If it should meet your approbation, I would request as a favor that you offer to the Government of the United States the volunteer force of my brigade-say 500 men, or 1,000 if necessary- to guard the Philadelphia, Wilmington and Baltimore Railroad from the Delaware line through Cecil and Harford counties; and if the officer is accepted I can muster the men into service in three days after receiving the order. The German troops who are at present stationed here could be withdrawn, and I will pledge my own individual honor and the honor of the whole brigade for the fidelity of the guard.

I have this moment had a consultation with Colonel Howard and other officers of the brigade, who most cordially approve of my making the offer, and are ready at a moment's notice.

Believe me, sincerely,H. S. STITES,

Brigadier-General.

I should be glad to know the result of the offer as early as may suit your convenience.

WASHINGTON, May 13, 1861.

Hon. SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In the new requisition upon the States for troops will companies of cavalry be received? If so, I am authorized to tender at least one company, who, under the care of Captain James Starkey, have already a partial organization and have requested me to tender their services to the President. Other companies are organizing for the same purpose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. RAMSEY,

Governor of Minnesota.

