
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Sait Johnsbury, Vt., May 13, 1861.

L. THOMAS, esq.,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

SIR: I have appointment recruiting officers, and directed the immediate enlistment of two regiments of soldiers for the service of the State and the United States, under the provisions of an act of the Legislature of Vermont, approved April 26, 1861, a copy of which I herewith inclose.

I require, in addition to the arms now on hand for these two regiments, 1,360 rifle muskets, and I would respectfully solicit an order from your department upon the superintendent of the U. S. Armory at Springfield for said muskets, to be delivered so soon as the twenty companies of these two regiments shall have been inspected and organized under the superintendence of the adjutant and inspector-general of Vermont.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ERASTUS FAIRBANKS.

[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, May 17, 1861.

Respectfully referred to the Colonel of Ordnance for so much as relates to arms.

By order:

JAS. B. FRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

ORDNANCE OFFICE, May 18, 1861.

Respectfully returned. Arms can be issued only to troops actually mustered into the U. S. service. Our supplies will not admit of furnishing any other than smooth-bored arms.

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel of Ordnance.

[Inclosure.]

AN ACT to provide for raising six special regiments for immediate service for protecting and defending the Constitution and Union.

It is hereby enacted by the General Assembly of the State of Vermont as follows:

SECTION 1. The Governor is hereby authorized and required to raise, organize, and muster into the service of this State, without delay, two regiments of soldiers; and at such a time as in his discretion it may appear necessary, four other regiments, each regiment to consist of the regimental officers following; that is to say, one colonel, one lieutenant-colonel, one major, one surgeon, surgeon's mate, and chaplain, with such staff officers as are provided for by the laws of the United States; for each company one captain, one first lieutenant, and one second lieutenant. Each of said regiments to consist of ten companies and of 780 officers and men.

SEC.2. In order to raise such regiments, the Governor is authorized and directed to establish such recruiting stations, and appoint such recruiting officers as he shall think fit for the recruiting of able-bodied volunteers for said regiments; and in case the two regiments to be

