
from the time of their enlistment until they shall be ordered into actual service the same pay provided for like officers, musicians, and privates in the Army of the United States, and $7 per month each additional thereto; and after they shall be mustered into the service of the United States they shall receive, in addition to the compensation paid by the United States, the sum of $7 per month each.

SEC.11. The $7 per month pay provided for non-commissioned officers, musicians, and privates by this act shall not be paid at the expiration of each month, but shall remain in the treasury of the State. The amount there accumulated to the credit of any soldier shall be used and appropriated by the treasurer to pay such orders as may be drawn on him, under authority of law, for the support and maintenance of the family of such soldier. But if the pay so accumulated to the credit of any soldier shall not be drawn from the treasury on such orders, it shall be paid to such soldier or his legal representatives at the expiration of his term of service.

SEC.12. The Governor is hereby authorized and directed to procure immediately a sufficient quantity of arms and equipments for the six regiments herein provided for.

SEC.13. When it shall be necessary to draft men in pursuance of any of the provisions of this act, it shall be done in the manner provided by the fourth section of an act entitled "An act relating to the militia, approved October 30, 1844."

SEC.14. Whenever any company of the uniformed militia of this State shall be ordered into service by the Governor agreeably to the provisions of this act, the officers and men comprising such company or companies shall be subject to the same regulations and entitled to the same pay as the officers and men comprising companies organized under the provisions of this act.

SEC.15. The listers of any town neglecting to make the returns required by this act shall forfeit and pay to the State treasurer for the benefit of the State the sum of $50, and it is hereby made the duty of the auditor of accounts to prosecute the same to effect; and it shall be the duty of the adjutant and inspector- general to forward suitable blanks to the town clerks of the several towns in this State for the listers to fill, to carry out the provisions hereinbefore enacted.

SEC.17. This act shall in no manner interfere with the present organization of the uniformed militia.

SEC.17. This act shall take effect from its passage.

Approved April 26, 1861.

PHILADELPHIA, May 14, 1861.

Hon. S. CAMERON:

MY DEAR SIR: I am earnestly devoting my energies to saving money for the Government, and you may depend upon it that there is occasion for it.

Owing to the sickness of Mr. Thomson and the absence of Captain Loper [at Washington], I could not till to-day obtain a list of the vessels chartered by them, and it may now be incomplete. In it I find nine charters "by the day," and fifteen "by the month or as long as wanted," beginning from April 20 to May 7. Of these chartered by the day I have already got rid of all but two, besides having ordered some of the others to return here before I could get the information as to the terms of the contract. I will see that all of them are discharged before their

