
to listen to Mr. Devin, although I know how much you are pressed for time. I feel the importance of the subject so much that were it not for other matters, about which you know, I would accompany him to Washington.

The Ohio troops now here have been on our streets as beggars for food, and unless there is some more regard for our patriotic soldiers I fear our great movement will be demoralized.

Yours, very respectfully,

JOHN TUCKER.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 14, 1861.

Major General JOHN E. WOOL,

Troy, N. Y.:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a letter from Governor Kirkwood, of Iowa, referred to this Department by you.*

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 14, 1861.

Governor WILLIAM A. BUCKINGHAM,

Hartford:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your two letters of the 11th instant, and in reply beg leave to inform you that one regiment is fixed as the quota from Connecticut under the call of the President for troops for three years' service, or during the war. The Adjutant-General will immediately give directions for mustering into service your regiment.

I am happy to inform you of the safe arrival of the troops from your State under the first call of the President, and I beg to thank you for the very cordial and efficient co-operation of your State in the efforts of this Government to sustain its authority.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., May 14, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

By telegraph April 20 and written dispatch April 23, I tendered you six additional regiments, stating that I should put them in camp subject to the Government order, at least for a time. By written dispatch of April 26 you say that if the six regiments put into camp by me should be disposed to volunteer for three years they would be accepted. By written dispatch of May 3 you say it is contemplated to make another requisition for troops to serve during the war. By two different telegraphs received May 3 you say as soon as determined how many regiments will be received from this State, which will be in a day or two, I should be informed. By telegraph of May 7 you say the

---------------

*See Kirkwood to Wool, May 6, p.163.

---------------

