
Adjutant-General will give full instructions in a day or two, and that probably two regiments would be called from this State. We have received no information from Adjutant-General or any other source, although I have telegraphed frequently asking answer.

The men are on hand in camp at heavy expense to the State, and it is due to them and the State that an answer be promptly given.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 14, 1861.

Governor ISRAEL WASHBURN,

Augusta:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 4th instant, tendering the services of a battalion of flying artillery. I regret to say that it is deemed inexpedient by the General-in-Chief to accept such a volunteer corps, nor is it deemed advisable at this time to put a force in Fort Knox.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

BALTIMORE, May 14, 1861.

General LORENZO THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to report to you, in obedience to orders from His Excellency Thomas H. Hicks, Governor of Maryland, that I have issued orders to the colonels commanding two regiments of my brigade, Maryland militia, to call out volunteering for their respective commands, for service in the Army of the United States, in pursuance of the requisition of the President of the United States of date the 15th ultimo.

The colonels commanding the two regiments of Maryland militia [to complete the quota from this State] have been ordered by His Excellency Governor Hicks to report to me for orders; and, awaiting your orders, I have the honor to be, with great respect, your most obedient servant,

JOHN R. KENLY,

Brigadier-General, Maryland Militia.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS MARYLAND MILITIA, Numbers 2. Frederick, May 14, 1861.

1. Brigadier General John R. Kenly, of the Third Brigade, Maryland Militia, is assigned to the command of the four regiments Maryland militia called out in pursuance of the proclamation of the President of the United States dated at Washington the 15th day of April, 1861.

2. The commanding officers of the regiments designated for the service of the United States by general orders from these headquarters of this date will report to General Kenly for orders and instructions.

THO. H. HICKS,

Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the Maryland Militia.

