
HARRISBURG, PA., May 14, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Have received answer from General Keim that of his division of six regiments that most, if not all, would go for three years; also from seventh regiment, accepting. No regiment as yet mustered in for three years; no officer here to attend to it. But one regiment entirely equipped, but are equipping one regiment per day. Some five or six regiments not mustered into service would go for three years. Will answer more fully by mail this evening on receipt of necessary information.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 14, 1861.

ANDREW G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania:

DEAR SIR: Inclosed herewith you will find the plan for the organization of the volunteers for three years' service.* Ten regiments are assigned to Pennsylvania, making, in addition to the thirteen regiments of three-months' militia already called for, twenty-three regiments.

It is important to reduce rather than enlarge, and in no event to exceed it. Let me earnestly recommend to you, therefore, to call for no more than twenty-three regiments, of which ten only are to serve for three years, or during the war, and, if more are already called for, to reduce the number by discharge.

In making up the quota of three-years' men you will please act in concert with Lieutenant Colonel Andrew Porter, who will represent this Department, and, so far as possible, make it up by taking in preference regiments already offered for three months, having of course due regard to a fair distribution of the forces among the different sections of the State.

If it should be agreeable to Your Excellency it would be especially gratifying to this Department to have some of those regiments offered for three-years' service from Allegheny and other western counties, including the Wildcat District, brought into service under the quota for your State.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 14, 1861.

Governor A. G. CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

A report just received from General Patterson+ renders it necessary to countermand the dispatch sent to you this morning. Do not act until a special messenger, who will be sent by the train of cars this afternoon, will reach Harrisburg and confer with you.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

*See General Orders, Numbers 15, p. 151.

+See Series I, Vol. II, p. 636.

---------------

