
must be lost to the public, besides producing, it is to be feared, a most unfavorable influence is repressing the patriotic zeal of the State. I am persuaded if the above telegram was dictated by you it was done without recurring to the terms of the agreement entered into with this State, copies of which are, as above, hereto annexed, and the originals of which are on file in your office, and do not doubt that upon and examination of the case the General Government will execute in good faith its agreement with this State.

I beg further to suggest that although the voluntary exertions of unofficial persons and bodies may evince commendable patriotism, yet their intervention between constituted authorities leads to irregularity, uncertainty, and inextricable confusion. The interference of private sand unofficial persons, claiming to act under some kind of order from the General Government, with the movement of troops of this State has already been productive of mischief, and the offer by like persons of troops from this State to the General Government has, I presume, been the source of misunderstanding. This State will insist upon the regiments raised by its legally constituted authorities being received by the General Government, without regard to any you may receive tendered by individuals claiming to come from this State, some of whose offers are reported to have been accepted by the United States; and I beg that any orders requisite as to troops here not mustered into the service of the United States may be addressed and transmitted directly to the undersigned, commander-in-chief of the militia of this State.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

E. D. MORGAN.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 15, 1861.

Honorable HAMILTON FISH,

Chairman, &amp;c.:

DEAR SIR: The Governor of New York has been requested to send immediately to this city five regiments and to Fort Monroe nine regiments of troops, to serve during the war. Should the Governor decline to do so, you are hereby authorized to do it. These troops are to be made up of the fourteen regiments now in New York City, which are to be designated by the Union Defense Committee of said city.

Yours, respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 15, 1861.

ABRAHAM VAN VECHTEN, Esq.,

Albany, N. Y.:

That there may be no further misunderstanding on the subject, the Secretary directs me to inform you that this Department can accept only eleven regiments to serve for two or three years, or during the war, making twenty-eight regiments from New York in all; that is to say, seventeen for three months and eleven for the war.

J. P. SANDERSON,

Chief Clerk.

