
The assurance of those who composed the meeting that the people of the States whom they represented are prepared to sustain the President and his Administration in every effort which may be made to suppress the present rebellion is gratifying to the President and those connected with him in the administration of the Government, and Honorable to the people of the States those high functionaries represented at the meeting.

Concurring fully with you and your associates as to the necessity of giving attention to the country immediately contiguous to the line between the free and slave States, I beg leave to assure you that all the steps deemed necessary to be taken have already or are now being taken. Before this letter reaches you you will have received a dispatch from this Department informing you of the number of regiments desired from your State to serve during the war, which will be mustered into the service as son as practicable, and ordered to be marched into the field where they may be most needed.

I learn from your communication that in Wisconsin there is a need for arms now. These, I beg to assure you, will be furnished immediately to all your regiments on being mustered into service. Difficulties like those you mention to have occurred under the first call of the President, in regard to the arms for Wisconsin, are naturally incident to an occasion likt that it will not happen again. I regret that the people of your State should for a moment doubt the disposition of the Government to do full justice to them, and to give them as large a quota of troops to be furnished for the war as can consistently be given to her, and I trust the requisition now made will be entirely satisfactory to them.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

ALBANY, N. Y., May 16, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

I have this day ordered five of the new regiments to report to Major-General Dix without delay. They will be equipped and ready to march on Saturday.

E. D. MORGAN.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, May 16, 1861.

His Excellency Governor MORGAN,Albany, N. Y.:

SIR: The President is afraid that the fourteen regiments he agreed to accept from the New York Committee of Safety yesterday, for three years, may be deducted from the long-term volunteers he had before accepted from Your Excellency, and I write, by his desire, to say that the former are not to be deducted, but added to the latter. Five of the fourteen regiments are wanted here at once, and the other nine at Fort Monroe as soon as practicable. Please hold the other long term volunteers, which have not advanced, ready to proceed to the points which I shall designate to-morrow.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

