
[Indorsement.]

MAY 17, 1861.

The accompanying paper will speak for itself. It was sent to be shown to the Secretary of War, but, failing to find him, the telegram was dispatched to Governor Morgan, as time pressed.

It will be seen that I said to His Excellency that I would to-day indicate the disposition the War Department wished him to make of the remaining long-term New York Volunteers, some thirty-odd regiments; I know not precisely how many. As I am not able to see the Secretary, I beg to suggest that he will request the Governor or authorize me to request as follows:

First. That five of those remaining regiments be sent here as soon as armed, equipped, &amp;c.

Second. That the remainder of the New York quota, say all west and north of Albany, be collected in healthy camps of instruction, near wood, water, and abundant supplies of food and straw, and convenient to railroads or navigable waters; no camp to exceed four regiments, or a brigadier's command.

My meaning is that we should first make ourselves, particularly the Government, safe in this capital; then send the next seven or eight regiments to occupy and intrench themselves on Arlington Heights; then the next surplus force in an expedition against Harper's Ferry, &c. In the meantime nine or ten regiments, over and above the garrison at Fort Monroe, will have arrived there for aggressive purposes. Who shall command that fort and direct the operations alluded to?

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 17, 1861.

Governor S. J. KIRKWOOD,

Davenport:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 6th instant,* and beg leave to inform you that the same has been referred to the Chief of Ordnance for his consideration and action.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS KENTUCKY VOLUNTEERS, Camp Clay, May 17, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

The two Kentucky regiments are organized and in camps. Majors Burbank and Oakes have in my presence mustered them in for three months. They were accepted for the war. Please send orders for mustering in, as they were accepted. Equipments are here and on the way from New York.

Respectfully,

GUTHRIE AND TERRELL,

Colonels, Commanding.

---------------

*See Kirkwood to Wool, p. 163.

---------------

14 R R-SERIES III, VOL I

