
States. The sympathy so universally felt for deserters among those of their own class, and which now not only facilitates their escape, but encourages to it, would be more effectually, by such a measure than, perhaps, by any other which could possibly be devised.

As conducting to the same end, I would also recommend the establishment of an Army savings institution, as well as some law for the punishment of the imposition practiced upon recruiting officers by monitors, who, representing themselves as of full age, succeed in getting themselves enlisted on this pretense; and after having been fed and clothed and transported at a heavy expense by the Government to their regiments, are discharged, just as their services are beginning to be of some use, under the operation of the act approved September 28, 1865, section 5.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, Troy, December 29, 1860.

Honorable JOHN B. FLOYD,Secretary of War:

SIR: Seeing it stated in the newspapers of the day that I had written a letter to the effect that on the 9th of this month Secretary Floyd ordered 10,000 muskets at the Watervliet Arsenal, in Troy, to be sold to G. B. Lamar, I deem it proper, in regard to myself, to say that I have written no such letter, and the only letter that I have written on the subject was written in reply to certain queries on an editor, as follows, viz:

TROY, December 27, 1860.

DEAR SIRS: The Evening Post, in relation to the rumor that 500 cases of muskets had been removed form the arsenal of Watervliet to New York and put on board of the steamer Florida for Savannah, asks, "Where is General Wool?" I answer that he is at his headquarters, and attending to the duties assigned to his position. He, however, has no control over the arsenal of Watervliet, which is reserved under the direction of the Secretary of War.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOLL.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN E. WOOL.

WASHINGTON, December 31,1 860.

Honorable JOSEPH HOLT:

By virtue of the act of Congress approved February 13, 1795, entitled "An act to amend the act entitled "An act making alternations in the Treasury and War Departments," I hereby authorize Joseph Holt, Postmaster-General, to perform the duties of the office of the Secretary of War, now vacant by the resignation of John B. Floyd, until a successor shall be appointed and the vacancy filled.

JAMES BUCHANAN.

WASHINGTON, December 31, 1860.

Honorable JOSEPH HOLT,

Acting Secretary of War:

SIR: The House of Representatives has just passed a resolution instructing the Committee on Military Affairs to inquire into the sale

