
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 17, 1861.

His Excellency THOMAS H. HICKS,

Governor of Maryland:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communications of the 13th and 14th instant, informing this Department that-

In pursuance of the requisition of the President of the United States of the 15th day of April, I (you) have issued orders to Brigadier General John R. Kenly, of the Third Brigade, Maryland Militia (Baltimore), to take command of the four regiments of Maryland militia which I (you) have ordered to be called out to the mustered into the service of the United States.

It becomes my duty to inform you in reply that the United States Government has now no occasion for the services of the four regiments of militia for three months' service called for by the proclamation of the President of the 15th of April last, and does not desire said regiments to be mustered into service now. It is proper that I should add, for your information, that the President has commissioned the Honorable James Cooper, of Frederick, to accept the services of volunteers to serve for three years, or during the war, to make up the quota assigned to Maryland under his second proclamation, and that in pursuance of said commission he has already accepted a sufficient number of companies to fill that quota, and reported to this Department their readiness to be mustered into the service.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 17, 1861.

Governor SAUNDERS,

Omaha, Nebr.:

None of the Territories have been called upon to furnish troops for three months. I telegraphed you yesterday that Nebraska was called upon now to furnish a regiment for three years.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 17, 1861.

The GOVERNOR OF NEW MEXICO:

SIR: I have the honor to forward you, inclosed herewith, the plan of the organization of the volunteers for three years, or during the war.* Two regiments are assigned to your Territory. In making up this quota of three-years' men you will please act in concert with the mustering officers sent to your Territory, who will represent this Department.

Honorable F. P. Stanton has been specially delegated to proceed to Kansas and New Mexico to give attention to the interests of those affected by the present condition of affairs and the consequent movement of troops, with whom you will please to confer on the subject. The troops called into service from your Territory are intended for its protection, both against hostile Indians and domestic foes. They will be posted by order of the proper commanding officer with a view to these objects.

---------------

*See General Orders, Numbers 15, p. 151.

---------------

