
The regular troops now in service will be mostly withdrawn from your Territory, and it is intended that the troops raised by you shall take their place.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 17, 1861.

Governor E. D. MORGAN:

You will order the troops rendezvoused at Elmira, when ready to come on to Washington, to come by way of Williamsport, Harrisburg, and York.

SIMON CAMERON.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 17, 1861.

Governor EDWIN D. MORGAN,

Albany:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your two letters of the 13th instant, the one informing this Department that you should forward five regiments during the present week, and the other inquiring whether, in case the authorities of your State discharged companies which had been accepted by you and they are subsequently accepted by this Department, they may become a part of the number of regiments which it has been agreed to receive from New York. The misunderstanding which has arisen about the acceptance of volunteers from New York, and which will be made the subject of reply to a letter just received from you by the hands of a special messenger, has caused this inquiry from you, and I will answer fully at my earliest convenience.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

ALBANY, May 17, 1861.

General WINFIELD SCOTT:

Your telegram 16th instant is received. I dispatched Judge- Advocate-General Anthon with a letter to the Secretary of War, which is intended to explain the position of our military engagement with the General Government. I earnestly desire that you should see it. Twenty-five regiments have been organized for two years. The remaining companies for thirteen regiments are enrolled for the same period, and the regimental organization for such thirteen will be completed probably in one week, as directed. Five of the above will be sent to Washington and nine to Fort Monroe. The remaining regiments will be subject to your orders. Major General John A. Dix will control the force at New York. He will command the First Division, consisting of two brigades-nine regiments. Major General James S. Wadsworth will have charge of the Second Division, of two brigades-eight regiments. The remaining twenty-one regiments will be divided and officered in the same manner.

E. D. MORGAN.

