
COLUMBUS, OHIO, May 17, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

We have forty organized companies not attached to any regiments. I see you have accepted additional regiments from New York, making forty-two in all from that State. In this you have done right. I ask immediate authority to add our forty companies for three years to the Ohio contingent.

The condition of Western Virginia, the uncertainty of Kentucky, make this increase every way important.

This will give Ohio twenty-six in all.

W. DENNISON,

Governor of Ohio.
HEADQUARTERS, &amp;C., Department of the Interior, Washington, May 17, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,Secretary of War, &c.:

MY DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of the 15th in answer to mine of the 13th. Your views as to the three-months' enlisted troops are undoubtedly correct. I am in hopes with the permission of the Department that those from Rhode Island will continue through the war. I am highly gratified in having your favorable consideration to my proposition, and see that the action of the President and his legal advisers will prevent its consummation at this time. Your kind remarks as to a desire for my services as proposed is highly appreciated, but for reasons contained in my note, as well as for other considerations, I am led to believe I can be of more service to the cause in my present position than in that you honor me by offering. I am, however, at your disposal, and beg to be used in any manner so as to be made, in however slight a degree, serviceable.

With high regards, I am, your obedient servant,

WM. SPRAGUE.

SAINT JOHNSBURY, May 17, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

I shall respond without delay to your requisition for another regiment. Volunteers for three years are already enlisted, awaiting equipments and arms.

ERASTUS FAIRBANKS.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 17, 1861.

Governor ALEXANDER W. RANDALL,

Madison, Wis.:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 11th instant, informing this Department that your State is anxious to furnish at least five regiments. Anxious as your people are to furnish the volunteers, they are no more so than I am to gratify their wishes; but this I cannot do, but have done the best I could by giving you three regiments-one for three months and two for three years.

Truly, yours,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

