
with one for three years. I have therefore acted in accordance with the above understanding, and the third regiment for three months embarked to-day on board the Cahawba steamer. The fourth regiment, or the first for three years, is now rendezvoused in this city and ready to be mustered into service, and I trust Your Excellency will direct Colonel Loomis to perform this service.

The regiment of riflemen is also rendezvoused, and we are now drilling the men by companies, and do not propose to have it mustered into service for fifty or sixty days. I need not say that if, in my desire to render essential service, I have been the means of embarrassing the Government, it will cause me deep regret. My desire is to have this State co-operate with your Department in the most thorough and efficient manner. With this brief statement I beg Your Excellency to confirm the views herein expressed, with the assurance that no State, large or small, shall send you better troops or stand by you in all your embarrassments and perplexities more firmly than this Commonwealth.

I am, sir, yours, with high consideration,

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., May 18, 1861.

Colonel JOHN A. McCLERNAND:

The six additional regiments for three years, or the war, called for from Illinois, are ready. It is important they should be received immediately, as they are in camp at expense of State.

These six and also four other regiments were raised by the State for thirty days, pledged to enter service when called for, and all of them want to go. Urge that instructions be sent immediately to muster as many of these regiments as you can into service. It will save thousands daily.

RICHD. YATES,

Governor of Illinois.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Trenton, N. J., May 18, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of the 16th instant, inclosing plan of organization of the volunteers for three years, or during the war, and assigning three regiments to this State.

The three regiments are now ready, and only await orders to the mustering officer, Major Laidley, who is now here awaiting orders, to be mustered into the service. I have not called out more than the three regiments, because I have not been authorized to do so by you; but if the occasion required their services this State would willingly furnish twice as many regiments to serve during the war.

I have consulted the mustering officer, Major Laidley, and it is our intention to encamp these regiments at Trenton as soon as they are mustered in, and I shall then proceed at once to furnish them with clothing, camp and garrison equipage, pursuant to my contract recently entered into with the Q Quartermaster-General of the United States. Permit me to hope that the mustering officer will receive immediate orders to muster them into service, that they may at once be drilled daily and systematically.

