
It is my intention to officer these regiments with skillful and competent officers. The colonels will probably all be retired officers of the Regular Army, and I believe I shall be able to find experienced gentlemen for all the field appointments.

It is my desire and shall be my care to make these regiments fit to take and keep the field against any enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHS. S. OLDEN.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 18, 1861.

His Excellency EDWIN D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York:

SIR: The President has instructed me to say that the order for the fourteen regiments from the State of New York, made the 15th day of May, A. D. 1861, included the brigade of five regiments commanded by General D. E. Sickles.

Yours, truly,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to Honorable Hamilton Fish, chairman Union Defense Committee, New York.)

UNION DEFENSE COMMITTEE OF CITIZENS OF NEW YORK, Office Numbers 30 Pine Street, New York, May 18, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: We learn from a telegram received from you that Mr. Sickles has represented to your Department, or it has been represented in his behalf, that there are in this city five regiments attached to his brigade, and we are requested, or it is expected, that the said regiments will make a part of the fourteen regiments ordered by the President through this committee to be sent to Washington and Fort Monroe. There is no such brigade as the one referred to in this city known to General Sandford, General Dix, or General Ewen, nor to this committee. Probably the action of the Department is base upon the expectation of game future organization of a brigade, but of its actual existence now no information is possessed by this committee.

Your obedient servant,

S. DRAPER,

Chairman Executive Committee.

NEW YORK, May 18, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON:

In your orders to Governor Morgan have you not forgotten to add the concluding words of your order to our committee, viz: "Tselected by the Union Defense Committee of New York"? We are carrying out your order to us strictly and rapidly. We ask the above question because we hear that the Governor is going to send five regiments to Washington and nine to Fort Monroe.

S. DRAPER,

Chairman.

