
COLUMBUS, OHIO, May 19, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON:

Your letter of the 16th received to-day, advising that only nine regiments will be received for three-years' service from Ohio, confounds me, and unless promptly revoked and all of the twenty- two regiments be received for that full term, will be fatally destructive. Messrs. Swayne and Wolcott leave immediately for Washington at my special request to remonstrate against any reduction.

W. DENNISON,

Governor of Ohio.

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, May 20, 1861.

In reference to the national reputation of Miss Dix as connected with objects of philanthropy and usefulness, she is authorized to exercise a general supervision of the assignment of nurses to the hospitals, general and regimental, occupied by the troops at Washington and its vicinity, subject to the advisement and control of the Surgeon-General's Office in matters of detail, numbers, &amp;c., and excepting such hospitals as already have a permanent organization of nurses. This is respectfully recommended to all commanding officers and enjoined on all medical officers of the regular and volunteer forces to aid her in her benevolent views.

R. C. WOOD,

Acting Surgeon-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 20, 1861.

Governor YATES, Springfield, Ill.:

The Adjutant-General has given instructions to the U. S. mustering officer to muster the three-years' men of the Illinois quota.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 20, 1861.

Major General JOHN M. THAYER,

Omaha, Nebr. Ter.:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 1st instant, with accompanying enclosures, addressed to His Excellency the President, and by him referred to this Department. The subject more particularly alluded to in your letter has engaged the attention of this Department, and such measures have been or will be taken as are commensurate with its acknowledged importance.

Respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 20, 1861.

SIMEON DRAPER, Esq., New York:

The concluding words of my order to your committee were not intended to confer authority to send on troops independent of Governor Morgan,

