
should all be taken care of by the United States. I therefore append a list* of all, noting those that were mustered in by my direction and those claimed to be admitted by the order to Major- General Patterson.

It is almost impossible to say how "many regiments are organized in Pennsylvania that have not been mustered into the service of the General Government that would be willing to serve three years." I know of eight or ten regiments so organized and about 300 companies pressing upon me for admission, all apparently eager and willing to serve for any period you may see fit to indicate. I feel quite safe in saying that in one week Pennsylvania could furnish twenty additional regiments and throw them into camp ready to be mustered into the service of the United States.

I have been thus explicit in relation to this subject because I regard this question as one of vital importance to the service, and upon the decision of which by the War Department much of its efficiency will depend.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. CURTIN.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Saint Johnsbury, Vt., May 20, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have applications in two or three instances for permission to organize cavalry companies to be offered for the U. S. service. The present militia laws of this State make no provisions for cavalry, and the object of this note is to inquire whether if one or more companies of cavalry should voluntarily organize and offer their services they will be accepted by the Government, it being understood that they will enlist for three years or during the war, their arms being furnished them by Government.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ERASTUS FAIRBANKS.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 21, 1861.

Governor RICHARD YATES,

Springfield:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt [of your letter] of the 8th [9th] instant, and in reply regret to say that it is impossible to accept any more troops from Chicago, however strongly disposed to do so.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., May 21, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Shall be in Washington Thursday night, with offer of our six regiments of three-months' soldiers for the whole war. I pray you accept them.

SCHUYLER COLFAX.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

