
MAY 21, 1861.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

The undersigned colonels, commanding the six regiments composing the First Brigade of Indiana Volunteers, now in the service for three months from the 27th day of April, 1861, tender the services of the brigade for three years, unless sooner discharged. We would ask leave to recruit vacancies caused by the prolongation of the term of service.

E. DUMONT,

Colonel Seventh Regiment.

LEW. WALLACE,

Colonel Eleventh Regiment.

WM. P. BENTON,

Colonel Eighth Regiment.

R. H. MILROY,

Colonel Ninth Regiment.

T. T. CRITTENDEN,

Colonel Sixth Regiment.

M. D. MANSON,

Colonel Tenth Regiment.

[Indorsement.]

MAY 24, 1861.

If the Secretary of War can accept the regiments named within I shall be greatly gratified.

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 21, 1861.

Honorable SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD, Iowa:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of two letters from you dated on the 10th instant, in regard to furnishing arms, and suggesting that there is a large quantity of arms and ammunition at Fort Kearny. The Department is not advised of any surplus arms and ammunition at Fort Kearny. If there are any such, the commanding officer's duty would be to send them to an arsenal. Government arms and ammunition can be supplied only to troops mustered into service.

Very respectfully, yours,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Des Moines, Iowa, May 21, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

DEAR SIR: Your telegraphic dispatch of May 15, informing me that two more regiments of volunteers were required of this State, reached me on the 17th instant. I immediately ordered the ten companies selected as the Second Regiment to rendezvous at Keokuk by the 25th instant, there to be mustered into the service of the United States. I have also selected the companies to form the Third Regiment, and have sent orders to them to rendezvous at the same place by the 3rd of June proximo at furthest. I hope both regiments will be promptly at Keokuk by the time named.

