
The want of telegraphs and railroads in the interior of our State causes delay in the transmission of orders and the movement of troops, or these regiments would be at the place of rendezvous much sooner. I received May 18 Orders, Numbers 15, giving plan of organizing these regiments, but have not received the official requisition for them. I have taken measures to furnish these regiments with tents and uniforms as speedily as possible. I regret that I could not learn from your office whether itble for me to furnish these things. Had such information been given me in reply to my dispatch of May 6, I could have had tents and uniforms ready for the Second Regiment on its arrival at Keokuk. As it is, they will be there as soon as they can possibly be procured.

Should it be desirable to designate outside the Regular Army an officer of rank higher than colonel to command the Iowa regiments, I respectfully suggest that the appointment of Honorable S. R. Curtis, of this State, to that position would in my judgment be a good one, and very satisfactory to the troops and the people of this State.

Very respectfully,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 21, 1861.

Governor CHARLES ROBINSON,

Topeka, Kans.:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to forward you, inclosed herewith, the plan of the organization of the volunteers of three years, or during the war.* One regiment is assigned to your State. In making up this quota of three-years' men you will please act in concert with the mustering officers sent to your Territory [State], who will represent this Department. Honorable F. P. Stanton has been specially delegated to proceed to Kansas and New Mexico, to give attention to the interests of those affected by the present condition of affairs and the consequent movement of troops, with whom you will please confer on the subject. The troops called into service from your State are intended for its protection both against hostile Indians and domestic foes. They will be posted, by order of the proper commanding officer, with a view to these objects. The regular troops now in service will be mostly withdrawn from your State, and it is intended that the troops raised by you shall take their place.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

AUGUSTA, May 21, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: One regiment of Maine Volunteers was mustered into the service of the United States in April by Captain Gardiner, U. S. Army, and is now at Portland. This is the First Regiment. Another regiment, the Second, was forwarded on Tuesday, the 14th instant, from Bangor, upon the authority of a letter and telegrams from Senator Morrill, saying that it was the request of the Department. This regiment is, I

---------------

*See General Orders, Numbers 15, p. 151.

---------------

