
learn, now at Willets Point, N. Y., where it has been detained by the breaking out, since the regiment left, of the measles. These regiments are well uniformed and equipped, and provided with tents, camp equipage, &amp;c., and are composed of hardy and vigorous men, who will make admirable soldiers. They are already enlisted for and bound to serve two years, and are officered as directed in the President's requisition of April last. There is another regiment ready to be tendered, well uniformed, equipped, and otherwise provided for, to make up Maine's quota under General Orders, Numbers 15, May 4, 1861. This regiment is now at Rockland, and if rendezvoused there could be forwarded to Boston direct by steam-boat. I will be very much obliged to you if you will advise me what officer of the U. S. Army will be detailed to muster this regiment into the service of the United States and of the time when it may be mustered. This regiment is enlisted for three years.

In addition to the above there are in this State a sufficient number of companies organized for three more regiments for three years' service, or during the war, which I have supposed it would be well, in whole or in part, to put into camp at some convenient and healthy place within the State for drill and instruction, to the end that if there shall be occasion for more troops from Maine hereafter they will be ready to march at a moment's notice and be well instructed and disciplined troops. Your letter of the 16th was received yesterday.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

ISRAEL WASHBURN, Jr.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 21, 1861.

JOHN ROBERTSON,

Adjutant-General, Detroit, Mich.:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of the 11th instant, informing me that the Governor of Michigan desires that the four regiments referred to in your letter "may be accepted as a brigade and move together, if the interests of the service will permit." However desirable and gratifying it would be to the regiments mustered into the U. S. service from Michigan to serve together as a brigade, the interest of the service will not permit it. I inclose you a copy of General Orders, Numbers 15, which will indicate the plan of organization adopted by this Department, and to which the regiments from all the States must conform.*

Respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 21, 1861.

GOVERNOR OF NEBRASKA:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to forward you, inclosed herewith, the plan of organization of the volunteers of three years or during the war.* One regiment is assigned to your State [Territory]. In making up this quota of three-years' men you will please act in concert with the mustering officers sent to your Territory, who will represent this Department. The troops from your Territory just called into service are intended to

---------------

*See p. 151.

---------------

