
take the place of the regulars withdrawn from the forts and posts in your Territory; in a word, they are not intended to be marched elsewhere, but assigned for the protection of your own people and interests against hostile Indians and foes.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 21, 1861.

Honorable CHARLES S. OLDEN,

Trenton, N. J.:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of the 18th, containing information that the three regiments from New Jersey are now ready. With many thanks for the prompt and satisfactory manner in which you have responded to the call of the President for the quota of troops assigned to New Jersey.

I remain, truly, yours,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Albany, N. Y., May 21, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The Department has already been informed of the appointment of two major-generals (Dix and Wadsworth) to command the seventeen regiments of New York Volunteers called out under the President's first proclamation. Many of the additional twenty-one regiments specially accepted from the State by you have been mustered into the service of the United States and the others will speedily follow. The question very naturally arises, What provision is to be made for officering the brigades and divisions to be composed of these twenty-one regiments? If the same organization as that of the first seventeen regiments be contemplated, then your authority for the appointment of two additional major-generals and four brigadiers, with their staff officers, and for their muster into the service of the United States, is respectfully requested. Two of the two-year's volunteer regiments will leave New York to-morrow.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. MORGAN.

NEW YORK, May 21, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

All right about brigade with Union Defense Committee and Governor. Please telegraph Hamilton Fish, chairman, 30 Pine street, that my brigade will go into encampment on Staten Island for the further order of the Department. Please do this immediately and send duplicate to me by telegraph.

D. E. SICKLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

