
EXECUTIVE MANSION, May 21, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

MY DEAR SIR: Why cannot Colonel Small's Philadelphia regiment be received? I sincerely wish it could. There is something strange about it. Give these gentlemen an interview, and take their regiment.

Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 21, 1861.

Captain JOHN S. WILLIAMS,

Washington City:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 14th instant, tendering the services of the "Defenders of Washington" as a home guard for the defense of the city.* As your company is composed exclusively of soldiers who served their country nobly and patriotically in the war of 1812, this tender has afforded the Department great pleasure, and it would gratify me very much to be able to accept it, but the Government has already mustered into its service so large a force from this District that I feel compelled, very reluctantly in your case, to decline accepting any more. Relying upon the well- tested patriotism and loyalty of the "Defenders of Washington," should any occasion arise hereafter rendering their services necessary.

I remain, very truly, yours,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

ATTORNEY-GENERAL'S OFFICE, May 22, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: A short time since, by request, I sent instructions to several district attorneys toward the North to co-operate with your special agents in making effectual your orders to take possession of the written messages in various telegraph offices. Several of the attorneys have made report to me of the seizure of the papers and other reports are expected daily.

Having no important matter to communicate, I only notify you of these facts and of my desire to co-operate with you in full.

Most respectfully,

EDW. BATES.

SURGEON-GENERAL'S OFFICE, May 22, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The sudden and large increase of the Army, more especially of the volunteer force, has called the attention of this office to the necessity

---------------

*This tender of service was accompanied by a list of members, consisting of Captain John S. Williams, First Lieutenant Edward Simms, Second Lieutenant Landon W. Worthington, Third Lieutenant Fielder R. Dorsett, and seventy-two others.

---------------

