
NEW YORK, May 22, 1861.

General SIMON CAMERON:

I have telegraphed to General Scott that my brigade awaits his orders. Shall address the General-in-Chief in due form to the same effect by mail this evening. This will, I hope, remove all difficulty and meet your approval.

D. E. SICKLES,

Acting Brigadier-General, City Hall.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 22, 1861.

His Excellency WILLIAM DENNISON,

Governor of Ohio, Columbus:

SIR: By the President's call for 75,000 militia for three months' service you are requested to furnish thirteen regiments, and by the call for additional troops for three years' service a demand was made upon you for eight other regiments, making a total of twenty-one regiments. I understand they have all been mustered into the service for three years, and I now desire to say to Your Excellency that they will all be received for that period.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 22, 1861.

Governor ANDREW G. CURTIN,

Harrisburg:

By reference to General Orders, Numbers 15, of the War Department, a printed copy of which I herewith forward you,* giving the plan of organization of the volunteer forces called into the service of the United States by the President, you will perceive that all regimental officers of these volunteers, from colonel down to second lieutenants, inclusive, are appointed by the Governors of States. Having thus confided to you the appointment of all these officers for the regiments furnished by your State, you will, I trust, excuse this Department for impressing upon you in advance the necessity of an absolute adherence in your appointments to the following suggestions, which are deemed of the highest importance by the General-in- Chief, under whose advice they are submitted to you:

First. To commission no one of doubtful morals or patriotism and not of sound health.

Second. To appoint no one to a lieutenancy, second or first, who has passed the age of twenty-two years, or to a captaincy over thirty years, and to appoint no field officer (major, lieutenant- colonel, colonel) unless a graduate of the U. S. Military Academy, or known to possess military knowledge and experience, who has passed the respective ages of thirty-five, forty, forty- five years. This Department feels assured that it will not be deemed offensive to Your Excellency to add yet this general counsel: that the higher the moral character and general intel-

---------------

*See p. 151.

---------------

