
WAR DEPARTMENT, May 23, 1861.

Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis:

The quota for Indiana of three-years' service is four regiments and no more. You have the selection of the regiments, and can select from among those mustered into service for three months, or from others offering to serve for three years. The whole matter is in your hands. The Department cannot accept beyond the quota assigned. This is in reply to your dispatch to Messrs. Dunn and Kilgore.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, May 23, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: As you have long since been informed, a regiment has been mustered in on the part of Minnesota for three years or the war. This regiment has in a manner been broken up under the requisition of your Department for a detail of six companies to relieve the regulars in the several posts on our Indian frontier. I trust, therefore, for many reasons that will speedily occur to you, that the State may be allowed to furnish a second regiment for three years or the war.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. RAMSEY,

Governor of Minnesota.

NEW YORK, May 23, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Governor Morgan considers the first ten regiments received as thirty-days' men, outside of the call for three-months' men. He considers himself entitled to send thirty-eight regiments additional. The Defense Committee has dispatched two regiments to Washington, two more to Old Point to-day. The other ten are full. The men are all enrolled and are to be inspected Saturday. They are selected from over thirty organizations, which enlisted when the authority for fourteen was given.

Sickles has no brigade. He has merely a regiment, which is not one of the fourteen. Bartlett's acceptance produces a bad effect. Governor Morgan will be here to-night. I will try to reduce the number of his regiments, but until I see him can give you no encouragement. I understand that a committee goes on to-night about Sickles and Bartlett.

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Colonel Twelfth Infantry, U. S. Army.

CIRCULAR.] WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 24, 1861.

As soon as the regiments of three-years' volunteers comprising the quotas called for from your respective States are organized and equipped I will ask that those not otherwise ordered be assembled at rendezvous to become camps of instruction. These Your Excellencies best can choose.

