
when honorably discharged, an allowance at the same rate from the place of his discharge to his place of enrollment, and, in addition thereto, the sum of $100.

* * * * *

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Albany, N. Y., May 25, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication to the Governor of this State of the 22nd instant, containing suggestions in regard to the provisions of General Orders, Numbers 15, from the War Department. By the Governor's directions I inform you that the thirty-eight regiments of volunteers have been organized and ordered to be mustered into the service of the United States.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. MEREDITH, READ, Jr.,

Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Albany, May 25, 1861.

Honorable ROBERT CAMPBELL,

Lieutenant-Governor:

DEAR SIR: It gives me pleasure to inclose to you a copy of a resolution of the Board of State Officers, passed at their meeting on the 24th instant, and beg to ask that you will consent to visit Washington and discharge the grave duties to which the resolution relates.

I am, very truly, yours,

E. D. MORGAN.

[Inclosure.]

At a meeting of the Board of State Officers named in act entitled "An act to authorize the embodying and equipment of a volunteer militia and to provide for the public defense," passed April 16, 1861, held at the executive chamber on the 24th day of May, 1861, it was--

Revolved, That a member of this Board to be designated by the Governor, be, and he hereby is, requested to proceed to Washington and present to the General Government the respectful claim of this Board to have the proportionate number of general offices appointed or elected by the State authorities of this State to the force organized by this Board, so that this State shall have her due position in rank with her sister States in the ratio of her troops inthe field as compared to theirs.

I certify the foregoing to be a true extract from the minutes of the Board.

J. H. LINSLY,

Secretary.

NEW YORK, May 26, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Will you please issue orders immediately to the mustering officer at Elmira to muster into the service of the United States four regiments

