
express to it the desire of the Department that these men should at once be sent forward, organized as regiments, whether they came up to the full number of regiments which the committee was authorized to furnish or not, yet the express statement of the committee that the ten regiments yet to be furnished would certainly be paraded on Saturday induced me to telegraph the Department the substance of the memorandum quoted above, and to await the result of the contemplated inspection.

The committee is aware of the result of the inspection. Ten regiments did not make their appearance, and the total number of men did not probably exceed 4,500. Of these, it is my opinion, from the cursory examination I was able to make, that at least one-eighth ought to be rejected on account of physical disability, youth, disease, &amp;c., and that therefore there were not present at this inspection more than enough men ot make four regiments organized according to the orders of the Department. As it is to be presumed that the officers presenting the regiments had full notice of the time and object of the inspection, I can only conclude that the ten regiments cannot be furnished by the committee in the time contemplated by the Department.

I therefore respectfully recommend to the committee that four regiments be formed by it instead of the ten heretofore contemplated, and that these four be organized in all respects according to the plan of organization given in War Department General Orders, Numbers 15, dated May 4, 1861. I believe that these four will absorb all of the good officers and men who paraded on Saturday, and I think that the muster of the men whom I have stated above ought to be rejected will demoralize the regiments, and will do no credit to the committee, the city, or the State.

The War Department will, I am sure, be relieved if the committee organize four instead of ten regiments, for the number of regiments called from New York largely exceeds its share, not counting those to be furnished by the committee. I give these suggestions with diffidence, knowing as I do the energetic manner in which the committee has pushed the work it has undertaken; but I am sure that what I have written expresses the wishes of the Department, and I have considered it my duty to bring the matter to the attention of the committee at length.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. FRANKLIN,

Colonel Twelfth Infantry, U. S. Army.

NEW YORK, May 27, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: Although the number of regiments to be taken from this State is probably diminished six by the joint action of the Governor of the State, the Union Defense Committee, and myself, under the orders of the Department, there is neverthelon and clashing caused by the adverse opinions and interests of those engaged in raising and equipping these regiments. I believe that the knot will be cut at once if an officer of high rank be ordered here to take charge of this whole business. He may be either regular or volunteer, provided he have experience and power enough be given him to stop all unauthorized organizations, and that he be informed of all orders given by the

