
COMMISSARY-GENERAL'S OFFICE, New York, May 27, 1861.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

SIR: By request of His Excellency Governor E. D. Morgan, I make the following report for the information of the War Department:

His Excellency has conversed fully with Colonel Franklin, Twelfth U. S. Infantry, who was authorized by the Secretary of War to see him and the Union Defense Committee on the subject of the troops to be furnished by this State to the General Government. Of the fourteen regiments which the Union Defense Committee agreed to send to Washington two have gone. The Governor has authorized the committee to raise four other regiments, to be organized in conformity with the provisions of Army Order Numbers 15, of May 4, which will be commissioned by him and sent to Washington as soon as they are mustered into the service of the United States. The Governor has also given permission to the committee to send to Washington the Ninth and Seventy-ninth Regiments of the regular New York State Militia, provided those regiments will agree to serve three years unless sooner discharged. It is probable that the eight regiments enumerated above are all that will be sent by the Union Defense Committee. Five regiments of Major-General Dix's division have been sent to Fort Monroe and Washington. Of the remaining four regiments of the First Division, three are under orders for Fort Monroe and one for Washington. Of the Second Division, the regiments of Colonels Taylor and McChesney will be sent to Fort Monroe, and Colonel Wilson's to Washington City. It may be necessary to send forward two regiments to Washington without arms or equipments, which it is understood can be furnished there. If not, please notify me here. Colonels Walrath and Quinby, with their regiments, have been ordered to proceed to Washington to-day from Elmira via Harrisburg and Baltimore. The utmost dispatch will be employed in sending forward the above-named regiments, and no delay is anticipated except what may arise from the want of an immediate supply of arms and equipments for such as may be ordered to Fort Monroe. The balance of the troops required from this State will be placed in camps of instructions unless otherwise directed.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

E. D. KEYES,

U. S. Army, Acting Aide-de-Camp to Governor Morgan.

ALBANY, N. Y., May 27, 1861.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN:

Colonels Carr, Duryee, Bendix, and Allen (four regiments) were last week sent to Fort Monroe and four to Washington, besides six to be sent by the Union Committee. These are to make good what you expected from the Union Committee and the six ordered by the General-in-Chief, on the 19th instant, to be sent by the Governor to Washington.

E. D. MORGAN.

ALBANY, N. Y., May 27, 1861.

General CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

I am just informed that U. S. officer at Elmira has mustered several of the thirty-eight regiments for but three-months' service. Will you

