
WAR DEPARTMENT, May 28, 1861.

Governor EDWIN D. MORGAN, Albany, N. Y.:

If they will be mustered into service for three years, or during the war, the mustering officer may so muster them, but not for two years.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Albany, May 28, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In compliance with the authority conferred upon me by the requisition from your Department under date of the 15th ultimo, I appointed John A. Dix, of the city of New York, a major-general on the 8th instant, and advised the Secretary of State of that fact on the 11th instant, and on the 16th I appointed James S. Wadsworth, of Livingston County, to the other major-generalship, and immediately advised the Secretary of State of such selection, to take command of the two divisions (seventeen regiments) called for by your requisition. Of the character of these two gentlemen it is quite needless for me to speak. They are too well known to you to require that. The proximity of New York and the facilities there afforded for transportation demanded that the several regiments (with two exceptions), then immediately required for the temporary defense of Washington, should be taken from the First Division, New York State Militia (regulars), Major-General Sandford's. After placing these in the field propriety required that General Sandford should proceed to Washington to the charge of his division while it remained there. For reasons which I trust are without foundation Generals Dix and Wadsworth are somewhat apprehensive that they may not be recognized at Washington. But believing as I do that they will render eminent service to the country, that their acceptance would be in strict conformity with the requisition already referred to from your Department, and in conformity with the expectations of the people of this State, who have furnished forty-six regiments to the war, beside eleven sent in April to defend Washington, I confidently expect a favorable acknowledgment.

I have the honor to be, &amp;c.,

E. D. MORGAN.

NEW YORK, May 28, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

I have finished with the Union Defense Committee and the Governor. Things are now harmonious between them. I await orders.

W. B. FRANKLIN.

WAR DEPARTMENT, May 28, 1861.

Colonel W. B. FRANKLIN, U. S. Army, New York City:

If you have accomplished all you can you will return and report in person.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

16 R R-SERIES III, VOL I

