
dissatisfaction. It is the opinion of all military men here that it would be little better than murder to send troops into battle with such arms as are a large majority of these muskets altered from flint to percussion locks.

Without intending the slightest disparagement to the troops of other States, I feel safe in saying that the Indiana Volunteers are not inferior in material and discipline to any that have entered the field. All officers from other States who have witnessed their maneuvers are most lavish in their praises. Their drill is incessant, and no expense has been or will be spared to put them into the best possible condition and equipment. The reputation of Indiana suffered by incompetent officers in the Mexican war, and the determination is that it shall be redeemed, cost what it may. All we ask is a chance-is a chance.

I have two regiments of State troops enlisted for one year, in addition to those already accepted by the Government, which are in most excellent condition and eager for the fray, and which I hereby tender to the General Government.

On yesterday (the 29th) I loaned from the treasury of the State $20,000 to Lieutenant Davis, acting U. S. quartermaster, to pay transportation and expenses of troops that have just moved from this State into Western Virginia.

Having so often appealed to you on the subject of arms and with such poor success, I present the subject again with great reluctance, but from a sense of necessity and duty.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, May 30, 1861.

Governor ANDREW,

Massachusetts:

MY DEAR SIR: I thank you sincerely for the suggestions contained in your letter of the 28th instant,* and regret very much that I had not the good fortune to meet you here during your short visit.

You will have no cause to complain of the want of vigor in the prosecution of the expedition now on foot to suppress the rebellion in our Southern States. The whole power of the Government, with all the resources of our Northern people united, will be used to settle the disturbing elements for all time to come. I have no doubt of the result, and I feel persuaded that as the policy of the Government develops itself to the public it will leave no doubt in your mind.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

HAYTIAN BUREAU OF EMIGRATION, Numbers 8 Washington Building, 221 Washington Street, Boston, June 1, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War of the United States:

SIR: I notice that since the decision of your Department that "the slaves held by rebels who may seek protection in our camps are to be

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

