
reported as contraband articles of war" has been published, a great number of negroes have flocked to the fortresses, forts, and war headquarters of our troops now stationed in the rebellion States. Since the number of these contraband articles will soon become too great to be employed in the labors of entrenching, &amp;c., and must occasion great embarrassment to the troops, I take the liberty of making two suggestions to you, and of offering at the same time to carry them out without expense for my personal services to the Government of the United States:

First. The establishment of a central station, to which all living contraband articles (of a black and colored complexion), who may not be needed by the regiments from whom they seek protection, shall be sent until the war is over, or until the Cabinet may decide what final disposition to make of them.

Second. The shipment of all such said articles to Hayti as by the conduct of their former holders, or the decision of the Cabinet, may be declared free to the Republic of Hayti.

As a citizen of the United States I offer to superintend free of charge such a central station as is here recommended. As the agent of the Government of Hayti I offer to provide every negro whom you may confiscate with a comfortable home and a farm in Hayti.

Respectfully submitted.

JAMES REDPATH.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, Washington, June 3, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: This office not having received any official information as to the entire military force which will be in service, and such information being essential for making its preparations to supply the stores which it is its province to furnish, propose to assume as a basis an aggregate force of 250,000 men of all arms, cavalry, artillery, and infantry, and to give orders for providing the requisite supplies, and to make its estimates accordingly. Your instructions on this subject, either on the specified basis or such other as you may equested. In connection with this matterpplies for arms, &c., I deem it proper to report that I suggested, some five weeks since, when my views on this subject were requested, the propriety of obtaining from abroad from 50,000 to 100,000 small-arms and eight batteries of rifled cannon, a note of which was taken at the time, but I have not been advised whether any measures have been taken to carry out that suggestion.

Respectfully, &c.,

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel of Ordnance.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, June 3, 1861.

Major General G. B. McCLELLAN,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

SIR: The Secretary of War having directed that the three-months' regiments of the Ohio Volunteers may be retained in service for three years, you are directed to have them mustered for that period. If

