
permission was necessary for their export, as formerly. He could not, therefore, interfere with it. The Government had itself sold a good many arms of the old pattern to other States-had even sold to Garibaldi, I understood him to say-but they would not sell to Southern agents. I expressed my gratifications at this, and asked him if his Government would be willing to sell us Minie rifles or rifled cannon. With respect to the last, he said they had uniformly refused to dispose of any; had lately declined to sell to the Government of Denmark. With respect to Minie rifles, they were not in a position, in the present warlike aspect of things in Europe, to part with any arms of this character-only arms which were replaced by Minie. Still, if the legation would make an application, he would see what could be done.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Trenton, N. J., June 4, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Thinking it desirable that you should have more full information as to the situation of the three New Jersey regiments enlisted for three years than I was able to give by telegraph yesterday, I make this communication. The regiments are all full and are here in camp. They have tents and camp equipage, but we have not undertaken to provide ambulances or wagons. The regiments have the best officers it was in my power to obtain. Colonel Montgomery, who commands one regiment, has seen some thirty years' service, and is still in the vigor of life. Colonel McLean, educated at West Point and in service in Florida, commands another regiment, and Colonel Taylor, educated for a time in the Navy, and in service in Mexico, has command of the other regiment. The lieutenant-colonels and majors are efficient men, as I believe. The troops themselves are hardy, able men. This State was authorized by General Sibley, acting quartermaster, to furnish these regiments with clothing, uniforms, knapsacks, &amp;c. Under this authority the State has made contracts for these articles, and our troops will be equipped in two weeks in a manner which has been approved by an inspector sent from Philadelphia by General Thomas to examine the samples after which the equipment is being made.

Major Laidley, the mustering officer here, has made a requisition for arms, which are expected by the time the troops are uniformed. It is, of course, desirable that the troops have their uniforms before they leave here, but they are now at the disposal of the Government, and in an exigency could leave at any time after they are provided with arms.

I consider it very desirable that these regiments should not be separated, but that they serve in the same brigade.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

CHS. S. OLDEN.

BREVOORT HOUSE, New York, June 4, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I received your dispatch of yesterday, asking "How many of the three-years' regiments south of Albany are organized? Order immediately to this place by Harrisburg all that are ready."

