
officers and men of the same rank and arm of service in the Army of the United States, and shall be liable at all times to be turned over to the service of the United States, on the order of the Governor, as a part of the militia of this State, upon the requisition of the President of the United States.

SEC. 4. The officers and men of the said force, except when in actual service, shall be paid only for the time actually spent in their organization, drilling and instruct respective companies organized by virtue of this act, except when in the actual service of the General Government, shall make monthly returns of the service performed by all the members thereof to the colonel of the regiment. The said colonel shall make like returns of the service of the regiment, based upon the said company returns and the service of the regimental officers, to the adjutant-general; and the comptroller, on the certificate of the paymaster-general, shall draw his warrant the treasurer in favor of the respective regimental paymasters thereof; and the paymasters of the respective regiments, before entering upon the duties of their office, shall enter into a bond to the people of the State in such sum as the Governor shall direct, and with such sureties as he shall approve, to be evidenced by his indorsing his approval on such bond, conditioned for the faithful application, according to law, of all moneys he shall receive by virtue of his office; and which bond shall be filed in the office of the comptroller, and in case of breach, prosecuted under his direction by the attorney-general.

SEC 6. All expenditures of arms, supplies, or equipments necessary for the said force shall be made under the direction of the Governor, lieutenant-governor, secretary of state, comptroller, attorney-general, State engineer and surveyor, and State treasurer, or a majority of them, and the moneys thereof shall, on the certificate of the Governor, be drawn from the treasury on the warrant of the comptroller, in favor of such person or persons as shall from time to time be designated by the Governor.

SEC. 7. The force hereby created, when called into actual service, shall be subject to all the rules and articles applicable to the troops in the service of the United States, but no volunteers under this act shall be discharged from service anywhere except in the county where they were organized, unless by his or their request.

SEC. 8. The sum of $3,000,000, or so much thereof as may be necessary, is hereby appropriated out of any moneys in the treasury not otherwise appropriated, to defray the expenditures authorized by this act, or any other expenses of mustering the militia of this State, or any part thereof, into the service of the United States.

SEC. 9. There shall be imposed, for the fiscal year commencing on the on the 1st day of October, 1861, a State tax, for such sum as the comptroller, shall deem necessary, to meet the expenses hereby authorized, not to exceed two mills on each dollar of the valuation of real and personal property in this State, to be assessed, raised levied, collected, and paid in the same manner as the other State taxes are levied, assessed, collected, and paid into the treasury.

SEC. 10. This act shall take effect immediately.

Article 11, Section 2 of the Constitution.

Militia officers shall be chosen or appointed as follows: Captains, subalterns, and non-commissioned officers shall be chosen by the written votes of the members of their respective companies. Field officers of

