
Washington. The companies comprising this regiment having remained at their several recruiting stations until now, will be mustered into encampment the present week, at Burlington, and be ready for inspection by the U. S. inspecting officer on Monday next, June 10, and on receiving their rifle muskets, which, I understand, are to be furnished upon the order of such inspecting officer, I shall lose no time in ordering them forward.

These companies are raw recruits, but men of great physical force, being, most of them, laborers from farms.

I have ten more companies of three years' volunteers, which I shall order into encampment at Saint Johnsbury early next week, forming the Third Vermont Regiment, which will be held subject to a future requisition.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ERASTUS FAIRBANKS.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, June 5, 1861.

Colonel WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 4th instant, and have already telegraphed you to have the regiments at Elmira, that are ready, organized and mustered and then moved on to Harrisburg. It is desirable that in the organization of the regiments for service during the war the plan of organization as announced in Orders, Numbers 15, be strictly adhered to. The order for your first journey to New York and back has been forwarded to you by mail. I have also addressed the letter proposed by you to Mr. Astor.

If the allowance of one or two additional clerks to do duty in the quartermaster's office at New York will remedy the evil mentioned by you, I am entirely willing they should be employed, in which event it is my desire to designate J. B. Saulsbury, esq., residing in Jersey City, but doing business until recently in New York, as one of them. There will be difficulty in transporting the troops from Elmira to Harrisburg on short notice.

Truly,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, June 5, 1861.

Honorable CHARLES ROBINSON,

Topeka, Kans.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 29th ultimo, stating that your regiment will be organized at once.

Thanking you for the promptness with which you have responded to the call of this Department upon you, and assured that the Kansas regiment will prove itself worthy of your trust.

I am, sir, respectfully, yours,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Augusta, Me., June 5, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The Third Regiment Maine Volunteers, 1,000 strong, left this city to-day and will reach Washington probably Friday. I think you

