
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, June 5, 1861.

His Excellency ALEXANDER W. RANDALL,

Governor of Wisconsin:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the resolution of the General Assembly of the Commonwealth of Wisconsin, expressive of the satisfaction it would give it to have a brigade formed of the regiments of infantry called into service from Wisconsin, and give the command of the same to the Honorable Rufus King, in whose fitness and capacity the people of the State have the most implicit confidence. It would give this Department great pleasure to meet the wishes of the General Assembly of Wisconsin, and if it can be done without embarrassment or injury to the public service, its wishes, permit me to assure you, will not be disregarded; but I regret to say that at this time, and in the present state of the organization of the Army, it is impossible for this Department to do so.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

DENVER CITY, COLO. TER.,

June 6, 1861-9 a.m.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Accept by express the inclosed letter from Captain A. Pleasonton, with my indorsement. This Territory is at peace, devoted to the Union, and full of energy. The production of gold is very great, and daily increasing in amount.

Very respectfully,

WILLIAM GILPIN.

[Inclosure.]

BEAR RIVER CROSSING, May 30, 1861.

His Excellency Governor GILPIN,

Colorado Territory:

DEAR GOVERNOR: Knowing the deep interest you take in the welfare and advancement of this country, I wish to call your attention to the necessity which exists for keeping open the overland communication with California. From what I see and hear I am satisfied that this cannot be done if the military force is removed from the country. The present force is not adequate for all the necessities of the service, and if removed will lead to great disorders and losses on the part of the Government, as well as individuals. I am sorry to say that many of our men are deserting, and some of the officers are resigning, which gives an appearance of disaffection to the whole mass; but such is not the case, and they only need encouragement form the Government by being supplied with recruits and an assurance of support to meet every emergency that may arise. I know you have influence with the Government,a nd I do not hesitate, therefore, to ask your assistance in urging this matter to their notice, with a request for speedy action. I have been using all my exertions with the officers I Have met to induce them to remain at their posts, and I am happy to say have met with success with several. Rest assured I shall do all in my power to

17 R R-SERIES III, VOL I

