
inquiry and advice in respect to the sanitary interests of the U. S. forces and without remuneration for the Government. The Secretary has submitted their patriotic proposal to the consideration of the President who directs the acceptance of the services thus generously offered.

The Commission in connection with a surgeon of the U. S. Army, to be designated by the Secretary, will direct is inquiries to the principles and practices connected with the inspection of recruits and enlisted men, the sanitary condition of the volunteers, to the means of preserving and restoring the health and of securing the general comfort and efficiency of troops, to the proper provision of cooks, nurses, and hospitals, and to other subjects of like nature.

The Commission will frame such rules and regulations in respect of the objects and modes of its inquiry as may seem best adapted to the purpose of its constitution, which, when approved by the Secretary, will be established as general vestigations and action.

A room with necessary conveniences will be provided in the city of Washington for the use of the Commission, and the members will meet when and as such other places as may be convenient to them for consultation and for the determination of such questions as may come properly before the Commission.

In the progress of its inission will correspond freely with the Department and with the Medical Bureau, and will communicate to each, from time to time, such observations and results as it may deem expedient and important.

The Commission will exist until the Secretary of War shall otherwise direct, unless sooner dissolved by its own action.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Augusta, Me., June 7, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: A regiment (the Fourth Maine Volunteers) will leave Rockland Monday, June 17. It will be 1,000 strong, well uniformed and equipped, and will take twelve camp baggage-wagons, newly made and of the army size, pattern, &amp;c., two hospital wagons, about fifty horses and harnesses. The regiment goes from the home of Knox and will not unworthily represent the old hero.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

ISRAEL WASHBURN, JR.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, June 7, 1861.

Honorable ERASTUS FAIRBANKS,

Governor of Vermont, Saint Johnsburg, Vt.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 4th instant, informing me that one regiment of Vermont Volunteers will be ready for service by the 10th instant and that you will hold another in reserve.

Thanking you for the promptness and efficiency of your action in response to the calls upon you from this Department, I am, sir, respectfully, yours,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

