
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, June 8, 1861.

Governor ISRAEL WASHBURN,

Augusta, Me.:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 5th instant, and again thank you for the promptness of your action and the excellent manner in which the troops from your State are equipped and fitted out for service. If the two remaining regiments are equipped in the same way, and can be at once mustered and moved hither, let me know by telegraph, and I may immediately have the mustered and ordered here.

Respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WILLARD'S,

Washington, June 8, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: His Excellency Governor Andrew directs me to inform you that the first of the six three-years' regiments allotted to Massachusetts will march in three or four days, the remaining five to follow at intervals of four or five days if ordered, fully equipped in every particular. He adds, "We could easily give the men for six more regiments." His Excellency furthermore asks leave to furnish a battalion of 400 picked men under the command of an able officer, furnished with the Burnside rifle.

Very respectfully,

C. H. DALTON,

Agent for Massachusetts.

GENERAL ORDERS, WARD DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 31. Washington, June 9, 1861.

Women nurses will not reside in the camps nor accompany regiments on a march; but those who apply for service and are highly accredited, having certificates from two physicians and two clergymen of standing, and will forward the same to Miss D. L. Dix, at Washington, will receive a certificate in return accrediting them for service in any military hospital of the United States where such services are required.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ORDNANCE OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., June 10, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the return of my report of the 3rd instant indorsed by you:

The Secretary of War approves of the within report of the Chief of Ordnance, but has not recollection of the report about purchasing arms therein mentioned, and desires a more full report on that subject.

