
an entire forfeiture of the contract. In this way the ability of each contractor to meet his engagements, both as regards time and the quality of his work, will be ascertained, when additional contracts may be given to those who prove themselves worthy, and the Government will thus obtain arms without disappointment and without involving itself in unnecessary liabilities. The present capacity of Springfield Armory is the product of about 2,500 arms per month, and measures are in rapid progress to double at least that product, with orders to put no limit to the extent of work. The cost of the rifled muskets made there is $13.93 each, including the bullet-molds, screw-drivers, wipers, and spring vices. I have little doubt they will be made for less than $13.

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Ordnance.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, June 11, 1861.

Governor O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana:

SIR: It has been determined to accept six additional regiments of volunteers from Indiana, to be mustered into service for three years, or during the war, according to the plan of organization in General Orders, Numbers 15, of which regiments those of Colonel James W. McMillan and Colonel William L. Brown shall be received, and the remaining four to be designated by Your Excellency. All of said regiments when mustered into service, or if the whole number are not mustered such as are, to report to Major-General McClellan.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., June 11, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

By Friday evening the four regiments of three-years' men from Indiana will be completely organized, armed, uniformed and equipped for the field. Two are stationed at Indianapolis, one at Terre Haute, and one at La Fayette. I have also two regiments and one battalion of five companies of State troops enlisted for one year, armed, uniformed, and equipped, ready to take the field.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

[JUNE 11, 1861.-For Cameron to Lyon, authorizing enlistment of loyal citizens of State of Missouri, &amp;c., see Seires I, Vol III, p. 384.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 12, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Commanding Department of the Ohio, Cincinnati, Ohio:

GENERAL: The President has just learned from the Governor of Ohio of the existence of much dissatisfaction and an increasing excitement among the volunteers at Camp Dennison, growing out of the

