
so move forward until all are forwarded. If this understanding be interfered with by the want of arms to supply the regiments when otherwise ready to move forward, you are authorized to make a requisition on the Springfield Armory for the arms necessary to supply the deficiency.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 12, 1861.

Colonel W. B. FRANKLIN, U. S. Army:

SIR: The President having accepted the five regiments of volunteers tendered by General Sickles, you will muster the same into the service of the United States for three years, or during the war, and on being so mustered into service make report thereof to the Department.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

ELMIRA, N. Y., June 12, 1861.

Brigadier-General THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report my arrival at this place yesterday morning, and to submit the following statement of the strength and condition of the volunteer forces assembled here:

The aggregate is 5,422 officers and men, consisting of seven regiments under the command of Brigadier General R. B. Van Valkensburgh, of the State militia. Two of these regiments (the Twenty-first and Twenty-sixth) have been mustered into the service of the United States for three months. The remaining five are volunteers in the service of the State for two years. The Twenty-first and Twenty-sixth are supplied with arms, accouterments, uniform clothing, and camp and garrison equipage; are in good order and under fine discipline, considering the short time they have been in service. They could take the field at short notice. They are willing to be mustered in for two years, and probably two-thirds of the Twenty-first would go for three years or during the war. It is also the anxious desire of the remaining five regiments to enter the U. S. service for two years. They will be supplied with clothing and arms within two weeks' time.

The instructions for the mustering officer at this point are not recent or definite, and I respectfully request that instructions many be sent to me with reference to these terms of two and three years. Applications have been made to me to muster in some additional men for the three-months' regiments already formed; but as they are already up to the minimum strength required I have declined, as it would only add to a useless body of men and to the expense of the Government.

I cannot conclude without asking leave to mention something of the appearance and condition of the quarters occupied by the troops. The grounds about the place are eminently favorable for large encampments of troops, affording excellent facilities for drills and exercises and easy access to an abundance of pure water. The most favorable locations have been selected and quarters erected for the troops upon a grand scale. They are constructed of boards, and great attention has been

