
paid to uniformity and regularity. Buildings for the different companies of each regiment, ninety feet in length by eighteen in width, arranged in parallel lines and at uniform distances from each other, with fine parade and drill grounds in front, and officers' quarters and mess halls in rear, present a magnificent appearance. In the quarters the bunks are arranged with great uniformity, and each regiment has a mess hall in which the entire regiment can be seated at once. In the kitchens the same comfortable regularity prevails, the cooking being done by steam supplied from small engines and boilers in the most expeditious and wholesome manner. Everything that could contribute to the discipline and comfort of the troops has been done in a very systematic and expeditious manner through the indefatigable exertions of the general commanding them, aided by his quartermaster, Colonel Walker.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. W. AVERELL,

Second Lieutenant, Regiment Mounted Rifles.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Boston, Mass., June 12, 1861.

General HIRAM WALBRIDGE,

New York:

SIR: In relation to that energetic method of prosecuting the war which you suggest I have to say that if you can procure, in addition to the last requisition upon this State for-which will undoubtedly be in the field by the end of this month-a further requisition for ten regiments, thoroughly armed, equipped, clothed, and provided with tents, baggage, train, rations, and subsistence stores, these advances will be made by this State and such a requisition answered to the letter within forty days from the reception of the order here; men enlisted for three years, unless sooner discharged. We have already enlisted organized companies enough to make six regiments of the ten referred to as a proposed requisition, and entirely independent of the six regiments already ordered and of any troops now in the field.

I am, very truly, your friend and servant,

JOHN A. ANDREW.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., June 12, 1861.

General S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

First Minnesota Regiment, Colonel Gorman, is ready for marching orders. If wanted, answer.

RAMSEY,

Governor.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., June 13 [12], 1861.

General S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Do you want a Minnesota regiment? If so, Colonel Gorman's is well drilled and armed and can be in Washington in ten days. A full new regiment could not be got up in ten days, but I can have the forts relieved in less time. Answer.

RAMSEY,

Governor.

