
WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 14, 1861-10.50 a.m.

Governor RAMSEY,

Saint Paul:

Send to Harrisburg to await further orders Colonel Gorman's regiment. Replace the companies at the forts with companies of the Second Regiment. Report the day the regiment will be at Harrisburg.

S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

MADISON, WIS., June 14, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

The Second Regiment will start on Tuesday, the 18th of June. We have no arms. Where will they be procured? Fully provided otherwise.

A. W. RANDALL,

Governor of Wisconsin.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., June 15, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

DEAR SIR: General McClellan has just sent the following dispatch to General L. Thomas:

In Secretary's order of May 30, authorizing five companies of cavalry and artillery to be mustered in Illinois, the Governor interprets it as meaning five companies of each. What is the intention? I think the service requires at least five companies of each arm, and hope that is the intention. There are in all ten cavalry companies raised by the State of Illinois. I would recommend that all be accepted by the General Government.

GEO. B. McCLELLAN.

Now, Mr. Cameron, please do get General Scott to accept my ten cavalry companies. We want to be fully ready to take the starch out of the Missouri secession chivalry.

Very respectfully,

RICHD. YATES,

Governor.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Albany, N. Y., June 15, 1861.

Brigadier-General THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I think it proper to acquaint you of the difficulties encountered in procuring the requisite supply of ammunition for the volunteer regiments which the Executive of this State has engaged to put in motion for the field in the next ten days. If there should be any failure to comply with the terms of the arrangement made by the Government when in Washington, it will be for want of ammunition, as the regiments should not move without a supply. I send herewith a copy of my letter of the 14th instant to the Chief of Ordnance respecting ammunition for Enfield rifles, and hope the request to have it supplied by the Ordnance Department will be complied with.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. MEREDITH READ, JR.,

Adjutant-General.

