
rounds as above. Shipped per steamer City of Baltimore, sailed June 5, due about 20th: Two guns with four carriages, 1,700 rounds as above, to complete the battery of six, to arrive per--- --some time in July, a machine and all its parts capable of making 200 projectiles a day for the use of these guns.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, June 17, 1861.

HIRAM WALBRIDGE,

New York:

SIR: I have read with pleasure the letter of His Excellency Governor John A. Andrew, addressed to you under date of the 12th instant, stating that if you can procure a further requisition by the Government for ten additional regiments from the State of Massachusetts besides the last requisition for six, they will within forty days be sent, thoroughly armed, equipped, clothed, and provided with tens, baggage train, rations, and subsistence stores; men enlisted for three years, unless sooner discharged.

You will please advise Governor Andrew that the necessary requisition will immediately be made, and for your action in the premises accept the thanks of this Department.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

NEW YORK, June 17, 1861.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

DEAR SIR: The Honorable Robert Dale Owen is authorized to present for your consideration our cavalry regiment being now raised upon the border. It will be composed of the best material both in men and horses. Mr. Owen will present to you the peculiar claims and condition of the border, differing from the border of any other State. I trust Your Excellency may find it consistent with your views and the public interest to accept of this regiment.

Very respectfully,

O. P. MORTON.

[Indorsement.]

JUNE 22, 1861.

If agreeable to the Secretary of War, I approve the receiving one of the regiments already accepted from Indiana, organized and equipped as a cavalry regiment.

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 17, 1861.

His Excellency CHARLES ROBINSON,

Governor of Kansas:

SIR: The Department will accept for three years or during the war two regiments of volunteers from Kansas in addition to the one commanded by Colonel Deitzler and mustered already into service, said regiments so accepted to be the ones commanded by Colonels Phillips and Mitchell, respectively, and the mustering officer ordered by the Adjutant-General to muster them into service is hereby directed to make

