
such requisitions as may be necessary to supply them with arms, ammunition, clothing, &amp;c., they may require, and also to supply any deficiency that may exist in Colonel Deitzler's regiment.

Respectfully, yours,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

DETROIT, MICH., June 18, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

The Fourth Regiment of Michigan Infantry is mustered into U. S. service, and ready to march if it has arms and accouterments. Can they be forwarded to it immediately?

AUSTIN BLAIR,

Governor of Michigan.

CONCORD, N. H. June 18, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

The Second Regiment of New Hampshire Volunteers, numbering 1,046 men, with camp equipage and baggage train, are ready for service. Unless orders are received to the contrary, the regiment will leave Portsmouth June 20, and will proceed directly to Washington as per your order of June 3.

NATHANIEL S. BERRY,

Governor of New Hampshire.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, June 18, 1861.

Honorable CHARLES S. OLDEN,

Governor of New Jersey, Trenton:

SIR: I h ave the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter covering copies of resolutions of the Legislature of New Jersey, urging upon the General Government "the necessity of taking the necessary steps to complete the battery now under contract with the Messrs. Stevens in the shortest practicable time."

The subject referred to in the resolutions is one of acknowledged importance, and demands, and will receive, the earnest attention of this Department. It will be necessary, however, to have the action of Congress upon it before any decisive steps are taken, and it will accordingly be referred to that body for its consideration when it assembles in extra session on the 4th of July next.

With the highest respect, I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Albany, N. Y., June 18, 1861.

Brigadier-General THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to inform you that Colonels Ward's (Thirty-eighth) and Matheson's (Thirty-second) Regiments New York State Volunteers will leave New York for the seat of war on the 19th

