
instant; C. E. Pratt's (Thirty-first), on the 20th; Lansing's (Seventeenth) on the 21st, and McCunn's (Thirty-seventh) on the 22nd instant. Colonel Christian's (Twenty-sixth) will leave Elmira on the 21st.

The Governor, when in Washington, understood it was the wish of the Secretary of War that the regiments should all be sent to General Patterson's command, but after his return to Albany a telegram asked that the several regiments at Elmira should be sent to Washington via Harrisburg. Being not then ready because not mustered, and because ammunition was not furnished in season by the United States, regiments were ordered from New York City instead. Thinking it probable that Colonel Franklin, U. S. Army, in New York, is in possession of the Secretary of War's views as to the destination of these regiments, I have directed the brigadier-general in command of the New York depot to confer with him on the subject before dispatching the regiments to the seat of war.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. MEREDITH READ, JR.,

Adjutant-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, June 19, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Herewith I have the honor to inclose for your information a transcript of a dispatch from our minister resident in Belgium, Mr. Sanford, of the 21st [25th] of May. His suggestions are commended to your consideration.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure.]

LEGATION OF THE UNITED STATES,

Brussels, May 25, 1861.

SIR: In view of the manifest want of arms in the United States to meet the present emergency, I have made inquiries here and at other points as to the means of supply, and have come to the conclusion that no considerable amount of arms of modern pattern can be procured in Europe at first hands. All the great centers of manufacture of which I have any knowledge are without any stock on hand of importance, and are far behind their orders. All Europe is arming in view of the probabilities of war, and this fact and the change of the old musket for the modern rifled gun have caused an extraordinary activity in this branch of manufacture, and the demand seems to be far in advance of the supply, and this has led to speculation and enhanced prices. The principal workshops in this country are in and about Liege, and their productive capacity-which is, however, rapidly increasing- is now about 10,000 per week. They are mostly employed by foreign Governments, Piedmont being a large customer, and the English Government having contracted there for 180,000-the cost being there less than in England, say from 35 to 40 francs, according to completeness and finish. I learn also on inquiry that the markets at Saint Etienne, in France, are all overburdened with orders, and that the prices have advanced from 42 francs (the Government regulation price) to 78 for the Minie, Government pattern. The capacity of supply of the two principal centers for the manufacture of arms in England is about the same as at Liege, but a large trade is carried on in Birmingham is guns bought here and in Germany.

