
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., June 19, 1861-3.20 p.m.

Governor ANDREW,

Boston:

With your approval the Department will accept Colonel Webster's regiment, and have it immediately mustered and ordered on to Washington.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WHEELING, VA., June 19, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON:

DEAR SIR: We have, under order received in reply to my dispatch to you and Mr. Chase, a regiment about full, at Clarksburg, with two companies of cavalry. Arms and equipments for both foot and horse companies are wanted. May I beg you to forward them at once, as delay in getting them tends to discourage enlistments, while the men armed and well equipped and drilled have the opposite effect. From present indications our section is to be made the Flanders of the war, and I want as many of our people as possible in the service. I hope it may be in your power to send us the same gun as the 2,000 you gave Mr. Applegate, of Wellsburg, and with which Colonel Kelley's regiment and the troops on the island, mustered in by Major Oakes, are armed, with at least 50 or 100 rounds of cartridges to each. Send cartridge- boxes, &amp;c. The guns, &c., can be sent to me, care J. B. Ford, agent, Wheeling, Va. I will see they get to Clarksburg.

Sincerely hoping your health is entirely restored, I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

JNO. S. CARLILE.

P. S.-May I beg the favor of an early reply.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., June 19, 1861-4 p.m.

Governor A. W. RANDALL,

Madison, Wis.:

This Department accepts the Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth Regiments to serve during the war, if ready to be at once mustered, and this will authorize in that even the U. S. mustering officer to muster them into service.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE MANSION,

June 20, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

MY DEAR SIR: Since you spoke to me yesterday about General J. H. Lane, of Kansas, I have been reflecting upon the subject, and have concluded that we need the services of such a man out there at once; that we better appoint him a brigadier-general of volunteers to-day, and send him off with such authority to raise a force (I think two regiments better than three, but as to this I am not particular) as you think

