
will get him into actual work quickest. Tell him when he starts to put it through. Not be writing or telegraphing back here, but put it through.

Yours, truly,

A. LINCOLN.

[Indorsement.]

General Lane has been authorized to raise two additional regiments of volunteers.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 20, 1861.

Major General GEORGE B. McCLELLAN,

Commanding Department of the Ohio:

GENERAL: I am directed to say to you that when instructions were sent from this office not to discharge three-months' men from your Ohio regiments reorganized for three years, contrary to their own wishes, it was not designed to encourage them to remain, or that you should take back men already discharged or sent home on furlough, but, on the contrary, that they should be encouraged to quit the service so far as this might be done without compromising the good faith of the Government.

If they persist in remaining for the full time they have engaged to serve, they must be permitted to do so, but in such case it is suggested that you had better form them into a detachment or detachments separate from the three-years' men.

In relation to the authority of the Governor of Ohio over your troops, I am directed to remind you that as soon as the men are sworn into the service of the United States your command over them becomes absolute and exclusive.

I am also directed to inform you that the generals of three- months' militia have no different relation to three-years' volunteers from that which they hold to the regular forces.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

A. BAIRD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Hartford, Conn., June 20, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

DEAR SIR: In consequence of delay in receiving officers of the Army to take charge of the battalion which Colonel Colt proposed to arm with rifles the soldiers have become disaffected, and now decline going into the Regular Army of the United States. As they had not been sworn into the service of the Government I had no power to hold them. I have therefore been under the necessity of appointing their officers and organizing them into a regiment of volunteers for three years. I much regret this, but under the circumstances this course was unavoidable.

I am, dear sir, yours, with high regard,

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM.

