
WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 20, 1861.

Governor YATES, Springfield, Ill.:

Will accept your ten companies of cavalry, if ready immediately to be mustered into service.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON CITY, June 20, 1861.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN,

President:

SIR: I tender and ask the acceptance for service for three years or during the war the following regiments of troops from Kansas in addition to the three regiments from that State heretofore accepted, viz:

One regiment of infantry, including two companies cavalry and two companies artillery, Colonel James Montgomery. One regiment of infantry, including two companies cavalry and two companies artillery, Colonel William Weer. General Cameron concurs with me in the existing necessity for two additional regiments, and will cheerfully make the order on your suggestion.

Respectfully,

J. H. LANE.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 20, 1861.

General JAMES H. LANE:

DEAR SIR: This Department will accept two regiments for three years or during the war in addition to the three regiments the Department has already agreed to accept from the Governor of Kansas, to be raised and organized by you in Kansas. Orders will be given to muster the same into service immediately on being ready to be so being mustered the requisite arms, &amp;c., will be furnished on the requisition of the mustering officer, who is hereby authorized to make the same.

By order of the President:

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

BOSTON, MASS., June 20, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

I have just received a telegram from Hiram Walbridge stating that the President authorizes him to announce to me that ten additional regiments will be immediately called from Massachusetts. This is most gratifying intelligence. Please telegraph me at once official requisition, so as to justify my making contracts immediately for outfits.

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor.

WASHINGTON, June 20, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: His Excellency Governor Austin Blair, of Michigan, in a letter to me under date of the 15th instant, in expressing an earnest

