
NORWITH, June 21, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON:

Only one regiment from this State accepted and mustered for the war. No other accepted. Can give you one in ten days and another in about thirty. Will you accept them?

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor of Connecticut.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Norwich, Conn., June 21, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Your telegram was received to-day, inquiring the number of regiments organized by this State and mustered into the service for the war and the number accepted by the War Department not mustered, if any, and when they will be ready.

I replied by telegraph, and repeat the answer, that I have received from your Department a call for only one regiment for three years, and that has been mustered into the service, and is now in the field. I can probably have another regiment organized, uniformed, and armed (but not drilled and disciplined) in ten days, and another in less than thirty days, and two others soon after. How many will you receive? Advise me, and your requisition shall h ave my prompt and earnest attention.

Address me at Hartford.

Yours, with high regard,

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

June 21, 1861.

Honorable R. YATES,

Springfield, Ill.:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 15th instant. Immediately upon its receipt I telegraphed you that your regiment of cavalry would be accepted as soon as it was ready to be mustered in, and further answer by mail is therefore unnecessary.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., June 21, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON:

Ten regiments have been mustered for three years. Two more will be mustered by the 24th. The regiments for three months at Cairo ready to be mustered. I desire to tender you ten more regiments, full. They can be mustered as soon as mustering officer is able to do it. Do accept them. Our arms are the old altered muskets, unfit for service, and more than one-third in hands of troops are not nipped. Send us at least 10,000 stand of best arms. Please answer immediately.

RICHD. YATES.

DAVENPORT, June 21, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON:

There have been mustered into service in this State one regiment for three months and two regiments for the war. Telegram from G. M.

