
Dodge from Washington on yesterday says you have accepted three additional infantry regiments and one of cavalry from this State. Is it correct? Think I can have them at rendezvous in two weeks from to-day.

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

AUGUSTA, ME., June 21, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON:

Six regiments organized, four of which are in Washington. The fifth is accepted and marches next Wednesday. The sixth is accepted and will march seven or ten days later. No others organized, but intend to raise another or more if desired.

I. WASHBURN, JR.,

Governor of Maine.

BOSTON, MASS., June 21, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON:

Six regiments were called for and have been mustered in, of which one has marched and five remain awaiting camp equipage, nearly ready. Will h ave ten more ready to march in forty days.

JNO. A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Boston, Mass., June 21, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Agreeably to your request I have begun operations to secure you ten new regiments. We have the material for six of the ten already organized into companies, which we will proceed to organize at once into regiments. One regiment under Colonel Fletcher Webster, already fully organized, will be the first of the ten made ready. Enough, other companies are now organized to make another, or sixth, regiment, and four more will be started. The contracts for tents, horses, wagons, overcoats, and other equipage are already on foot, and will be fully ready in the forty days, and the men will be tendered for mustering in to your mustering officer in due season at the proper points in Massachusetts.

I am glad the United States Government intends to pursue the war with such vigor and force, and I firmly believe that the preparation of an ample army, properly equipped in season for operations on a grand scale, aggressive and peremptory in character and majestic in proportions, to sweep the field in the autumn, will command the enthusiastic welcome and support of the country. We shall not falter a moment in our preparation of equipments, so as to present our regiments (as nearly as circumstances will permit) prepared according to the standard of the Army, at all events equipped so that they may pitch their tents on any field you may assign to them, where they will fight whatever foe appears, and I doubt not will eat their allowance, too, unless your commissariat should fail, or a miracle be wrought.

I am, yours, obediently and respectfully,

JOHN A. ANDREW.

