
DETROIT, June 21, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON:

Four regiments infantry are organized in this State and mustered into service for the war. The First, Second, and Third, are at or near Washington. The Fourth will leave on Monday next. Three additional regiments have been organized by the Governor, the officers and non-commissioned officers of which are in a camp of instructions at Fort Wayne. They are not uniformed or equipped, but can be on short notice.

AUSTIN BLAIR,

Governor of Michigan.

Per W. J. GIBSON,

Military Secretary.

SAINT PAUL, MINN., June 21, 1861.

General S. CAMERON:

One regiment (Colonel Gorman) is mustered into service for the war. A second is accepted, and will be ready to muster in some eight days.

S. P. JENNISON,

Private Secretary.

CONCORD, June 21, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

One regiment has been mustered by this State for three months and one for three years-Colonel Tappan's and Colonel Marston's. Both are now at the seat of war. No others ordered by your Department have been accepted. The State tenders further regiments.

N. S. BERRY,

Governor.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Trenton, June 21, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: There are three regiments organized by me in this State, each containing the maximum of men, band, and officers prescribed by General Orders, Numbers 15, and which have been mustered into the U. S. service to serve during the war. The First Regiments, Colonel W. R. Montgomery; the Second Regiment, Colonel G. W. McLean, and the Third Regiment, Colonel George W. Taylor, all of whom have served as officers in the U. S. Army. These regiments are encamped here under command of Colonel Montgomery, and are being fully uniformed and equipped with camp and garrison equipage, under contract with the U. S. Quartermaster-General. They are already armed, and will be equipped and ready to move by the 27th instant. Should anything occur to prevent their being ready by that date I will report to you by telegraph. These troops are unprovided with baggage train and ambulances, which I mention that the deficit may be supplied at their point of destination by the proper department. No other regiments or companies have as yet been accepted by the Department of War from this State. I shall await your orders as to when, how, and where the three regiments are to move.

Your obedient servant,

CHS. S. OLDEN.

