
ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Albany, June 21, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In reply to your telegram of the 21st instant to the Governor, I have the honor to make the following statement:

Thirty-eight regiments of volunteers have been enrolled and accepted by the War Department. Thirty-three of them have been mustered for two years. Five of them are yet to be mustered, being those whose muster was arrested by the refusal of the mustering officer to muster except for three years, and to whom orders were subsequently given (June 12) through Colonel Franklin. They will be mustered by the 24th instant. In addition to the above there are four regiments of New York State militia, viz, Second, Ninth, Fourteenth, and Seventy-ninth for three years or during the war; also the Garibaldi Guards (Colonel D'Utassy), raised for the occasion. These last five regiments are those accepted from the Union Defense Committee by the Federal Government.

I have the honor to be, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. SCHRIVER,

(For the Adjutant-General.)

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Columbus, Ohio, June 21, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Your telegram to Governor Dennison is placed in my hands. The status of Ohio troops is as follows, twenty-six regiments the total:

First. Eleven regiments under first call at Camp Dennison until the 20th of June, when three marched for Virginia; three not mustered in; will be on Tuesday next. The change from the three- months' to the three-years' enlistment caused vacancies, to which companies have been assigned for immediate duty. The eleven regiments are for the war.

Second. At Camp Chase, near Columbus, are four regiments-two mustered in; other two will be mustered in by Tuesday next; all for the war. There is a deficiency of arms, however, except for the purposes of drill, having only the altered musket.

Third. Two regiments, now near Washington, have not fully declared their purpose as to an extended enlistment. The Governor has proposed to extend the time, lest the active canvass of the question should demoralize the present command.

Fourth. Nine regiments, organized as State regiments, have, under the critical circumstances, been placed at the disposal of General McClellan, and advanced into Virginia. Of this force (8,800 men) a majority offer for three years, and yet they have been so distributed in the various detail of duty devolved upon them as to render impossible the immediate reorganization of the regiments. The commanding general deemed it hazardous to open up the matter. The delay originated solely in their sudden transfer to the border and the overruling necessity of their advance into Western Virginia.

While, therefore, twenty-six regiments are really available for present purposes, four in Virginia and two near Washington are not reorganized so as to count in the quota of twenty-one regiments of three-years' troops.

