
If a larger portion of the Ohio force be needed eastward, there are two complete regiments in Cincinnati which could be mustered in forty-eight hours and two more in four days thereafter. This, however, would increase the Ohio quota beyond the designated number, conceding to the two Eastern regiments further time.

The Governor deems that good faith to the Government forbids any unnecessary delay in mustering the three-years' troops and of such as have acquired military training as far as possible, while he appreciates the circumstances that have prevented some of the three-months' troops from immediate decision as to the longer term of service.

In the meantime State troops have so performed military duty that an equivalent force has been put into the field, and it is hoped that the general cause has not suffered.

Very truly, your obedient servant,

H. B. CARRINGTON,

Adjutant-General.

SAINT JOHNSBURY, VT., June 21, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

I have two regiments mustered into service for the war, accepted by your Department, one of which is ordered forward and will leave Burlington for Washington on Monday next. The other is mustered at Saint Johnsbury and can be equipped ready to march in two weeks if inspected and supplied with muskets. Can immediately afterward organize another regiment if desired.

E. FAIRBANKS,

Governor of Vermont.

MADISON, June 21, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON:

In accordance with dispatch reaching us on the 10th, accepting six regiments in all if ready in three weeks, our First and Second have left for the East. Captain McIntyre is now mustering the Third. The Fourth is in camp ready to be mustered in. The Fifth and Sixth will be in camp as soon as he is ready to muster them. All will be ready to move on the limited time or in a very few days thereafter.

ALEX. W. RANDALL,

Governor of Wisconsin.

[JUNE 21, 1861.-For Governor Peirpoint's application for the protection of Virginia by U. S. troops against invasion and domestic violence, see Series I, Vol. II, p. 713.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, June 22, 1861.

Colonel H. K. CRAIG,

Chief of Ordnance:

The Colonel of Ordnance will take measures to procure 300 wrought-iron field pieces, 6 pounder caliber, from the Phoenix Iron Company,

19 R R-SERIES III, VOL I

