
HARRISBURG, PA., June 22, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Colonel J. A. Wright, of my staff, will proceed to Washington on Monday noon to give answer to your dispatch of yesterday and to settle with you definitely all questions in regard to it.

A. G. CURTIN.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, June 23, 1861.

Brigadier General IRVIN McDOWELL,

Commanding Department of Northeastern Virginia, Arlington House:

GENERAL: You are authorized to receive and muster into the service of the United States such citizens of the State of Virginia as may offer their services as cavalry soldiers. You will muster them in by companies or individuals, to be afterward forme into companies at your discretion.

Very respectfully, &amp;C.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, June 23, 1861.

Governor OLIVER P. MORTON,

Indianapolis:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of the 22nd instant, and to inform you that, in addition to the six regiments accepted on the 11th instant, four more were accepted on the 19th instant.

I have also the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter addressed to the President by the hands of Honorable R. D. Owen,* and to inform you that the regiment of cavalry tendered is accepted, conditioned, however, that it shall be one, or take the place of one, of infantry already accepted. In other words, this regiment shall come in under the acceptance of either the 11th or 19th instant. I regret to learn that the acceptances of the 11th and 19th by the President, in which certain colones are named, have embarrassed you, and I assure you nothing could have been further from the intention of the President or of this Department than the thought of doing so.

Respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

ALBANY, N. Y., June 23, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

The Seventeenth Regiment New York Volunteers was omitted from copy of my telegram to you last night in giving names of regiments dispatched by me during the past week.

E. D. MORGAN.

---------------

*See June 17, p. 275.

---------------

