
Government, that proposed by Captain Dyer, and tried in common with many others proposed by different persons, is best adapted to the wrought-iron field guns. This projectile is an expanding elongated one, with a cup of soft metal cast on the rear end. It differs but slightly from the rifle projectile known as Dimick's, and is almost identical with that experimented on at the Washington Navy-Yard by Captain Dahlgren, judging from the little that is known, except by that officer, of the latter projectile. The best way of procuring a supply of rifle-cannon ammunition to meet present exigencies is to obtain the cast-iron shot and shells by purchase and to prepare the ammunition at the arsenals. Although Captain Dyer has no pecuniary interest whatever in the projectiles, which he proposed solely as the result of his studies on the subject and for the benefit of the public service, I do not deem it proper to recommend the adoption of his projectiles because he is an officer of the Army and because projectiles of nearly the same description can be obtained from Mr. Dimick. I recommend that projectiles of both kinds (Dyer's and Dimick's) be procured and put in use for a trial in the field of their relative merits.

Respectfully,

JAMES W. RIPLEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel of Ordnance.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, IOWA,

June 25, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

DEAR SIR: A complication exists here growing out of the acceptance of three additional infantry regiments from this State. When I received from G. M. Dodge information that these additional infantry regiments had been accepted, I had not any knowledge of the independent regiment ordered by Major Lauman except form rumor, and immediately proceeded to make up the three regiments from companies pressing me for service. To-day Major Lauman calls on me, expecting his independent regiment to be one of the three; but the three are already made up, and the companies so far notified that it is impossible for me to do anything else than receive them as made up. This thrown Major Lauman's independent regiment out, which is to me a matter of great regret, as the companies will make a splendid regiment.

If the public service will require a still additional regiment from this State, and you will request or accept it, I will recognize Major Lauman's regiment, and place it in quarters and in uniform as soon as the means at my command will permit.

Very respectfully,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, D. C., June 25, 1861-4.20 p.m.

Governor CHARLES S. OLDEN,

Trenton, N. J.:

Your telegram to the Secretary of War is referred to me.* Please send the three New Jersey regiments to Washington by rail on Friday.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

---------------

*See letter of June 21, p. 287.

---------------

