
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Albany, June 25, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I believe eight regiments left our State for Washington last week. I feel confident as many will leave the present week and during the next week or about the time of the assembling of Congress. I hope to have all that have been accepted by the General Government in the field.

I am, very truly, yours,

E. D. MORGAN.

HARRISBURG, PA., June 25, 1861.

Colonel J. A. WRIGHT,

Washington:

Dispatches received.* Call on the President, in accordance with the suggestion of the Secretary of War made last week, and ask His Excellency if he will take a major-general and two brigadiers named by me, either by giving them commissions in the U. S. Army, or otherwise, with the fifteen regiments; explain to him how this corps has been raised; call his attention to the act of Assembly and to the assignments therein contained for these officers and the direction to appoint them.

A. G. CURTIN.

WASHINGTON, June 25, 1861.

WASHINGTON, June 25, 1861.

[Governor A. G. CURTIN:]

DEAR SIR: I send you, herewith, report of an interview with General Cameron, which is decisive, and on which you will have to act. General Cameron thinks he has taken responsibility enough and will await action of Congress. He thinks if three-months' [men] go home, they will in a short time, when another call is made, be the more anxious to re-enlist. As to taking your major- general and brigadiers, says he would not do it if General Jackson was the major-general. As to this point he seems absolutely positive on the ground of having no authority to do so, though at same time speaks favorably of McCall and Biddle. This leaves you in position of twenty-five regiments disbanded at end of three-months' service and fifteen regiments on your hands, refused by Secretary of War, unless on the condition stated, and no representation in the Army of the United States. However, General Cameron intends recommending a large increase in the Army and under it, if ordered by Congress, we will, of course, have a representation. This may be or not before the disbandment of our present forces. My impression is, the Department here have scarcely any defined plan for the future and cannot have until the action of Congress. The refusal to take your major and brigadier generals is not peculiar to Pennsylvania, but the necessity has been forced on them on account of the pressure from nearly all the States to force all kinds of men on the Government. I sent you copy of inclosed letter yesterday by telegraph, General Cameron desiring immediate answer, saying he is holding back from accepting regiments until this matter is definitely settled with you. You had better telegraph General Cameron as soon as your receive this, deciding at once what you will do.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

