
To make a resume: The case stands, if you accept the offer, the major and brigadier generals are left on your hands and the twenty-five regiments disbanded at end of three-months' service, and you have fifteen regiments in service.

If you refuse the offer, you have the fifteen regiments on hand, well officered, and twenty-five regiments disbanded, unless as they may be affected by action of Congress.

I read my official letter to you of this date to General Cameron and he approves it. I will await your answer. Telegraph me at same time you answer Cameron. In this state of things there is of course no use talking about clothing, tents, or wagons. But if the fifteen regiments go into U. S. service, the United States will provide wagons and you are desired to procure tents and necessary camp equipage.

Yours, &amp;c.,

JOHN A. WRIGHT.

[Inclosure.]

WASHINGTON, June 25, 1861.

His Excellency A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania:

SIR: I had an interview with General S. Cameron, Secretary of War, this morning. He declines taking any action in the matter of mustering in three-months' men into the three-years' service to fill up requisitions on you for ten or thirteen regiments, preferring to await the action of Congress, which meets on the 4th of July next. He would accept at once the fifteen regiments of your Reserve Corps if made up to the maximum in accordance with General Orders, Numbers 15, but positively declines from want of authority to accept any officer higher than colonel, as indicated in that order. He does not desire you to prepare, but recommends your procuring tents and necessary camp equipage. General Cameron desires an immediate answer whether your fifteen regiments of Reserve Volunteer Corps will be offered on condition specified.

I am, sir, yours, respectfully,

JOHN A. WRIGHT,

Aide.

[JUNE 25, 1861.-For Cameron to Peirpoint, relative to affairs in Virginia, &c., see Series I, Vol. II, p. 723.]

[JUNE 25, 1861.-For Cameron to Carlile, in reference to organization of forces in Western Virginia, see Series I, Vol II, p. 723.]

HARRISBURG, June 26, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Washington:

I have received the official report of my aide, Colonel Wright, of an interview had with you relative to the re-enlistment of our Pennsylvania troops now in the field, and of your having declined to act in the

