
matter until the meeting of Congress, as also of your after to take the fifteen regiments now in camps in course of organization, known as the Pennsylvania Reserve Corps, provided they were brought up to the number indicated in General Orders, Numbers 15. While I am gratified that you should be willing to accept the fifteen regiments indicated, it would be in my opinion greatly unjust to the men already in the field and who have suffered so many inconveniences and privations by reason of their promptness, to supplant them entirely, as possible might be the case if the fifteen regiments alone were accepted and these men thrown out at the end of their enlistment. I therefore beg to inquire whether the Department, if so authorized by Congress, will retain in the field such regiments from Pennsylvania now in service as may be willing to re-enlist, and if facilities will be offered said regiments to recruit to the proper standard. Several have already proffered their services and have been indicated by me to Colonel Porter, of the U. S. Army, who until recently had charge of this matter at this place.

A. G. CURTIN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., June 27, 1861.

Colonel WILLIAM B. FRANKLIN,

Brevoort House, New York:

If the five regiments organized by Mr. Sickles are ready let them be mustered into service. If they are not ready within three days they cannot be received.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 38. Washington, June 27, 1861.

* * * * *

II. The existing regulations upon the subject of the appointment of sutlers in the Army are hereby rescinded, and henceforth these appointments will be made by the Secretary of War.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, June 27, 1861.

[General SCOTT:]

It being the fixed purpose of the Government to protect all loyal citizens in their constitutional rights, and to defend the States against domestic violence, invasion, insurrection, or rebellion, you are hereby directed to send an officer to Tennessee, to muster into the service of the United States 10,000 men, to receive pay when called into active service by this Department. Each regiment formed therefrom will be commanded by field and company officers of their own selection.

The Ordnance Bureau will forward to Cincinnati, Ohio, 10,000 stand of arms and accouterments and ample supplies of ammunition, to be

