
MAYOR'S OFFICE, Pittsburg, January 4, 1861.

Gentlemen of the Select and common Councils of the City of Pittsburg:

Intelligence of an authentic characted reached me yesterday to the effect that the order for the removal of the ordnance from the U. S. Arsenal near this city had been countermanded.

In view of the excitement which has prevailed in the community on this subject I deem it proper to make this official communication. I may also be permitted to suggest the propriety of your taking some formal action expressive of the grateful feeling which now animates all classes for an act fo the Government at once so well timed and judicious. It is matter of just pride and congratulation that notwithstanding the popular indignation at the outset, our citizens of all parties refrained from any act of violence and appealed successfully to the authories at Washington for ther rescinding of sthe obnoxious order.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

GEO. WILSON,

Mayor.

Extract from the minutes.

COUNCIL CHAMBERS, Pittsburg, January 4, 1861.

Be it resolved by the Select and Common Councils of the City of Pittsburg, That we have heard with much pleasure of the action of the proper Department in countermanding the order fo the late Secretary of War for the removal of the ordnance from the U. S. Arsenal near this city.

Resolved, That a copy of the foregoing resolution, signed by the mayor of Pittsburg, and the presiding officers fo councils, be transmitted to the President, Attorney-General, and the Acting Secretary of War.

GEO. WILSON,

Mayor.

JAMES Mc AULEY,

President Select Council.

A. G. McCANDLESS,

President Common Council.

Attest:

H. McMASTER,

Clerk of Common Council.

Attest:

R. MORROW,

Clerk of Select Council.

WASHINGTON, January 8, 1861.

Honorable JOSEPH HOLT,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Inclosed you have a copy of a resolution passed by the House of Representatives on the 31st ultimo.

You will see that the inquiry directed by the House covers matters not included n the resolution of the Committee on Military Affairs of the 18th ultimo nad therefore not covered by your reply if the 3rd instant.

