
carried thence through Kentucky into East Tennessee by the officer designated by you for mustering the men into service, for distribution among the men so mustered into service. You will also direct an officer to muster into service at the same time in Southeast Kentucky four regiments, to be commanded and officered in the same manner as is herein provided for the Tennessee regiments. All the regiments aforesaid will be raised for service in East Tennessee and adjacent countless and in East Kentucky; and in addition thereto there shall be received and mustered one regiment, to be raised in Western Tennessee.

You will send an officer with a sufficient command on the Kentucky trace to stop all supplies passing over the East Tennessee and Virginia Railroad.

You will authorize the officers designated by you for mustering into service as aforesaid to receive into the service of the United States such additional loyal citizens (to furnish their own arms) as may offer their services on the terms aforesaid.

The State of Tennessee is added to the Military District of Kentucky, under General Anderson's command.

By order of the President:

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

[Indorsement.]

Approved.

A. LINCOLN.

[JUNE 28, 1861.-For President to Cameron in regard to organization of three regiments in Western Virginia, see Series I, Vol. II. p. 730.]

SPRINGFIELD, June 29, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

A commanding from you to Captain T. W. Ferree, of Joliet: "The Governor of Illinois has been notified that the Department will accept of several additional regiments." Your dispatch to me said ten companies of cavalry. How many regiments of infantry will you accept?

I have tendered ten.

RICHARD YATES,

Governor of Illinois.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Boston, Mass., June 29, 1861.

Adjt. General LORENZO THOMAS, U. S. Army,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I am instructed by His Excellency Governor Andrew to request that you will inform him what measures are to be adopted for mustering out of the U. S. service such of the Massachusetts three-

