
three years, there are now 153 in active service, and the remaining 55 are mostly ready, and all of them will be in the field within the next twenty days.

The total force now in the field may be computed as follows:

Regulars and volunteers for three months for the war......235,000

Add to this fifty-five regiments of volunteers for the war, accepted and not yet in service........................... 50,000

Add new regiments of Regular Army......................... 25,000

75,000

Total force now at command of Government.................310,000

Deduct the three-months' volunteers...................... 80,000

Force for service after the withdrawal of the

three-months' men.........................................230,000

It will thus be perceived that after the discharge of the three-months' troops there will be still an available force of volunteers amounting to 188,000, which, added to the Regular Army, will constitute a total force of 230,000, officers and men. It will be for Congress to determine whether this army shall at this time be increased by the addition of a still larger volunteer force. The extraordinary exigencies which have called this great army into being have rendered necessary also a very considerable augmentation of the regular arm of the service.

The demoralization of the Regular Army caused by the treasonable conduct of many of its commanding officers, the distant posts at which the greater part of the troops were stationed, and the unexampled rapidity of the spread of the rebellion, convinced those high in command in the service, as well as this Department, that an increase of the Regular Army was indispensable. The subject was accordingly brought to your attention, and after a careful examination an increase was authorized by your proclamation issued on the 4th [3rd] of May last.

This increase consists of one regiment of cavalry, of twelve companies, numbering in the maximum aggregate 1, 189 officers and men; one regiment of artillery, of twelve batteries, of six pieces each, numbering in the maximum aggregate 1,909 officers and men; nine regiments of infantry, each regiment containing three battalions of eight companies each, numbering in the maximum aggregate 2,452 officers and men, making a maximum increase of infantry of 22,068 officers and men.

In the enlistment of men to fill the additional regiments of the Regular Army I would recommend that the term of enlistment be made three years, to correspond with the call of May 4 [3] for volunteers, and to all who shall receive an Honorable discharge at the close of their term of service a bounty of $100 shall be given.

The mounted troops of the old Army consist of five regiments, with a maximum aggregate of 4,460 men. Not more than one- fourth of these troops are available for service at the seat of war. At least two regiments of artillery are unavailable, being stationed on the Western coast and in the Florida forts.

The increase of infantry is comparatively large, but this arm of the service is that which the General-in-Chief recommended as being most efficient.

The organization of the increased force, it will be noticed, is different from that of the old Army. This question was fully considered by officers of the Army connected with this Department, and after much deliberation it was concluded to adopt the French regimental system of three battalions to a regiment. Each battalion is commanded by a major, with a colonel and lieutenant-colonel for the general command of the regiment.

