
service have necessarily imposed upon this Department a vast increase of responsibility and labor. To facilitate its proper administration, I would recommend the passage of a law by Congress authorizing the appointment of an Assistant Secretary of War, and the requisite additional appropriation for the employment of an increased clerical force.

In concluding this report, I deem it proper to express my deep indebtedness to the veteran General-in-Chief of the Army for the constant and self-sacrificing devotion to the public service exhibited by him in this grave crisis, and also to the chiefs of the different bureaus of this Department for the able and efficient manner in which they have at all times aided me in the discharge of my official duties.

I have the honor to be, with high regard your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 39. Washington, July 1, 1861.

I. No volunteer will be discharged upon surgeon's certificate of disability until the certificate shall have been submitted to the Medical Director, and shall have been approved and countersigned by him.

* * * *

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

Military regulation concerning passports.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, July 1, 1861.

The General-in-Chief, by permission of the Executive, announces to all concerned that hereafter no passport, by whomsoever signed or countersigned, will entitle any person to pass the lines of the U. S. Army unless the same be also countersigned by himself or the commander of a military geographical department. This regulation will continue in force until further notice.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 2, 1861.

Governor YATES,

Springfield, Ill.:

Ferree was referred to you for opportunity of getting into one of the ten regiments accepted. If more than ten companies of cavalry are now ready, accept and have them mustered in-not otherwise.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, July 2, 1861.

His Excellency Governor JOHN A. ANDREW,

Boston, Mass.:

SIR: In answer to your letter of the 20th ultimo, requesting information from the Adjutant-General as to the place and manner of mustering

