
out of service the three-months' Massachusetts Volunteers, I am directed to state that the Adjutant-General is not yet informed as to whether measures have been adopted for this purpose. It is the desire and advice of the Adjutant-General that the regiments in question be returned to their homes at the expense of the United States, and be there mustered out of the service.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, IOWA,

July 2, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington City, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: I would much prefer that in the future all troops needed from this State for the service of the United States be called for by regular requisition upon the Executive of the State, unless such troops shall be uniformed and equipped by the United States or by themselves. I will endeavor to furnish promptly all troops that may be regularly required from this State, and I am satisfied it will save much complication and unpleasant feeling here to have all further troops furnished upon formal requisition.

Very respectfully,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

[JULY 3, 1861.-For Cameron to Peirpoint, in regard to organization of troops in Western Virginia, &c., see Series I, Vol. II, p.736.]

FELLOW-CITIZENS OF THE SENATE AND

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES:

Having been convinced on an extraordinary occasion, as authorized by the Constitution, your attention is not called to any ordinary subject of legislation.

At the beginning of the present Presidential term, four months ago, the functions of the Federal Government were found to be generally suspended within the several States of South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Florida, excepting only those of the Post-Office Department.

Within these States all the forts, arsenals, dock-yards, custom-houses, and the like, including the movable and stationary property in and about them, had been seized, and were held in open hostility to this Government, excepting only Forts Pickens, Taylor, and Jefferson, on and near the Florida coast, and Fort Sumter, and Charleston Harbor, S. C. The forts thus seized had been put in improved condition; new ones had been built, and armed forces had been organized, and were organizing, all avowedly with the same hostile purpose.

The forts remaining in the possession of the Federal Government in and near these States were either besieged or menaced by warlike preparations, and especially Fort Sumter was nearly surrounded by well-protected hostile batteries, with guns equal in quality to the best of its own and outnumbering the latter as perhaps ten to one. A disproportionate share of the Federal muskets and rifles had somehow

