
ultimo, I respectfully name the following persons as being able to communicate the information required, viz: Colonel H. K. Craig, Chief of Ordnance; Captain William Maynadier, principal assistant to Chief of Ordnance; Morris Adler, clerk in Ordnance Office; J. P. Keller, clerk in Ordnance Office. The letter of Honorable B. Stanton is herewith returned.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. K. CRAIG,

Colonel of Ordnance.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 8, 1861.

Honorable JOSEPH HOLT,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: I have the honor to state, in answer to your inquires as to the state of preparation for their armaments of the fortifications at Galvest---

First. The fort at Galveston, for which an appropriation of $80,000 has been made, has no further been begun than by the erection of temporary building and quarters for mechanics and laborers, of horses, wharf, &amp;c., and the making of other indispensable preparations. So far as we know here the ground has as yet hardly been broken for the foundations of the fort itself. We may, at any rate, say confidently that even the foundations of the wall have not been begun. The estimate for the work is $413,000, and according to the rate of appropriations of late years for similar works, we cannot expect full readiness for its armament in less than five years.

Second. At the fort on Ship Island the working force is now engaged in the construction of the embrasures of the lower tier, of which the officer in charge hoped to have four covered in by the 1st instant, the others being in various stages of forwardness. Not a platform has been laid, and some months will be required to mount the first tier of guns every on temporary platforms, and another appropriation of at least $85,000 must be made and applied before the work can be got ready for its entire armament. At present not a gun could be mounted.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient,

JOS. G. TOTTEN,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., January 8, 1861.

General THOMAS HILLHOUSE,Adjutant-General, New York State, Albany, N. Y.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of December 21, offering in the same of His Excellency the Governor the men to garrison the forts within the State of New York. The emergency has happily passed which would require prompt ction on the subject, but the United States Government will at a convenient time look to the defenses of our frontiers and sea- ports. Meantime the Government holds in high appreciation the new proof of the patriotism of the State of New York.

I am, sir, &c.,

S. COOPER,

Adjutant-General.

