
expressing their readiness to continue in service under a different regimental organization after the expiration of their present term.* Now, therefore, I samuel J. Kirkwood, Governor of the State of Iowa, hereby tender to the War Department these nine companies (with such other as will make an entire regiment) for three years or during the war from date of the day following the expiration of their present term of service.

Respectfully, yours,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

P. S.-Please answer at once.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, July 8, 1861.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL STATE OF NEW YORK,

Albany, N. Y.:

SIR: I am directed to inquire how many regiments of volunteers from the State of New York have been mustered into the service of the United States for two years, and how many of these two- years' regiments are or were three-months' regiments?

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 8, 1861.

Honorable A. W. RANDALL,

Governor of Wisconsin, Madison, Wis.:

By arrangement of General Rufus King, Third Regiment will be armed at Harrisburg, Fourth Regiment at Washington, and Fifth and Sixth at Milwaukee.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES,

July 8, 1861.

His Excellency A. LINCOLN:

MY DEAR SIR: If the Union is to be maintained the loyal people of the border slave States must be sustained.

By great exertions we have got up a spirit of enlistment in the volunteer service of the United States. Our men who have enlisted have been lying out without even a blanket, destitute of tents and camp equipage, destitute of arms and ammunition, for weeks and weeks.

Complaints is made out of the State that we are not defending ourselves. How can we, without arms or anything of defense in our hands? I have written again and again to the Secretary of War. I have endeavored to see him, but cannot find him with a moment's leisure. We must have immediately forthwith 5,000 arms, with 100 rounds of cartridges for each, for infantry, and 1,000 carbines for cavalry, with camp equipage, uniforms, &c., for both, or we shall have to give up the contest.

---------------

* Inclosure omitted.

---------------

