
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 10, 1861.

Honorable SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD,

Governor of Iowa, Iowa City, Iowa:

SIR: Your suggestion that " all troops received into service be called for by requisition on the State Executives, unless such troops shall be uniformed and equipped by the United States or by themselves," meets my decided approval. Any deviations hitherto from this policy have been assented to with reluctance.

Respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Albany, N. Y., July 10, 1861.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY:

SIR: I have the honor to reply to your letter of the 8th instant, and to state that thirty-eight regiments of volunteers have been mustered into the service of the United States, including the Eleventh (Ellsworth's), for the war, of which number the following were originally mustered for three months:

Twelfth Regiment, Walrath's; Thirteenth Regiment, Quinby's; Nineteenth Regiment, Clark's; Twenty-first Regiment, Rogers's; Twenty-sixth Regiment, Christian's, at Elmira depot.

It is proper to state that Companies A, B, C, D, and E of Colonel Weber's regiment (the Twentieth) are also reported as mustered for three months, but I think that was an oversight, the mustering orders having been different. The rolls read "two years" in the caption and "three months" in Captain Smith's (Topographical Engineers) certificates. It is not doubted all the companies except to serve for two years.

Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,

J. MEREDITH READ, JR.,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 11, 1861.

His Excellency ANDREW G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania, Harrisburg:

SIR: The time of three-months' volunteers from your State will expire during the present month. This Department is anxious that the force now in the field shall not be diminished to the extent of a single man, and I therefore request Your Excellency to inform me at an early day at what time you can have ready for marching the fifteen regiments which I understand are now in camp preparing for the service of the Government.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 12, 1861.

Major SIBLEY,

Quartermaster's Department:

DEAR SIR: In making settlements with railroad companies for transportation of troops and supplies, please observe the following as a general basis:

Per passenger, per mile, 2 cents for distance moved.

