
Resolved, That they be instructed and requested to favor no plan of compromise which does not contemplate the acknowledgment by all sections of the supremacy of the Constitution of the United States.

Resolved, That the Governor be requested to communicate the foregoing resolutions to our Senators and Representatives in Congress.

Certified by-

G. L. CRANMER,

Clerk House of Delegate.

WASHINGTON, July 15, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to inclose a circular from the Governor of Wisconsin suggesting a humane provision for the care of sick and disabled soldiers, and would respectfully ask attention to the request which accompanies it.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RUFUS KING.

[Inclosure.]

MADISON, WIS., July 10, 1861.

MY DEAR GENERAL: I have sent to each of the Governor a circular like the within. I shall send men with each of our regiments. I wish you would, in view of what I suggest, procure an order from the War Department permitting these agents to go with our regiments, and to have all the proper privileges of the camp to perform the duties suggested in my circular letter.

Yours, truly,

A. W. RANDALL.

[Inclosure.]

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Madison, Wis., July 4, 1861.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF

------

:

DEAR SIR: It seems to be assumed that the moment one of our citizens as a soldier in the service of the United States he loses to a certain extent his citizenship, and that he is entitled to but little further consideration. This has been at all times an inhuman error, but at this time it is doubly so. The men who have enlisted as soldiers in the present war have not done so for the pay of the soldier, nor because they were out of employment. The men who fill the armies of the United States to- day enlisted with the patriotic purpose of putting down a wicked rebellion and maintaining the integrity of the Federal Government. They are our neighbors and fellow-citizens, who, braver than we are, go to endure the privations of the camp and to brave the dangers of the battle-field, not only for themselves but for us. From Wisconsin-and I doubt not the same may be paid of all the loyal States-all classes and conditions of men-men of all the professions and avocations and employments of life-swell the ranks of our regiments. There is scarcely a soldier but leaves behind him a family or social circle broken by his absence. In every conceivable way they make great sacrifices. They carry the honor of their respective States with them and are pledged to uphold that honor as well as to punish rebellion. They are entitled to our greatest consideration and care.

