
Whoever defrauds a patriotic, liberty-loving, Government-loving soldier is a thief. So far as possible the several States should do and are doing all in their power to send their regiments forward well uniformed and provided for the service in which they are to engage. I feel impelled to submit that the duties of the authorities of the several States toward the stalwart- hearted men who go to do our battles for us do not and cannot end here. The history of all tells us that both during their continuance and after their close thousands of soldiers, sick and diseased and maimed, of wandering homeward, suffering with privation and want, begging their weary way, and meeting that curious public gaze which has no sympathy or kindness in it. Each State has a rich reversionary interest in the citizen soldiers who represent it, and each State owes to itself and to every soldier an obligation to take care of that interest.

I have determined, in behalf of Wisconsin, to send with each regiment men whose sole business it shall be to stay with the regiment, look after its welfare, and to see that every man who, from sickness or the casualties of war, becomes so far disabled that be can no longer endure the fatigues or perform the duties of the camp or field, shall be safely and comfortably returned to this State and to his family or friends. In health or sickness, in triumph or defeat, these men are ours and our country's and our obligations and hopes equally go with them. May I invite you to co-operate in this movement? The agents appointed by and for the several States for these purposes can to a very large extent act in concert and aid each other. I cannot doubt but that by a proper effort al railroad and steam-boat companies, touched by the humanity of the object, can be induced to pass all disabled persons free upon a certificate from the proper responsible authority that as such they were honorably discharged from service. The expense will be comparatively light and the good to result incalculable.

Very respectfully,

ALEX. W. RANDALL.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 16, 1861.

Major-General Butler, commanding Department of Virginia, &amp;c., is authorized to enlist for three years, or for the war, 100 men, to be mounted and attached to this division.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Hartford, Conn., July 16, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: We have at our State arsenal two batteries (twelve pieces) 6-pounder rifled bronze cannon, with carriages, caissons, traveling forges, harnesses, and implements complete, and two 12-pounder bronze cannon (sent to Springfield to be rifled), with carriages; also forty-two baggage-wagons and fourteen harnesses, any or all of which are at the service of the Government whenever you shall order.

The Fifth Regiment Connecticut Volunteers, for three years, has been full some time and is now in camp waiting to be mustered into the service of the Government. This regiment has had more discipline than

