
almost any other and is inferior to none that have taken the field from any part of the country. They are all armed with modern arms, say two companies with Sharps rifles, six with Government rifles, and two with Government rifled muskets. In a few days the term of service for three of our regiments will expire. We shall then have but one in the service. We think this will not answer for the State which in April, 1860, gave the keynote to an effort which resulted in the election of our excellent Chief Magistrate of the nation.

May I not hope that on the receipt of this you will order the regiment I now have ready mustered into the service?

Hoping for a favorable and early reply, I am, yours, with high regard,

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 16, 1861.

Honorable GEORGE H. PENDLETON,

Judiciary Committee:

In reply to your resolution of inquiry as to the term of service, I would state that the Secretary of War is of the opinion that the term of service of volunteers begins from the day they are mustered into the U. S. service by the proper U. S. officer. This has been the undeviating, uniform policy of the Government, and the Secretary of War directs me to say that he sees no reason to make any departure now, and he has so notified parties making the inquiry.

Respectfully,

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. LESLEY, JR.,

Chief Clerk.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., July 16, 1861.

DANIEL E. SICKLES,

New York:

If your regiment desires to enter into the service of the United States let it be mustered in and reported here immediately.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

NEW YORK, July 16, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

In reply to your dispatch received this morning by telegraph, I have the honor to state that the first regiment of the brigade tendered by me to the President has already been mustered into the service of the United States under my command. It is provided with arms and accouterments, and only awaits the delivery of the remainder of its equipments and clothing, for which requisitions have been duly made on the Quartermaster-General, to be ready to proceed to Washington at one hour's notice. Second and third regiments can also be sent forward whenever required. The fourth and fifth regiments are nearly full, and will be ready to report next week.

DANL. E. SICKLES.

