
WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 16, 1861.

GEORGE C. ARNOLD, Esq.,

Stated Clerk, &amp;c., Philadelphia, Pa.:

SIR: I am in receipt of your letter of the 11th instant, transmitting, by order, extract from the minutes of the Presbytery of Philadelphia of the United Presbyterian Church. I am greatly pleased at the determination so emphatically expressed by the presbytery, "to uphold the Government in all its lawful efforts to preserve the integrity of these States," and with the earnestness of its appeal to all under its care "to do what they can to support, defend, and perpetuate the free institutions bequeathed to us by our faithers." Such action on the part of so influential a body must, I am sure, have a beneficial effect wherever it shall be made known. In regard to the resolution of the presbytery in relation to chaplains, it gives me pleasure to inform you that this Department in general orders, issued in May last, provided for one chaplain to each regiment, the chaplain so appointed to be a regularly ordained minister of some Christian denomination. I beg to assure your presbytery that I shall do all in my power to encourage a just observance of the Sabbath by both officers and men. It is my earnest desire to prevent, as much as possible, the demoralizing tendencies of a camp life, and I have strong hope that the presence of an efficient chaplain with each regiment will do much toward improving the moral and religious condition of men who are not only brave, but, to so great an extent, educated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

[JULY 17, 1861.-For act of Congress making appropriations for the Army for the year ending June 30, 1862, and appropriations for arrearage for the year ending June 30, 1861, see Statutes at Large, Vol. 12, p.261.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 17, 1861.

Honorable F. P. BLAIR, JR.,

Chairman Com. on Mil. Affairs, House of Representatives:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit herewith reports of the Engineer Department and Ordnance Office on the memorial of the Chamber of Commerce of the State of New York in relation to the defenses of the harbor of the city of New York, herewith returned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure No. 1.] ENGINEER DEPARTMENT, Washington, July 12, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: A memorial to Congress from the Chamber of Commerce of the city of New York, asking prompt action in arming and extending the fortifications of that harbor, has been put in my hands, from the House

