
which we have carriages, for and for mounting them in those positions where they are most needed for protection and defense.

It has also prepared and submitted to you estimates, under the head of armament for fortifications, which it is believed have been laid before Congress, to enable it to prosecute as promptly and vigorously as possible the work of procuring and mounting at the forts cannon of the most effective kind and caliber.

These estimates include as great an amount as can be profitably and advantageously applied to the object until additional means can be obtained. The appropriation of the sum estimated will be all that Congress can do at this time toward effecting the object of the memorial.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Brevet Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. PENNSYLVANIA RESERVE VOLUNTEER CORPS,Harrisburg, July 17, 1861.

His Excellency A. G. CURTIN:

GOVERNOR: In accordance with your instructions I proceeded to Washington on the 12th of July and had an interview with the Secretary of War, the conclusion of which was an offer to accept the thirteen regiments of infantry and one regiment of cavalry from your Reserve Corps; also two additional regiments of infantry. He declined accepting the regiment of artillery, not requiring it for the U. S. service. The Secretary of War declined accepting the corps as a whole with its major-general and staff, on the ground of having established that as a rule with other States. He therefore, through me, makes a requisition on you for, as above, fifteen regiments of infantry and one regiment of cavalry.

Yours, respectfully,

JOHN A. WRIGHT,

Aide-de-Camp.

SAN FRANCISCO, CAL., July 18, 1861.

Brigadier General J. G. TOTTEN,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I notice that in the proposed increase of the Army no provision is made for any increase of engineer troops or engineer officers, while the artillery is increased to five full regiments. This seems to me a most unaccountable error. Military organization has been with me a matter of critical study for many years, and I believe I have read nearly every printed book the subject. Being in no way connected with the Regular Army, I have none of those preferences or prejudices for any particular arm which naturally result from esprit de corps. But with a desire to see the Federal arms triumphant and the national flag reinstated in every place where it formerly waved, I wish to see our Army placed upon the best possible footing for the accomplishment of the great object in view. I have therefore taken the liberty of addressing you on this important subject.

In my opinion five full regiments of artillery to nineteen regiments of infantry and only one company of engineers is out of all proportion and unprecedented in the military history of the world. Is there anything

