
in our service or in the contemplated operations of the present war to justify such an anomalous organization? I think not, and this opinion is confirmed by the fact that large portions of the artillery have been and are still performing infantry duty, while the appropriate duties of engineer troops are performed by other arms of the service.

In a war like the present, where fortifications are to be constructed, attacked, and defended, numerous rivers to be crossed and bridges to be destroyed and rebuilt, an army to be most effective should have its full portion of sappers, miners, and pontoniers; and this proportion is for the regular force not less than two full regiments. In addition to these there should be organized, by selections from the volunteer troops er troops, instructed in the duties of that arm, and either commanded or led by engineer officers; or if this cannot be done, there can be found plenty of retired engineer officers who would willingly take commissions from the Governors of States as volunteers for the war. To put engineer officers into regiments is undoubtedly advisable in particular cases, but as a general rule I I think they can render better service at the head of troops of their own particular arm.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General, California Militia.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., July 18, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

As directed by you, I have accepted another regiment of twelve companies of cavalry. They are ready to march. Shall I rendezvous them for being mustered into service? Ten additional companies are also offered. Will you accept them? Two of the four artillery companies raised by the State have not yet been mustered into the service. Shall they be mustered in?

RICH. YATES,

Governor.

HARRISBURG, July 18, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON:

Two of our regiments of Reserve Corps are in Virginia, commanded by Colonels Biddle and Simmons. One regiment, under Colonel McCalmont, is in motion to join them, in obedience to your order. They can be mustered into service by Colonel Simmons. One regiment is at Green-castle, under Colonel Ricketts, not yet mustered into service. Three at Pittsburg, two at Easton, two at West Chester, and two here are ready to march when mustered into service. Captain Hastings is here to muster into service. Will you please to send additional force for that purpose to Pittsburg, Easton, and West Chester. We will put the two additional regiments of infantry and one of cavalry in readiness at the earliest possible period of time.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

22 R R-SERIES III, VOL I

