
service. The men will be permitted to elect their own company officers; the field officers appointed by the President. Arms will be furnished as soon as practicable.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

[Indorsement.]

JULY 20, 1861.

The Secretary of War has my approbation to sign this letter.

A. LINCOLN.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 45. Washington, July 19, 1861.

* * * *

III. In future no volunteer will be mustered into the service who is unable to speak the English language.

Mustering officer will at all times hold themselves in readiness to muster out of service such regiments of volunteers as may be entitled to their discharge.

IV. Officers of the volunteer service tendering their resignations will forward them through the intermediate commanders to the officer commanding the department or corps d'armee in which they may be serving, who is hereby authorized to grant them Honorable discharges. This commander will immediately report his action to the Adjutant-General of the Army, who will communicate the same to the Governor of the State to which the officer belongs.

Vacancies occurring among the commissioned officers in volunteer regiments will be rifled by the Governors of the respective States by which the regiments were furnished. Information of such appointments will in all cases be furnished to the Adjutant-General of the Army.

By order.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

Hartford, July 19, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

The Fifth Regiment, of 1,000 men, is waiting orders. Will you not accept and order Colonel Loomis to muster it in? Reply.

WILLIAM A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor.

WASHINGTON, July 20, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Governor Morton, of Indiana, who left this city yesterday, instructed me to present to the Adjutant-General a paper from the President, of which the following is a copy:

JULY 19, 1861.

I have agreed, and do agree, that the two Indiana regiments named within shall be accepted if the act of Congress shall admit of it. Let there be no further question about it.

A. LINCOLN.

