
In informing you of this, I desire to express my regret that there should have been any conflict of opinion on this subject, and to add that I entirely concur with the Adjutant-General and yourself in the opinion that there should be but one uniform term of enlistment, namely, for three years or during the war. I desire further to add that I shall use my influence with the Governor to induce him to propose to these regiments to enlist on the above terms, and to urge it upon them so to do. At the same time, as the law stands under which they were organized, they have a right to refuse-though I do not think they will-and a right, in case they are not accepted by the General Government, to their pay for one year from the State, seeing that, before the three-year rule of service was adopted by the General Government, they were enlisted for one year in the State service, with the right to turn them over for the same term to the General Government if it required their services.

Thus, as in the present political condition of Kentucky we consider our militia to be defense sufficient without these regiments, we should be keeping 2,000 men under pay without use for them. This would be the more to be regretted, as they are uniformed, fully equipped with the Enfield rifle, and under good drill, ready to take the field under the most favorable circumstances.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

ROBERT DALE OWEN.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, July 21, 1861.

His Excellency WILLIAM DENNISON,

Governor of Ohio:

SIR: The Secretary of War desires that you send as early as possible to Western Virginia, to report to Major-General McDowell, the five regiments which you report in readiness. The Secretary of War will also receive several companies, or one regiment, of cavalry and three additional regiments of infantry as soon as you can have them in readiness.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

[JULY 22, 1861.-For act of Congress authorizing the employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and protection of public property, see General Orders, No. 49, War Department, Adjutant- General's Office, August 3, 1861, p.380.]

CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES,

In the House of Representatives, July 22, 1861.

On motion of Mr. Wickliffe:

Resolved, * That the Secretary of War be requested to inform this House whether the Southern Confederacy (so called) or any State thereof has in their military service any Indians; and if so, what number and what tribes, and also whether they have in said service any negroes.

Attest:

EM. ETHERIDGE, Clerk.

