
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 25, 1861.

His Excellency Governor RICHARD YATES,

Springfield, Ill.:

GOVERNOR: I have telegraphed to-day accepting your patriotic offer of thirteen additional regiments of infantry, three additional regiments of cavalry, and one additional battalion of light artillery, advising you that if you so desire you can provide for and equip them, if you can do so with advantage as respects economy and dispatch. It is absolutely necessary that the officers should be capable and reliable men, and to this end the Department wishes it distinctly understood that it will revoke the commissions of all officers who may be found incompetent for command. You will please telegraph immediately to the Adjutant-General at Washington when and where these troops will be ready to be mustered into the service, in order that an officer may be detailed for that duty without delay.

I appreciate the patriotic spirit of your people, as evinced in your noble offer, and doubt not that they will prove equal to every demand that may be made upon them in behalf of the preservation of our glorious Union.

I am, Governor, with high respect, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 25, 1861.

Governor YATES,

Springfield, Ill.:

Accept Colonel Stephen G. Hicks' regiment if it meets your approval. Official letter of acceptance of all the regiments you have offered goes forward by mail to-day.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAMES LESLEY, JR.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., July 25, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

I hope the War Department will accept of regiments only through me.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor.

DAVENPORT, IOWA, July 25, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch of the 24th instant says: "Accept Colonel H. B. Hoffman's regiment in one of the four accepted yesterday," &amp;c. Does accepting these regiments mean a requisition on Iowa for four more regiments? The Governor will raise no more regiments tendered by individuals, but will comply with all demands by the Government. Answer at Burlington, Iowa.

J. BOWEN,

Adjutant-General.

---------------

* See next, ante.

---------------

