
WAR DEPARTMENT.

July 25, 1861.

Governor KIRKWOOD,

Davenport, Iowa:

Please accept Colonel Vandever's regiment as one of the five accepted July 23 on recommendation of Fitz Henry Warren.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAMES LESLEY, JR.,

Chief Clerk.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 25, 1861.

Governor AUSTIN BLAIR,

Jackson, Mich.:

SIR: I will accept from Michigan five additional regiments of infantry for three years, provided you have them ready for marching orders-three by the 15th of August and the remaining two by the 1st of September. This acceptance is with the distinct understanding that this Department will revoke the commissions of all officers who may be found incompetent for the proper discharge of their duties. You will please report by telegraph to Adjutant-General Thomas the date at which you will be ready, to have them mustered in, and he will detail the necessary mustering officer.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. LESLEY, JR.,

Chief Clerk.

CLAY'S HOTEL,

Washington City, D. C., July 25, 1861

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: The people of Nebraska are anxious to have at least two companies of cavalry attached to the regiment of infantry already raised under the three-years' call. I understand the companies are already formed and can be ready for service at very short notice. It would be desirable by a part at least of the volunteers to have the Government furnish horses for them. Should the people have trouble with the Indians, and it is highly probable they will, cavalry will be of great service. I hope, therefore, that you will accept and equip at least the two companies.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

A. SAUNDERS,

Governor of Nebraska.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, July 25, 1861.

Colonel N. H. SWAYNE,

Willard's Hotel:

Applications of companies for three-years' service very numerous. The public interest I am satisfied will be greatly promoted by Government authorizing my immediate acceptance of at least six additional regiments. Urge it upon the President. Answer as soon as possible.

W. DENNISON.

