
COLUMBUS, OHIO, July 25, 1861.

Colonel N. H. SWAYNE,

Willard's Hotel:

We are hurrying our organization of new regiments, and will be glad to have Secretary Cameron's authority immediately to add two or three regiments to those already accepted. This will remove some embarrassment and do instant good. Answer to-day.

W. DENNISON.

WAR DEPARTMENT.

July 25, 1861

Governor CURTIN, Harrisburg:

When the scattering companies are collected to form regiments I will accept to the extent of ten more additional regiments.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAMES LESLEY, JR.,

JULY 25, 1861.

J. D. CAMERON

Harrisburg, Pa.:

Three additional paymasters have gone to Harrisburg with drafts on New York, for which they will receive gold by express. The Governor will not let the men suffer if he can help it.

J. LESLEY, JR.,

Chief Clerk.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, July 25, 1861

Governor ISRAEL WASHBURN, JR.,

Augusta, Me.:

Uniform and equip regiments complete except arms and accouterments. Appoint surgeons to fill places temporarily of those taken prisoners, as they may soon be relieved.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Hartford, Conn., July 26, 1861

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: It is the earnest desire of the citizens of Connecticut to aid and sustain the Government in this emergency. I am anxious to raise one or two more regiments for the war, but am disinclined to issue the necessary orders without previous assurances from the War Department of the acceptance of the troops by reason of the uncertainty which has heretofore existed as to whether the regiments which this State has raised were to be accepted. I should be glad to be informed whether your Department would accept one, two, or three regiments from Connecticut for three years, and upon information will be prepared to comply with your suggestions. Connecticut does not intend to be behind any of her sister States in active exertions for the cause of the country.

I am, dear sir, yours, with high regard.

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM.

