
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 27, 1861-12.40 p.m.

Governor DENNISON, Columbus:

Send all the Ohio regiments to Western Virginia in accordance with your original understanding. If any are changed to come East turn them back to Western Virginia.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, July 27, 1861.

Governor W. DENNISON,

Columbus, Ohio:

You have authority to raise two additional regiments. Telegraph the earliest possible moment they will be ready.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT

July 27, 1861-4.30 p.m.

Governor DENNISON,

Columbus, Ohio:

I authorize you to accept six more regiments, making eight in all. Organize them at the earliest moment and advise the Department.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAMES LESLEY, JR.,

Chief Clerk War Department.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, July 27, 1861.

His Excellency Governor DENNISON,

Columbus, Ohio:

SIR: The nine regiments of the Ohio State troops and Colonel Barnett's artillery of six gins and 120 men which have been serving in Western Virginia will be sent back to Ohio, to be there mustered out of the service. They or such of them as may be presented by you will there be accepted and mustered into the U. S. service for three years as regiments, companies of cavalry, and batteries of artillery. The two sections of artillery from Ohio other than Barnett's battery, and the two companies of cavalry from the State, all of which have been serving in Virginia, will also be sent home at the expiration of their three-months' service, to be there mustered out. They or such of them as may be presented by you will then be accepted as specified for three years, and will be mustered into the service of the United States for that period. The same will be done in regard to the battery of artillery and the two companies of cavalry at Camp Chase. In short, all three-months' men are to be sent home, to be mustered out of the service. They or such of them as may be presented by you will there be accepted for three years and sworn into the service for that period, as regiments, companies of cavalry, and batteries of artillery.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

