
disposition of them. The rebels are advancing in force from the South upon these lines. We have plenty of men, but absolutely no arms, and the condition of the State critical.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

ORDNANCE OFFICE,

Washington, July 28, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: When the estimates from this Bureau were prepared and submitted to you on the 14th of June last, provisions was made therein for all probable expenditures that could then be foreseen. Since that time, however, our losses of arms and accouterments, increases of the number and changes in the kinds of troops then contemplated, the change in the mode of supplying volunteer cavalry, and the large increase in the prices of arms and other military supplies, call for additional means to meet necessary expenditures. The estimate was based on a supply for an army of 250,000 and did not contemplate furnishing States and home troops, which has been done to a large extent and which will render it necessary to send abroad for arms, a measure which had been decided against at the time when the estimate was prepared.

The foregoing considerations render it necessary that a large additional appropriation for the purchase of arms, ordnance stores, and supplies should be made.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Brevet Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 28, 1861-4.30 p.m.

Governor KIRKWOOD,

Davenport, Iowa:

I have accepted from you four regiments of infantry and one of cavalry. I have also accepted two independent batteries. I write to-day in full.*

SIMON CAMERON.

Secretary of War.

Per J. LESLEY, JR.,

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Albany, N. Y, July 28, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: For our previous organization of troops we had a State law and funds. Both are now exhausted. I do not propose calling the Legislature if it can be avoided, for that would produce delay; but I require specific directions as to the mode of organization and money or Treasury notes placed at my command now, as I wish to get out a general

---------------

*See July 29, p. 364.

---------------

