
order, for which the people all over the State are anxiously waiting, and I have not information whether this 25,000 men are to be enrolled according to Orders, Numbers 15, or under some law of the present Congress. That no time, however, should be lost, I have already contracted for the making of 10,000 suits of uniforms with two parties, 2,500 to be delivered this week, of the best army goods, at $16.50 per suit, and for 20,000 caps, with capes and covers complete, at 75 cents. They are now rapidly at work on all the above. I can procure equipments, underclothing, shoes, and socks, if desired, but if the Government is to provide these things, I should be advised at once. I have unusual facilities now in getting supplies. Our previous contractors are idle, and the Military Board will have no occasion to be connected with this last requisition, and will not be, if the necessary funds are at once supplied, without which and without a perfect understanding, I cannot be expected to proceed. With such, there is nothing i would not do for the Government, and in the most prompt and effective manner which the exigencies require.

Will not the Adjutant-General forward by telegram his order for the organization, and will not the proper authorities place money or Treasury notes at my command? I have no doubt of getting the troops.

I am, very truly, yours,

E. D. MORGAN,

[JULY 29, 1861.- For act of Congress increasing the military establishment of the United States, see General Orders, Numbers 48, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, July 31, p. 372.]

[JULY 29, 1861. - For act of Congress providing for the suppression of the rebellion, &amp;c., see General Orders, Numbers 54, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, August 10, 1861,p. 395.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, July 29, 1861-5.02 p.m.

GEORGE BLISS, JR.,

(Care Governor Morgan, Astor House, New York.)

Secretary will accept two cavalry and two artillery regiments in addition to the quota, but State must arm and equip them. United States will furnish horses.

By order of the Secretary of War:

J. LESLEY, JR.,

Chief Clerk.

PHILADELPHIA, July 29, 1861

JAMES LESLEY, JR.:

Just received European letters. See General Ripley immediately. Impossible to get first delivery under 125 days. Deliveries from 500 to 1,000 or more monthly positively. Government shall have the 10,000 Minies without fail. Get amended order signed by General Ripley, according to this telegram and send by to-night's mail or by McGrath. Answer immediately, to prepare myself for Europe. Not a single Minie to be had under eighteen months.

H. HOLLHAUSEN.

