
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 29, 1861.

Colonel GEORGE L. SCHUYLER,

New York:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the President of the United States has appointed you as a duly authorized agent to purchase arms in Europe for this Department.

In conferring upon you this responsible trust the President relies upon your integrity and discretion to make such purchases of arms as you may deem advisable upon the very lowest terms compatible with the earliest possible delivery.

Brigadier General James W. Ripley has furnished you with an official memorandum of the number and description of arms required. In making your purchases you will be governed as far as practicable by this memorandum.

In arranging shipments you will direct the shipping agents to forward the goods by steamer, consigned to the care of Hiram Barney the U. S. collector of the port of New York.

With the approval of the Secretary of the Treasury I am directed to inform you that you need not make any insurance on the goods purchased as the United States Government, in view of the heavy premium now demanded upon arms, prefers to assume its own risks.

In order to provide for the expense incurred in the purchase of these arms, the Honorable Salmon P. Chase, Secretary of the Treasury, will make the necessary financial arrangements with Baring Brothers, and will forward to you by the steamer which leaves Boston on the 7th August next the necessary credit to entitle you to draw upon them for such amounts as may be necessary.

You are especially requested to keep this Department promptly advised of your movements and purchases, and in all cases to forward duplicate copies of each invoice and each bill of lading; one copy to be sent to the Secretary of War and the other copy to the consignee, Collector Hiram Barney, of New York.

I h be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

Approved July 29, 1861.

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 29, 1861.

Colonel B. F. LARNED,

Paymaster-General:

DEAR SIR: I give below a copy of a telegraphic message sent Governor Curtin on Saturday:

Send disbanded volunteers to the point nearest their respective homes. Paymasters will follow at once and pay them off as fast as possible.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

This dispatch was absolutely necessary the seriously threatened riot at Harrisburg. The Secretary wishes you to instruct the paymasters to follow the troops to their points of destination. this matter requires immediate attention.

I have the honor to be, dear sir, your most obedient servant,

JAS. LESLEY, JR.,

Chief Clerk War Department.

