
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 29, 1861.

Governor KIRKWOOD,

Davenport, Iowa:

SIR: The overwhelming pressure of business has alone prevented an earlier reply by mail to your telegrams. I have accepted through you, as Governor of Iowa, four regiments of infantry and one of cavalry. I have also accepted the battery of Captain Fletcher, and also the battery which is, I understand, now with Dodge's regiment. In addition to these I have accepted one regiment of infantry, to be commanded by Colonel William Vandever, M. C. Assistant Postmaster-General Kasson has expressed the desire that you should accept as one of your four a regiment to be commanded by Colonel Bennett. A similar wish has been expressed by your district attorney, Gurley, in reference to a regiment to be commanded by Colonel Hoffman. In regard to granting these requests I leave the whole matter with yourself, as I have no wish to throw any embarrassments in the way of your prompt action. You will confer a favor by keeping Adjutant-General Thomas promptly advised of your movements. The feeling of encouragement grows stronger, here every day, and nothing has done more to produce the result than the prompt and generous co- operation, which you and other patriotic State Executives have so freely extended.

By order of the Secretary of War:

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

JAS. LESLEY, JR.,

Chief Clerk War Department.

EXECUTIVE MANSION.

July 29, 1861.

Gentlemen of the Kentucky Delegation who are for the Union:

I somewhat wish to authorize my friend, Jesse Bayles, to raise a Kentucky regiment, but I do not wish to do it without your consent. If you consent, please write so at the bottom of this.

Yours, trully,

A. LINCOLN,

We consent.

R. MALLORY

H. GRIDER.

G. W. DUNLAP.

J. S. JACKSON,

C. A. WICKLIFFE.

AUGUST 5, 1861.

I repeat, I would like for Colonel Bayles to raise a regiment of cavalry whenever the Union men of Kentucky desire or consent to it.

A. LINCOLN.

WAR DEPARTMENT.

Washington, July 29, 1861.

Honorable ISRAEL, WASHBURN, JR.,

Governor of Maine:

DEAR SIR: I learn that the First Regiment of Maine Volunteers return to Maine at the expiration of their term of enlistment (August 3), and as I understand they would re-enlist for three years, or the war, I

