
would respectfully request that they be recruited to the necessary standard, and the regiment report itself at Washington, ready for duty at the earliest possible date. Their efficiency of drill and experience of the last three months give them great advantage over fresh recruits, and I hope you will consider the importance of securing their services for the Government at once.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 29, 1861.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

July 29, 1861.

Governor OLDEN,

Trenton, N. J.:

I have the honor to transmit herewith a letter from the President, with the indorsement of the Secretary of War. This Department will accept from you, in addition to the three-years' regiments now in the field five new regiments if tendered within a reasonable time. I do not doubt that your patriotic State will promptly furnish the men. Colonel Nathan T. Higbie, of Burlington, N. J., would be pleased to have you accept a regiment to be commanded by him as one of these new additional regiments, or you will please accept his regiment as additional to the above five. I trust you will lose not time in equipping and forwarding these regiments, as the Government needs them at the earliest moment.

I have the honor to be, dear sir, respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

WASHINGTON, D. C., July 24, 1861.

The GOVERNOR OF NEW JERSEY:

SIR: Together with the regiments of three-years' volunteers which the Government already has in service from your State, enough to make eight in all, if tendered in a reasonable time will be accepted, the new regiments to be taken, as far as convenient from the three-months' men and officers just discharged, and to be organized, equipped, and sent forward as fast as single regiments are ready, on the same terms as were those already in the service from that State.

Your obedient servant,

A. LINCOLN,

[Indorsement.]

This order is entered in the War Department, and the Governor of New Jersey is authorized to furnish the regiments with wagons and horses.

S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

HARRISBURG, July 29, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON:

The paymasters have commenced paying the troops and a better state of feeling has been produced. Difficulties are occurring as to the order of payment. The regiments first arriving claim preference. It is said

