
the rolls of others arriving later are ready first. I suggest that you ask or order the Paymaster-General to telegraph the paymasters some directions that they can publish that will avoid any return of violence to-morrow. I suggest that more force is required in payment here-one or two additional paymasters.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, July 29, 1861-12.16 p.m.

Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg:

Paymaster-General went to Harrisburg this morning and will, I trust arrange all to your entire satisfaction.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, July 30, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I herewith transmit for the files of your Department a copy of correspondence between this Department and the Governor of New York relative to volunteers.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] ALBANY, July 28, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD:

Your telegram of 27th received. You have seen my proclamation of 25th. Before my general order can be issued further information from the War Department is necessary. Does the Government expect the 25,000 men to be organized in the manner provided by General Orders, Numbers 15, or under some law of the present Congress? Let your instructions be specific. Let the expenditure already made by this State remain undisturbed for the present. I desire now, for the specific object of raising the 25,000 troops, that Treasury notes or funds be placed in hands of some disbursing officer of General Government or of myself to pay current disbursements for this object.

Answer by telegraph and also by mail.

E. D. MORGAN,

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] DEPARTMENT OF STATE, Washington, July 29, 1861.

His Excellency EDWIN D. MORGAN,

Governor of the State of New York, Albany:

Your letter and dispatch have been received. The 25,000 men are to be organized under General Orders, Numbers 15. The expenditures already made by New York State remain undisturbed for the present. You will make requisitions on Assistant Quartermaster-General Tompkins,

