
demands are made for expenditures on fortifications in the field (almost $50,000 have already been expended in this neighborhood) that the amount available for contingencies of fortifications will son be exhausted, and I recommend that application be now made to Congress for a grant of $200,000 for these purposes. I beg leave to refer to an application for such an appropriation just received from Major Barnard, chief engineer, serving with these armies, and forwarded to you this day with my earnest recommendation.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. LESLEY, JR.,

Chief Clerk War Department.

INDIANAPOLIS, July 30, 1861.

JAMES LESLEY, JR.:

The paymasters refuse to pay chaplains for the returned three- months' regiments. They rendered faithful service, and I think should be paid. The Nineteenth, Twentieth, and Twenty-first Regiments move to-morrow morning. Where shall they go?

O. P. MORTON,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT.

Washington, July 30, 1861

Honorable ALVIN SAUNDERS,

Governor of Nebraska Territory, Omaha:

The two companies of cavalry which you have tendered are accepted for three years or the war, provided you have them ready for marching orders in thirty days. This acceptance is with the distinct understanding that this Department will revoke the commissions of all officers who may be found incompetent for the proper discharge of their duties. You will promptly advise Adjutant-General Thomas, at Washington, the date at which the companies will be ready for mustering, and he will detail an officer for that purpose.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAS. LESLEY, JR.,

Chief Clerk War Department.

WAR DEPARTMENT.

Washington, July 30, 1861

His Excellency EDWIN D. MORGAN,

Governor of the State of New York, Albany:

SIR: The President desires you to furnish for a service of two years the Twelfth, Thirteenth, Nineteenth, and Twenty-sixth Regiments, and Companies A, B, C, D, and E, of the Twentieth Regiment of New York Volunteers, with the field and staff officers of the same regiments, all of which have heretofore been mustered into the service of the United States for three months only.

I have the honor to be, Your Excellency's very obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON.

Secretary of War.

