
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, July 30, 1861.

Honorable EDWIN D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York, Albany:

SIR: The Department accepts from you, as the Executive of the State of New York, in addition to the twenty-five regiments which you have called out by official proclamation, two regiments of cavalry and two regiments of artillery.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, General HDQRS. STATE OF NEW YORK. ADJUTANT- GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 78. Albany, July 30, 1861

The President of the United States having made a requisition on the State of New York for 25,000 additional volunteers to serve for three years or during the war, the following regulations for their organization are hereby published:

1. There will be twenty-five regiments, numbered from forty- three to sixty-seven, both inclusive, one of which will be organized as artillery, with six batteries of four guns each. Detailed instructions for the artillery will be published hereafter.

2. Each infantry regiment will consist of ten companies, and each company will be organized as follows: One captain, 1 first lieutenant, 1 second lieutenant, 1 first sergeant, 4 sergeant, 8 corporals, 2 musicians, 1 wagoner, and not less than 64 or more than 82 privates; maximum aggregate, 101.

3. Each regiment will be organized as follows:

Minimum: 830 company officers and enlisted men, 1 colonel, 1 colonel, 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 major, 1 adjutant (a lieutenant) 1 regimental quartermaster (a lieutenant), 1 surgeon, 1 assistant surgeon, 1 chaplain, 1 sergeant-major, 1 regimental quartermaster-sergeant, 1 regimental commissary-sergeant, 1 hospital steward, 2 principal musicians, 24 musicians for band; aggregate, 868.

Maximum: 1,010 company officers and enlisted men, 1 colonel, 1 lieutenant-colonel, 1 major, 1 adjutant (a lieutenant), 1 regimental quartermasters (a lieutenant), 1 surgeon, 1 chaplain, 1 sergeant-major, 1 regimental quartermaster-sergeant, 1 regimental commissary-sergeant, 1 hospital steward, 2 principal musicians, 24 musicians for band; aggregate, 1,048.

4. There will be three depots at which the volunteers will assemble; One in New York City, to be commanded by Brigadier- General Yates; one at Albany to be commanded by Brigadier-General Rathbone, and one at Elmira, to be commanded by Brigadier- General Van Valkenburgh.

5. When thirty-two or more persons shall present their application to the commandant of a depot for a company organization, he will appoint an inspector to make an inspection, and after the above number of able-bodied men, between the ages of eighteen and forty-five (minors having exhibited the written consent of their parents or guardians),have been inspected by him, the inspector will certify the result thereof to such commandant, by whose order transportation to his depot will be provided. On their arrival there they will be examined by the medical examiner of the depot, and quarters and subsistence will be furnished.

24 R R-SERIES III, VOL I

