
assure you that they will take any needful steps to prepare for a march of our full share of men. Two brigadier-generals of the active volunteer militia have already tendered their services.

The general state of our militia is given in my address to the Legislature, of which I have had the honor to send you a copy.

I shall send you this note under cover to Senator Wilson, who, form his former services, is familiar with the militia fo this Commonwealth, and may be able to answer injuries on your part which I cannot distinctly anticipate.

With eh fervent hope that your health and life may be continued for the sake fo the country you have so long and so ably saved, and that the country may find a happy and Honorable escape form present dangers, I am, with great respect, your most obedient servant,*

JOHN A. ANDREW.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, January 12, 1861.

Honorable JOSEPH HOLT,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: The special committee to whom was referred the President's message of the 9th instant+ have directed me to inclosed to you a copy of their instructions, and to respectfully request that you will communicate any information upon any of the subjects mentioned in your possession not in your opinion inconsistent with the public service. The committee earnelsty desire to aid and not embarrass the Executive Departments in upholding the Constitution and the laws. We desire you to communicate such facts only as will enable the House to act intelligently and efficiently in sustaining the Constitution and the laws.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. A. HOWARD,

Chairman.

[inclosure Numbers 1.]

THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, January, 1861.

On motion of Mr. Leake--

Resolved, That the committee of five to which the special message of the President of the United States was this day referred with certain instructions, be instructed also to inquire whether any of the arms of the United States at any of the arsenals or armories have recently been removed or ordered to be removed, and, if so, by whose order and for what reasons.

Attest:

J. W. FORNEY,

Clerk.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

THIRTY-SIXTH CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, January 9, 1861.

On motion of Mr. William A. Howard--

Resolved, That the message this day received form the President of the United States be referred to a special committee of five members of

---------------

*Answer, if any, not found.

+See "The Congressional Globe," Part I, p. 294.

---------------

