
chief. When a person designated as an officer shall be found not qualified, another nomination will be made instead. When no nomination shall be made to the commander-in-chief, he will fill the vacancy.

18. When regiments are duly organized according to the above regulations they will be presented for muster into the service of the United States. Care will be taken to send one muster-roll to the adjutant-general of the State.

19. The following extracts from General Orders, Numbers 15, from the War Department, will be deemed a part of this order:

The officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates organized as above set forth, will in all respects, be placed on the footing as to pay and allowances of similar corps of the Regular Army: Provided, that their allowances for clothing shall be $2.50 per month for infantry.

Every volunteer non-commissioned officer, private musician, and artificer who enters the service of the United States under this plan shall be paid at the rate of 50 cents, and if a cavalry volunteer, 25 cents additional, in lie of forage for every twenty-miles of travel from his home to the place of muster, the distance to be measured by the shortest usually traveled route; and when honorably discharged an allowance, at the same rate, from the place of his discharge to his home, and in addition thereto the sum of $100.

Any volunteer who may be received into the service of the United States under this plan, and who may be wounded or otherwise disabled in the service, shall be entitled to the benefits which have been or may be conferred on persons disabled in the regular service, and the legal heirs of such as die or may be killed in service, in addition to all arrears of pay and allowances, shall receive the sum of $100.

The bands of the regiments of infantry will be paid as follows; One-fourth of each will receive the pay and allowances of sergeants of engineer soldiers; one-fourth those of corporals of engineer soldiers, and the remaining half, those privates of engineer soldiers of the first class.

The wagons and saddlers will receive the pay and allowances of corporals of cavalry.

The regimental commissary-sergeant will receive, the pay and allowances of a regimental sergeant-major; the company quartermaster-sergeant will receive the pay and allowances of regimental sergeant-major; the company quartermaster-sergeant, they pay and allowances of a sergeant of cavalry.

By order of the commander-in-chief:

DUNCAN CAMPBELL.

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT

Washington, July 30, 1861.

Governor WILLIAM SPRAGUE,

Rhode Island:

You are hereby authorized and empowered to furnish two regiments of infantry and two batteries of light artillery complete for the service of the United States from the State of Rhode Island in accordance with general orders relating to organizing and officering volunteer regiments and the regulation for the formation of batteries of light artillery. They will be mustered into the service of the United States in Providence, R. I., upon application to any U. S. mustering officer. The Quartermaster, Ordnance, and Commissary Departments will furnish such arms, equipments and supplies as may be required upon the requisition of Governor William Sprague, or may make such arrangements through him with the State of Rhode Island for furnishing the same as may be most advantageous for the public service. The above-mentioned regiments and batteries before and after being mustered into the service, will be under the command of Governor Sprague till otherwise ordered.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERONO,

Secretary of War.

