
[JULY 31, 1861. - For act of Congress making appropriation to supply with arms loyal citizens of States in rebellion, see Statutes at Large, Vol. 12, p. 283.]

[JULY 31, 1861. - For act of Congress making apparition for the purchase of arms for the volunteers and regular troops of the United States, see Statutes, see Statuses at Large, Vol. 12, p. 283.]

[JULY 31, 1861. - For act of Congress defining and punishing certain conspiracies, see Statutes at Large, Vol. 12 p. 284.]

AN ACT authorizing the Secretary of War to reimburse volunteers for expenses incurred in employing regimental and other bands and for other purposes.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the

United States of America in Congress assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby, authorized and directed to refund, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, to the volunteers called out by the President's proclamation of the 15th of April, 1861 such sums of money as may have been expended by the said volunteers in the employment of regimental or company bands during the period of their service under said proclamation: Provided, The amount to be allowed shall not exceed that to be paid to be allowed shall not exceed that to be paid to volunteer bans regularly mustered into the service under the President's proclamation of May 3, 1861.

SECTION 2. And be it further enacted, That the President, in accepting and organizing volunteers under the act entitled "An act to authorize the employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting, public property," approved July 22, 1861, may accept the service of such volunteers without previous proclamation and in such numbers from any State or States, as in his discretion, the public service may require.

Approved July 31, 1861.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT. ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 48. Washington, July 31, 1861

I. The following act of Congress is published for the information of the Army:

AN ACT to increase the present military establishment of the United States.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That there shall be added to the Regular Army as now authorized by law nine regiments of infantry, one regiment of cavalry, and one regiment of artillery; each regiment of infantry to consist of not less than two nor more than three battalions, as the exigencies of the public service may, in the opinion of the President of the United States, demand; each battalion to consist of eight companies; each company to consist of one captain one first and one second lieutenant, one first sergeant, four sergeants, eight corporals, two musicians and as many privates, not exceeding eighty-two, as the President of the United States may, according to the requirements of military service, direct. The regiment of cavalry hereby authorized shall consist of not more than three battalions of not more than two

