
squadrons each, and each squadron shall consist of two companies, each company to be composed of one captain, one first and one second lieutenant, one first sergeant, one quartermaster- sergeant, four sergeants, eight corporals, two musicians, two farriers, one saddler, one wagoner, and as many privates, not exceeding seventy-two, as the President of the United States may, according to the requirements of the military service, direct. The regiment of artillery hereby authorized shall consist of not more than twelve batteries; and each battery shall consist of one captain, one first and one second lieutenant, one first sergeant, one quartermaster-sergeant, four sergeants, eight corporals, two musicians two artificers, one wagoner, and as many privates, not exceeding one hundred and twenty-two, as the President of the United States may, according to the requirements of the military service, direct. And there may be added to the aforesaid battery organization, at the discretion of the President, having due regard to the public necessities, and means, one first and one second lieutenant, two sergeants, and four corporals.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That the field and staff commissioned and non-commissioned officers of the regiments hereinbefore authorized shall be as follows: To each regiment of infantry, one colonel, one lieutenant-colonel, one regimental adjutant one regimental quartermaster and commissary one drum major, or leader of the band, and two principal musicians and to each battalion of infantry, one major, one battalion adjutant, one battalion quartermaster and commissary, one sergeant-major, one quartermaster-sergeant, one commissary-sergeant, and one hospital steward: the regimental and battalion adjutants, and quartermasters, and commissaries, to be taken from the lieutenants of the regiments and battalions, respectively. To the regiment of cavalry, one colonel, one lieutenant-colonel, one regimental adjutant, one regimental quartermaster and commissary, and two chief buglers; and to each battalion of cavalry, one major, one battalion adjutant, one battalion quartermaster and commissary, one sergeant-major, one quartermaster-sergeant, one commissary-sergeant, one hospital steward, one saddler-sergeant, and one veterinary-sergeant, the regimental adjutant and battalion quartermasters and commissaries to be taken from the lieutenants of the regiments and battalions, respectively. To the regiment of artillery, one colonel, one lieutenant-colonel, one major to every four batteries, one adjutant, one regimental quartermaster and commissary, to be taken from the lieutenants of the regiment one sergeant-major, one quartermaster-sergeant, one commissary-sergeant two principal musicians, and one hospital steward-and the bands of the regular regiments shall consist of not more than twenty-four musicians for each regiment of infantry and artillery, and sixteen musicians for each regiment of mounted troops.

SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That there shall be added to the Army of the United States the following general officers, namely; Four Major-Generals, with three aides-de-camp each, to be taken from captains or lieutenants of the Army, and six brigadier-generals, with two aides-de-camp each to be taken from the lieutenants of the Army.

SEC. 4. And be it further enacted. That the officers and enlisted men raised in pursuance of the foregoing sections shall receive the same pay, emoluments, and allowances and be on the same footing in every respect with those of corresponding grades and corps now in the regular service. The regimental bands will be paid as follows: One-fourth of each the pay and allowances of sergeants of engineer soldiers; one-fourth, those of corporals of engineer soldiers, and one-half, those of engineer soldiers of the first class. The drum major or leader of

