
WASHINGTON, July 31, 1861.

Governor O. P. MORTON,

Indianapolis, Ind.:

Paymasters are directed to pay to chaplains of volunteers the same pay as to regular chaplains. Let their be paid. The direction of movement of troops is referred to General Scott, who will telegraph you.

SIMON CAMERON.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT

Saint Johnsburg, Vt. July 31, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have issued orders for enlisting two more regiments of volunteers, and have been solicited to add to these two companies of artillery. Not being sufficiently informed as to the desirableness of such an organization, of inexperienced, troops for the U. S. service, I write to solicit information and advice from your Department. It has been suggested that instead of artillery corps to be attached to these infantry regiments it would be better too attach to each an engineer corps, consisting of one captain, two lieutenants, five sergeants and forty corporals and men each corps to be armed with five rifled cannon, attaching to each cannon a sergeant and eight men, or perhaps adding a howitzer and an additional number of men, the pieces to be light, requiring no horses.

Please briefly reply, and oblige, sir, you obedient servant,

ERASTUS FAIRBANKS.

WASHINGTON, August 1, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

(Through Adjutant-General U. S. Army.)

SIR: I have the honor to submit the following project for the organization of a signal corps to serve during the present war, and to have the charge of all the telegraphic duty of the Army. The expense of the organization is trivial compared with the value of the results it is hoped to attain. The necessity of some organization the members of which shall be responsible for the proper performance of the telegraphic duties of the Army is already felt with our forces. The existence of such corps in other services shows their necessity admitted by them. It is contemplated that every officer of the proposed corps shall be a thorough telegraphist, practiced in the use of both aerial and electric signals able to avail himself of either and competent of himself to direct the construction and to work the apparatus needed for either. The organization of a signal corps renders its members responsible under military rule, and secures for them a thousand advantages for co-operation with officers of the Army in the field. The limited period of the service provides that no expense shall be thrown upon the Government, by the employment of officers not longer needed. I would suggest the following enactment by Congress:

Be it enacted, That the President be authorized to appoint, by and with the consent and advice of the Senate of the United States, the following officers, to serve during the present, war or for such times as their services may be deemed necessary by the President viz;

Two assistant signal officers, with the rank, pay, and allowances of captains of cavalry; these officers to be thoroughly instructed in the use of aerial and electric

