
signals. Five assistant signal officers, with the rank, pay, and allowances of first lieutenants of cavalry; these officers to be similarly instructed, and to serve for like period. Forty warrant officers, with the rank of cadet and the pay of $50 per month, with the allowance of one ration per day, one room when in quarters, and forage for one horse-these allowances to be commutable in the same manner as the allowances of officers of the Army. These warrant officers to be skillful telegraphic operators, and to be instructed in the use of aerial signals, to receive their warrants to serve during the war unless sooner discharged by the President of the United States. Forty signal artificers, who shall be enlisted to serve during the war, with the pay of $20 per month and one ration per day, and who shall be employed as line builders and repaired and as artificers, and shall further be instructed in such telegraphic duties as may be necessary.

And be it further enacted, That there be appropriated for the manufacture, purchase, or construction of telegraphic apparatus for the use of the Army, and the procuring the necessary articles for working the same, the sum of $50,000.

The above plan is based upon the supposition, that the Army of the United States will number 500,000 men. It is intended that each division of the Army be accompanied by its corps of telegraphists or signal men, and that it be equipped with suitable apparatus and the appurtenances for both fixed and movable field telegraph and for the use of aerial and electric signals. Instead of fixing the number "forty warrant officers, or operators, and forty signals artificers," those clauses may be read" So many warrant officers as in the opinion of the President of the United States may be necessary for the service," and 'So many signal artificers as in the opinion of the President of the United States may be necessary for the service."

I have deemed it my duty to lay before you these suggestions.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,,

ALBERT J. MYER,

Signal Officer, U. S. Army.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 1, 1861.*

Governor C. S. OLDEN,

Trenton, N. J.:

SIR: This Department has accepted a regiment offered by Colonel A. J. Johnson, of Newark, and also authorized him to organize a company of artillery. You may consider the regiment as a part of the force called for from your State. If, however, your quota is already complete, this will be accepted as an additional regiment if you desire.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAMES LESLEY, JR.,

Chief Clerk War Department.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Albany, N. Y., August 1, 1861

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your valued favor of the 30th ultimo, stating that your Department accepts, in addition to the twenty-five regiments called for by my proclamation of the 25th ultimo, based upon the requisition of the President, two regiments of cavalry and two regiments of artillery.

I am, with high regard, yours, &amp;c.,

E. D. MORGAN,

---------------

*Canceled; for letter under correct date see p. 438.

---------------

