
organize into a battalion or corps, under command of a major, who you will appoint, who will report to the Adjutant-General for further orders.

I am, &amp;c.,

SIMON CAMERON.

Secretary of War.

WHEELING, August 1, 1861

Honorable JOHN S. CARLILE,

Washington:

I have received no call from the President for any definite number of troops. I want you to procure an order from the War Department on the Executive of Virginia, for eight regiments of infantry and two of cavalry. Act immediately. The service demands this immediately.

PEIRPOINT.

Governor.

[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 2, 1861.

Respectfully referred to the War Department.

A. L.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 1, 1861.

Brigadier General W. S. ROSECRANS,

Clarksburg, Va.:

You are authorized to muster in more companies of Virginia militia to act as local guard of railroad bridges, &c., as desired, if the men can be relied on for loyalty. Two hundred copies of regulations and the same number of tactics will be sent immediately with an assortment of blanks by express.

By order.

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPT., QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 2, 1861.

Honorable HENRY WILSON,

U. S. Senate:

SIR: I perceive by the morning papers that bill Numbers 43, styled a bill to prevent frauds by officers intrusted with making contracts, has passed the Senate, certain amendments, not specified, made by the House of Representatives having been concurred in.

I know the responsibility attaching to any Government officer who ventures to argue against a bill whose object is stated as the prevention of frauds, but it is my duty to say to you that if the conditions in regard to contracts imposed by this bill become law the country may as well at once yield to the Southern rebels all they ask.

They are directed by one mind, prompt, strong, determined, bold. They are not distracted by divided counsels; are not restrained by rules, regulations, laws, customs, precedents, all the paraphernalia which the good sense of the people has designated as red tape.

