
this House, and that they be instructed to report on the same as early as possible; and that said committee make immediate inquiry and report-

First. Whether any executive officer of the United States has been or is now treating or holding communication with any person or persons concerning the surrender of any forts or fortresses or public property of the United States, and whether any demand for such surrender has been made, and when and by whom and what answer has been given.

Second. Whether any officer of this Government has at any time entered into any pledge, agreement, or understanding with any person or persons not to send re-enforcement to the forts of the United States in the harbor at Charleston, and the particulars of such agreement, pledge, or understanding; when, where, and with whom it was made, and on what consideration.

Third. What demand for re-enforcement of the said forts has been made, and for what reason such re-enforcement have not been furnished.

Fourth. Where the ships of the United States are now stationed, with what commands, and with what orders.

Fifth. Whether the custom-house, post-office, arsenal, and other public buildings of the United States at Charleston have been seized and are held in possession by any person or persons, and the particulars of such seizure and possession.

Sixth. Whether any revenue cutter of the United States has been seized and is now held in possession by any person or persons,and the particulars thereof; and whether any efforts have been made by the head fo the Treasury Department to recapture or recover possession of said vessel; and that the committed have power to send for persons and papers and to take testimony.

Attest:

J. W. FORNEY,

Clerk.

BALIN, January 12, 1861.

Honorable JAMES UCHANNA:

DEAR SIR: Not knowing how soon your honor will need the services of the uniformed volunteers to suppress the Southern fire-eating disunionist, we hereby tender the services of our company, subject to your orders. The following are the names of our members; we number about forty-four members.

JOHN A. WILSON,

Captain Washington Artillery.

[AND SEVENTEEN OTHERS.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 15, 1861.

Honorable B. STANTION,

Chairman Committee on Military Affairs, House of Representatives:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 11th instant, I have the honor to inclose to you a report of the Chief of Ordnance, communicating the information desired by your committee touching the distribution of arms from the armories to the arsenals in the Southern States during the year 1860.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOLT,

Secretary of War ad interim.

