
WASHINGTON, August 2, 1861-10.55 a.m.

Governor DENNISON,

Columbus, Ohio:

You are authorized to raise five additional regiments to be sent to General Fremont as you desire. When the men are mustered, orders will be given by Adjutant-General.

By order of the Secretary of War:

J. LESLEY, JR.,.

Chief Clerk.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 2, 1861

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Your telegram authorizing five regiments to be sent to General Fremont received. Will you name and give leave of absence to five Army officeres whom I may appoint as colonels of these regiments? I want energetic men, graduates of West Point. Under their auspices the regiments can be organized in a short time. The country demands educated military men at the head of regiments, and I fully concur.

WM. DENNISON.

Governor.

[AUGUST 3, 1861. - For act of Congress providing for the purchase of arms, ordnance, and ordnance stores, see Statutes at Large, Vol. 12, p. 286]

[AUGUST 3, 1861. - For act of Congress providing for the better organization of the military establishment, see General Orders, Numbers 54, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, August 10, 1861, p. 395.]

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 49. Washington, August 3, 1861

I. The following acts of Congress are published for the information of the Army:

AN ACT to authorize the employment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws and protecting public property.

Whereas certain of the forts, arsenals, custom-houses, navy- yards, and other property of the United States, have been seized, and other violations of law have been committed and are threatened by organized bodies of men in several of the States, and a conspiracy has been entered into to overthrow the Government of the United States: Therefore,

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the President be, and he is hereby, authorized to accept the services of volunteers, either as cavalry, infantry, or artillery, in such numbers, not exceeding 500,000, as he may deem necessary, for the purpose of repelling invasion, suppressing insurrection, enforcing the laws, and preserving and protecting the public property: Provided, That the services of the volunteers shall be for such time as the President may direct, not exceeding three

