
SEC. 5. And be it further enacted, That the officers non- commissioned officers, and privates, organized as above set forth, shall, in all respects, be placed on the footing, as to pay and allowances, of similar corps of the Regular Army: Provided, That the allowances of non-commissioned officers and privates for clothing, when not furnished in kind, shall be $3.50 per month, and that each company officer, non-commissioned officer, private, musician, and artificer of cavalry shall furnish his own horse and horse equipments, and shall receive 40 cents per day for their use and risk, except that in case the horse shall become disabled., or shall die, the allowance shall cease until the disability be removed or another horse be supplied. Every volunteer non-commissioned officer, private, musician, and artificer who enters the service of the United States under this act shall be paid at the rate of 50 cents in lieu of subsistence and if a cavalry volunteer, 25 cents additional, in lieu of forage, for every twenty miles of travel from his place of enrollment to the place of muster, the distance to be measured by the shortest usually traveled route; and when honorably discharged an allowance at the same rate from place of his discharge to his place of enrollment, and, in addition thereto, if he shall have served for a period of two years, or during the war, if sooner ended, the sum of $100: Provided, That such of the companies of cavalry herein provided for as may require it may be furnished with horses and horse equipments in the same manner as in the U. S. Army.

SEC. 6. And be it further enacted. That any volunteer who may be received into the service of the United States under this act, and who may be wounded or otherwise disabled in the service, shall be entitled to the benefits which have been or may be conferred on persons disabled in the regular service; and the widow, if there be one, and if not, the legal heirs of such as die or may be killed in service, in addition to all arrears of pay and allowances, shall receive the sum of $100.

SEC. 7. And be it further enacted, That the bands of the regiments of infantry and of the regiments of cavalry shall be paid as follows: One-fourth of each shall receive the pay and allowances of sergeants of engineer soldiers; one-fourth those of corporals of engineer soldiers; and the remaining half, those of privates of engineer soldiers of the first class; and the leaders of the band shall receive the same pay and emoluments as second lieutenants of infantry.

SEC. 8. And be it further enacted, That the wagoners and saddlers shall receive the pay and allowances of corporals of cavalry. The regimental commissary-sergeant shall receive the pay and allowances of regimental sergeant-major, and the regimental quartermaster-sergeant shall receive the pay and allowances of a sergeant of cavalry.

SEC. 9. And be it further enacted. That there shall be allowed to each regiment one chaplain, who shall be appointed by the regimental commander on the vote of the field officers and company commanders on duty with the regiment at the time the appointment shall be made. The chaplain so appointed must be a regular ordained minister of a Christian denomination, and shall receive the pay and allowances of a captain of cavalry, and shall be required to report to the colonel commanding the regiment to which he is attached, at the end of each quarter, the moral and religious condition of the regiment, and such suggestions as may conduce to the social happiness and moral improvement of the troops.

SEC. 10, And be it further enacted, That the general commanding a separate department or a detached army is hereby authorized to appoint a military board or commission of not less than three nor more than

