
III. Paragraphs 3 of General Orders, Numbers 45, from this office, dated July 19, 1861, which prohibits volunteers who do not speak the English language from being mustered into service, is not intended to apply to regiments or companies of foreign nationality-in which men and officers speak the same tongue-but to prevent the enlistment into regiments or companies whose officers speak the English language only of men not understanding it, and to induce such persons to enlist under officers whose language they do understand.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 3, 1861

Honorable WILLIAM A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor of Connecticut:

SIR: In concurrence with Brigadier-General Tuyler, you are hereby authorized to raise from the First, Second, and Third Regiments of Connecticut Volunteers, now discharged or about to be discharged from the service of the United States, one regiment of infantry for three years, or during the war, the officers to be appointed by yourself and the regiment to be received as a part of the quota of the State of Connecticut. The regiment may be concentrated for mustering in such part or parts of the State of Connecticut as you may direct, of which Adjutant-General Thomas, at Washington, should be promptly informed, and he will detail an officer for that purpose. All officers to be subject to examination by a military tribunal approved by this Department.

By order of the Secretary of War:

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. LESLEY, JR.,

Chief Clerk War Department.

WAR DEPARTMENT.

Washington City, August 3, 1861-10.03 a.m.

Governor KIRKWOOD,

Davenport, Iowa:

The Department accepts the battery of light artillery commanded by Captain Adel Schirmer. Your arrangement of rendezvous is satisfactory.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAMES LESLEY, JR.,

Chief Clerk.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Trenton, N. J., August 3, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The State of New Jersey will furnish, equip, and forward as soon as possible five additional regiments of infantry, to serve during the war, in accordance with the request of the President and your instructions. The regiments will be reported separately as each is equipped and ready to move.

Your obedient servant,

CHS. S. OLDEN,

25 R R-SERIES III, VOL I

