
ALBANY, N. Y., August 3, 1861

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Your request has been complied with. Sixteen rifled guns have been delivered by the commissary-general of New York to Major Hagner, to be forwarded to the seat of war.

E. D. MORGAN,

Governor.

WASHINGTON, August 3, 1861-8.52 p.m.

Governor MORGAN,

Albany, N. Y.:

Your dispatch received. Many thanks for your promptness in regard to the guns.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT.

Washington, August 3, 1861

Governor EDWIN D. MORGAN,

Albany, N. Y.:

SIR: This Department has already authorized you to raise and organize 25,000 volunteers. The expenditures incurred in the organization will be provided for by the various bureaus of the War Department, from the proper appropriations, upon requisitions from you as Governor of the State of New York. To protect the Department and to insure payment you will have all items of expenditure duly certified by proper vouchers, and classified under the following heads:

1. Cost of transportation from place of enrollment to rendezvous.

2. Subsistence on the route.

3. Rations at rendezvous.

4. Equipment in accordance with Army Regulations; price and quality to be approved by the Quartermaster-General.

5. Uniforms in accordance with Army Regulations; price and quality to be approved by the Quartermaster-General.

6. Incidental expenses of depots.

7. Compensation of commandants of depots, aides, and officers of Department engaged in the organization, as authorized by the proper bureau.

8. Transportation by shortest route, not to exceed two cents per mile.

9. Use of barracks and quarters.

10. Tents.

11. Pay of volunteers until delivered to U. S. authorities.

12. Funds for incidental expenses referred to, to be placed in hands of some officer to be designated by the Governor of New York, who shall give bonds for the faithful application and disbursement of same.

Arms will be provided by the Ordnance Bureau upon the proper requisition.

Payment of requisition to be made at the option of the Government by drafts upon the U. S. Treasury in Treasury notes, bearing 6 per cent, interest.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

Acting Secretary of War.

