
[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 8, 1861.

The requisitions for equipment and other expenses occurring under the general order will be approved by the Secretary of War without the condition or option of paying in Treasury notes.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 3, 1861-10 a.m.

WILLIAM DENNISON,

Governor of Ohio, Columbus:

The transfer of officers from the Regular Army cannot be granted by this Department.

SIMON CAMERON.

WAR DEPARTMENT.

August 3, 1861-5.32 p.m.

Governor DENNISON, Columbus, Ohio:

Your message relative to pay and discharge of soldiers was referred to proper departments. Paymasters have been detailed and are now in Columbus. Colonel Carrington has authority to muster out, and through his quartermaster provide quarters and subsistence so long as the men may be in service. Instructions have been given in regard to the rolls by which the men can be promptly paid.

SIMON CAMERON.

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT.

Washington, August 3, 1861

Honorable ERASTUS FAIRBANKS,

Governor of Vermont, Saint Johnsbury;

SIR: You are authorized to organize two batteries of artillery, six guns each, to serve for three years, or during the war, if they are ready for marching orders in forty days.

This acceptance is with the distinct understanding that this Department will revoke the commissions of all officers who may be found incompetent for the proper discharge of their duties. Please cause Adjutant-General Thomas, at Washington to be promptly informed of the date when the men will be ready for mustering, and he will detail an officer for that purpose.

By order of the Secretary of War:

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

JAS. LESLEY, JR.,

Chief Clerk War Department.

WASHINGTON, August 3, 1861-8.54 p.m.

Governor F. H. PEIRPOINT,

Wheeling, Va.:

You are authorized to raise and organize eight regiments of infantry and two regiments of cavalry. Official letter goes forward to-morrow by mail.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAMES LESLEY, JR.,

Chief Clerk War Department.

