
HARRISBURG, August 6, 1861.

Colonel THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War:

I understand a law was passed a few days since requiring all acceptances of troops to come through the Governor of the State. By the newspapers I notice that you accepted Ballier's regiment since (by dates given) the passage of the law. How is this? Merely intended to nudge your memory.

JOHN A. WRIGHT.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 6, 1861

Colonel JOHN A. WRIGHT,

Harrisburg:

We know of no such law. We have accepted twice as many from individual colonels as from State Executives.

J. LESLEY, JR.,

Chief Clerk War Department.

AUGUST 7, 1861.

By the fifty-seventh article of the act of Congress entitled "An act for establishing rules and articles for the government of the armies of the United States," approved April 10, 1806, holding correspondence with, or giving intelligence to the enemy, either directly or indirectly, is made punishable by death, or such other punishment as shall ordered by the sentence of a court- martial. Public safety requires strict enforcement of this article.

It is therefore ordered that all correspondence and communication, verbally, or by writing, printing, or telegraphing, respecting operations of the Army or military movements on land or water, or respecting the troops, camps, arsenals, entrenchments or military affairs within the several military district, by which intelligence shall be directly or indirectly given to the enemy without the authority and sanction of the major-general in command, be, and the same are, absolutely prohibited, and from and after the date of this order persons violating the same will be proceeded against under the Fifty-seventh Article of War.

SIMON CAMERON.

Approved:

A. LINCOLN.

NEW YORK, August 7, 1861,

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

The numerous skeleton organizations in this city creates unnecessary competition for men,and there are no full regiments ready.

E. D. MORGAN,

Governor

PROVIDENCE, August 7, 1861.

JAMES LESLEY, JR.:

In a week or ten days hope to have the regiments ready.

WM. SPRAGUE,

Governor.

