
ALBANY, August 7, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON, Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the annexed order, a copy of which has been forwarded to the commandants of each of the five regiments that were mustered into the service of the United States for three months only, viz, the Twelfth, Thirteenth, Nineteenth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-sixth New York State Volunteers; also to Colonel Weber, Twentieth Regiment New York State Volunteers a portion of which regiments were mustered for the same time; the number of the regiment, name of the colonel, and date of muster of course varying in each order. Copies of each were transmitted to the Adjutant-General of the U. S. Army, Washington,

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. CAMPBELL,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, General HDQRS. ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 321. Albany, N. Y., August 2, 1861

His Excellency the President desiring the further service of the Twelfth Regiment New York State Volunteers, and having made requisitions upon the Governor of this State therefor, Colonel Walrath is hereby directed, on the expiration of the term for which such regiment was mustered into the service of the United States (August 13, 1861.) to report with his command to the Adjutant-General of the U. S. Army, for duty under the order of the United States Government, for the remainder of the term of enlistment of the regiment into the service of the State of New York.

By order of the commander-in-chief.

WAR DEPARTMENT

Washington, August 8, 1861.

Honorable SALMON P. CHASE,Secretary of the Treasury:

SIR: Major P. V. Hagner, of the Ordnance Department, has been appointed agent for purchasing for the Government all the good arms he can find in New York. As arms are generally bought by him in bond, I request that general authority be given for the admission, duty free, of all the arms he may so purchase, for the United States on his producing evidence that they have been purchased for Government use exclusively and so delivered.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT. ADJT., GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 53. Washington, August 8, 1861.

I. Paragraph 3 of General Orders, Numbers 45, from this office, dated July 19, 1861, having been misunderstood, it is hereby repealed. But volunteers are advised to enlist under officers whose language they speak and understand.

* * * * *

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

