
SPRINGFIELD, August 8, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON:

Charles H. Adams, who was a lieutenant-colonel in one of the Cairo regiments tenders a regiment to be composed principally of three-months' men who did not re-enlist. Colonel Adams is considered one of the finest officers in the service, and I considered, his regiment as a eminently entitled to be received. I hope you will answer at once. I would suggest whether it would not be well to authorize me to receive all the full companies which will report themselves full at our general camp in the next twenty days. The signs are that we should need them, and it will stop the application to you for independent regiments, which is producing confusion.

RICHARD YATES.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 8, 1861

Colonel JAMES S. JACKSON,

Hopkinsville, Ky.:

By direction of the President the regiment of cavalry which you offer is accepted for three years or during the war, provided you have it ready for marching orders within ninety days. This acceptance is with the distinct understanding that this Department will revoke the commissions of all officers who may be found incompetent for the proper discharge of their duties. You will promptly advise Adjutant-General Thomas, at Washington, the date on which your men will be ready for mustering, and he will detail an officer for that purpose, who will be instructed to muster by companies.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAMES LESLEY, JR.,.

Chief Clerk War Department.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 8, 1861.

Honorable JOHN S. PHELP,

Springfield, Mo.:

SIR: By direction of the President of the United States I am authorized to accept from you five regiments of infantry and one regiment of cavalry for six months, or such longer period not exceeding the duration of the war, as the respective regiments may be enlisted for, the several regiments to be ready for marching orders within orders within sixty days from this date. This acceptance is with the distinct understanding that this Department will revoke the commissions of all officers who may be found incompetent for the proper discharge of their duties. You will promptly advise Adjutant-General Thomas, at Washington, the date at whacker men will be ready for mustering, and he will issue the necessary instructions to muster in by companies and subsist them. Your requisitions for arms and equipments should be made to Quartermaster-General Meigs, and General Ripley, Chief of Bureau of Ordnance, without delay.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

