
COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 8, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

It is impossible to have the regiments in Ohio mustered out in reasonable time by the force now in Ohio, Colonel Carrington included. The recruiting for the organization of the new regiments, as well for preserving the moral of the troops, imperatively requires, your immediate sending additional mustering officers in and out to this State.

WM. DENNISON,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 9, 1861.

Honorable W. S. PENNINGTON,

Secretary of Legationo, Legation United States, Paris:

DEAR SIR: The Secretary of War has referred to this office the book of Photographs of Military Equipments manufactured at the establishment of M. Alexis Godillot, at Paris, which you obliginly sent to the War Department.

Will you request our minister at Paris to order of M. Godillot, provided it can be done at the prices paid by the French Government, a complete equipment for 10,000 men. These men to be uniformed as the chasseurs a pied, to be supplied with regulation knapsacks and all other articles of equipment, including tenet abri, officers' tents, council tent, &amp;c.

The organization of the 10,000 men to be according to that of Orders, Numbers 15, for volunteer infantry in ten regiments, inclosed.*

All these equipments to be shipped to this country at the earliest possible date, consigned to the Quartermaster-General of the United States, and as imported for the United States free of duty.

The carts and ambulances are not desired. The medicine chests and packs, cacolets, and mule litters should be included in the contract.

Clothing for commissioned officers and arms are not included in this order, which relates to clothing and camp equipage for the enlisted men and non-commissioned officers only, and tents for the commissioned officers of ten regiments of infantry.

Upon being advised of the cost of this equipment, money will be placed at Baring Bros., or the draft of the American minister upon the Quartermaster-General of the United States will be honored on presentation.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Hartford, Conn., August 9, 1861

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: General Tyler is here, and says that you will accept three regiments from this State, which I will furnish, but could send four easier. Will you allow me to do so?

Yours, with high regard,

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,

---------------

*See p. 151.

---------------

