
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, August 9. 1861.

WILLIAM A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor of Connecticut, Hartford:

The Department heartily accepts your offer to raise four additional regiments. Official letter of acceptance goes forward to-morrow.

By order of the Secretary of War:

J. LESLEY, JR.,

Chief Clerk.

[AUGUST 9, 1861. - For Fremont to Blair, relating to the organization of troops, &amp;c., see Series I. Vol. III, p. 431.]

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Saint Paul, August 9, 1861.

General SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have applications to accept for the U. S. service several companies of volunteer cavalry. Of one of these I think most favorably. There are amongst the German settlements in Minnesota quite a number of old cavalry soldiers who were thoroughly drilled in that arm in their own country. The proposition is to recruit exclusively from this class in the various German localities of our State at least one company of 100 men, none to be received not previously proficient in cavalry drill and maneuvers. As it takes so much longer to make efficient cavalry than infantry, I think and would advise (if the Government needs cavalry only) that such a company should be at once called for from Minnesota, and that the mustering officer, Captain Nelson, U. S. Army, stationed here, be directed to muster them in and subsistent them at Fort Snelling (along with the Second Regiment there) as fast as they are recruited and that orders for their complete equipment, including the proper mount in all respects ready for immediate service as an independent unattached troop, should be at once given, as from the information already obtained I have no doubt that the company can be readily filled, and with the experienced material already stated.

Very respectfully,

ALEX. RAMSEY.

OFFICE AMERICAN TELEGRAPH COMPANY,

Washington, August 9, 1861

B. P. SNYDER, Manager, and

G. H. BURNS, Supervisor:

You will receive instructions relating to the conduct of Government telegraphing and the restrictions upon other business from Honorable Thomas A. Scott, Assistant Secretary of War, and general manager of military telegraphs.

You will not permit any telegram relating to late, present, or contemplated movements of the Army, or any part thereof, to pass over the lines, excepting official messages, sent by military commanders. The former rule, permitting such army information as appeared in the Washington papers to be telegraphed, is rescind.

