
You will require of every one in the employ of the company having access to messages to take the oath of allegiance and secrecy, as perform furnished by Mr. Scott.

Great caution must be used in forwarding and receiving Government cipher and other messages. In all cases of the slightest doubt have the message repeated until its correctness is clear. If messages be sent in with illegible words, return them for explanation.

You will not permit any one not directly and necessarily connected with the office to have access to messages or the operating room or its immediate vicinity unless duly authorized by the Government telegraph manager.

Any information you may obtain which appears of importance to Government is to be communicated directly to Mr. Scott.

Respectfully,

E. S. SANFORD,

President.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT. ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 54. Washington, August 10, 1861.

The following acts of Congress are published for the information of the Army:

[PUBLIC-No. 22.] AN ACT to provide for the suppression of rebellion against, and resistance to the laws of the United States, and to amend the act entitled "An act to provide for calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the Union," &amp;c., passed February twenty-eighth seventeen hundred and ninety-five.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That whenever, by reason of unlawful obstructions combinations, or assemblages of persons, or rebellion against the authority of the Government of the United States, it shall become impracticable, in the judgment of the President of the United States, to enforce, by the ordinary course of judicial proceedings, the laws of the United States within any State or Territory of the United States it shall be lawful for the President of the United States to call forth the militia of any or all the States of the Union and to employ such parts of the land and naval forces of the United States as he may deem necessary to enforce the faithful execution of the laws of the United States or to suppress such rebellion in whatever State or Territory thereof the laws of the United States may be forcibly opposed, or the execution thereof forcibly obstructed.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That whenever in the judgment of the President it may be necessary to use the military force hereby directed to be employed and called forth by him, the President shall forthwith, by proclamation command such insurgents to disperse and retire peaceably to their respective abodes, within a limited time.

SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That the militia so called into the service of the United States shall be subject to the same rules and articles of war as the troops of the United States, and be continued in the service of the United States until discharged by proclamation of the President; Provided, That such continuance in service shall not extend beyond sixty days after the commencement of the next regular session of Congress, unless Congress shall expressly provide by law therefor; And provided further, That the militia so called into the service of the United States shall, during their time of service, be entitled

