
of the following officers, namely: One Adjutant-General, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a brigadier-general; one assistant adjutant-general, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a colonel of cavalry: two assistant adjutant-generals with the rank, pay, and emoluments each of a lieutenant-colonel of cavalry; four assistant adjutant-generals with the rank, pay and emoluments each of a major of cavalry; and twelve assistant adjutant-generals, with the rank, pay and emoluments each of a captain of cavalry and that there shall be added to the Subsistence Department four commissaries of subsistence, each with the rank pay and emoluments of a major of cavalry; and eight commissaries of subsistence with the rank, pay and emoluments each of a captain of cavalry, and to be taken from the line of the Army, either of the volunteers or Regular Army.

SEC. 3 And be it further enacted, That there shall be added to each of the Corps of Engineers and Topographical Engineers three first and three second lieutenants to be promoted thereto in accordance with the existing laws and regulations. And there shall be added to the Quartermaster's Department one colonel, two lieutenant-colonels, four majors, and twenty captains, with the rank, pay and allowances of officers of cavalry; and whenever any Army captain of the Quartermaster's Department shall have served fourteen years' continuous service he shall be promoted to the rank of major; and that there shall be added to the Quartermaster's Department as many master wagoners, with the rank, pay, and allowances of sergeants of cavalry, and as many wagoners, with the pay and allowances of corporals of cavalry, as the military service in the judgment of the President, may render necessary. And there shall be added to the Ordnance Department of the U. S. Army, as now organized one Chief of Ordnance, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of the Quartermaster-General of the Army; one colonel, one lieutenant- colonel, and six second lieutenants; the field officers to be appointed by selection from the officers of the Army, and the second lieutenants from the graduates of the U. S. Military Academy, by transfers from the Engineers, or the Topographical Engineers, or the artillery.

SEC. 4. And be it further enacted, That there shall be added to the Corps of Engineers three companies of engineer soldiers, to be commanded by appropriate officers of said corps, to have the same pay and rations, clothing, and other allowances, and be entitled to the same benefits, in every respect as the company created by the act for the organization of a company of sappers and miners and pontoniers, approved May sixteenth, eighteen hundred and forty-six. The said three companies shall be subject to the Rules and Articles of War; shall be recruited in the same manner and with the same limitation; shall be instructed in and perform the same duties and be liable to serve in the same way, and shall have their vehicles, pontoons, tools, implements, arms, and other supplies regulated in the same manner as the existing engineer company; and each of the four companies of engineer soldiers shall hereafter be composed of ten sergeants ten corporals, two musicians, sixty-four privates of the first class or artificers and sixty-four privates of the second class- in all one hundred and fifty men each.

SEC. 5. And be it further enacted, That there be added to the medical staff of the Army a corps of medical cadets, whose duty it shall be to act as dressers in the general hospitals and as ambulance attendants in the field, under the direction and control of the medical officers alone. They shall have the same rank and pay as the military cadets at West Point. Their number shall be regulated by the exigencies of service,

