
at no time to exceed fifty. It shall be composed of young men of liberal education students of medicine, between the ages of eighteen and twenty-three, who have been reading medicine for two years, and have attended at least one course of lectures in a medical college. They shall enlist for one year, and be subject to the Rules and Articles of War. On the fifteenth day of the last month of their service the near approach of their discharge shall be reported to the Surgeon General, in order, if desired, that they may be relieved by another detail of applicants.

SEC. 6. And be it further enacted, That in general or permanent hospitals female nurses may be substituted for soldiers when, in the opinion of the Surgeon-General or medical in charge, it is expedient to do so, the number of female nurses to be indicated by the Surgeon-General or surgeon in charge of the hospital; the nurses so employed to receive forty cents a day and one ration in kind, or by commutation, in lieu of all emoluments except transportation in kind.

SEC. 7. And be it further enacted, That one chaplain shall be allowed to each regiment of the Army to be selected and appointed as the President may direct; Provided, That none but regularly ordained ministers of some Christian denomination shall be eligible to selection or appointment.

SEC. 8. And be it further enacted, That no cadet who has been or shall hereafter be reported as deficient either in conduct or studies, and recommended to be discharged from the Academy, shall be returned or reappointed or appointed to any place in the Army before his class shall have left the Academy and received their commissions, unless upon the recommendation of the academic board of the Academy; Provided, That all cadets now in the service, or hereafter entering the Military Academy at West Point, shall be called on to take and subscribe the following oath: "I, A. B., do solemnly swear that I will support the Constitution of the United States, and bear true allegiance to the national Government; that I will maintain and defend the sovereignty of the United States paramount to any and all allegiance, sovereignty,or fealty I may owe to any State, county, or country whatsoever; and that I will at all times obey the legal orders of my superior officers, and the rules and articles governing the armies of the United States." And any cadet or candidate for admission who shall refuse to take this oath shall be dismissed from the service.

SEC. 9. And be it further enacted, That the three months' extra pay allowed by the twenty-ninth section of the act of the fifth of July, eighteen hundred and thirty-eight, for re-enlistments under certain conditions the bounty granted by the third section of the act of the seventeenth of June, eighteen hundred and fifty, for enlistments at remote and distant stations, and the premium now paid for bringing accepted recruits to the rendezvous, be, and they are hereby, abolished.

SEC. 10. And be it further enacted, That hereafter two dollars per month shall be retained out of the monthly pay of each enlisted man in the Regular Army until the expiration of his term of service instead of one dollar per month, as authorized by existing laws.

SEC. 11. And be it further enacted, That in all cases of enlistment and re-enlistment in the military service of the United States, the prescribed oath of allegiance may be administered by any commissioned officer of the Army.

SEC. 12. And be it further enacted., That the two regiments, of dragoons, the regiment of mounted riflemen, and the two regiments of cavalry shall hereafter be known and recognized as the First, Second, Third, Fourth, and Fifth Regiments of Cavalry, respectively; the officers

