
insurrection which, whether well or ill founded, disturb the public mind and render it necessary for our repose that our military should be armed. Captain Charles Dimmock will visit Washington immediately to receive these muskets, and we respectfully request that every facility may be afforded to him in forwarding the arms to this place without delay. We shall be prepared to pay for them at such time as the Department may indicate.

Second. We are informed that the Government has 130,000 seasoned musket-stocks at Harper's Ferry, and that the consumption does not exceed 12,000 per annum. We suppose, therefore, that 20,000 of these seasoned stocks might be replaced by green ones without injury to the public service, and we ask leave to make such substitution. the green stocks can be purchased by the superintendent at Harper's Ferry, and we will pay for them. The seasoned stocks are intended for use a year or two hence, or possibly a little earlier, as the operations of our armory may require, and unless we can get them form the Government we shall have barrels without stocks until the green stocks shall season. We are informed that stock does not season properly in less than three years.

Third. We are engaged in making a model arm at Springfield, under an order which the War Department was so obliging as to give, and we should be greatly aided by permission to use the Government patterns and to take drawings of them. We request that our master armorer, Mr. Solomon Adams, may be allowed to do this at our expense, and so far as it may be done without detriment to the public service.

I have the honor to remain, your most obedient servant,

GEO. W. RANDOLPH.

[Indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, November 6, 1860.

The proposition for the purchase of 5,000 altered muskets, at $ 2.50 each, made within, is accepted. The Colonel of Ordnance will take the necessary measures to have them delivered as requested. The arms to be selected by Captain Dimmock.

J. B. FLOYD,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Jackson, Miss., November 6, 1860.

Honorable JOHN B. FLOYD:

DEAR SIR: The State of Mississippi has 160 flint-lock muskets in perfect order, never having been used. I wish to exchange them for rifles. If you have the power to make this exchange, please write me on what terms. Please write me also how and when I can purchase of the Federal Government a few thousand muskets with percussion locks, or rifles.

Very respectfully,

JOHN. J. PETTUS.

HDQRS. OHIO MILITIA AND VOLUNTEER MILITIA, QUARTERMASTER- GENERAL'S OFFICE, Columbus, November 6, 1860.

Honorable S. S. COX,

Columbus:

DEAR SIR: When we made this year's requisition on the General Government for our quota of arms as usual, we applied for friction

