
received until the quartermaster-general of that State, on the 26th of November last, advised the Secretary of War that they had not been received, nad asking what he should do in the premises. In answer ot this he was informed that diligent inquiry should be made, the result of which would be communicated, and if it should so happen that the arms were lost, that the issue would be duplicated. On the 29th of December the Governor of Alabama was informed fo the result of the inquiries made, which was to the effect that the arms, &amp;c., had reached New Orleans, and were stored preparatory to reshipment to their destination, and it wi quite probable that by this time they have been duly delivered.

The stores, though issued in August, 1860, were on account of the State's quota for 1861, and in this connection it may be proper to say that such issues, under the law of 1808, in advance, are without the authority of law, and instead of its being "usual," as was said in a recent application to you for a similar issue, they have been restricted to the last four years, and perhaps some especial instances of former dates, as will appear from the following prohibitory order of President dates, as will appear from the following prohibitory order of President Jackson on a similar application by the State of Louisiana in 1835, viz:

The President directs that the gun applied for be furnished, but that in future no advances be made, more especially to States to which no arms are due.

29th June, 1835.

If the stores referred to by the Governor of Alabama, nad supposed to have been detained at New Orleans, as above stated, should not be forthcoming, I will not under existing circumstances feel called on to renew the issue without your especial instructions, and in that event I would respectfully suggest that the Governor be authorized to draw the stores, or their equivalent in muskets, from the Mount Vernon Arsenal, now in possession of the State of Alabama.

The letter of Honorable D. Clopton is herewith returned.*

Very respectfully, your obediel of Ordnance.

ALBANY, January 16, 1861.

Lieutenant General WINFIELD SCOTT,

General-in-Chief, &c.:

GENERAL: Being under the impression that the state of the country might render it necessary to withdraw for service elsewhere the whole or a large part of the troops now occupying posts in the harbor of New York, I take great pleasure in saying, with the approval fo Governor Morgan, with whom I have conferred on this subject, that I can furnish from the First Division New York State militia, at any time, a sufficient force to take charge of the fortifications in our harbor as long as may be necessary. And should it be necessary (as I trust it will not) to sustain the Government and keep the peace at Washington by a larger force than you can concentrate from the U. S. Army, I can send you, at short notice, five oars it good regiments, upon which you could rely with confidence.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. W. SANDFORD,

New York.

---------------

*See January 10, p. 34.

---------------

