
or colonels of the Regular Army as the President may direct, and to receive the same pay and allowances as are provided by existing laws for officers of cavalry of corresponding rank. The President shall cause all aides-de-camp appointed under this act to be discharged whenever they shall cease to be employed in active service, and he may reduce the number so employed whenever he may deem it expedient so to do. Any officers of the Regular Army appointed aides-de-camp under this act, and detached or assigned to duty for service as such, shall upon their discharge resume their positions in the Regular Army, and shall be entitled to the same rank and promotion as if they had continued to serve in their own regiments or corps.

Approved August 5, 1861.

[PUBLIC - Numbers 49.] AN ACT making appropriations for fortifications, and for other purposes.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That there be, and is hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $ 100,000 for contingencies of fortifications, to be used and applied under the direction of the Secretary of War.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That any commissioned officer of the Army, Navy, or Marine Corps who, having tendered his resignation, shall, prior to due notice of the acceptance of the same by the proper authority, and, without leave, quit his post or proper duties with the intent to remain permanently absent therefrom, shall be registered as a deserter, and punished as such.

SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That flogging as a punishment in the Army is hereby abolished.

SEC. 4. And be it further enacted, That for removing stables and other obstructions from the grounds around the Washington Infirmary, used as an army hospital, and grading said grounds to secure proper drainage of the same, the sum of $ 5,000 be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, to be expended under the direction of the Surgeon-General of the U. S. Army.

Approved August 5, 1861.

[PUBLIC - Numbers 52.] AN ACT to promote the efficiency of the Engineer and Topographical Engineer Corps, and for other purposes.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That there shall be added to each of the Corps of Engineers and Topographical Engineers, by regular promotion of their present officers, two lieutenant-colonels and four majors.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That there shall be added to the Corps of Topographical Engineers one company of soldiers, to be commanded by appropriate officers of said corps, to have the same pay and rations, clothing, and other allowances, and to be entitled to the same benefits in every respect, as the company created by the act for the organization of a company of sappers and miners and pontoniers, approved May sixteenth, eighteen hundred and forty-six. The said company shall be subject to the Rules and Articles of War, and shall have the same organization as the companies of engineer soldiers attached to the Corps of Engineers.

26 R R - SERIES III, VOL I

