
SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That vacancies hereafter occurring among the commissioned officers of the volunteers regiments shall be filled by the Governors of the States, respectively, in the same manner as original appointments. And so much of the tenth section of the act approved July twenty-second, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, as is inconsistent herewith be, and the same is hereby, repealed.

SEC. 4. And be it further enacted, That the President of the United States is hereby authorized to appoint two additional inspectors-general for the U. S. Army, said inspectors-general to have the same rank and receive the same pay and allowances as now provided by law for inspectors-general.

SEC. 5. And be it further enacted, That so much of the first section of the act approved August fifth, eighteen hundred and fifty-four, as authorizes the appointment of civilians to superintend the national armories be, and the same is hereby, repealed, and that the superintendents of these armories shall be appointed hereafter from officers of the Ordnance Department.

Approved August 6, 1861.

[PUBLIC - Numbers 53.] AN ACT to authorize an increase in the Corps of Engineers and Topographical Engineers.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That there shall be added to each of the Corps of Engineers and Topographical Engineers, by regular promotion of their present officers, two lieutenant-colonels and four majors.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That there shall be added to the Corps of Topographical Engineers one company of soldiers, to be commanded by appropriate officers of said corps, to have the same pay and rations, clothing, and other allowances, and to be entitled to the same benefits in every respect, as the company created by the act for the organization of a company of sappers and miners and pontoniers, approved May sixteenth, eighteen hundred and forty-six. The said company shall be subject to the Rules and Articles of War, and shall have the same organization as the companies of engineer soldiers attached to the Corps of Engineers.

SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That the President of the United States is hereby authorized to appoint two additional inspectors-general of the U. S. Army, to have the same rank and receive the same pay and allowances as now provided by law for inspectors-general.

Approved August 6, 1861.

[PUBLIC - Numbers 58.] AN ACT to increase the pay of the privates in the Regular Army and in the volunteers in the service of the United States, and for other purposes.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the pay of the privates in the Regular Army and volunteers in the service of the United States be thirteen dollars per month for three years from and after the passage of this act, and until otherwise fixed by law.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That the provisions of the act entitled "An act for the relief of the Ohio and other volunteers," approved July twenty-fourth, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, be, and

