
the same are hereby, extended to all volunteers mustered into the service of the United States, whether for one, two, or three years, or for and during the war.

SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That all the acts, proclamations, and orders of the President of the United States after the fourth of March, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, respecting the Army and Navy of the United States, and calling out or relating to the militia or volunteers from the States, are hereby approved and in all respects legalized and made valid to the same intent and with the same effect as if they had been issued and done under the previous express authority and direction of the Congress of the United States.

Approved August 6, 1861.

[PRIVATE - Numbers 3.] AN ACT for the relief of the Ohio and other volunteers.

Whereas the War Department has decided that the term of service of the ninety-days' volunteers, called out under the act of seventeen hundred and ninety-five, commenced only on the day when they were actually sworn into the service of the United States; and whereas the troops now in service of the United States from the State of Ohio were not sworn into said service untili some days after their organization and acceptance as companies by the Governor of said State, and that for such period, under existing laws, no payment can be made: Therefore,

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the proper disbursing officer compute and pay to the said volunteers compensation from the day of their organization and acceptance as companies by the Governor of the State of Ohio, as aforesaid, until the expiration of their term of service.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That where the militia of other States are situated similarly with those of Ohio, the War Department pay the according to the provisions of the foregoing section.

Approved July 24, 1861.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 55. Washington, August 10, 1861.

* * * * * * *

II. In pursuance of the twelfth section of the act of Congress approved August 3, 1861, the six mounted regiments of the Army are consolidated in one corps, and will hereafter be known as follows:

The First Dragoons, as the First Cavalry.

The Second Dragoons, as the Second Cavalry.

The Mounted Riflemen, as the Third Cavalry.

The First Cavalry, as the Fourth Cavalry.

The Second Cavalry, as the Fifth Cavalry.

The Third Cavalry, as the Sixth Cavalry.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

