
WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 10, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor of Connecticut, Hartford, Conn.:

SIR: You are hereby authorized to raise and organize four additional regiments of infantry to serve for three years, or during the war, with the understanding, however, that this Department will revoke the commissions of all officers who may be found incompetent for the proper discharge of their duties. The Adjutant-General at Washington should be promptly advised of the date at which the men will be ready for mustering, and he will detail an officer for that purpose, who will be instructed to muster by companies.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAMES LESLEY, JR.,

Chief Clerk War Department.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Saint Johnsbury, Vt., August 10, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: On the 30th ultimo I issued the inclosed proclamation, announcing a call for two more regiments of volunteers for the service of the United States Government. The indications are that the full complement will have been recruited before the 1st of September, in which case I shall be able to arm, uniform, and equip the troops by the 15th of September.

Allow me to request information by telegraph whether the Government will accept these troops, and if so, what time it is desirable that they should be in readiness to be mustered into service.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

ERASTUS FAIRBANKS.

[Inclosure.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Saint Johnsbury, Vt., July 30, 1861.

By an act of the Legislature, passed April 26, 1861, the Governor was "authorized and required to raise, organize, and muster into service of the State, without delay, two regiments of soldiers, and at such time as in his discretion it may appear necessary four other regiments," &amp; c.

Under this provision two regiments - being the Second and Third Vermont Volunteers - have been raised, uniformed, armed, equipped, and mustered into the service of the United States for the term of three years, or during the war.

The First Vermont Regiment, having been detailed from the companies composing the uniform militia of the State, were mustered into the service of the United States, for three months' service, on the 2nd day of May last. This regiment, under the command of Colonel J. W. Phelps, rendered important service at Newport News, Va., and during their term of enlistment have nobly sustained the honor of the State and the country. Their term of service will expire early in August.

The Second Regiment, having been ordered to Washington, participated in the disastrous battle of the 21st. The Third Regiment has been ordered to Washington, where it still remains.

