
prayer, and fasting for all the people of the nation; and I do earnestly recommend to all the people, and especially to all ministers and teachers of religion of all denominations, and to all heads of families, to observe and keep that day, according to their several creeds and modes of worship, in all humility and with all religious solemnity, to the end that the united prayer of the nation may ascend to the Throne of Grace and bring down plentiful blessings upon our country.

In testimony whereof I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the United States to be affixed this twelfth day of August, A. D. eighteen hundred and sixty-one, and of the Independence of the United States of America the eighty-sixth.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

By the President.

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 56. Washington, August 12, 1861.

From this time until the 1st day of January, 1863, recruiting officers are directed to make all their enlistments of men entering the Regular Army for the term of three years.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 12, 1861.

His Excellency ALEXANDER W. RANDALL,

Governor of Wisconsin, Madison, Wis.:

What number of regiments have you now organized and what number can be organized ready for marching orders this week? Please advise by telegraph and instructions as to destination will be given.

SIMON CAMERON, N

Secretary of War.

(Same to Governors Austin Blair, Michigan: Henry S. Lane, Indianapolis, Ind.; Richard Yates, Springfield, Ill.; William Dennison, Columbus, Ohio.)

WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 12, 1861.

His Excellency ISRAEL WASHBURN, Jr.,

Governor of Maine, Augusta, Me.:

Please construe the order of August 10,* which will be delivered to you by a commanding officer, to mean that the main army shall first be supplied before troops are diverted for the purpose referred to in that order. Continue, therefore, to forward to this point as rapidly as possible until otherwise advised. Regiments organized for the purpose stated in the order should be carefully selected with reference to the object to be attained.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

* See Series I, Vol. VI, p. 168.

---------------

