
(Same to Governor Ichabod Goodwin, Portsmouth, N. H.; Governor John A. Andrew, Boston, Mass.; Governor William A. Buckingham, Hartford, Conn.; Governor William Sprague, Providence, R. I.)

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Jackson, Mich., August 12, 1861.

Adjt. General L. THOMAS,

Washington:

SIR: The First Regiment, reorganized, the Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth Regiments of the new levy, Michigan infantry, will all be in rendezvous and ready to be mustered into the service of the United States within the next ten days. Colonel Backus, the present mustering officer, is in poor health, and I think will need assistance. Brigadier General A. S. Williams, lately appointed, would be willing to render such assistance, and would like to be assigned to duty here in charge of these five regiments, sending on the First as soon as ready, and the others as the Department may desire. I think this would be well. It would be agreeable to [the] regiments themselves to be brigaded under his command, and I trust it may be so.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUSTIN BLAIR,

Governor.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, August 13, 1861.

Captain D. H. HASTINGS, U. S. Army,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

SIR: I am directed to instruct you to muster into service at Harrisburg, Pa., and at Scranton, Pa., if three or more companies can be placed in rendezvous at that city, such companies of volunteer infantry as may be presented to you by Brigadier- General Negley. As soon as the companies are mustered you are directed to provide them with quarters, clothing, camp and garrison equipage by requisitions on the Quartermaster-General, with arms and accouterments by requisitions on the Chief of Ordnance, and subsistence by requisitions on the Commissary- General. The funds necessary to carry out these instructions can be obtained upon requisitions from the proper departments.

I am, sir, &amp; c.,

GEO. D. RUGGLES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Lieutenant B. T. Hutchins, Sixth Cavalry, Pittsburg, Pa.)

DAVENPORT, IOWA, August 13, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Where are the arms promised to our regiments? Do send us arms for our infantry and cavalry. Send arms to Davenport.

N. B. BAKER.

