
(Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh) are organized and now getting into camp, and will be ready for mustering during this week, but another week will be necessary to complete their uniforms.

AUSTIN BLAIR,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 13, 1861.

Honorable ERASTUS FAIRBANKS,

Governor of Vermont, Saint Johnsbury, Vt.:

SIR: This Department will accept with pleasure the two regiments proffered in your favor of the 10th instant. It is very desirable that they should be ready for marching orders at an early date. Advise the Department promptly.

Your obedient servant,

JAS. LESLEY, JR.

MADISON, August 13, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

None ready this week. Our Seventh Regiment can be ready last of next week. Eighth Regiment is not called to camp till 1st of September. Will call Eighth earlier if required. Please answer immediately and see letter by mail.

BUTLER G. NOBLE.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 14, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

SIR: I have the honor to request that you will instruct our minister at Paris to obtain, if practicable, a specimen of each kind of portable field ovens in use in the French army, and to have them forwarded to the Commissary-General of Subsistence at Washington as soon as possible. Any expense attending the procurement of these ovens will be refunded by this Department.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., August 14, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

We have no artillery and no regiments organized which are not already in Missouri. I could have had troops to-day sufficient to have opposed any force but for the interference from Washington in accepting independent regiments without notice to me, breaking up our organization, on 2nd day of August. I ordered your independent regiments to report to Saint Louis immediately and three of them responded, and I have to confine myself in raising the thirteen regiments you authorized me to raise to the acceptance of companies first tendered. I have telegraphed your Department repeatedly for authority

