
WASHINGTON, January 17, 1861.

His Excellency E. D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York:

SIR: I am very sure that the President, as yet, has not seriously thought of calling for volunteers or militia from any quarters beyond this District; and to maintain the peace here the local militia, the constabulary, and some 700 regulars, including three companies of horse or flying artillery, are at present deemed sufficient.

Perhaps no regiment or company can be brought here form a distance without producing hurtful jealousies in this vicinity.

If there be an exception, it is the Seventh Infantry, fo the city of new York, which has become somewhat national, and it is held deservedly in the highest respect from its escorting the reaming of deserved President Mornor from New York to Richmond, nad it presence at the inauguration of the statue of the Father of his Country in Washington.

In reply to the latter part of Your Excellency's letter, I beg to say that a better reference fo the subject cannot be made than to Major-General Sandford, a general fo excellent intelligence and judgement in all such matters.

With the highest respect, I have the honor to remain, Your Excellency's most obedient servant,

WINFIELD SCOTT.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 17, 1861.

Honorable DAVID CLOPTON,

House of Representatives:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 10th instant I have the honor to state that on the 29th of November last the Governor of Alabama was informed that the arms, &amp;c., issued upon his requisition in August last has reached New Orleans and were stored, preparatory to reshipment to their delivered. if they have not, I will, upon the request of the Governor, give him authority to draw the stores, or their equivalent in muskets, form the Mount Vernon Arsenal, in that State.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOLT,

Secretary of War ad interims.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Indianapolis, January 17, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

DEAR SIR: I write for the purpose of obtaining information as to the quantity and kind of arms to which the State of Indiana is entitled form the General Government, and whether ther ear not arrearage due her for past years; upon what principal or ratio arms are distributed; whether upon Congressional representation or on enrollment of the militia, or both, under different acts of Congress; and, finally, the form of application thereof, and how soon sthe arms that may be due can be forwarded.

A speedy answer is very much desired.

Very respectfully,

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

