
to accept all the troops offered, but have received no answer to my dispatches. I think you ought to give me authority to accept all troops willing to enter the service.

RICHARD YATES,

Governor.

WASHINGTON, August 14, 1861.

Governor YATES, Springfield, Ill.:

You are authorized to accept all companies of troops willing to enter the service. We shall accept no more independent regiments from Illinois. Many thanks for your promptness and energy.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., August 14, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON:

Will start four regiments to Saint Louis day after to-morrow. I have the guns, caissons, equipments, and horses for three battalions of rifled cannon, and have had for some time, but have no harness and can learn nothing satisfactory from General Ripley or Major Symington on the subject. Do have the harness (thirty- four sets) asked for sent at once. Will forward to Fremont six companies of cavalry by Friday. Will have three additional regiments ready in six days, but they have no arms. Pray have arms (rifles, if possible) forwarded at once. We have had the promise of rifles. Answer at once what the Government will do toward furnishing what I ask.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 14, 1861.

Governor S. J. KIRKWOOD,

Governor of Iowa, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: You are hereby authorized to raise and organize a company of cavalry for the defense of the northwestern frontier of Iowa against the Indians, to serve for three years unless sooner discharged. You will please cause the Adjutant-General at Washington to be advised of the date at which the men will be ready for mustering and he will detail an officer for that purpose.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAMES LESLEY, JR.,

Chief Clerk War Department.

[AUGUST 14, 1861. - For Cameron to Fremont, relating to organization of troops, acceptance of the services of instructed officers, &amp; c., see Series I, Vol III, p. 441.]

ALBANY, August 14, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

DEAR SIR: I had the pleasure yesterday of briefly addressing you in regard to enlistments. I then stated that I would at an early day offer

