
some suggestions for your consideration in relation to the enrollment and organization of volunteers. This I now proceed to do.

I am satisfied that we should obtain recruits more rapidly if the War Department would permit the mustering in of companies composed of but thirty-two men each, and thereafter in squads of say ten men each as fast as they are recruited. I would recommend that as soon as mustered in the men be provided with underclothing, shoes, stockings, and caps, and that as soon as ten such companies are formed uniforms be supplied. I regard this course as imperatively necessary in this State, for you are aware that the present quota is not raised under authority of State law, but that the volunteers are being enrolled by virtue of the power conferred by the President's requisition upon me. It is important, therefore, that the men be accepted into the service of the United States at the earliest period in the progress of organization; otherwise, as must be seen, there exists no power to enforce discipline or to hold them in camp. The appearance of the volunteers comfortably uniformed and conducting themselves in a soldierly manner encourages enlistments among those who are inclined to enroll and often determines those who have no positive with to enter service to do so. I am decidedly of the opinion that it will be necessary to consolidate the various skeleton organizations whose prospective officers have received authority to raise regiments. Many of these must fail of success. I certainly do not wish to add to the labors required of me in the performance of the duties which my position now imposes, yet my own judgment leads me to believe that the United States Government should call for troops from this State as it requires them, and only through its regularly constituted authorities. I am willing, if called upon, to afford every facility in my power not only to commission the field and company officers, but to aid in every effort put forth for the attainment of the object sought to be attained by the General Government.

I am, very truly, yours, &amp; c.,

E. D. MORGAN.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 14, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Hope to send two regiments of infantry to General Fremont this week. Can send some artillery if harness promispley arrives.

W. DENNISON,

Governor.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 57. Washington, August 15, 1861.

* * * * * * *

II. General officers of volunteers will not be permitted to select their aides-de-camp from the officers of the Regular Army.

III. All general and staff officers who have come into the service of the United States under the call of the President for three-months' volunteers are hereby mustered out of service.

IV. Officers of volunteers who resign their commissions will not be received into the service of the United States as officers of other volunteer organizations.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

