
WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 15, 1861.

Governor FAIRBANKS,

Saint Johnsbury, Vt.:

We need your regiments at an earlier date. Please hurry them forward. Let me know the best that can be done by Vermont.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 15, 1861.

Colonel EDWARD D. BAKER,

Washington City, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: Having been heretofore authorized to muster in the brigade which you are now raising by companies, you are now further authorized to establish a camp for recruiting and instruction at Philadelphia. You will also receive volunteers, and embody them as they may arrive. You will also cause to be paid proper expenses of recruiting, transportation, and subsistence up to the time of the muster in, and you will then provide for them clothing, equipments, &amp; c., by requisitions upon the Quartermaster's and Subsistence Departments. The quartermaster and commissary at New York will, upon requisitions approved by you, turn over to your brigade quartermaster and commissary the funds necessary to meet these expenses, after they have complied with regulations of the service by giving bonds properly approved.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA:

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas on the fifteenth day of April, eighteen hundred and sixty-one, the President of the United States, in view of an insurrection against the laws, Constitution, and Government of the United States, which had broken out within the States of South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas, and in pursuance of the provisions of the act entitled "An act to provide for calling forth the militia to execute the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, and repel invasions, and to repeal the act now in force for that purpose," approved February twenty-eight, seventeen hundred and ninety- five, did call forth the militia to suppress said insurrection, and to cause the laws of the Union to be duly executed, and the insurgents have failed to disperse by the time directed by the President; and whereas such insurrection has since broken out and yet exists within the States of Virginia, North Carolina, Tennessee, and Arkansas; and whereas, the insurgents in all the said States claim to act under the authority thereof, and such claim is not disclaimed or repudiated by the persons exercising the functions of government in such State or States, or in the part or parts thereof in which such combinations exist, nor has such insurrection been suppressed by said States:

Now, therefore, I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States, in pursuance of an act of Congress approved July thirteen, eighteen

27 R R - SERIES III, VOL I

