
Cass, and Lieutenant-Colonel Blaisdell, at Washington, and from Colonel Gordon andn Major-General Banks, at Harper's Ferry, of vacancies existing among the officers of their respective commands, and I am anxious to fill them if I have the power to do so, for delay in filling them is prejudicial in various ways which I do not need to mention. I beg leave to suggest in this connection that it seems to me to be desirable that copies of all general orders of the War Department should be forwarded to the Governors of the various States. Many of those issued during theh last three months materially affect my duties and the course of business in the military departments of this Commonwealth; but in every single instance (with but one exception) I have had to trust to my individual efforts to find out that any such orders had been issued, and then to find out what they were.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. ANDREW.

BOSTON, August 16, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

It has been unofficially intimated to us that arms and equipments are greatly needed by General Fremont. If desirable, and authorized by you, we can send immediately to him from 5,000 to 10,000 infantry equipments at $ 4 each cost, which was exact cost to us; from 1,000 to 2,000 altered flint-lock muskets, model 1820 to 1832, at $ 5 each; 1,000 Windsor Vermont rifles, with saber- bayonets and full equipments, at $ 21 each; 2,000 Windsor Vermont rifles, without bayonets, but with full equipments, at $ 17 each. Unofficial information of this offer has been sent to General Fremont. Please reply whether Government wishes to accept all or any part of the above offer.

By order of Governor Andrew:

A. G. BROWNE, JR.,

Military Secretary.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 16, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Thanks for telegram. One additional difficulty in recruiting caused by delay in getting tents and camp equipage from Captain Dickerson. Please have him instructed immediately to furnish all such on my order. Exigency too pressing for usual forms of requisition. Send the copy of instructions to Captain Dickerson.

WM. DENNISON,

Governor.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Madison, August 16, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: * Some days since I received from your Department a telegraphic dispatch calling upon me to forward immediately to General Fremont all the organized and available forces in this State, and to send a full supply of field artillery andn small- arms. I replied immediately, stating in the brevity of a telegraphic dispatch the facts in the

---------------

* Some matters of detail here omitted.

---------------

