
they shall be liable to be mustered into the service of the United States at such times as requisition may be made by the President of the United States. I therefore most respectfully suggest that it would be well to cause these troops to be formally mustered into the service of the United States.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDW. BATES,

Attorney-General.

ORDNANCE OFFICE,

Washington, August 17, 1861.

THOMAS A. SCOTT, Esq.,

Assistant Secretary of War:

SIR: I have carefully considered the proposition of Mr. T. Poultney to furnish 10,000 of Smith's patent breech-loading carbines at $ 35 each. I would gladly avail myself of any opportunity of obtaining at this time, at any price not beyond reason, such arms as are required for the troops called into the service. The carbine is only, however, a cavalry arm. It is used only by dragoons when dismounted and fighting on foot, and the orders in the Division of the Potomac are to arm the cavalry with pistols and sabers only. There have been arrangements made already for procuring 17,000 carbines, which number will be sufficient to arm all the troops for which such an arm properly pertains. I do not think, therefore, that there is an exigency existing for arrangements to secure a larger supply, deliverable as Mr. Poultney proposes. The price I consider too high, and the fact that $ 35 each was agreed to be paid for a small parcel of 300 does not apply to an order for large quantities. In view of all these circumstances, it is submitted whether it will be advisable to accept a proposition involving so large an expenditure ($ 350,000) as that of Mr. Poultney does. I respectfully request instructions on the subject.

Respectfully, &amp; c.,

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, August 17, 1861.

Brigadier General B. F. BUTLER, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: The permission asked for to recruit 5,000 volunteers for Massachusetts and the Eastern States to serve for three years is cheerfully granted. The force will be promptly accepted by this Department, subject to the customary regulations governing similar cases.

Very respectfully, yours,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, August 17, 1861 - 12.16 p. m.

Governor ANDREW,

Boston, Mass.:

Much obliged for all you are doing.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAMES LESLEY, JR.,

Chief Clerk.

