
The cost of transportation of troops from place of muster to place of rendezvous will be paid as directed in General Orders, Numbers 58, current series, from this office, from the appropriation for "collecting, drilling, and organizing volunteers." Quartermasters at camps of rendezvous will make requisitions upon the Adjutant-General for the funds necessary for this purpose. All officers charged with disbursements of funds appropriated under the act mentioned will forward to this office monthly summary statements and accounts current, with vouchers, in the manner prescribed for the general recruiting service.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 19, 1861.

General. M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army:

A general order has been issued to-day to the Governors of Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York, Rhode Island, Vermont, Massachusetts, Maine, New Hampshire, and Michigan to forward immediately to Washington all regiments and parts of regiments accepted from the Governors or individuals, whether provided with equipments or uniforms or not, with orders to report on arrival for equipment; all clothing or supplies now contracted for the several regiments to be sent direct to Washington. The effect of this will be to give us a large number of troops to provide for at Washington, that will require great efforts from your Department to meet their wants. Please arrange accordingly. When will you return?

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary.

(Send copy to care of conductor at New Brunswick. I think General Meigs will leave New York on 6 p. m. train, this evening.)

PRIVATE AND CONFIDENTIAL.] WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 19, 1861.

To the GOVERNOR of -

Maryland, Annapolis; Pennsylvania, Harrisburg; New Jersey, Trenton; New York, Albany; Connecticut, Hartford; Vermont, Saint Johnsbury; Massachusetts, Boston; Rhode Island, Providence; Maine, Augusta; Ohio, Columbus; Indiana, Indianapolis; Illinois, Springfield; Michigan, Lansing; Wisconsin, Madison; Iowa, Iowa City; Western Virginia, Wheeling:

The Government desires to know immediately whether a requisition for the whole or a part of the uniformed militia or home guards of your State for temporary service would seriously retard or embarrass the enrollment and organization of the volunteer forces now being enrolled for three years, or during the war. The exigencies of the public service may require the utmost promptitude on your part.

Please answer by telegraph and state your views.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

