
There is no uniformed militia, in fact, in Maine. The home guards are nominal. Nothing can be effected in this way. Still another regiment will be ready in a few days later; another after that.

I. WASHBURN, JR.,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, August 19, 1861.

Governor WASHBURN,

Augusta, Me.:

Notify Quartermaster Tompkins, at New York, when you need transportation from New York south. He will provide it. Much obliged for your prompt response to your country's call.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 19, 1861.

Colonel WILLIAM H. PURNELL,

Baltimore, Md.:

SIR: You are hereby authorized to raise and organize a regiment of infantry for the service of the United States to serve for three years, or during the war. This acceptance is with the distinct understanding that this Department will revoke the commissions of all officers who may be found incompetent for the proper discharge of their duties. You will promptly advise Adjutant-General Thomas at Washington the date at which your men will be ready for mustering, in accordance with the general order relating thereto. You are also authorized to raise and organize two batteries of artillery for the service of the United States to serve for three years, or during the war, the guns of which are to be procured from Fort McHenry, being those taken from the Junior and Eagle Artillery Companies of Baltimore. You will please report at once to Adjutant-General Thomas the date at which the men of said batteries will be ready for mustering.

By direction of the Secretary:

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

BOSTON, August 19, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Captain Amory is not needed here personally. When our five regiments, now incomplete, shall have gone, to get them off I must have him for a colonel. Our Seventeenth is 800 strong now. I can send it Wednesday, armed and equipped, with additional recruits with Amory. If Washington is worth saving I must have Amory, if only temporarily. Twenty-first Regiment is now 800 strong and is ordered to move Wednesday. We will start all five regiments this week, none less than 600 strong. Reply by telegraph.

JNO. A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts.

