
TRENTON, N. J., August 19, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

An artillery company of six field pieces leaves here at 9 o'clock to-morrow morning, and a regiment of infantry will leave here at 12 m. to-morrow, uniformed, armed, and equipped, and will try and send another regiment this week.

C. S. OLDEN,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT, August 19, 1861.

General L. PERRINE,

Quartermaster-General, Trenton, N. J.:

Accept thanks for your prompt response. Send on your men.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

New York, August 19, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: For what length of service will the Government accept New York State Militia regiments? If for three months, 5,000 could probably be sent in the course of ten days. If you want these, the President should make a formal requisition on me for them.

I shall direct all the volunteer regiments to move to the seat of war; three or four, nearly or quite full, such as Colonel Adams', Colonel Riker's, Colonel Fairman's, Colonel Betge's, will be sent this week, and others as soon as possible. The sending of militia regiments for three months will necessarily interfere with the raising of the three-years' troops.

I am, very truly, yours,

E. D. MORGAN.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,

New York, August 19, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Your two telegrams of 18th instant* have been forwarded from Albany, which place I left at 4 o'clock this morning. I have taken measures to learn, and will advise you, as to the effect of ordering the fragmentary regiments lately returned and others, New York State Militia, for temporary service at Washington. Of those regiments accepted by the Government, and which have been a long time under way, three or four can be got off this week - such as Colonel Adams', Colonel Riker's, &amp; c. These have their proper numbers. All others, if sent, must be companies, parts of regiments, whether accepted by the Government as independent or through the State. I will do all in my power to aid the Government in dispatching the forces from the State, but it is a misfortune that there is one system of acceptances by the

---------------

* The originals, on file in the War Department, are dated August 19, but it is evident that some copies were telegraphed on the 18th.

---------------

