
Government independent of the State and another through its constituted authorities. It is also unfortunate that the mustering officers are without instructions to muster in troops regardless of sixty-four to each company. They should have orders to muster in as fast as required by the authorities, and take all the good men that offer. If I do not get such orders to be given to the mustering officers - for they don't move without orders from headquarters - I shall send men without being mustered into the U. S. service, and take the consequences. I am sure the General Government intends just this, but for some reason or other it is not understood by the mustering officers. Major Sitgreaves, at Albany, has no orders whatever. He therefore only can muster a full regiment.

Faithfully, yours,

E. D. MORGAN.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 19, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON:

Your telegram about militia of reserve received. Of the uniformed portion little is left, because of the large recruiting from it for volunteers. Think a general requisition from your Department for home guards would seriously interfere with recruiting for the three-years' service. I suggest that you authorize me to call into such temporary service as you may designate such regiments and companies of the uniformed portion of the guards as I may find to be available and prudent. Three or four regiments and a few companies additional could be made available, I think.

W. DENNISON,

Governor.

HARRISBURG, PA., August 19, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Which are the independent regiments accepted by the War Department, and where are they located? We will send all the men forward in our power.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Providence, R. I., August 19, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your two telegrams of the 18th received this day.* I have replied that a battery of artillery and 1,000 men could be forwarded to Washington without detriment to enlistments, and would come immediately under Burnside. Answer if wanted.

I have delayed issuing the order awaiting your answer, which I hope to receive affirmatively.

---------------

* The originals, on file in the War Department, are dated August 19, but it is evident that some copies were telegraphed on the 18th.

---------------

