
MADISON, WIS., August 19, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

In reply to your dispatch of 19th, I would say that our uniformed militia have gone into service. We have no home guards to call up. We have been embarrassed from the first with large numbers of companies seeking service, but we could not get them accepted. If Government will call on us for four or six more regiments, and agree to muster them into service at once, and to refund our expenses on presentation of vouchers, we can have all the men we want speedily. On same understanding we can raise a regiment of cavalry. We have a large number of European artillerymen, but no cannon. Answer by telegraph and send detailed instructions by letter.

A. W. RANDALL,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 19, 1861.

Governor RANDALL,

Madison, Wis.:

You may organize and equip as rapidly as possible five regiments of infantry and five batteries of artillery, and procure for them necessary clothing and equipment according to U. S. regulations and prices, subject to the inspection of U. S. officers. Expenses incurred will be refunded by the Government. If you need the cannon at once, send us an order and they shall be forwarded, and such other arms as may be necessary. Please answer if this is understood and satisfactory.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 20, 1861 - 5.40 p. m.

Colonel THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War, Philadelphia, Pa.:

You will use the authority of this Department to send immediately to Washington every man who has volunteered for three years or the war. We only want those troops who are willing to serve their country for the period named.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPT., QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., August 20, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I inclose an estimate* for funds for special purposes in the service of the quartermaster's department at Saint Louis.

While all the money asked for, $ 655,400, will doubtless be needed there, and I have therefore signed the requisition for that amount, I have notified Captain Turnley, assistant quartermaster, as directed by you, that you disapprove of the purchase of horses in Canada, our own citizens being able to supply, and anxious at this time of depression of business to supply, all the horses needed for the Army.

---------------

* Omitted.

---------------

