
That the price, $ 130 per horse, at which he estimates, is in the opinion of the Quartermaster-General at least $ 30 too high, making a difference in the cost of mounting a regiment of not less than $ 30,000. Many orders have been taken for the supply of horses delivered in this city at $ 115 to $ 120. These horses, many of them, come from the West, and contractors have offered horses even from Iowa to be delivered here at $ 125. A contract was readily taken to furnish General Lane's Kansas cavalry regiment with 1,000 horses delivered at Quincy, Ill., at $ 96 each.

Captain Turnley has been informed that while the Government wishes to prosecute the war efficiently, it is in need of every dollar it can raise, and all extravagances must be avoided.

I have already stated these things to you verbally, and you requested me to put them in writing, and to inclose the estimate of Captain Turnley to you to be brought to the attention of the President.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

[AUGUST 20, 1861. - For T. W. Sherman to Townsend, relative to organization of expeditionary force, see Series I, Vol. VI, p. 168.]

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., August 20, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

The three cavalry regiments are full and many more reported. Shall I accept all offered, or how many?

RICHD. YATES,

Governor.

DAVENPORT, IOWA, August 20, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON:

Governor Kirkwood is in New York City. In Iowa there are no uniformed militia or home guards sufficient for the consideration of Government in this exigency. They are mere fragmentary and scattering companies. We are now making up new regiments and need all our home material. Your home-guard requisition had better not be made until these regiments are formed.

N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 20, 1861.

N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General State of Iowa, Davenport, Iowa:

Go on and complete promptly a regular volunteer organization. I will not call on the home guards for service here.

SIMON CAMERON.

BOSTON, August 20, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Do you want Second and Fourth Battalions Infantry Massachusetts Militia for three-months' service? They are both fully organized and

28 R R - SERIES III, VOL I

