
equipped, ready to march at a day's notice - 300 to 500 strong. They comprise flower of young men of Boston, and moral effect of the service would be great. Please reply whether they are wanted. If yes, telegraph requisition. I made same inquiry yesterday, but have received no answer.

J. J. ANDREW,

Governor.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

New York, August 20, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Agreeably to your order of the 19th instant I have directed the regiments mentioned in the orders, copies of which are herewith sent, to leave for Washington at the various dates therein designated.* Power should at once be given to me to consolidate companies which have been mustered into the U. S. service into regiments, or to direct them to organize under the State call, as the circumstances of each case may require. As they now are, they are an expense to the Government and a benefit to nobody. I am also quite sure that no more regiments should be accepted by the Government, and that the requirements of the Department for troops should be met by the Governors of States. I at least desire to express the opinion of New York upon that subject. Will you also have an order inclosed to me by return mail, directing mustering officers to muster under my directions, and in such numbers as I shall deem the interests of the service to require. I shall then be able to strengthen our force at the seat of war largely and rapidly. Colonel Crosman has not yet arrived.

I have the honor to be, yours, respectfully,

E. D. MORGAN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 20, 1861 - 10 a. m.

Governor MORGAN,

Albany, N. Y.:

The prompt forwarding of volunteer regiments will remove the necessity for a requisition to send temporary forces.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 20, 1861 - 1.38 p. m.

Governor DENNISON,

Columbus, Ohio:

If the volunteers accepted are organized promptly, we will not need temporary forces and prefer not using them. Urge forward volunteer organizations.

SIMON CAMERON.

---------------

* The marching orders referred to were addressed to the First and Second Regiments of Cavalry, and to the Forty-seventh, Fifty- fifth, Sixty-second, Sixty-fifth, Sixty-seventh, Sixty-eighth, and Seventy-fourth Regiments of Infantry.

---------------

