
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, August 21, 1861 - 1.56 p. m.

Governor A. G. CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

Do whatever you think best for the public service.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

HARRISBURG, August 21, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

I forward dispatch just received from Philadelphia and await your reply:

PHILADELPHIA, August 21, 1861.

Governor A. G. CURTIN:

I can detach for service immediately at Washington one regiment of infantry of about 1,000 men, one battalion of rifles, and one company of artillery to be armed by the Government with a battery; also a squadron of cavalry, if horsed, armed, and equipped by the Government; for a term not exceeding three months.

A. J. PLEASONTON,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, August 21, 1861 - 9 p. m.

Governor A. G. CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

The Department will not call on the home guards or the Gray Reserves for temporary service. I have so telegraphed Colonel Pleasonton.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE CHAMBER,

Harrisburg, Pa., August 21, 1861.

To the PRESIDENT:

SIR: The government of Pennsylvania is and has been earnestly desirous of doing its full duty to the Commonwealth and the country. It has done and will continue to do everything in its power to fulfill the requisitions and facilitate the operations of the Government of the United States, without presuming to criticise or find fault, even when they may appear to be irregular or indiscreet. What I am about to say will therefore not be understood as said in the way of complaint, but merely for the purpose of calling attention to some arrangements, the effect of which has probably been overlooked by the authorities at Washington.

It appears clearly from the acts of Congress of 22nd and 25th of July last that the President has power to accept volunteers otherwise than through the State authorities only in cases where those authorities refuse or omit to furnish volunteers at his call or on his proclamation. The act of Assembly of Pennsylvania of 15th of May last contains, among others, a provision, "That it shall not be lawful for any volunteer soldier to leave this Commonwealth as such unless he shall have

