
would probably advance to such a point as would materially check the consumption. The public feeling, he remarked, had undergone a great change. At first it was entirely in favor of the North, but the passage of the Morrill tariff, together with the fear of trouble which the lack of cotton would cause, had produced a change in the public feeling, which was now generally in favor of the South. Such was the answer; and in remarking on it Mr. Campbell said that, from some other facts which he was not at liberty to mention, he felt confident that France would recognize the Confederate States before November, and, if it was necessary, in order to obtain cotton, would break the blockade. He, however, said the British Government had no such intentions; that if the Confederates were successful they might recognize them, but that they would give them no material aid; that such was the feeling of the Government now, he knew.

I have endeavored hastily to give you an idea of the conversation, which to me appeared very important, for if Mr. Campbell is not greatly belied by those who know him well, he has unusual facilities for obtaining correct information. I would just add that he was a friend and associate of the Emperor Napoleon previous to 1848, and that he crossed over from the Austrian to the French camp after the battle of Solferino with information which led to the peace of Villa Franca.

I have been in Birmingham for a few days, and have learned there that a house is shipping guns to New York as general merchandise. That house has one order for 20,000 from a New York house, but they have another order given out there about which they are rather mysterious, and which I believe to be for the South. I should think it would be impossible for arms to be sent South from New York, but I am positivt it is done. It would be easy to have every package that is landed in New York examined. If I can get time I will call on you in the course of the day.

faithfully, yours,

JOHN NORRIS, JR.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, August 23, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON:

Is it possible you have authorized W. G. Sherwin to organize a regiment of artillery? If so, for God's sake withdraw the authority. Such commission will make a farce of the public service. It is not possible to pursue any system in organizing troops in Ohio so long as you authorize the raising of any outside of the discretion and immediate direction of the Governor. I pray you to issue no more such.

W. DENNISON,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 23, 1861.

Governor DENNISON,

Cincinnati, Ohio:

Message received. I have telegraphed Colonel Sherwin as follows:

In order to systematize military forces in Ohio, you will report at once to Governor Dennison and conform to his directions in organizing.

These men when mustered will be under your control.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

