
I replied as follows:

AUGUST 19, 1861.

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your two telegrams of the 18th received this day. I have replied that a battery of artillery and 1,000 men could be forwarded to Washington without detriment to enlistments, and would come immediately under Burnside. Answer if wanted.

I have delayed issuing the order awaiting your answer, which I hope to receive affirmatively.

The three-years' regiments have been delayed in their enlistments from many causes, but I am now in hopes to fill them up immediately. These new levies are, however, unfit to enter the field at present, as their drill is imperfect.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

WM. SPRAGUE.

Subsequently I received the following telegram:

AUGUST 19, 1861.

What number of three-years' men could you give us now, provided we do not use the men for temporary service? The Governors generally fear that doing so would seriously interfere with regular recruiting, and we have not as yet accepted temporary forces. Would rather not use them if we can get sufficient that are enrolled for the war.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

I then replied as follows:

I cannot send any three-years' regiments now. Many causes have operated to retard enlistments. Troops for temporary service I know are very objectionable.

WM. SPRAGUE.

In answer to an inquiry from General Stead, you telegraphed:

Regiments wanted immediately. Forward them with best arms you have.

I then dispatched as follows:

Notice your telegram to General Stead. Do your order our First Regiment and battery for temporary service?

I received a reply as follows:

It is not the intention of this Department to order regiments for temporary service. Telegraph me whether Burnside arms have yet been made for the First Regiment.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

Colonel Burnside awaited this reply. I informed them they would not be wanted. The men and officers live in all parts of the State, and were all ready to go. The excitement was over at once. To-night I have your telegram:

AUGUST 23, 1861.

Letter of 19th received. Forward battery of artillery and 1,000 men immediately. Thanks for your promptness.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

Burnside has left for the West. His regiment is a peculiar one - men of position, of wealth, and of ease. I will try to bring them on, but must consider it coolly. Ripley must forward me the ordnance, cannon, and carriages for two batteries. The men are here and drilling. I cannot send them without. Two regiments and these batteries are progressing well. I am daily perfecting their organization. I shall do all that man could do to have them with you. I can do no more. I cannot send them unequipped. They cannot be brought advantageously before the enemy. I have requested a favor of you which Major Tompkins will present to Mr. Lesley. I hope for no refusal.

29 R R - SERIES III, VOL I

