
Colonel Justus Ingersoll McCarty, commanding Fourth Regiment Rhode Island Volunteers, desires to be empowered as a mustering officer. The public service will be promoted thereby. May I ask Mr. Lesley to give particular attention to this and forward authority by next mail?

The mustering officer for New England, Colonel Loomis, has been ordered away. I want McCarty to have this power.

I hope you will give our rifle company orders for Burnside carbines and rifles.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

WM. SPRAGUE.

SAINT JOHNSBURY, August 23, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON:

Two full regiments of volunteers will have been enlisted in all for three years next week, or during the war, armed, but not uniformed. Shall I send them forward? Will the Government uniform and equip them, or shall I detain them here till I can procure their outfit?

ERASTUS FAIRBANKS.

SPRINGFIELD, August 24, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

The three cavalry regiments are full and many more reported. Shall I accept all offered, or how many? An immediate answer is solicited.

RICHD. YATES,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, August 24, 1861.

Honorable FRANCIS THOMAS,

Cumberland, Md.:

You have authority to muster in men from Pennsylvania living near the border.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Detroit, Mich., August 24, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that the Sixth Regiment of Michigan Volunteer Infantry, numbering at date of last report 950 officers and men, and mustered into the service of the United States, will leave their regimental rendezvous at Kalamazoo on Thursday, the 29th instant, and proceeding by rail to Detroit, thence by steamer to Cleveland, and thence by rail to Pittsburg and Harrisburg, will arrive at Washington about Sunday morning, the 1st proximo. The regiment will be supplied before their departure with uniforms (of blue), undershirts, drawers, forage- caps, stockings, and shoes, and with tents, cooking utensils, haversacks, and canteens. I request that provision may be made for furnishing them with arms and accouterments immediately on their arrival at Washington, and that I may be notified thereof by

