
telegraphic dispatch before they leave Detroit. The Seventh Regiment of Michigan Volunteer Infantry, numbering at date of last report 900 officers and men, will leave their regimental rendezvous at Monroe, via rail for Cleveland, and thence by the same route to Washington, as above designated for the Sixth supplied with clothing and camp equipage similar to that furnished the Sixth Regiment, on the 2nd proximo, and will arrive at Washington about the 5th proximo. The Fith and First Regiment of Michigan Volunteer Infantry, now being rapidly concentrated at their respective regimental rendezvous at Detroit and Ann Arbor, will be forwarded to Washington at as early a day as will be possible to supply them with the clothing indispensably necessary to enable them to leave their respective rendezvous. This clothing is under contract, and is being pressed forward with all possible dispatch.

I will hereafter report the earliest possible day at which I can forward the Eighth Regiment of Michigan Infantry, now being concentrated at Grand Rapids. I have organized the Ninth Regiment, which will be filled to its complement at an early day succeeding the completion of the organization of the Eighth. Lieutenant Colonel e. backs, mustering officer for the State of Michigan, who has been charged by your Department with the organization of Stockton's independent regiment of infantry and of Broadhead's independent regiment of cavalry (both now being concentrated at Detroit) will report to you the day on which these regiments will be prepared to leave Detroit.

Your obedient servant,

AUSTIN BLAIR,

Governor of Michigan.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Trenton, N. J. August 24, 1861.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of te of New Jersey has responded and will respond to al calls which the General Government may make upon her to maintain

the supremacy of the Government and the laws. I can raise, uniform, arm, and equip the regiments from this State. One I have already sent, and I have two theirs nearly ready. I can furnish competent company officers,and fair lieutenant-colonels an majors, but I cannot find in this State or in civil life competent to lead the regiments. It is of the utmost importance that I should have officers of the Regular Army for colonels, and I feel that the General Government owes it to this State to furnish at least colonels to lead the thousands of her citizens whom she arms and sends into the service of that Government.

Permit me to request your direct interposition to secure me the services of the officers who will be named to you by Mr. Gummere, the bearer of this note.

Your obedient servant,

CHS. S. OLDEN.

[First indorsement.]

AUGUST 27, 1861.

Will Lieutenant-General Scott see the bearer and write briefly on the within letter of the Governor of New Jersey what can be done in the premises.

A. LINCOLN.

