
[Inclosure Numbers 1.*]

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

GENERAL ORDERS, General HDQRS. STATE OF NEW YORK, Numbers 90. Adjt. General's Office, Albany, August 24, 1861.

I. Commandants of volunteer regiments from this State, both of infantry or cavalry, other than those organized pursuant to the act of April 16, 1861, or the proclamation of the Governor, dated July 25, 1861, must file the certificate of the mustering officer who made the examination, together with the proper medical certificate, that the regiments are entitled to an organization, also authenticated copies of the company and field and staff muster-rolls in the office of the adjutant-general of this State before commissions will be issued by the Governor.

II. The following additions and modifications are made to General Orders, Numbers 78:

1. Whenever any person shall enlist and bring to either of the depots established by General Orders, Numbers 78 (in accordance with the provisions of paragraph 5 of said order), not less than thirty-two men, who shall be accepted and pass the medical examination and be mustered into the service of the United States, the commandant of the depot shall thereupon issue a certificate to such person, stating that the service has been rendered, and that the person receiving it is entitled to pay therefor. The holder of such certificate, upon presenting the same to the U. S. disbursing officer at the place where the depot is located, will be entitled to receive $2 for each man so mustered into the U. S. service, the aggregate amount not to exceed &amp;64 for each company of men so enlisted and mustered.

2. The pay of privates shall commence from the date of inspection, as directed in paragraph 5 of General Orders, Numbers 78, provided they pass the medical examination required in the same paragraph.

The above rule will apply to recruits who may be enlisted from time to time to complete the company organization.

3. The date of rank of company officers shall be that of their nomination, as provided in paragraph 7 of General Orders, Numbers 78.

4. Companies will be mustered into the service of the United States as soon as they have thirty-two or more men who have passed a medical examination, and they will then be provided with uniforms.

By order of the commander-in-chief:

THO. HILLHOUSE,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Washington, D. C., Augustus 25, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary War:

SIR: I would respectfully suggest that a circular be sent from your Department to the Governors of the several States from which volunteers have been accepted,requesting that no regiment hereafter to be received, whether raised, under the authority of the Governors or of the Department, may be uniformed in gray, that being the color generally worn by the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army.

---------------

*See General Orders, Numbers 78, July 30, p. 369.

---------------

