
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, August 25, 1861.

Governor RICHARD YATES,

Springfield, Ill.:

Your telegram received. You were authorized by telegram of 14th instant to accept all companies of troops willing to enter the service.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

SAINT LOUIS, August 25, 1861.

Honorable M. BLAIR:

Jefferson C. Davis, a lieutenant in U. S. Army, was sent here by the Governor of Indiana in command of regiment. He is informed by Adjutant-General Thomas that he cannot retain his command. I will ask if he and a few Army officers I have found may be allowed to retain command of their regiments.

J. C. FREMONT,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

I propose that officers of the grade of captain and below be furnished to volunteers, and those now actin with volunteers be suffered to remain with them to the extent of 100, and that the places of those officers be partially supplied in the regular service by commissioning as lieutenants the two upper classes at West Point.

M. BLAIR.

SIMON CAMERON.

Approved.

A. LINCOLN.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 66. Washington, August 26, 1861.

I the commissioned officers of all volunteer and militia organizations, no matter whether established under the authority of a State or of the United States, will be regarded as having been commissioned on the day when mustered into the service of the United States, and will take rank in their respective grades, will be entitled to pay, and be obeyed and respected in their several positions from that date.

II. Hereafter no minors will be mustered into there service of the United States as volunteers without the consent of their parents or guardians.

* * * *

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPART., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 67. Washington, August 26, 1861.

By the fifty-seventh article of the act of Congress entitled "An act for establishing rules and articles for the government of the armies of the United States," approved April 10, 1806, "holding correspondence with or giving intelligence to the enemy, either directly or indirectly,

