
is made punishable by death, or such other punishment as shall be ordered by the sentence of a court-martial.

Public safety requires strict enforcement of this article. It is therefore ordered that all correspondence, and communication, verbally or by writing printing, or telegraphic, respecting operations of the Army or military movements on land or water, or respecting the troops, camps, arsenals, entrenchments, or military affairs, within the several military districts, by which intelligence shall be, directly or indirectly, given to the enemy without the authority and sanction of the general in command, be and the same are absolutely prohibited, and from and after the date of this order persons violating the same will be proceeded against under the Fifty-seventh Article of War.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 26, 1861.

Major-General McCLELLAN, U. S. Army,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit for your information a list of all the regiments or companies accepted by this Department for the service of the United States since the 8th of July last.

I am, with high regard, your obedient servant,

JAS. LESLEY, JR.,

Chief Clerk War Department.

[Inclosure.]

Statement of the number of troops accepted by the United States Government since the 8th of July, 1861.

WAR DEPARTMENT, August 3, 1861.

Maine, 1 regiment infantry.

Vermont, 2 companies artillery.

Massachusetts, 10 regiments infantry, 2 companies artillery.

Rhode Island, 2 regiment infantry, 2 companies artillery.

Connecticut, 4 regiments infantry, 1 company cavalry.

New York, 75 regiments and 13 companies infantry, 8 regiments cavalry, 2 regiments and 7 companies artillery.

New Jersey, 7 regiments infantry, 1 company artillery.

Pennsylvania, 57 regiments and 5 companies infantry, 3 regiments and 4 companies, cavalry, 1 regiment and 2 companies artillery.

Maryland, 4 regiments infantry, 4 companies cavalry.

Virginia, 8 regiments infantry, 2 regiments cavalry.

Ohio, 22 regiments infantry, 1 regiment and 1 company cavalry, 1 regiment and 2 companies artillery.

Indiana, 15 regiments infantry, 6 companies cavalry, 3 companies artillery.

Illinois, 25 regiments infantry, 3 regiments cavalry, 1 regiment and 1 company artillery.

Missouri, 18 regiments infantry, 6 regiments cavalry, 2 regiments artillery.

Michigan, 6 regiments infantry.

Wisconsin, 2 regiments infantry, 9 companies cavalry.

