
strongly to cement a yet closer union. Third. It would satisfy England that hands-off was her best policy. Forth. The moment it is proven that blacks are used in the Southern Army to fight us, I propose to recruit a few regiments of sables in Canada to meet that enemy, and think this would be an opening wedge for that movement. My colleague willing traduce Colonel Elliott, and explain more at large.

Very truly, yours,

Z. CHANDLER.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE,Camp Roach's Mills, August 27, 1861.

Major-General MCCLELAN,

Commanding Army of the Potomac:

SIR: The formation and organization of German regiments in the cities of New York and Philadelphia, is comparatively to the number of recruits and the war spirit of the German population, going on very slowly. The reason is apparent: There are too many regiments at once in state of formation, so that, instead of finishing and completing ten or twelve full regiments, we have twenty-five or thirty skeletons, and very so-called colonel has a personal interest that his men do not join another organization to complete, it fearing he would lose his pretended and cherished colonelship. I propose, therefore, that you may allow me to send one of my officers to New York and one to Philadelphia, with he order of the national Government to collect and unite al these mutilated and scattered companies and regiments and to send, in parties of not less than thirty-four, instantaneously to my camp, to be organized into companies and regiments in the camp, independently of all local, political or personal influences and jealousies.

I have the honor to inclose herewith a petition, submitted to the Secretary of War of the 25th July and 12th of August, which, as you will see, expresses the same views.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

LOUIS BLENKER,

Brigadier-General, Commanidng Fourth Brigade.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 27, 1861.

Respectfully forwarded to the Headquarters of the Army with the recommendation that General Blenker be empowered to raise a German brigade in New York and Philadelphia.

Respectfully,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE, Washington, July 25, 1861.

His Excellency SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I beg leave to make to you most respectfully the following representation:

In consequence of numerous letters, offers, and petitions sent to me from all parts of the Union, especially from the States of New York, New Jersey, and Pennsylvania, by men of position and influence.

