
I have the conviction that I can raise in the shortest delay a second whole German brigade, consisting of officers and partly of men who have seen service and actual war abroad, and to organize in this way a German division. I want only legal authorization to do it, and the means, necessary for the expenses of recruiting, subsistence, and indispensable clothing. The full equipments of the regiments can be furnished, when the recruits arrive at headquarters, by the national Government. I would be obliged by a speedy and decisive answer.

Respectfully, your most obedient servant,

LOUIS BLENKER,

Commanding Fourth Brigade.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] HEADQUARTERS FOURTH BRIGADE, Camp Roach's Mills, August 12, 1861.

His Excellency SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: There was some misunderstanding concerning the regiments I offered for acceptance. The regiments I offered are now in progress of formation at New York-one cavalry regiment, Colonel Dickel's; one regiment of artillery, Colonel Fack, two reliable an capable officers, who offered to join my brigade; besides these, two New York infantry regiments who wish me to take the direction and lead of their organization. In New Jersey, also, one regiment and five companies made to me the same proposition.

I hope and believe that if the Government charges me to take in and complete organization of these regiments, and to select for them such officers as I know by experience to be men of military accomplishments and Honorable characters, that in a very short delay all those regiments will be completed, because there is nothing more wanted than one power to direct them all, and one name under whose aegis the organization may be completed. I ask, therefore, the honor and favor of the national Government to send me or another general to New York, with full power to concentrate and unite the now scattered numbers of the thousands of Germans ready to fight for the preservation of the Union, and who expect nothing else than a leading chief of whom they have confidence.

I am, sir, your most obedient servant,

LOUIS BLENKER,

Commanding Fourth Brigade.

[AUGUST 27, 1861.-For Cameron to Governors of Maine, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut and New York, requesting organization of troops for service under General T. W. Sherman, see Series I, Vol. VI, p. 169.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 27, 1861.

His Excellency governor ANDREW,

Boston, Mass.:

SIR: You are hereby authorized to organize five additional regiments of volunteers (infantry), in accordance with General Orders, Nos. 58 and 61, herewith inclosed.*

---------------

*See pp. 412, 424.

---------------

