
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., August 27, 1861.

Governor ALEXANDER RAMSEY,

Saint Paul, Minn.:

This Department accepts the offer a company of sharpshooters and company of cavalry; but the cavalry cannot be attached to an infantry regiment.

JAMES LESLEY, JR.,

Chief of Clerk War Department.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERALS' OFFICE, Numbers 69. Washington, August 28, 1861.

I. Commanding officers of volunteer regiments or independent companies will take measures to keep the strength of their commands up t the maximum standard of organization prescribed by General Orders, Numbers 15, current, series, from this Department for cavalry and infantry, and General Orders, Numbers 16, current series, from the same Department, for artillery. For this purpose they will detail from time to time, as required, one commissioned officer, or two if necessary, with one or two non- commissioned officers or privates, to recruit in the district sin which the regiments or companies were raised.

The authority for the officers and men thus detailed to leave their regiments or companies must be approved by the brigade and division commanders and the general commanding the department or corps d'armee.

Immediately upon their arrival at their stations or, if more convenient, upon their way thither, the commissioned officers thus detailed will report in person or by letter to the nearest U. S. mustering officer, who will give them instructions in the matters of recruiting, the expenses proper to be incurred therefore, and the rendition of their accounts with proper vouchers.

Mustering officers will muster into service and administer the oath of allegiance to such regiments or recruits brought to them as may present conclusive evidence of their acceptance by this Department.

II. All enlisted men inthe volunteer service, who have been taken prisoners by the enemy and released on paroled will be discharged from the service:

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, August 28, 1861.

Messrs. BARING BROS. &amp; Co.,

Bankers of the United States, London:

GENTLEMEN: I herewith inclose you a coy of a letter from the Secretary of War, and will thank you to comply with the request contained therein by honoring the drafts of Mr. Dayton, Mr. Sandford, and Mr. Schuyler to the amount mentioned.

I am, gentlemen, your obedient servant,

F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary.

