
STATE OF MARYLAND, SECRETARY'S OFFICE,

Annapolis, August 28, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

I inclose herewith letters from gentlemen of high character, all well known to me as good Union men, and commend their enterprise to your very favorably action. Give to the loyal men of Maryland arms, and they will fight like heroes, for the Government of the Unites States. I have heretofore been indisposed to see arms disbursed here; now we know who to rely on.

Your obedient servant,

THO. H. HICKS.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] CHESTERTOWN, August 24, 1861.

[Governor HICKS:]

DEAR SIR: By this mail you have a letter from Vickers, Hines, and myself on the subject of organizing a regiment from this country, or this and Queen Army, if the War Department will not give on to Kent. Will you do us the favor to send it to the Secretary of War and urge its adoption, if you coincide in its propriety? I see movements here and in Baltimore indicating that the secessionists are only biding their time and waiting for a chance to rise up in rebellion. We can keep them down, if we are properly organized and armed. We have, many, many thanks, to you, thus far saved our State from revolution and civil war, and do not let us now lose it from want of proper precaution.

Very truly, yours,

S. W. SPENCER,

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] CHESTERTOWN, MD., August 24, 1861.

His Excellency THOMAS H. HICKS:

DEAR SIR: The battle of manassas has evidently increase secessionist in our State. We think they may avail themselves of the first occasion that offers to precipitate us into revolution, and its is therefore prudent to prepare for any outbreak that may be attempted.

The State of Maryland can without question be kept in the Union if the conservative men are properly organized and armed. A large majority of her people have the good, sense to see that the interests of our State are inseparably blended with the Union, but such has been the fraudulent and violent spirit and course of the secessionists that upon the occasion of another outbreak similar to that of Baltimore the Union men would be again overawed unless they were properly armed, and thus prepared to meet rebellion face too face. The Union men of Maryland can take care of their own State, but they must be armed to do so effectively, and we respectfully ask you to request the War Department to organize the Eastern Shore on the same plan that Governor Thomas is arranging for the defense of Western Maryland.

We should be pleased to see authority given to Major Edward Wilkins, whom you know thoroughly, to raise a regiment of 600 home guards, composed of one company of cavalry, one company of artillery, and eighth companies of infantry. This regiment can be raised in this county, and will aid efficiently in keeping down rebellion in our State.

Respectfully and truly,

S. W. SPENCER.

JESSEE K. HINES.

GEORGIA VICKERS.

