
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, Augusnorable EDWIN D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York, Albany:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your favors of the 19th and 20th instant. In accepting regiments offered directly to the Department by individuals from the various States it was the intention to expedite the raising of troops, and to remove as far as possible the impression that the Department was unwilling to receive all the troops that were offered.

Regimental organizations now within the State of New York have been ordered to Washington, with power to recruit until regiments are full, and their commanding officers have been directed to forward recruits to Washington from time to time. Under the peculiar circumstances I think it would not be advisable to interfere with the parties until such time as they fail to conform to original agreements as made with them and in connection with orders since issued, but in all cases these regiments will be directed to report to the Governor of the State for their commissions. I herewith inclose copies of General Orders, Nos. 58 and 61.* The scope of these orders covers the inquiries in your favor of the 20th instant.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, August 29, 1861.

THOMAS HILLHOUSE, Esg.,

Adjutant-General of the State of New York:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of the 24th instant. While the Department doubts the policy of offering any bounty in view of the increase of regular pay provided by the recent act of Congress, the offer on the part of the Empire State to act thus liberally is regarded as deserving consideration from the United States Government. It will be for Congress hereafter to provide for the refunding of such bounties on the part of the States if deemed advisable.

Sincerely trusting that your efforts and those of the State Executive will be successful in an early organization of the State quota provided in the Government call,

I have the honor to be, dear sir, your most obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

MADISON, WIS., August 29, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Daniels' squadron of cavalry, raised under your special authority, has been ready to be mustered since August 15, and another squadron is now ready. Will you send mustering officer? Ripon his headquarters.

A. W. RANDALL,

Governor.

---------------

*See pp. 412, 424.

---------------

30 R R-SERIES III, VOL I

