
HARTFORD, August 30, 1861.

[SECRETARY OF WAR:]

SIR: Your favor of the 27th instant at hand.* Major Wright called in behalf of General T. W. Sherman, and I have stated to him the condition of the two regiments which will soon be ready for the camp. I shall arm them with good arms and have them fully equipped, as suggested by Major Wright.

Yours, with high regard,

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM.

STATE OF CONNECTICUT, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Hartford, August 30, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I have received Mr. Lesley's favor of August 29, advising me of the offer of John S. Cannon, esg., of New haven, of a company of artillery from that city, and requesting a reply, communicating my views on the subject to the Department.

In consequence of the uniform declination on the part of the War Department to accept artillery from this State I have refused to organize any artillery companies heretofore, supposing that they would not be received. If any are to be received from Connecticut I should prefer that they come through the Executive. Will you communicate your views in regard to the acceptance of such companies to me, an oblige, with great respect, your obedient servant,

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., August 30, 1861.

THOMAS A. SCOTT:

Two regiments have been offered to me from Ohio. I hesitated about taking them as a matter of etiquette. What shall I do?

O. P. MORTON,

Governor.

DAVENPORT, IOWA, August 30, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch of the 19th came in my absence; hence the delay. A requisition for the home guards of the southern part of the State would not interfere with the formation of regiments now called for. Something must be done to quiet Northern Missouri. In my judgment the Union men there should be armed and organized, and backed by a strong armed and organized force in Iowa. Can furnish men for the purpose, but cannot clothe, arm, or equip them; bre uniformed. If called out, they will need at once tents and bankers and arms, which should be sent at once. Whether they will need clothes depends on the length of their service. Northern Missouri is in as bad a condition as Mexico, and the Union men are daily subject to outrages. General Fremont must protect it. The operation will weaken him and embarrass his movement South, if such movements be intended. If

---------------

*See Series I, Vol VI, p. 169.

---------------

