
the Union men of Missouri were armed and organized, and also a strong force in Iowa temporarily stationed at points on our southern boundary, I am satisfied that quiet would be restored, and the men who cause the mischief driven out or arrested. They ought to be hung. I will cheerfully co-operate in any plan you may determine upon. Please advise me fully.

SAML. J. KIRKWOOD,

Governor.

DAVENPORT, IOWA, August 30, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Men are being mustered in in Illinois in squads. Cannot the same be done in Iowa? It will expedite the formation of regiments.

S. J. KIRKWOOD,

Governor.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Saint Paul, Minn., August 30, 1861.

General SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: As yet no call has been made formally upon the loyal States for the embodiment in arms of the entire half million of volunteers which were authorized by one of the late acts of Congress to be raised by them whenever during the present war they may be required by the national Government for its defense; but deeming it probable that this call cannot long be withheld, and that the pressing exigencies of the nation will soon demand the enrollment of this whole force, I hasten to seize time by the forelock, and do now, on behalf of the State of Minnesota, offer to the War Department to raise in this State such forces, additional too those already sent by us into the field, as will be sufficient to make up the full number of 4,000 men, which will be Minnesota's entire quota of the half million authorized to be raised, computing the loyal population of the Union at 22,000,000 and that of Minnesota *as per U. S. census) at 170,000. This quota I propose shall be raised inthe following form (first recapitulating the Minnesota troops already raised or accepted for the U. S. service), viz:

ACCEPTED AND IN ACTIVE SERVICE.

First Regiment of Minnesota Volunteers (Colonel Gorman) is now on the line of the Upper Potomac, and mustered when it left Fort Snelling for Washington 1,023 men. Recruits for said regiment now being sent forward to supply its loss in "killed, wounded, and missing," 150 men.

Total First Regiment, 1,173 men.

ACCEPTED AND NEARLY READY FOR THE FIELD.

Second Regiment of Minnesota Volunteer Infantry (Colonel Van Cleve) is accepted and mustered into the our companies of which are now in camp of instruction at Fort Snelling, its headquarters; two garrison Fort Ripley, on the Upper Mississippi; two Fort Abercrombie, on the Red River of the North, and two Fort Ridgely, on the Upper Minnesota. This Second Regiment is now

