
recruited above the minimum standard, and will shortly be reported ready for service, and will no doubt be raised to the full maximum of 1,046 men.

ACCEPTED.

One company of sharpshooters on the Berdan model (Captain Peteler), just accepted by the Department by telegraph of August 28. This company is yet to be recruited, but will no doubt be easily raised, though information is yet needed, and is hereby asked, from the Department in regard to supply on them with arms, equipments, and clothing and mustering them in, and subsisting them as fast as recruited. This company will be made to muster up to the maximum of 101 men.

One company of cavalry is also just accepted by the Department by telegram of August 28, the intention being to recruit it entirely from experienced cavalry soldiers, mainly Germans, who served or were trained as such in their own country, making a troop at once available for service and nearly as effective as a troops of regulars. Nothing can be done, however, until the U. S. mustering officer here, Captain Nelson, and the U. S. assistant quartermaster, Captain Saunders, receive orders to subsist the recruits of this company and muster them in as fast as they may be offered an whenever and wherever I may request, nor until we know in what manner and where they will be supplied with clothing equipments, arms, and horses. It is not doubted that this company, of horse will be speedily recruited up to the maximum of 95 men. total Minnesotans accepted, 2,415 men.

To which I now propose to add:

Third Regiment of Minnesota a Volunteers raised to the maximum of 1,046 men.

Three companies of cavalry constituting with the German veteran troop already accepted, two squadrons-the three companies to be made to muster the maximum of 285 men.

Four companies of home guards, to be organized as provided for by our State laws, with not less than forty men each, and to be accepted into the U. S. service for the special duty of garrisoning the three forts of Ripley, Abercrobie, and Ridgely, in such proportions as I may direct-probably one company at Ripley, one at Abercrombie, and two at Ridgely, one of which last two might with advantage be cavalry. These four companies will in the aggregate number at least 254 men.

Total,the full quota of Minnesota, 4,000 men.

In making the above proffer at this time, it is in view of the fact that to fill our quota of men will bear much harder, proportionately, on Minnesota than on any other loyal State of the Union and that if Minnesota's whole quota is likely to be required at all, we cannot too soon know, it because while our territory is very large, our population is comparatively small for its area, and much scattered; and being mainly engaged in agriculture, with but few in manufactures, and scarcely any coming under the class of the business of recruiting is more difficult than in States where the people occupy a smaller area, and are engaged in pursuits more affected disastrously by the war, and it will here require a considerable time to organize the force, bring it together and prepare it for service prior to the close of our seams of navigation and the setting in of our winter. The Mississippi River is our only means of convenient transportation, and all military operations and organization should be completed while the season yet permits us to avail ourselves of its advantages. For this reason especially do I

