
for arming these troops. A telegram from General Ripley intimates for the first time a doubt as to whether Government will furnish these arms. A large portion of this force is in camp, nearly ready to march. Unless arms and equipments be furnished, these companies must be disbanded the disastrous effect of which can readily be seen. Added to this force, two regiments of cavalry are being formed under U. S. authority one by Wade and Hutchins, the other by Zahm. What provision has been made for arming and equipping these I am not advised. In this the State can render no aid. I know no difference between these and troops enlisted by authority of the State, and to disband them for want of arms would be as disastrous too the service as if organized by State authority; therefore I earnestly insist upon their being promptly supplied.

Artillery.-Under like assurance from General Ripley we are organizing four batteries of artillery in addition to those now in the field. Harness, sabers, &amp;c., promised by General Ripley should have been here some time since. I have repeatedly communicated with him upon this subject. From his recent correspondence I apprehend he will not furnish them within the time the public service requires. Unless these articles are promptly forwarded, the disbanding of this force may become a necessity. In connection with the Ordnance Department you will call General Ripley's attention to my telegram of - instant relative to furnishing the State with additional cannon, to which he replied that he cold give no promise as to when our wants could be supplied. You will represent to him that in consequence of the large armament sent ot Virginia and Missouri, and distributed along the Ohio border, we have only enough left for six batteries of six guns each-an amount entirely inadequate to the demands of the service.

We have organized and are organizing fifty regiments of infantry, equal to twelve brigades. In the judgment of the State authorities each brigade should have attached at least one battery and a squadron of cavalry. Added to this force it will be necessary for the protection of our border and to meet contingence s to have an artillery reserve equal to the full amount now on hand. What we need, therefore, in this respect ar twelve batteries or seventy-two 6-pounder guns, with all the necessary outfit. You will urge upon General Ripley the importance of supplying the State which with these arms immediately.

If he cannot furnished them I trust he will give the State authority to procure them, and provide the means. I will be responsible for their early procurement. Present to him also the defenseless condition of Cincinnati, and urge him to forward immediately heavy guns for the protection of that city. Strange as it may seem, in view of the forego in facts, the Secretary of War has authorized W. G. Sherwin, of Cincinnati, to enlist a regiment of artillery. How arms, &c., are to be supplies I am not advised. This I may say, that under recent authority from the Secretary of War I will immediately disband his regiment unless a full complement of arms and equipments are furnished; and even in that case I will issue no commission to Sherwin, but organize a regiment as I think the public service requires or have nothing to do with it. I telegraphed the Secretary of War of War a few days since that a regiment of artillery under Sherwin would be a force in the public service.

NECESSITIES OF THE SERVICE AND OBSTACLES IN RECRUITING.

(1.) Finances. The appropriation in aid of the General Government was long since exhausted. The State authorities have, by the most

