
vigorous efforts, complied with the requirements of the Government but can do so no longer where an expenditure of money is required.

Two measures of relief must be immediately provided, viz:

First. Full reimbursement for the amount advanced will be required to enable the State to meet outstanding indebtedness incurred in aid of the General Government. These advances amount to quite $3,000,000. The credit of the State has already suffered seriously from delay in meeting these obligations. The effect of this has been to discourage the friends of our cause; too increase considerably the cost of supplies; to subject the State and Federal Government to gross mi all respects to seriously embarrass the State administration.

Second. Provision must be made by the authorities at Washington to supply promptly means to meet the necessary current expenses incurred in organizing the authorized regiments now in camp and in process of recruiting, as well as for any additional force the Government may want from Ohio. It is impossible for the State to furnish these means without convening the Legislature in order to procure further appropriations, which for the gravest reasons connected with the public interest, I am unwilling to do. How these means are to be furnished I leave to the Government. Whether the money shall be deposited with the State authorities, to be disbursed by them on proper vouchers, or a Federal officer be sent here with funds to co-operate with said authorities, the Government at Washington must determine; but unless suit able provision is made to meet these expenses promptly I can give no promise that the quota of troops from Ohio will be furnished. Our embarrassed condition has been heretofore made know to the Secretary of the Treasury.

The fact that our appropriation in aid of the United States has been exhausted, and that we cannot call together the Legislature at the present moment, renders it indispensable that the United State shall make some arrangement at once for subsisting the various camps in Ohio, where recruiting and enrollment is going on. Without such aid the recruiting service will be embarrassed, if not entirely suspended, because of our inability too provide subsistence. You will therefore present the subject to the Secretary of War and Commissary-General fully and in its true light, in order that they may fully comprehend its importance and be advised of the consequences that must and will result to the service if the United States shall fail to provide subsistence for these camps and recruiting stations.

In connection with our finances I desire you to explain fully and in detail everything relating to the subsistence department, and to communicate especially the constant embarrassment to which Ohio has been subjected in not having the necessary subsistence provided by the assistant commissary of this department.

Assuming that he has been acting under orders of his superiors, I have found it impossible to get him to meet the necessities of the services, all of which you will explain to the proper department. Though during the early part of this conflict serious embarrassment was felt, arising from want of a proper co- operation on the part of the Quarter master's Department with the State authorities in preparing troops of the field, I am happy to say that the hearty co-operation of General Meigs is now rendered in meeting the demands of the public service.

The authority of the Secretary of War to private individuals to organize troops prevents the filling up of regiments in process of organization by the State, and results in keeping all in a fragmentary condition for

