
an indefinite length of time, which is enormously expensive to the government, demoralizing to the troops, causes confusion and dangerous delays, and renders impossible a uniform and efficient system of organization. It is indispensable that this policy be abandoned immediately.

I have earnestly urged this upon the Secretary of War, and trust that mo more like embarrassment will be permitted. The recruiting service in Ohio will be greatly facilitated by conferring upon the Executive power to direct the mode of mustering in of mustering in of officers and privates enlisted to fill up the regiments expected from Ohio for the service of the United States.

The following order is respectfully submitted as embracing what is required, and without which great delay in filling up our regiments will inevitable occur:

Order.-For the purpose of facilitating the enlistment and organization of volunteers in Ohio, it is hereby ordered that the Governor of the State may directly the mustering to muster into the U. S. service one field and one staff officer of each regiment as soon as, in his judgment, it may be necessary.

When a company of fifty men is enlisted an ordered into camp, they may, on arrival, be mustered into the service with a captain, and after recruiting up too the full number the two lieutenants shall be appointed and mustered in.

Whenever in the opinion of the Governor, the necessities of the service require a more rapid organization of a regiment,two imperfect companies or regiments may be united into one; in which case the officers mustered in will be assigned to such position in the new regiment as the Governor may direct.

During the time the companies are in their camps of rendezvous they will be subject to such rules and regulations (in conformity with the orders of this Department and the laws of Congress) as the Governor may prescribe.

You will repeat in substance the following request, long since made of the Secretary of War, viz: That power be conferred upon the Executive of Ohio to direct the heads of the several braces of the public service connected with the organization of troops in Ohio as he may deem necessary in matters connected with said service. Such authority is only commensurate with the responsibility devolving upon the Executive.

The embarrassment and delay resulting from its absence have seriously retarded and prevented the satisfactory preparation of troops in Ohio for the field, and will inevitably produce like results hereafter, unless the War Department shall be able to issue directly such orders as would be issued by the Executive of the State.

You will urge upon the Secretary of War the importance of making Camp Dennison, in Ohio, a camp of instruction, and of placing it in charge of a competent officer, with capacity commensurate, with his duties, and who will ire soldiers and citizens with confidence in his ability to meet emergencies.

The danger of civil war in Kentucky is by all regarded as imminent, and the moment it arrives we may reasonably expect Kentucky to be invaded from Tennessee by a large army, having for its object, among others, the capture and sacking of Cincinnati.

