
Recognizing the force of these obligations, and in accordance with pledges given too the citizens of that city through their committed, I would recommend the placing under command of the officer having charge of Camp Dennison all the troops at that camp and in Cincinnati for active service, and I have named to said committed Brigadier General O. M. Mitchel as the officer I would recommend for this position, which you will please do.

In that connection you may properly say that from the long residence of General Mitchel in Cincinnati and his accurate knowledge of the topography of the country (in which he is not excelled by any man), united to his high personal and professional merit, his appointment would inspire universal confidence among the people of Ohio.

Prisoners.-In accordance with his request, instructions were some time since given to General McClellan to send prisoners to Ohio. Regarding the jails of the State as being insecure and improper places for their confinement, I caused to be erected at Camp Chase a prison of capacity sufficient for the accommodation of 450 inmates, and upon a plan capable of enlargement. A considerable number have been and are there confined, and others are continually arriving. I desire specific instructions in regard to the disposition to be made of them.

Any aid the Government may require of the authorities of the State will be cheerfully rendered.

W. DENNISON,

Governor of Ohio.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 31, 1861-10.36 a. m.

Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis:

Lay aside etiquette. Organize soldiers as rapidly as you can. Get them, no matter where from, so they are loyal, good men.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., August 31, 1861.

THOMAS A. SCOTT:

I have the detected a plan to burn the bridges on the roads from the interior of this State in the direction of Louisville to prevent the moving of troops in that direction, and will detail troops to-morrow to guard the roads. The Government must not suffer affairs to drift on until it is too late. I hope to hear something from you soon.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., August 31, 1861.

Colonel THOMAS A. SCOTT:

The force now being organized in this State, and shortly to go into camp of instruction near this city, will amount to about five brigades, of four regiments each. To complete the proper equipment of this force and prepare it to take field, ready for efficient service, at least five field batteries, of six guns each are indispensably necessary. If authorized by the War Department, I could have them furnished at the same

