
the Continent may prove more successful. We need arms. Secure them at any reasonable price, and forward without delay. Being in the market, you have better means of judging as to the proper course to be pursued than we can have. The whole matter is therefore referred to your judgment and discretion.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., September 2, 1861-3.50 p. m.

General SHERMAN,

Stevens House, Neew York:

Please call on the Governors of the States authorized to supply regiments upon your requisitions. Get the first they have ready that are suitable for your purpose. Complete organization at the earliest practicable date. New York may be able to give three immediately.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

NEW YORK, September 2, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch is received. The Governors have already been called upon for the first troops. They will commence arriving to-morrow. All the dispatch shall be made that is practicable. I will telegraph the Governors again to secure dispatch.

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 2, 1861-10.50 a. m.

Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis:

I will send bugles. Organize your regiments and equip them as rapidly as possible. Hold them in camps of instruction within your own State, subject to the wants of the Government, until further orders.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF PENNSYLVANIA,Baltimore, Md., September 2, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The inclosed letter from General Wallace I consider of urgent importance. If you will direct tents to be furnished for 300 men and subsistence to be provided as rapidly as they are enrolled arrangements can be made here to carry out your order. I think the Eastern Shore of Maryland in great danger, and immediate steps should be taken to counteract the designs of the secessionists.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. DIX,

Major-General, Commanding.

