
Eleventh. All other expenses allowed for recruiting in the regular service not herein mentioned, and incurred for volunteers previous to their muster into the U. S. service.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Numbers 16. Washington, September 3, 1861.

The General-in-Chief is happy to announce that the Treasure Depart ment-to meet future payments to the troops-is about to supply, besides coin, as heretofore, Treasury notes, in fives, tens, and twenties, as good as gold at all banks and Government officers throughout the United States, and most convenient for transmission by mail from officers and men to their families at home. Good husbands, fathers, sons, and brothers, serving under the Stars and Stripes, will thus soon have the ready and safe means of relieving an immense amount of suffering which could not be reached with coin.

In making up such packages every officer may be relied upon, no doubt, for such assistance as may be needed by his men.

By command of Lieutenant-General Scott:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, September 3, 1861.

His Excellency Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis, Ind.:

At the instance of Kentucky,* the President desire that you send without delay five regiments, including Colonel Wallace's to such points on the Ohio as General Anderson may be supposed to approve.

WINFIELD SCOTT.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 3, 1861.

Honorable G. N. FITCH,

Logonsport, Ind.:

DEAR SIR: Having great faith in your abilities and courage, I take pleasure in accepting the regiment tendered in your letter of the 27th ultimo, subject, however to the approval of the Governor of the State of Indiana, who has requested that no more be accepted from his State by this Department until has he furnished the quota called for by the Government. I would therefore most respectfully ever you to the Governor, who, I doubt not, will be happy to afford you every facility in the organization of our regiment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

---------------

* See Boyle and Speed to Lincoln, Series I, Vol. Iv, p. 256.

---------------

