
EXECUTIVE CHAMBER,

Annapolis, Md., September 3, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, and all concerned:

I with pleasure and with entire confidence introduce to your favorable acquaintance Colonel Arthur G. Willis, and beg, as an indispensable favor and necessity, that you furnish him with the tents and subsistence as indicated by Major-General Dix. Rely upon it, the Eastern Shore of Maryland should be looked to; it is defenseless, the people helpless for want of organization and arms, and they are now moving in the right and with earnestness. Aid them, I beg you. We have as good fighting material in the Union element in those eight counties composing the Eastern Shore of Maryland as can be found anywhere, and they unable even to arrest the secessionists that are how passing in great numbers through that section to the Eastern Shore of Virginia, where the Confederates are getting together a pretty formidable force . I have known Colonel Willis from his boyhood. He is a man of standing, of means, and we have nowhere a more thorough and entire Union man, and none that is working harder to get up a home brigade than is Mr. Willis. Colonel Wallace's letters will explain themselves. I trust you may be able to give them full aid.

I am, truly and obediently.

THO. H. HICKS.

SEPTEMBER 4, 1861.

I think provision should at once be made for organizing a force in Eastern Maryland, as recommended by Governor Hicks and General Dix. Let it be done at once, if possible.

A. LINCOLN.

[Inclosure.]

CAMBRIDGE, September 1, 1861.

Honorable THOMAS H. HICKS:

DEAR SIR: Our mutual friend Arthur G. Wills visits you General Dix, and perhaps the authorities at Washington, in reference to our home brigade. In Caroline they experience the same difficulty that meets us here. The people seem shy. The disunionists take advantage of their hesitation to defeat the enterprise. As soon as they find a man who has been enrolled they beset him in every way and induce him, if possible to back out. We can avoid this difficulty if we can establish a camp, and take the men in ad feed and clothe them at once, and keep off the wolves. Once established in camp, guard will be kept over the weak and faltering, and the rascals who seek to dissuade will be kept off, or if caught, put under arrest. Then again an encampment-the parades, the music, the discipline, the sir, bustle, and show- takes the attention, excites an interest, and convinces all that we are in earnest. What we want is tents and provisions, a drill- master and music. I wish you would use your utmost to secure us tents for 200 men to start with. I will give ample security, if required, for the safekeeping and delivery of the tents, fixtures, &amp;c., We must have also rations for a like number of men for one month, or power to purchase; also uniforms for a few at once or liberty to procure them ourselves. We must also have 200 stand of arms without delay. The danger of an outbreak daily increases, and we ought to be and must be prepared

