
NEW YORK, September 3, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

The quotas from the different States will all be here, in two weeks, carding to telegrams from the Governors, except Maine, which will require three weeks, and Rhode Island not yet heard from. Governor Morgan is in town. He desires authority from the War Department to fill up some of his regiments from the scattered companies of the accepted regiments not yet completed, and to organize the scattered parts of those accepted regiments that will not probably fill up very soon into complete regiments for service. I have no doubt but the interests of the service will be much advanced thereby. The Governor will remain here until an answer is received.

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, U. S. Army.

WASHINGTON, September 4, 1861.

Honorable THOMAS H. HICKS,

Governor of Maryland, Annapolis, Md.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your favor of the 28th ultimo, and herewith inclose authority to the two gentlemen named each to raise a regiment of infantry, as it is not deemed advisable to receive regiments of mixed arms.

You will observe the regiment from the Eastern Shore is accepted as a State guard, except in case of special necessity.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] WAR DEPARTMENT, September 4, 1861.

Colonel EDWARD WILKINS,

Chestertown, Md.:

(Under cover to Governor Hicks, Annapolis, Md.)

SIR: You are authorized to raise and organize a regiment of infantry to serve for three years or during the war, with the understanding that it is for service in the State of Maryland unless special necessity shall require their presence elsewhere, of which this Department will determine, and with the further understanding that this Department will revoke the commissions of all officers found incompetent for the proper discharge at Washington the date at which your men will be ready for mustering, and he will detail an officer for that purpose.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] WAR DEPARTMENT, September 4, 1861.

Colonel ARTHUR G. WILLIS,

Potters' Landing, Md:

SIR: The regiment of infantry which you offer is accepted for three years or during the war, provided you have it ready for marching orders

