
in thirty days. This acceptance is with he distinct understanding that this Department will revoke the commissions of all officers who may be found incompetent for the proper discharge of their duties.

Your men will be mustered into the service of the United States in accordance with General Orders, Nos. 58 and 61, herewith inclosed.*

Respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 4, 1861.

Colonel WILLIAM LOUIS SCHLEP:

(Care of Henry W. Hoffman, esg., Baltimore Md.)

SIR: The regiment of infantry which you offer, is accepted three years or during the war, provided you have it ready for marching orders in thirty days. This acceptance is with the distinct understanding that this Department will revoke the commissions of all officers who may be found incompetent for the proper discharge of their duties.

Your men will be mustered into the service of the United States in accordance with General Orders, Nos. 58 and 61, herewith inclosed.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS EXCELSIOR BRIGADE,Numbers 448 13th Street, Washington, D. C., September 4, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I respectfully ask permission to raise and organize a battalion of cavalry and to raise organize and equip five batteries of artillery to be attached to my brigade. I also respectfully ask authority to increase the regiments of my brigade by the addition to each of another battalion of six companies (to be raised and organized by me), so as to make each regiment consist of two battalion consist of two battalions of eight companies, as provided in General Orders, Numbers 16, dated may 4, 1861.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

D. E. SICKLES,

Brigadier-General.

MADISON, September 4, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Our Seventh Regiment is ready and waiting orders to move.

A. W. RANDALL.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT. ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 71. Washington, September 5, 1861.

I. All persons having received authority to raise volunteer regiments batteries, or companies, in the State of New York, will immediately

---------------

*See pp. 412, 424.

---------------

