
reports to His Excellency Governor Morgan, at Albany the present state of their respective organizations. They and commands are placed under the orders of Governor Morgan, who will reorganize them and prepare them for the interests, of the General Government.

II. All commissioned officers of regiments, batteries, or companies, now in service raised in the State of New York independent of the State authorities, can receive commissions from the Governor of that State by reporting to the adjutant- general thereof and filing in his office a duplicate of the muster-in rolls of their respective organizations.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

LEGATION OF THE UNITED STATES,

Paris, September 5, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington, U. S. America:

DEAR SIR: In my letter of August 29 I informed you of the arrangement I had made with Messrs. Baring Brothers &amp; Co. in relation to the credit I had received from the Secretary of the Treasury through you, and which required your indorsement to be perfect. That document, which I pledged myself to produce by the return mail, I trust is now on its way.

I left London immediately for this place, and have succeeded in closing the following contracts:

Forty-five to forty-eight thousand of "the standard rifle of the French army, the last and best in use, of the model of 1853, made in the Government establishments, having passed the Government inspection and having the Government stamp, entirely new." It is not expressed in the contract but is perfectly understood that these arms are to be taken from the Government arsenals. They are to be inspected by me at the arsenals, and only to be paid for upon delivery to the steamer at Havre, accompanied by a Government permit to ship them.

You will perceive that I have revived an agreement, made with Mr. Dayton, our minister here, before my arrival here, but which had been abandoned. There have been great difficulties in the way, but think they are now secured; if not, of course there is no money paid.

The price of these rifles, which are all of the French caliber 17,8 millimeters, or 701 of an inch, will average, delivered on board the ship, al charges and expenses of every kind included, about 83 francs, say $16,50, and the freight about 20 cents each, say $ 16,70 delivered in New York.

In nothing interferes with the delivery of these guns, of which 20,000 go by the steamer Fulton on the 18th of this month and the remainder by the steamer of October 16, you may rest assured that you have the very best arm used on this continent, preferred by the French to the Enfield rifle, and impossible to be obtained in any other way. I have offered $20 and even $25 for one as a sample, but cannot buy one, nor could Mr. Dayton, who also tried. I have been obliged to go to the "Museum of Arms" to inspect the sample and the sample and note down the Government marks. I also hope that the caliber will admit the use of our ammunition for guns of 69 caliber, the difference being only 011 of an inch.

