
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 5, 1861.

Honorable ALEXANDER W. RANDALL,

Governor of Wisconsin:

DEAR SIR: I reply to your communication I beg leave to say that an order will be issued to the Ordnance Department to day to send to your address at Madison muskets for three foul regiments; also guns for two batteries of artillery, six pieces each. The remaining regiments authorized by this Department-infantry, cavalry, and artillery- you will please forward to Washington without arms, and direct the officers in charge to report to General McClellan for orders. Arms and other equipments not provided by you will be furnished here. To supply regimental quartermasters you can a appoint, upon commendation of the colonel of each regiment, an officer, with the rank of lieutenant who can then be appointed regimental quartermaster by the colonel. Mustering of men and officers into the service of the United States can be done as directed by general orders inclosed.

If you desire to add more regiments to those already offered I should be glad to hear from you. Before closing the communication permit me to extend the acknowledgments of this Department for your prompt and liberal response to all claims that have been made upon you for forces.

Respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 6, 1861-1.13 p. m.

Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg:

You can make any arrangement you desire with Colonel Campbell in regard to cavalry regiments.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 73. Washington, September 7, 1861.

I. Paragraph 152 of the Army Regulations, edition 1861, in relation to the reward to be paid for the apprehension of deserters, is so far modified as to substitute $5 instead of $30 as the amount to be paid in such cases.

II. That portion of General Orders, Numbers 15, current series, from this office, which prescribes one major for a regiment of cavalry, has been so far modified as to allow three majors for a regiment of twelve companies and two for one of eight or ten companies.

* * *

IV. Hereafter no discharges will be granted to volunteers in the service of the United States on the ground of minority.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

