SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICENumbers 241. Washington, September 7, 1861.

* * * *

2. All persons having received authority to raise volunteer regiments, batteries, or companies, in the state of Pennsylvania, will immediately report to His Excellency Governor Curtin, at Harrisburg, the present state of their respective organizations. They and commands are state of their respective organizations. They and their commands are placed under the orders of Governor Curtin, who will reorganize them and prepare them for service in the manner he may judge most advantageous for the interests of the General Government.

All commissioned officers of regiments, batteries, or companies now in service, raised in the State of Pennsylvania independent of the State authorities, can receive commissions from the Governor of that State by reporting to the adjutant-general thereof and filing in his office a duplicate of the muster-in rolls of t heir respective organizations.

* * * *

By order:

L. THOMAS,Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 7, 1861.

Honorable E. D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York, Albany:

What number of volunteer regiments can you have ready for marching orders on a few hours' notice, if required to meet an emergency? It is desirable that organizations and equipment should progress as rapidly as possible, and in such manner as will enable the Government to use the of forces actually mustered in. Please advise fully and immediately.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

(Same to Governors of-Rhode Island, Sprague; New Jersey, Olden; Massachusetts, Andrew; Maine, Washburn; New Hampshire, Berry; Wisconsin, Randal; Michigan, Blair; Illinois, Yates; Indiana, Morton; Iowa, [Kirkwood]; Ohio, Dennison; vermont, Fairbanks; Connecticut, Buckingham.)

HARTFORD, CONN., September 7, 1861.

Hon S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

I will have two regiments equipped and mustered in within one week. They will be fed and mustered in.

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., September 7, 1861.

Colonel THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Your last dispatch, sending all our regiments West, is being carried out. The Eleventh and Twenty-sixth started last night. Two more start to-morrow. The two batteries are gone and a third starts Monday. Colonel Wood asked guns, carriages, and equipments for five

