
orders should be issued in accordance with what I understand to be your wish relative to the organization of troops in your State. In fact, all the troops accepted from Pennsylvania directly by this Department were authorized only upon the representation that the State had already enrolled the number of men which the Governor had been called upon to furnish. A copy of the order made in compliance with your request will be transmitted to you as soon as it can be issued from the office of the Adjutant-General. This Department has no wish in connection with the organization of troops except to allow the patriotic men of Pennsylvania who are generously offering their services to come at the earliest moment to the support of the Government in its hour of need and trial; and it shall be the pleasure of the Department to give every additionally facility that the Governor may desire to gratify the wishes of those who are anxious to serve their country in the field.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

PROVIDENCE, September 7, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

A regiment goes to steamer to-night. A battery will go middle next week; a regiment in eight or ten days.

W. SPRAGUE.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., September 8, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

By order of General Fremont we sent last week from our camp one regiment to Quincy, one to Commerce, four to Cairo, and one cavalry regiment to Carbondale. We have one full regiment cavalry in camp; in ten days will inall probability have two more. We have also companies enough not full and now recruiting to organize three regiments infantry. Colonel Webb's regiment, at Chicago, has 1,300 men; Colonel White's regiment, at Chicago, 800 men; Colonel Light's regiment, at Chicago, has 900 men. Colonel Bryner's at Peoria, has 800 men. I am also informed that Colonel Dickey's regiment, at Ottawa, and Colonel Farnsworth's at Chicago, both cavalry, are nearly full. The seven last named are independent regiments. An order from yourself or General Fremont would be necessary. In my opinion these troops will be needed in the Western service.

Yours, truly,

RICHD. YATES,

Governor of Illinois.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 8, 1861.

Governor O. P. MORTON,

Indianapolis, Ind.:

Go to work and organize the six additional batteries. Give me the number of guns wanted, and if we cannot furnish them will give you authority to purchase.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

