
companies I am at present in successful communication, and one of them is now at Camp Scott. I can and will, with like, authority, raise a battalion of infantry for the First Third, and Fourth Regiments of my brigade. The additional companies of infantry for the Fourth Regiment will consist, mainly, of men belonging to the Twenty-eighth New York State Militia, of which Colonel Brewster was for some time major, and with whom they served as a three-month's regiment in this war. This addition to the Fourth Regiment would add greatly to its efficiency, because there would thereby be added to its right, left, and center companies of trained soldiers who have seen service, thus greatly expediting the efficient condition of the regiment. Numerous overtures have been made the commanding officers of the First and Third Regiments by kindred, friends, and neighbors of the localities where the companies composing the regiments were recruited, and I only repeat the often expressed and generally believed opinion of these two commands regiments up to the contemplated standards very speedily.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. E. SICKLES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Excelsior Brigade.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Washington, September 9, 1861.

Referred to the Honorable Secretary of War,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, U. S. Army, Commanding.

SAINT JOHNSBURY, September 9, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

I have two maximum regiments organized in companies at their recruiting stations ready to be called into rendezvous as soon as tents arrive, which will be within three days. They will be equipped, armed, and partially uniformed this week. Can go forward early next week if ordered. If required to go forward this week, they must go without uniforms.

ERASTUS FAIRBANKS,

Governor of Vermont.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, City, September 9, 1861.

Governor FAIRBANKS,

Saint Johnsburry, Vt.:

Get uniforms for your regiments and let us have them as soon as you can.

T. A. SCOTT.

WHEELING, September 9, 1861.

T. A. SCOTT:

We are suffering greatly for the want of arms. There are 4,000 muskets, at Rellaire in charge of Crispin. They would answer for our home

