
guards, and are useless for any other service. Can't you let us have them? I am informed by the field officer in the Second Virginia Regiment that out of 250 altered muskets in that regiment 50 of them are useless. Can they not be furnished with a good gun immediately?

F. H. PEIRPOINT,

Governor.

WHEELING, September 9, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON:

I have just received a dispatch from General Rosecrans, commanding this arm of the service greatly needs a regiment of artillery. By your authority I can raise the regiment. Telegraph me whether or not to raise it. If yes, send my by mail the number of each company and other details. Answer.

F. H. PEIRPOINT.

MADISON, WIS., September 9, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

We can send our Seventh Regiment by Wednesday or Thursday of this week. Another will be ready in ten days thereafter, and we hope to be able to give four more regiments at intervals of ten days. We send three companies of artillery to camp this week for drill. We are so far from the scene of action that we do not wish to send in incomplete regiment unless absolutely necessary.

ALEX. W. RANDALL,

Governor.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 74. Washington, September 10, 1861.

Officers commanding regiments, brigades, divisions, armies in the field, and military departments, whether of the Regular Army of the Volunteers, are reminded of the Article of War and of the Regulation which make it their duty to remit in the beginning of every month to this office an exact return of the troops under their command. Blanks in profusion have been distributed of the purpose, and there can therefore be no excuse of the persistent manner in which this duty has been ignored. Hereafter it must be fulfilled, and punctually. All returns now due will be immediately made u and forwarded and from this day forth brigade commanders will see to it see that the Nineteenth Article of War is rigidly enforced.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 243. Washington, September 10, 1861,

* * * *

6. All persons having received authority to raise volunteer regiments, batteries, or companies in the State of Ohio will immediately report to His Excellency Dennison at Columbus the present state of

