
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 10, 1861-8.45 p. m.

Governor BLAIR, Lansing, Mich.:

William P. Innes, chief engineer and superintendent of Grand Rapids, offer a regiment of mechanics and engineers. I have telegraphed him the matter would be refereed to you, and if you demit advisable for the interests of Government the organization may be made under your direction.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

CONCORD, N. H., September 10, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Yours of 7th received. One regiment will be mustered into service 16th instant; another probably 30th. Both will be fully armed and equipped. One hundred sharpshooters will leave here for New York to-morrow (Wednesday). We can raise 500 or 600 cavalry if approved by your Department. Shall we do so? Will the United States Government furnish the outfit, or any part of it?

N. S. BERRY,

Governor of New Hampshire.

NEW YORK, September 10, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: An evident and favorable reaction manifest in all parts of the State. Recruiting proceeding with more activity. I have accepted Captain Meagher's proposal to organize the Irish brigade in thirty days. We hope to organize regiments and send them forward after this week as rapidly as the exigencies of Government may require. Arms and supplies will soon be in greater demand than soldiers. Dispatch of 9th instant received.

E. D. MORGAN,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 10, 1861.

Governor PEIRPOINT, Wheeling, Va.:

You may raise and organize five batteries of artillery of six guns each, four to be 6-pounders and two 12-pounders, 130 men to each company. As soon as organized to be placed under control of General Rosecrans. We prefer independent batteries to regiments of artillery. Will arrange to-day to give you 2,000 of the guns at Bellaire. Do you want United States to furnish the artillery guns? Answer immediately.

SIMON CAMERON.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 10, 1861.

Governor RANDALL, Madison, Wis.:

Make your regiments full as rapidly as possible. Your suggestion is right.

SIMON CAMERON.

32 R R-SERIES III, VOL I

