
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 75. Washington, September 11, 1861.

The following order has been received from the War Department, and is published for the information of all concerned:

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 9, 1861.

For the purpose of preserving accurate and permanent records of deceased soldiers and their place of burial, it is hereby ordered that the Quartermaster-General of the U. S. Army shall cause to be printed and to be placed in every general and post hospital of the Army blank, books and forms corresponding with the accompanying duplicate forms for preserving said records. The Quartermaster will also provide proper means for a registered headboard to be secret at the head of each soldier's grave, as directed in the following special order to commanding officers in reference to the interment of deceased soldiers:

It is hereby ordered that whenever any soldier of officer of the U. S. Army dies it shall be the duty of the commanding officer of the military corps or department in which such person dies to cause the regulation and forms provided in the foregoing directions to the Quartermaster-General to be properly executed.

It is also ordered that any adjutant or acting adjutant (or commander) of a military post or company, immediately upon the reception of a copy of any mortary record from a military company, shall transmit the same to the Adjutant-General at Washington.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 11, 1861.

I. WASHBURN, JR.,

Governor of Maine:

General Butler proposes raising in New England six regiments, to be recruited and commanded by himself, and to go on special service.

I shall be glad if you, as Governor of Maine, will answer by telegraph that you consent.

A. LINCOLN,

President.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

(Similar to Governors Fairbanks, Berry, Andrew, Buckingham, and Sprague.)

NEW HAVEN, September 11, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

I approve the proposition of General Butler, and shall sustain the Administration in executing it.

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor.

DAVENPORT, IOWA, September 11, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

In Eighth Regiment (Hoffman's), three companies mustered in; five more nearly full. In Ninth (Vandever's), six companies mustered in; will probably by full this week. In Tenth (Perzel's), eight companies mustered in; Second Cavalry, nine companies mustered in. Strenuous

