
efforts are making to fill all up. It would much hasten matters if clothing and equipments could be sent to deliver as companies are mustered in. The delay in furnishing these to other regiments discourages enlistments. How soon can they be sent for these regiments? Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh Regiments are not yet clothed.

SAML. J. KIRKWOOD.

DAVENPORT, IOWA, September 11, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Can I have Captain William McE. Dye, of the Regular Army, to command one of our regiments of infantry now organizing? Answer immediately. It will hasten the raising of the regiment. Can I raise a cavalry regiment instead of one of the infantry? The calls of men enlisting prefer the cavalry service.

SAML. J. KIRKWOOD,

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Boston, September 11, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Another Irish regiment is proposed here in Boston, and the leading men say we can raise two more here in Massachusetts. You have called for five from Massachusetts. Nod need men, and the Quartermaster-General's Department or the Treasure will give proper aid in equipping and fitting out regiments, I think it most wise to avail of the interest at this moment revived among us, and make a requisition for, say, three more infantry regiments from Massachusetts. We have been and still are trying to service the nation to the utmost, and only desire to be sure that we are in the proper understanding with the Department at Washington as we proceed. Our cavalry regiment is recruiting handsomely. Please reply immediately, s many people are awaiting it.

I am, with high regard, yours, faithfully, &amp;c.,

JOHN A. ANDREW.

BOSTON, September 11, 1861.

President LINCOLN and

SECRETARY OF WAR:

Authorize State to raise whatever regiments you wish additional. We will first fulfill engagements with General Sherman ordered by Secretary of War, then add others fast as possible. Will help General Butler to the utmost.

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor.

BOSTON, September 11, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMRON,

Secretary of War:

We have raised a cavalry regiment of the three battalions for Captain Robert Williams. Massachusetts relies on your promise to do what we want.

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor.

