
primers and Maynard primers-articles that were furnished us last year. The Ordnance Department advised me that we could not be furnished with them, but suggested they might be had of the Government by purchase. My object in addressing you is to desire you to recommend to the Secretary of War to issue an order to the Ordnance Department to supply our State with these articles and such mall lots of fixed ammunition as we may be in want of-if possible on our quota of arms, or by purchase. And you will much oblige this department.

Respectfully, yours,

D. L. WOOD,

Quartermaster-General of Ohio.

[Indorsement.]

COLUMBUS, OHIO, November 16, 1860.

Honorable J. B. FLOYD,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Can the order within asked for by the Ohio quartermaster-general, Wood, be complied with? If so, it will oblige,

Yours, &amp;c.,

S. S. COX.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Columbia, S. C. November 12, 1860.

Colonel H. K. CRAIG:

DEAR SIR: I learn that some of the States have received their quota of arms for next year, and I should be pleased to have the quota for South Carolina. I wish the whole quota in "rifled muskets and appendages, new patterns, caliber. 58." Send them immediately to Charleston, S. C., to Major P. F. Stevens, superintendent of the Citadel Academy.

Very respectfully,

WM. H. GIST.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, November 14, 1860.

His Excellency JOHN J. PETTUS,

Governor of Mississippi, Jackson:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt this day from the Honorable Jacob Thompson of your letter of the 6th instant, and in reply to inform you that there is no authority in this Department to exchange rifles for flint-lock muskets, as proposed by you. WE have percussion muskets altered form flint-lock at the Baton Rouge and Saint Louis arsenals, which are for sale at $2.50 each. Should you desire to purchase any of them, and will advise me of the number, I will issue the necessary orders to comply with your request. Two thousand can be delivered at Baton rouge, and any larger number at Saint Louis.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN B. FLOYD,

Secretary of War.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, Washington, November 15, 1860.

His Excellency WILLIAM H. GIST,

Governor of South Carolina, Columbia, S. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 12th instant, and in answer to state that according to a regula-

