
Fort Hamilton, New York Harbor.-Defensible.

Fort Richmond, New York Harbor.-Ready for its armament and for occupation by troops.

Fort on site of Fort Tompkins, New York Harbor.-Not yet far enough advanced to be of much service.

Battery Hudson, Staten Island, New York Harbor.-Defensible.

Battery Morton, Staten Island, New York Harbor.-Defensible.

Fort Lafayette, Narrows, New York Harbor.-Defensible.

Fort Lafayette, Narrows, New York Harbor.-Defensible.

Fort at Sandy Hook, N. J.-A few guns might be mounted; no shelter for men and supplies.

Fort Miffin, Delaware River, Pa.-Ready for garrison and armament.

Fort Delaware, Delaware River, Del.-May receive garrison and armament.

Fort McHenry, Baltimore Harbor, Md.-Defensible.

Fort Carroll, Baltimore Harbor, md.-Not far enough advanced to afford full protection; not armed; a part of one tier might be mounted in a few weeks.

Fort Madison, Annapolis Harbor, Md.-Not far enough advanced to afford full protection; not armed a part of one tier might be mounted in a few weeks.

Fort Madison, Annapolis Harbor, md.-Battery nearly ready for guns.

Fort Washington, Potomac River, Md.-Defensible.

Fort Monroe, Old Point Comfort, Va.-In excellent defensible condition; needs minor repairs only.

Fort Calhoun, Hampton Roads, Va.-Under construction; not ready for armament or garrison.

Fort Macon, Beaufort Harbor, N. C.-In pretty good condition for defense.

Fort Caswell, mouth of Cape Fear River, N. C.-In pretty good condition for defense.

Fort Caswell, mouth of Cape Fear River, N. C.-In pretty good condition for defense.

Fort Moultrie, Charleston Harbor, S. C.-Had been placed in the best condition possible under the circumstances prior to its evacuation.

Fort Sumter, Charleston Harbor, S. C.-In good condition for defense, having been greatly strengthened within the last few months; a very strong work.

Castle Pickney, Charleston Harbor, S. C.-In good condition; defensible.

fort Pulaski, Savannah River, Ga.-Ready for its garrison and nearly the whole of its armament; a very strong work.

Fort Jackson, Savannah River, Ga.-Can receive its armament and garrison.

Fort Clinch, Amelia Island, Fla.-Is nearly prepared for a partial but efficient armament of its channel fronts; is weak on the land side.

Fort marion, Saint Augustine, Fla.-The battery nearly ready for guns and is defensible.

Fort Taylor, Key West, Fla.-Is prepared for its caseate batteries, two tiers; guns enough already in place for efficient action in all directions; in the absence of the projected cover- face, not prepared to resist siege by land.

Fort Jefferson, Tourtugas, Fla.-is prepared for its lower caseate guns; capable of making a good defense.

Fort Pickens, Pensacola harbor, Fla.-Is prepared for its lower caseate guns; capable of making a good defense.

Fort Pickens, Pensacola Harbor, Fla.-Is prepared for its entire caseate armament, its new barbette armament of heavy caliber on one curtain and two bastions, and the old and lighter armament on the remaining fronts, and should make a good defense.

Fort Barrancas, Pensacola Harbor, Fla.-Is capable of good defense; its armament is mounted, its magazines in good order. In the redoubt the flanking howitzers of scarp and counterscarp can be mounted in a short time.

