
He will appoint field and staff officers for the same, as provided by regulation, who will be mustered into the service when appointed. he is authorized to make purchase of horses and all equipments required on account of the Government of the United States, or make requisitions upon the proper department, as will, in his judgment, most speedily bring the balance of the regiment into the service.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 12, 1861.

Governor WILLIAM SPRAGUE,

Governor of Rhode Island, Providence:

SIR: You are hereby authorized to organize, arm, and equip regiment of cavalry complete from New England, to serve for tare years, or during the war. You are authorized to make such requisitions upon the proper departments of the Government as will in your judgment most speedily bring the regiment into service.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., AJDT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 77. Washington, September 13, 1865.

The following letter has been received from the War Department, and is published for the information of all concerned:

WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 13, 1865.

SIR: You will arrange for the payment of volunteers, as directed by the provisions of the act of Congress relating thereto, dated July 24, and as amended August 6, 1861, viz, when organized and accepted by the Governors of the several States, without regard to the date of mustering into the service of the United States, provided payment has not been made by the respective States for which the Government will eventually be liable.

When volunteer regimens have been accepted by the War Department upon what are termed independent acceptances, you will allow pay from the date of organization of each company with the minimum number of men; satisfactory evidence in each case to be furnished your Department before payment is made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK, September 13, 1861.

General JOSEPH G. TOTTEN,

Chief Engineer, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Monthly reports* of operations at Fort Richmond and Tompkins for August, 1861, are inclosed herewith. In behalf of the State of New York, and by request of Governor Morgan, I have made arrangements for providing the State militia with field artillery at the rate of one gun per regiment of the organized uniformed militia of the State.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

