
This will enable the Governor to meet the calls of the President, have a reserve, and an additional supply to meet losses and casualties. To this end thirty-two carriages for 20-pounder rifled guns, consisting of gun, caisson, forge, and battery carriages, have been completed by a Mr. Stephenson. Another manufacturer (Althause &amp; Son) is just completing 100 other carriages for forty rifled guns, the delivery of which commences to-morrow, having executed the work in thirty working days. They are to commence and complete thirty-eight additional carriages in twenty days, all of which are for rifled guns. The harness for all this artillery is on hand and in progress of manufacture. It is the desire of the Governor I should make the effort to have cavalry sabers made by artisans in this city if practical. I will make the effort. The State will have next week twenty rifled and fifteen smooth-bored field pieces mounted, with caissons, battery, and forge wagons. Additional field pieces are being made for the State in this city under my direction, and also at the West Point foundry if their orders for the United States will permit.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROCHD. DELAFIELD,

U. S. Corps of Engineers.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 13, 1861.

General SHERMAN,

Stevens House, New York:

How many men have you in camp? Could they be moved on short notice with three days' rations? Please answer immediately.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

DENVER, COLO. TER., September 13, 1861.

PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

SIR: Although assigned by you to a department which has no official cognizance of some of the matters herein communicated, the extraordinary perils which surround the judicial as well as the executive departments of this Territory seem to impose upon me as well as upon the Governor the duty to spread them before you.

This Territory, as you are aware, covers the natural fortresses as well as the parks and treasures of the Rocky Mountains between the thirty-seventh and forty-first parallels of latitude from which no enemy in possession would be easily dislodged without great cost and difficulty so long as it could derive support from either side of the ranges. Of the 30,000 people here (most of them adult males) at least 6,000 ar men of Southern paternity or proclivities, who came to Kansas, armed by your predecessors, to make it a slave -holding State, and when foiled in that undertaking, came with the same arms in their hands to these mountains to seek for gold with which to retrieve or repair their broken fortunes. If no rebellion had occurred in the Southern States, it is reasonably certain that there people would have been content with the sore experience which their expensive raids in Kansas afforded them. but as that rebellion did occur, nd as these people were in sympathy with it, they found the way to put themselves in swift communication with the leaders thereof in Missouri, Arkansas, and Texas, so that as early as the 1st of July last they appeared to be fully posted in respect to

