
the Government of the necessities of that service, remained unanswered; that he was without advice, funds, or arms with which to repel attacks,either from the 25,000 Indians which surroundeessionists. I was compelled to inform him that I was without the facilities for confining the prisoners the marshal had in nominal custody; that one had escaped, and that further arrests would be ruthless, because of our inability to keep the prisoners. Quickened by the crack of fire-arms, which ell upon our ears from all quarters of the city, and by the almost frantic excitement existing among the women and children, we resolved to call into existence a Union Defense Comitte, procure arms and ammunition wherever we could, direct the marshal to prepare a prison, to procure supplies, and hold this Territory against internal and externa foes, if it were possible to do so. We concluded that we failed to comprehend our epoch and the purposes of our appointments if the President expected us to wait for instructions in such an emergency.

As it was known that Colonel Philip St. George Cooke was at the time returning from Utah with his regiment and a full battery of artillery, it was resolved to send to him Mr. Bennett, our Delegate to Congress, in the hope of inducing him to turn down this way until we could procure orders from the Department for him to remain. Mr. Bennett went to see him, but got nothing from him but volleys of oaths and coarse complains against the Administration at Washington. He is undoubtedly in sympathy with the traitors. He should be removed from his trust forthwith, before he betrays his regiment into the hands of the secessionists in Missouri, and Major Alfred Pleasonton, of the same regiment, or some other faithful officer raised to his place.

The Governor sent couriers to Forts Laramie and Kearny for arms and ammunition, and just at this moment we have information leading us to believe that we may obtain some from that quarter, if they are not intercepted and captured before they reach here. The messengers sent thither have not returned.

Upon the 2nd instant I empaneled a grand jury in this city and charged them pointedly on the subject of treason and conspiracy. The same day the said A. B. Miller, with a large party of his men, armed and mounted, demonstrated awhile in front of the court-room, then encamped outside the town for the night, and the following day, after being joined by others, pushed southward, whether to join the Texans or to instigate the Kiowas, Comanches, and Apaches in that quarter, to make a descent upon us, we do not know. Major Seaward met him and a portion of his train as he was approaching here from Santa Fe.

Corralled here, as we are, with nothing but empty pretenses of strength with which to protect ourselves, the Governor has vailed himself of the opportunity officered by the passage through here of Major Seaward to send forward these dispatches. If you inquire why we did not arrest Miller and his party, the answer is, we had no sufficient arms with which to take them, nor prison in which to confine them afterward, if arrested; and yet, by strategic and illusory displays of the few we have, they have been so multiplied to the fancy of the traitors that they have not dared up to the present time to risk an attack upon or meager forces; and that, sir, is the most we have murdered of the soldier. It is as certain to my mind as the existence of this Territory that if either the secessionists or the masses of our friends here (the latter class have never learned strategy and therefore

