
cannot be trusted with a full knowledge of our weakness) were to learn our actual weakness they would get up a panic within twelve hours, which would result in driving us from the Territory.

Now, although I am not advised of your reasons for recalling to the States the command of Colonel Cooke, I venture to submit to you the following requests:

First. That his command, which will b this side the Missouri when this reaches Washington, be turned back to Colorado under a loyal colonel.

Second. That if this be inadmissible, a part of it be turned back to Colorado with the battery attached to it, that we may have the use of that in this emergency.

Third. That the commission of a brigadier-general be given to Governor Gilpin, with instructions to raise a brigade for this frontier service. I do not know that he desires the office, but I feel well assured that in the present condition of these Territories, as well as the whole country, it will be sound wisdom in the President to make that appointment and to give him such instructions. The safety of this part of the public domain requires the services of a brigade of soldiery, and his military and border experience eminently fit him to command it.

Fourth. That if it should not be agreeable to the President to make the Governor a brigadier-general, that the send some other military officer here immediately, with suitable arms and munitions, to enable the Governor to hold this Territory, Utah, and New Mexico.

Fifth. That the parties connected with the Overland Mail and Express Route from Saint Joseph to California be required to desist from aiding and comforting disloyalists, or that their contract be taken from them by the Department. I t is a notorious fact that the entire force of employes of that concern treasonable information to the enemy.

Sixth. That the Commissioner of Indian Affairs may be directed to act upon Governor Gilpin's communication of the 19th of June immediately, that these Indians may be placed under such arranged restraints as shall tend to bring them out of their present disorder.

Impressed as I am with the force of these suggestions, I have ventured, in a hurried manner, to spread them before you in this dispatch. We are holding this Territory by a thread. It that thread breaks before we get relief, God only knows when or how it will be regained.

I have the honor to be, sir, with profound esteem, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. HALL,

Chief Justice of Colorado.

[First indorsement.]

OCTOBER 2, 1861.

This communication ought to have been addressed to the Secretary of War, but it seems to have so much importance that I send it to you, and I suggest that after reading it you refer it to the Secretary of War and ask his attention to it.

WILLIAM H. SEAWARD.

[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 15, 1861.

Respectfully referred to Lieutenant-General Scott.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary.

