
Fort McRee, Pensacola Harbor, Fla.-A strong and efficient battery; prepared for its new armament on both casemate tiers and its old and light armament on the barrette tier; ready for occupation by troops.

Fort Morgan, Mobile Harbor, Ala.-A strong work, essentially complete.

Fort Gainess, Dauphin Island, entrance to Mobile Harbor, Ala.-Is not yet prepared for much defense.

Forton Ship Island, coast of Mississippi.-Not prepared for much defense.

Military defenses at Proctor's Landing. La.-Not complete, but may receive a garrison and armament and make a good defense.

Fort Saint Philip, Mississippi River, La.-Not complete, but may receive a garrison 22 and armament and make a good defense.

Fort Jackson, Mississippi River, La.-Defensible; but requiring repairs and enlargement of the citadel.

Fort Pike, Rigolets, La.-Defensible.

Fort Macomb, Chief Menteur, La.-Defensible.

Battery Bienvenue, Bayou Bienvenue, La.-Defensible.

Fort Livingston, Barrataria Bay, La.-Defensible.

Fortifications at Galveston Harbor, Tex.-Hardly commenced.

Fort at Alcatraz Island, San Francisco Harbor, Cal.-In a very efficient condition, already partly armed.

Fort at Fort Point, entrance of San Francisco Harbor, Cal.-A strong and defensible work. The body of the place is so far advanced as to be ready to receive all its guns.

For more particular information relative to works now under construction or repairs, I respectfully invite your attention to the annual report from this Department, dated November 14, 1860.*

Very, &amp;c.,

JOS. G. TOTTEN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Colonel of Engineers.

[Inclosure No. 3.]

ORDNANCE OFFICE, Washington, D. C. January 21, 1861.

Honorable JOSEPH HOLT,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In reply to that portion of the resolution of the House of Representatives of the 31st ultimo communicated in the letter of Honorable B. from January 1, 1860, to January 1, 1861, I transmit therewith a statement giving the information desired, so far as it is understood to call for. I have not embraced the arms which were sold under the act of March 3, 1825, after regular condemnation, by public auction, under the supposition that this was not required. It may be proper, also, to state that on November 2, last, a proposition was made to the Secretary of War by A. A. Belknap for the purchase of from "100,000 to 250,000 of the U. S. flint-lock and altered percussion muskets, and to have the same delivered to me or my agent in the city of New York. I respectfully ask the privilege of taking the whole or any part thereof within the next sixty- five days upon the payment of $2.15 per gun on delivery as aforesaid," which proposition was accepted by the Secretary of War on November 22, in these words:

The within proposition is accepted to the extent of 100,000 muskets, and as many more, up to the maximum number, as the service will spare.

---------------

*See Ex. Doc. Numbers 1, Senate, 36th Congress, 2nd Session, p. 253.

---------------

