
its assurance that the General Government would promptly bear all expenses-an assurance made when the First was called, and repeated when the Second was accepted-but thus far in neither instance made good. In this connection I inclose for the information of the War Department a letter* from the contractors for the Second Regiment, declining to finish any further the articles needed for that regiment. I would add that, if the propositions of my letter of August 30 are not accepted, and yet the services of the Second Regiment are desirable in the field, you authorize at least a third regiment to be raised, with a view of replacing the Second at the forts, promptly sending on directly its clothing and equipments before the close of navigation; and I would advise that I be authorized to distribute one company of said Third Regiment at Fort Ripley, one at Fort Abercrombie, and two at Fort Redgely, and that the companies of the Second now at those posts be forthwith ordered to join their regiment at Fort Snelling, preparatory to going forward.

Very respectfully,

ALEX. RAMSEY.

[Inclosure.]

FORT SNELLING, September 12, 1861.

Governor ALEXANDER RAMSEY:

SIR: I have the gratification of announcing to you that the Second Regiment of Minnesota Volunteers is now filled to the minimum, and holds itself ready to march at a moment's warning. At the same time it would be desirable that the companies stationed at Forts Ripely, Abercrombie, and Ridgely should be relieved by other troops, and ordered to rendezvous at this pint before we leave for the seat of war. It would require twenty days to bring the troops from the most distant point.

Very respectfully,

H. P. VAN CLEVE,

Colonel Second Regiment Minnesota Volunteers.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 14, 1861.

Judge PERRY BROCCHUS,

Metropolitan Hotel, New York:

DEAR SIR: Just as soon as matters culminate here I will give earnest attention to the wants of the Territory of New Mexico. The safety of the national capital must first be insured, and when this shall have been accomplished we will try to make every exposed point secure against rebel attacks.

Respectfully, yours,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

Honorable THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War:

I am arranging three regimens for General Sherman, which I shall send to him Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday next, and under the order of the Department I am preparing the next three for Fortress

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

