
WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 15, 1861-11.26 a. m.

Honorable A. G. CURTIN, Harrisburg:

How many regiments did you send last night and to-day? Please answer immediately.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

SEPTEMBER 15, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Have just returned from camp and find your dispatch. Three regiments are ready, and will go forward as rapidly as cars can be had. Two more regiments will be ready to forward to-morrow. We will use every efficient musket we now have in our arsenal, but will not have enough. by all means send us more arms if possible. I am arranging to put fragments of independent regiments together. Send me the power by Russell as arranged. You may expect a large force from this State this week. Colonel Davis has not yet reported to me. When he does I will fill his regiment as you seem to desire.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.

SAINT JOHNSBURY, VT., September 15, 1861.

Hon SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

The commanders of Fourth and Fifth Regiments urgently request time for completing the equipment of troops, which has been interrupted by inability of quartermaster-general to complete outfit. The delay will be short. Shall I order them forward partially equipped? Answer to-day.

ERASTUS FAIRBANKS,

Governor of Vermont.

SEPTEMBER 15, 1861-12.12 p. m.

Governor FAIRBANKS,

Saint Johnsbury, Vt.:

Send your men forward with such equipments as they may have, the remaining to be sent after them, or they will be furnished.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Saint Johnsburg, Vt., September 15, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In accordance with your order of yesterday I telegraphed the colonels of the Fourth and Fifth Regiments Vermont Volunteers at Brattleborough and Saint Albans, and made provision for the transportation of the troops by to-morrow's railroad trains.

An unexpected delay of the quartermaster-general in procuring uniforms and outfits, owing to the failure of contractors to fulfill contracts

