
for goods, has placed me in an embarrassing position for urging the men forward at a moment's warning. My inflation to-day is that the men came into camp in a destitute condition, expecting to receive their uniforms before going forward, and Colonel Smalley insists that if sent forward in this condition they will be of no service whatever, but demoralized and disgraced beyond recovery. I have kept the telegraph offices open during the day, and have thereby hastened very essentially the progress of the outfit, and the delay at Saint Albans will not exceed three or four days. The men are mostly from the facing class, hardy, intelligent, and fearless, and I feel assured that the public service will be better served by allowing this short delay for their outfit than by by attempting to force them forward dissatisfied with their outfit and complaining of unfulfilled promises. At Brattleborough all possible dispatch is being used to put the men in a comfortable condition to go forward. The desire of Colonel Stoughton to detain them in camp or the purpose of drill and discipline will be acceded to only as incidental to the consideration whether they can by made comfortable for moving.

I wrote you on the 4th instant soliciting permission to draw on the arsenal at Springfield for rifled muskets for the deficiency in the supply for the Fourth Regiment, which deficiency occurs in this wise: The First Regiment of three-months' militia was furnished whit Springfield rifles, mostly owned by the State. In assigning these rifles to one of the present regiment it did not occur to me that the number of men would exceed that of the First Regiment, but as these regiments are filled to the maximum there exists this deficiency. I would purchase the requisite number if in the market. The other regiment, as I have informed you, is furnished with Enfield rifles, and as the other has nearly enough of the Springfield rifles in good condition, I hope it will meet your views to allow the order for rifles to be delivered on the arrival of the troops at Springfield on their passage to Washington. If so, please telegraph on receipt of this.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ERASTUS FAIRBANKS.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 78. Washington, September 16, 1861.

I. All persons having received authority from the War Department to raise volunteer regiments, batteries, or companies in the loyal States are, with their commands, hereby place under the orders of the Governors of horse States, tow him they will immediately report the present condition of their respective organizations. These troops will be organized, or reorganized, and prepared for service by the Governors of their respective States in the manner they may judge most advantageous for the interests of the General Government. II. Volunteers officers who have complied or may hereafter comply with the condition of their respective acceptances from the War Department, and who have not received commissions from the President of the United States, will be commissioned by the Governors of the respective States by furnishing the regiments, batteries, or independent companies to which these officers are attached.

III. The Governors of the several States may, at any time during the organization of a volunteer regiment, authorize the adjutant, quartermaster, and, when absolutely necessary, the medical officers thereof to be mustered into service to aid in recruiting the regiment and for the

