
prompt transaction of all other public business. All other officers will be mustered into the service as directed in General Orders, Numbers 61, current series, from this office.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Numbers 17. Washington, September 16, 1861.

there are irregularities in the correspondence of the Army which need prompt correction. It is highly important that junior officers on duty be not permitted to correspond with the General- in-Chief or other commander on current official business, except through intermediate commanders; and the same rule applies to correspondence with the President direct, or with him through the Secretary of War, uncles it be by the special invitation or request of the President.

By command of Lieutenant-General Scott:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 16, 1861.

GEORGE L. SCHUYLER, Esq.:

(Care of Baring Brothers &amp; Co., London.)

DEAR SIR: Your favor the 29th ultimo was received at the War Department on the 14th instant. In reply to your inquiry whether this Department will accept drafts drawn by you for the purchase of arms and expenses incidental thereto, I have the honor to inform you that I shall accept all such drafts when issued in accordance with the letter of instructions from the Honorable Secretary of the Treasury, as stated in his letter to you under date of 5th of August, 1861, a duplicate copy of which is herewith inclosed.* The Department is gratified to learn that your mission has been so far successful. I trust that nothing will delay a prompt delivery of the arms which you have purchased. In reference to the quality of small-arms you are to be governed by the general letter of instruction handed to you by General Ripley, Chief of the Bureau of Ordnance. You will please express prompt and patriotic action in facilitating your operations. The terms offered by the Messrs. Baring, namely, 1 per cent. commission and 5 per cent. interest per annum, as agreed upon by them with the Navy Department, are approved.

I have the honor to be, dear sir, your most obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, September 16, 1861.

His Excellency ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

I was authorized by General Fremont to send him from this State all volunteers offered. Many have gone and several companies and two or three regiments will soon be ready to go to Saint Louis, but if Orders, Numbers 243, just issued by the Adjutant-General at Washington,+

---------------

*Omitted.

+See September 10, p. 495.

---------------

