
have seized large amounts of such property, the true value of which cannot be now fully determined, and the moral effect of which seizures has been not only to break up treasonable uses of such property (in one instance the purchase of patent fire-arms for the South) but to instill into people's minds the moral feeling that we are in earnest and intend to strike home at the rebels. In order to work efficiently, myself and assistants had since the act been constantly making the most through examination of where such property was and who had it in possession. As soon as the act allowed, I at once proceeded to put in use the information obtained and make the seizures; and although every hindrance has been put in our way by the issuing of attachments and the colorable transfer of property, or the refusal to give information, yet a large amount has bee seized, and now every effort is being made by counsel and friends, by one-sided appeals to any one who can be supposed to be able to aid in doing it, to thwart the acts of the marshal and save their friends and clients; but the seizures and acts, as far as we have been able to effect them, had a very strong moral effect and influence on the public mind, and there in a great number of people who we now find to be patriots who were before entirely unsuspected of being so.

As before remarked, however, every effort of counsel and freinship and ex parte statements to avoid a trial in court and a profession of patriotism where none exists are resorted to; but with me all these patriotism where none exists are resorted to; but with me all these had no effect, as all such pretenses are a matter to be demonstrated to the court, and before the court their untruth will appear. There are one or two points, however, in which such aid from friends and counsel here is seriously embarrassing; this in in regard to real estate and bonds and mortgages, which it is claimed are not covered by the act and without an express order cannot be attached. Such an order directing me to take and hold such real estate (much of which is known) would give such a moral blow to secession here as would be likely to produce good results. The banks, too, are not desirous of allowing information about their dealers to get out, and a direction to me to call on them would shorten the tedious course of litigation, and strengthen our hands considerably. The power to act promptly and strongly is all I want, and the tone of the dealers with the South and their friends here will be changed.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

ROBERT MURRAY,

U. S. Marshal.

NEW HAVEN, September 17, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

The Sixth Regiment left for Washington to-day with 974 men thoroughly armed and equipped.

WM. A. BUCKINGAM.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 17, 1861-10.34 a. m.

Governor RAMSEY, Saint Paul:

Send the Second Minnesota direct to Washington, and adopt measures to organize two more infantry regiments at the earliest date possible.

SIMON CAMERON.

