
[Inclosure.]

ORDNANCE OFFICE, September 11, 1861.

Respectfully returned. One thousand muskets, rifled and sighted, with accouterment sand ammunition, were ordered on the 6th instant to be sent to Governor Pinpoint from the New York and Allegheny Arsenals. Our supply of arms will not admit of furnishing at this time other troops than those mustered into the U. S. service. Every possible exertion is being made to obtain additional supplies by contract, by manufacture, and by purchase, and as soon as they can brew procured by any means, in any way, they will be supplied.

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 18, 1861.

ROBERT MURRAY, Esq.,

U. S. Marshal's Office, New York:

DEAR SIR: Your favor of the 16th instant has been received. your prompt and energetic course in carrying out the proclamation of the President is fully appreciated by this Department. In this contest there can be but two parties-those who stand by the Government and those who opposite it. This must be the governing principle in the seizures which you feel authorized to make. Under a fair interpretation of the act I think your duty is clearly to take action against the real estate and bonds and mortgages held by the rebels, and then let the question come before the courts for decision. I think you have equal authority to look after the banks and their customers, and to obtain from the officers of these institutions all the information you can which may aid the Government in arresting the efforts of disloyal parties to give aid and comfort to the enemy.

Respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 18, 1861.

N. S. BERRY,

Governor of New Hampshire, Concord:

If you can provide the baggage train do so. If not, send the regiment uniformed and armed.

SIMON CAMERON.

NEW HAVEN, September 18, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

The Seventh Regiment left this evening with 1,000 men thoroughly uniformed, armed, and equipped.

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor of Connecticut.

JUDGE-ADVOCATE-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,

New York, September 18, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: At request of Governor Morgan I write to ask whether the order of August 3, 1861, in relation to the supplies to be furnished

