
to the New York troops, was not intended to cover medical supplies as well as the other items mentioned therein. Medical supplies are undoubtedly within the general spirit of that order, but the Governor desires a more explicit authority. Under this impression, that the order would cover such supplies, they have been put up strictly in accordance with the invoice of the U. S. purveyor for five regiments. Shall this course be continued and the bills for the same be sent to the proper officers?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. HENRY ANTHON,

Judge-Advocate-General State of New York.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 18, 1861.

Mr. EDWARD VERNON,

148 West 49th Street, New York City:

SIR: Your letters of the 9th and 17th are received. This Department has referred the organization of additional forces to the governors of the several States, and I therefore suggest that your application be made to Governor Morgan, who has charge of the whole subject in the State of New York.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

HARRISBURG, September 18, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

The 4,000 muskets have arrived. They are Prussian guns made in 1823, altered, second-hand, in all respects inferior; much heavier than our muskets; of different caliber. The rifles have not arrived. I cannot induce our people to take them. I can arm four regiments if the rifles arrive. We have to use 1,000 rifles belonging to the State. There are 2,000 more or less muskets in arsenal at Pittsburg. Do, if you please, telegraph an order for them immediately. We can have them sent on to-night. Order where the 4,000 guns are to be sent.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.

EXECUTIVE CHAMBER,

Harrisburg, Pa., September 18, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Under authority given by the War Department to citizens of other States than Pennsylvania to raise troops, sundry persons are recruiting men in Pennsylvania to the great detriment of the service here. It is believed that this course is not sanctioned by the Department, but is an abuse of the authority that has been thus given. It is urgently desired that such proceedings may be stopped without delay, and it is therefore suggested that orders be given to prevent them, and that, if persisted in, the authority under which they profess to be carried on may be revoked. A list is appended of the persons who are publicly advertising for such recruits. An early answer is requested.

Very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

A. G. CURTIN.

