
[Memorandum referred to in the letter.]

Colonel C. F. Dickel, New York; Colonel Soest, New York; officers of Colonel Baker's brigade, Oregon; Colonel Ernewein, New York; Colonel Meagher, New York; Colonel Lamon, Illinois. Many others have been reported.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 18, 1861.

JAMES S. NEGLEY,

Harrisburg:

All matters relative to organizing and forwarding troops are now invested in Governor Curtin.

T. A. SCOTT.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT., GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 80. Washington, September 19, 1861.

* * * *

II. The attention of officers of the Regular Army is again directed to section 11 of the act of Congress approved August 3, 1861, and promulgated in General Orders, Numbers 54, current series, from this office, which prescribes that in all cases of enlistment and re-enlistment in the military services, the prescribed oath may be administered by any commissioned officer of the Army. Fees to civil officers for said service will therefore not be admitted.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 81. Washington, September 19, 1861.

I. Officers of volunteer sent out to recruit for their regiments will be entitled to free passes over the roads leading to and from the points to which they are ordered. Should any portion of the route lie upon roads for which no such passes are issued, they will be paid for such distance their actual traveling expenses, subsistence not included, out of the fund for recruiting and equipping volunteers; but in no case can they receive the allowance of 10 cents per mile for transportation of baggage. There are instances in which a free pass has been obtained and this later amount likewise drawn for the same distance, and in all such the officers are notified that they must immediately refund the amount, upon penalty of being stricken from the rolls.

II. In accordance with section 12 of the act of Congress of July 22, 1861, entitled "An act to authorize the employment of volunteers," the following method of enabling such of the volunteer forces of the United States as may desire it to assign portions of their pay for the benefit of their families is hereby adopted:

1. The assignment of pay will be made on a separate roll, similar to the annexed form,* to be executed under the supervision of the captain or immediate commander of the recruit at the time of enlistment, or of the soldier in camp.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

