
2. When completed, the allotment roll is to be transmitted to the Paymaster-General, by whom the deductions will be made on each subsequent pay-roll, and the aggregate amount of each company's assignment will be transmitted by him to the distributor named in the roll, together with a copy of said roll.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Saint Paul, Minn., September 19, 1861.

Hon SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the reception of your telegraphic dispatch of the 17th, requesting me to 'send the Second Minnesota Regiment director to Washington, and adopt measures to organize two more infantry regiments at the earliest date possible," and to reply that on the same day your dispatch was received the colonel commanding the Second Regiment was notified of your orders, and directed to get his regiment together for the route to Washington as soon as possible. Six companies of his regiment are garrisoning the frontier forts dispatched, ordering their immediate march to headquarters at Fort Snelling. They will be replaced by companies of the Fourth regiment, for the organization of which, along with a third regiment, I have already issued a call upon our people.

The Second Regiment will be ready to march in about two weeks, and will be found in officers and material not inferior to our First Regiment. Its field officers are:

Horatio P. Van Cleve, graduate of West Point, colonel commanding.

James George, an officer in the Mexican war and lave captain Company A, First Minnesota, major.

Permit me also to remind the Department in this connection that our season of navigation on the Mississippi, our only means of communication for transportation, will close some time between the 1st and the 15th of November, and that measures should be immediately taken to make ample provision previous to that time for supplying the Third and Fourth Regiments with all their equipments, clothing, subsistence, &amp;c.

Very respectfully,

ALEX. RAMSEY.

EXECUTIVE CHAMBER,

Harrisburg, Pa., September 19, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge your favor of 14th instant in which you desire me to appoint Prince Salm-Salm, of Prussia, colonel of "Young's Kentucky Cavalry."

This regiment having been raised in Pennsylvania, as I am informed, it will give me great pleasure to comply with your request if a requisition be made for another regiment of cavalry to enable me to make the appointment in accordance with law. The regiment will hereafter be

