
The vouchers accompanying the estimate show very high prices for some of the articles, as, for example, $22.50 each for Hall carbines-only cost $17.50 when new; an arm which has been rejected from the U. S. military service after trial, and many of which have been condemned as unsuitable for public service, and sold at public auction at $6 and under.

Enfield rifles at $26.50, which were recently contracted for, of first quality, at $20. Colt pistols at $35, for which the contract price is $25; Colt carbines at $60, and Colt rifles at $65 each-much more than these arms are worth. There is no evidence that these arms have undergone inspection by a U. S. officer, or any inspection at all.

I may remark, generally, that in view of unauthorized purchases of arms and other ordnance supplies at prices involving expenditures of great magnitude, I deem in my duty to call the attention of the Secretary of War to this subject, and to state that unless measures are adopted to regulate such purchases and restrict expenditures, even the very liberal appropriation for the purpose will not be sufficient to meet the liabilities which may, and probably will, be thus incurred.

Instructions as to complying with this estimate are requested.

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., September 25, 1861.

Colonel THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War:

I have a half-dozen regiments ready to move and not a gun for them. The last one sent to Anderson he armed with flint-lock muskets. The recruiting business in Indiana will stop if guns are not furnished. Sending regiments out of the State unarmed deters men from entering the service. They are sent into the field before having learned how to handle their guns. Why not send the guns here? They go into the service anyhow. Why not send the guns here? They go into the service anyhow. Governor Dennison told me last night the Government promised him at once 5,000 rifles, and there are now 6,000 rifle muskets in arsenal in Cincinnati. I have heard nothing of Wood's appointment. My State has done well; stripped herself of arms for the Government, and the war is now upon her border. If I have done anything the Government don't like, charge it to me and do not let the State suffer. I wish this shown to the President.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 25, 1861-10.30 a. m.

Governor SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD,

Des Moines, Iowa:

It will be unwise to draft the militia at this time. We prefer to rely upon patriotism of people for volunteer force required.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 25, 1861.

JEREMIAH T. BOYLE,

Esq., Danville, Ky.:

SIR: You are hereby authorized to raise a brigade of infantry in the State of Kentucky, to consist of three regiments, to be organized in

