
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 23, 1861.

General J. MEREDITH READ, Jr.,

Adjutant-General of New York, Albany:

SIR: In answer to the inquiry contained in your letter of the 21st instant, relative to [whether in] the event of the passage of an appropriation therefor by her Legislature the State of New York can be permitted to purchase about 5,000 Mine muskets from the Union States, I have the honor to inform you that the practice of disposing of the Government arms has been abandoned, and none are now for sale.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOLT,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 24, 1861.

His Excellency O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana, Indianapolis:

SIR: In answer to your letter of the 17th instant I have the honor to inclose to you a report of the Chief of Ordnance, communicating the information desired by you touching the quantity and kind of arms due to Indiana and the mode of obtaining the same.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOLT,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

WAR DEPARTMENT, ORDNANCE OFFICE, Washington, January 23, 1861.

Honorable JOSEPH HOLT,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In answer to the letter of His Excellency O. P. Morton, Governor of Indiana, of the 17th instant, and referred to this office, I have the honor to report that, as stated in my letter to Governor Hammond, of the 9th instant, copy of which is herewith inclosed, the State of Indiana is entitled to 592 muskets for its quota for 1861; from which being deducted, for arms since issued upon Governor Hammond's requisition of the State of 487 4\13 muskets. There are no arrearages due to the State for past years.

The arms are distributed to the States according to the number of their Representatives and Senators in Congress, respectively, being in conformity with the seventh section of "An act making appropriations for the support of the Army for the year ending the 30th of June, 1865, and for other purposes," approved 3rd of March, 1855. There is no particular form of application required. All that is necessary for the Governor to do is to designate in his letter to this office the particular kind of arms desired of those that are issuable, as per printed statement inclosed when they will be promptly furnished.

The letter of Governor Morton is herewith returned.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. K. CRAIG,

Colonel of Ordnance.

