
accordance with the terms of general orders issued from the Adjutant-General's Office. You are hereby authorized to select the following gentleman as field officers:

First Regiment-colonel, B. W. Foley, of Kenton; lieutenant- colonel, W. A. Warner, of Pendleton; major, John J. Landram, of Gallatin.

Second Regiment-colonel, Joseph Dniphan, of Bracken; lieutenant-colonel, James J. Handall, of Pendleton; major, Fountaine Ridale, of Boone.

Third Regiment-colonel, W. J. Landram of Garrard; lieutenant- colonel, John Cowan, of Boyle; major, William Dougherty, of Lincoln.

You will advise the Adjutant-General at the War Department when the men are ready to be mustered, and the proper mustering officer will be detailed to muster them into the U. S. service.

Respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Albany, September 25, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I wrote the Secretary of War on Saturday last on several topics connected with the organization and enlistment of volunteers.* The great interest manifested by you in regard to our State quotas induces me to ask your attention to the following requests, to the end that I may secure such authority as will enable me to encourage rather than to repress the rising spirit of enlistments:

First. Authority from the Government to me to furnish an additional force in this State of at least 25,000 men, as they may offer, of infantry, cavalry, and artillery. The requisition for twenty-five regiments made on me in August last is now rapidly filling up, and the organizations already started will be fully sufficient to fill up this quota. The approaching close of navigation will furnish an important source of enlistment. The canals, the river, and the lakes cannot fail to give us many hardy and loyal men who are dependent upon their daily employment for support of themselves and their families, and whom from following out-of-door pursuits, from constant exposure to the weather, their habits of self-reliance, and being accustomed to obey orders, will be found to be of the best material for recruits. The Government will undoubtedly need the men, and it is important that they be enrolled as fast as they shall offer. This will tend to prevent them from squandering their earnings, and from a course of recklessness which, with the class who follow the water, usually succeeds their season of labor, as you know. Again, our civil authorities are likely to have their full share of care in preserving good order independently of this element.

Second. It is imperatively necessary that our volunteers should be furnished with suitable arms. This State has expended half a million dollars in Europe for arms. Our authorities have exhausted their power in that direction, and I now look to the Government. I have applied to the War and Ordnance Departments for a supply, and I beg to ask your aid in the matter. This state has not had a modern Springfield musket since the commencement of the war. Why is this? Our requisitions have been for a due proportion of such, but we have invariably received the old smooth-bores of 1842 or 1822.

I am, very truly, yours,

E. D. MORGAN.

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. VI, p. 172.

---------------

