
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 25, 1861.

Honorable ANDREW G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania, Harrisburg:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit the following order from the War Department:

1. All the men now enrolled or mustered into the service of the United States for brigades, regiments, batteries, or companies, in the State of Pennsylvania, under the direct authority of the Secretary of War, are placed under the command of the Governor of Pennsylvania, who shall organize or reorganize them as he may deem most advantageous to the interests of the General Government.

2. The United States will continue to furnish subsistence, camp equipage, clothing, &amp;c., as heretofore, for the organizations referred to in the first paragraph, and all U. s. commissaries and quartermasters will furnish, on requisitions made, the necessary subsistence, clothing, &c.

3. All authorizations heretofore given to said brigades, regiments, or companies in the State of Pennsylvania are hereby revoked from and after the expiration of the times limited in the original authority or in any renewals heretofore granted, and in cases where no limit of time has been specified, then from and after the expiration of ten days from the date of this order; and in future all volunteers for the service of the United States shall be raised in Pennsylvania only under requisitions made on the Governor.

All authorities issued by the War Department for independent regiments, subject to the approval of the Governor, which have not been so approved, are hereby revoked.

Respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

MEDISON, WIS., September 25, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON:

Will you accept two additional companies of artillery now full?

A. W. RANDALL.

NORWICH, September 26, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

I will raise two or four companies of cavalry for a New England regiment. Will accept them?

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor.

NEW YORK, September 26, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

The first three regiments to be ready in Massachusetts are the Twenty-second, Twenty-third, Twenty-fifth. I am officially informed that General Butler expects to have these regiments. The Governor of Massachusetts admits they belong to me, and is anxious I should have them. The first three regiments formed were pledged to me, but two of them are said to have been raised by General Wilson, and unless steps be taken to the contrary they will fall into General Butler's hands.

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General.

