
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Hartford, Conn., September 27, 1861.

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES,

Washington:

SIR: We have patriotic, resolute, and brave boatmen in our State, whose services, it appears to me, would be of great value in expeditions designed to operate on our Southern coasts. Their experience in managing boats would enable them to land troops in weather so rough and on a shore so dangerous as to prevent their going landed by less skillful hands; but they are not inclined to a soldier's life or duty, and do not volunteer to join our regiments. I, however, believe that I could raise four or five companies, of from 75 to 100 men each, for such special duty for two year. I would uniform them as sailors, and arm them with short sordes and lith rifles or muskets. If you think this suggestion of value, and would except such a corps though either the Navy or War Department, advise me at an early day, and make such suggestions as you think proper in regard to the organization, and I will endeavor to raise it and place it at your disposal.

I am, dear sir, with high regard, your obedient servant,

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 27, 1861.

Governor BUCKINGHAM,

Norwich, Conn.:

You may raise a squadron of four companies of cavalry, with orders to report to General McClellan within thirty days, if ready for service.

SIMON CAMERON.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 27, 1861-11 a. m.

Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis, Ind.:

We send 3,500 musket to-day and will send more to-morrow.

SIMON CAMERON.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, September 27, 1861.

C. C. NOURSE, Esq.,

Attorney-General of Iowa:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 16th instant, I am directed to say that copies of the necessary laws and general orders referred to have already been forwarded, addressed to the Governor of Iowa. I am further direction to say that drafting should not as yet be resorted to in your State.

I am, sir, &amp;c.,

A. BAIRD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[SEPTEMBER 27, 1861.-For Cameron to Andrew, relating to th disposition of troops, &c., see p. 821.]

