
EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Jackson, Mich, September 27, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The regiments now raising in Michigan are all nearly full, and arrangements are perfected to fill them entirely, and I am constantly requested to receive new companies, which I cannot do uncles your Department will receive them when organized. I wish, therefore, to know as soon as may be whether I shall continue to receive as many men as may volunteer and organize them as I have so far done. And is so, within what time? Michigan can easily furnish several more regiments if desired. I hope you take them.

I am, sir, your obedient servant,

AUSTIN BLAIR,

Governor of Michigan.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 27, 1861.

His Excellency Governor EDWIN D. MORGAN,

Albany, N. Y.:

SIR: Your letter of the 25th instant, addressed to the Secretary of State, was handed to me this morning.* Allow me respectfully to suggest that hereafter, when Your Excellency has business to transact connected with this Department, our intercourse will be much facilitated if you will address your communications directly to me. I am very desirous of meeting the wishes of the Governor of the State of New York by every means in the power of the Department.

Your offer to finish 25,000 men in addition to the last requisition made upon you is cheerfully accepted. You will please organize them, and prepare them for service with the least possible delay.

Your complaint in regard to arms is hardly just. At the commencement of the war our arsenals were nearly empty, and we have now purchased every gun fit for service that could be obtained in Europe and America. We have doubled the capacity of the Springfield Armory, and the large force there employed are engaged day and night. Originally the arms made at that place amounted to 3,000 per month. After this month we shall be able to furnish 10,000 per month. In addition, we have employed every manufactory of arms in the United States of which we could hear, so we hope that byenty-five regiments now authorized are ready for the field we will be able to supply them with arms worthy the hardy men of New York State. Nothing will give the Department greater pleasure than to be able to gratify Your Excellency in this as in all other respects.

I am, with high regard, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 27, 1861.

Colonel EDWARD W. SERRELL,

Commanding Volunteer Engineer Regiment, New York:

SIR: Your offer to furnish a regiment of volunteer engineer officers and soldiers is accepted by this Department, subject to the approval of

---------------

*See p. 540.

---------------

