
165, Revised Regulations, on which the discharge from service is finally made. And the said commander will indorse thereon the same orders that he gives upon the certificate of disability. By this means the discharge, when complete, will carry with it the evidence of its authenticity, and the necessity for investigation on the part of the Pay Department will be removed.

* * * *

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ORDNANCE OFFICE,

Washington, September 28, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to make the following report in regard to the arms, &amp;c., which were directed to be sent to Governor Morton at Indianapolis, Ind. You will remember that yesterday morning at the War Department I received verbal instructions to send arms, &c., for six regiments to Governor Morton at Indianapolis. Having been informed that several thousand muskets had just been delivered at New York Arsenal, I at once telegraphed to Major Whiteley, the commanding officer of that arsenal, as follows:

Send with dispatch to Governor Morton, Indianapolis, Ind., all the muskets you have, nor exceeding 6,000, with suitable accouterments, and make the number up to 6,000 with accouterments as you get them. Giver Major Thornton the proper information in regard to the number and kind of arms you send, to enable him to supply Governor Morton with suitable ammunition, 100 rounds each gun. Report what you issue on this.

I have just received from Major Whiteley a telegram, dated 27th instant, saying:

Major Hagner sent me a telegram from the Secretary of War this afternoon, and on it I have issued by express to General R. Anderson, Louisville, Ky., 2,380 Enfiled rifle muskets, elongate ball, 58 caliber.

This telegram is the first intimation received at this office that the arms had been ordered from New York Arsenal. In consequence of their having been sent to General Anderson the execution of the order to supply Governor Morton will have to be deferred until further supplies of arms are received.

Respectfully, &c.,

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 28, 1861-11.49 a. m.

Honorable E. D. MORGAN,

New York or Albany:

Can you ship by express to-day 5,000 muskets of stores on hand to General Anderson at Louisville? We can replace them within ten days out of arsenal at New York. Please answer immediately.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

