
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 29, 1861.

Governor RANDALL,

Madison, Wis.:

Send the Eighth Wisconsin to General Fremont, and to such point as he may designate.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

Aggregate of the forces of Illinois organized by Governor Yates for Government service.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Springfield, Ill., September 30, 1861.

Forty-six regiments infantry, 38,440 men; seven regiments cavalry, 5,510 men; First Battalion Artillery (recruiting), 588 men; Second Battalion Artillery (recruiting), 407 men; unassigned companies (recruiting), 411 men; two companies cavalry, mcClernand's brigade, 186 men; First Battalion Sharpshooters, Colonel Williams, 400 men. Total, 46,022 men.

In addition to the above there are nineteen companies of infantry accepted not yet reported at rendezvous, and sixteen companies of cavalry accepted and not yet reported at camp or assigned to regiments. Besides the infantry regiments here reported there are five more being organized-at Shawneetown, Centralia, Cairo, Dixon, and Rock Island-and tow more regiments of cavalry are being formed south of the Ohio and Mississippi Railroad, one is Sangamon County and two at Chicago, which will be ready for equipment switch in thirty days from this date, and will increase the effective forces of Illinois at least 10,000 men.

JOHN S. LOOMIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General Illinois.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, IOWA,

September 30, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: Immediately after requesting the change of two of the infantry regiments required from this State to cavalry I left for the southwestern part of our State, where serous trouble was anticipated from the rebels, then in possession of Saint Joseph and the northwestern part of Missouri. Upon my return, and before I saw the adjutant-general of this State, Major Porter, of the Iowa First, met me, informing me you had authorized the caging of one infantry into a cavalry regiments; and I thereupon authorized him to raise a reigment of cavalry, which he is now doing.

Upon seeing the adjutant I learned from his that all the infantry regiments required from this State were in process of organization and rapidly filling up. This will render necessary either the acceptance of Porter's regiment of cavalry as an addition to the infantry regiments, or the disbandment of several companies already raised for it. I am very desirous you should accept the regiment for the reasons that I wish

