
Major Porter to be gratified, and that by the purchase of the horses for cavalry our people can receive some of the money now so largely expended by the United States, and in that way only; and I assure you no portion of our people need it more. We are furnishing men freely, and our people are anxious to have the chance of selling horses-the only thing they for sale for which there is any demand by the Government. The temperance men of our State desire to form a regiment of "cold-water" men. I have no doubt they can do so of first-rate material. They desire it to be of cavalry. Will it be accepted? This is to be in addition to Porter's regiment. If it cannot be accepted as cavalry, can it as infantry? It can be much easier raised as cavalry, and if possible accept it. If Porter's cavalry or the temperance cavalry are accepted, authorize me to purchase the horses at once-you fixing terms-as it will require some time to get the necessary number. An early answer is important, as Porter's regiment is partly raised.

Very respectfully,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, September 30, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON:

We must have at least 5,000 muskets immediately. Twenty-one hundred rebels are just reported advancing upon Greensburg; threaten Portsmouth, in this State. We have several regiments ready to enter the field, and no arms for them. Send by express the arms-the best you have. The border of this State is in danger, if reports are true.

W. DENNISN.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 85. Washington, October 1, 1861.

The commanding officers of all military departments and troops in the field will immediately make to this office a return of their commands, and will in future make such returns on the 10th, 20th, and last days of each month.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

CHICAGO, October 1, 1861.

Honorable ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

SIR: At a meeting of the Union Committee of this city last evening the undersigned were appointed a committed to address a letter to the President and Secretary of War concerning the recent orders which have been given for the removal of various companies and regiments from the West to the theater of war in Maryland and Virginia. In compliance with the request of the committed we make this communication.

We believed we are correct in saying that all the companies and regiments which have been raised in New England, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland, Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, and five-sixths of those raised in Ohio and Indiana, have been ordered to Maryland and Virginia. There remain to be added to these

