
[Sub-inclosure.]

ORDNANCE OFFICE, Washington, January 9, 1861.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF INDIANA,

Indianapolis:

SIR: Your requisitions of 17th ultimo for seventy-five rifle muskets, &amp;c., on account of the quota of arms due to the State of Indiana for 1861, was referred to this office by the Secretary of War on the 21st of the same month, and as no issue can be made in advance without special directions, it was, on the same day, submitted to the Secretary with the remark that the issue could be made if so ordered. No action was taken on this suggestion, and on the application of Honorable A. G. Porter this day for information as to what had been done in the matter, the paper could not be found at the War Department. Your requisition can, however, now be complied with, as you will perceive by the inclosed letter, if you will state what you wish issued and to whom the same shall be sent.

I remain, very respectfully, &c.,

H. K. CRAIG,

Colonel of Ordnance.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 24, 1861.

Honorable B. STANTON,

Chairman Committee on Military Affairs, House of Representatives:

SIR: I have received your letter of the 22nd instant respecting the necessity for calling into the service of the United States a volunteer force for local defense and the protection of the public property at certain points, and requesting me, if I concur with you, to prepare a bill giving the necessary authority to t he President to meet the emergency.

In reply I have the honor sot say that in my opinion the force now at the command of this Department is sufficient for any contemplated contingency, and that I do not apprehend sa necessity for making a requisition for the services of volunteers. I mach add that the President, concurring I believe in these views, would not desire to have such a bill as you propose submitted to Congress.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. HOLT,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, IOWA, January 24, 1861.

Honorable JOSEPH HOLT,

Secretary of War, Washington City, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose a letter tendering to the President the services of the Governor's Greys, a his State. The services of other military companies have been tendered directly to me.

Whilst I deeply regret that the perils to which the union of the States is exposed arise from domestic and not from foreign foes, I f e el a great and I think an honest pride in the knowledge that the people of Iowa are possessed of an unyielding devotion to the Union and of a fixed determination that so far as depends on them it shall be preserved.

Very respectfully,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

