
WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 1, 1861.

His Excellency WILLIAM A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor of Connecticut, Hartford, Conn.:

SIR: Please send two Connecticut regiments now forming, when ready for service, to Camp Hempstead, Long Island, with instructions to report to General Burnside for orders.

Yours, respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 1, 1861.

Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis, Ind.:

We expect large lots of arms within the next ten days. You shall have full share. We have sent large number to Anderson. Appointments as desired will be made on Monday.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 1, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts, Boston, Mass.:

SIR: Please send Colonel Stevenson's regiment, when ready for service, to Camp Hempstead, Long Island, with instructions to report to General Burnside for orders.

Your, respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Boston, Mass., October 1, 1861.

Lieutenant General WINFIELD SCOTT:

GENERAL: Massachusetts will send on Thursday, the 3rd instant, to Washington a full battery of light artillery, completely equipped for service, under the command of Captain Porter, and on Monday next she will have ready to march a full regiment of infantry, a third battery of artillery, and a company of sharpshooters, under the command of the Honorable Henry Wilson. It is my desire that the regiment under Colonel Wilson shall form a part of the force of General Sherman, but I am not advised whether the battery attached to the regiment is desired for that especial service, and, as I have no positive recent information of the present location of General Sherman's camp, I await orders from you. We have a fourth battery of artillery in progress, which will h within a fortnight, and three more fine regiments of infantry will be ready at about the same time. These last named do not include the regiments that are being recruited for General Butler, or the Irish regiment, which is to be recruited for and attached to the Shields Brigade.

There seems to be no diminution of the zeal or the patriotism of the people of Massachusetts, and I am happy in being able to report to

