
you that all our regiments are in a fair way to be speedily filled tandard.

With sincere regard, I have the honor to remain, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. ANDREW.

[OCTOBER 1, 1861.-For Gurley to Lincoln, relating to organization of troops, &amp;c., in Fremont's command, see Series I. Vol. III, p.511.]

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Albany, N. Y., October 1, 1865.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

DEAR SIR: I lose no time in acknowledging your letter of the 28th [27th] ultimo, conferring authority upon me to raise and additional quota of volunteers. I shall continue the work with the full hope of meeting the wishes and expectations of the Government in this regard.

In reference to my letter to my letter to Governor Seward, I beg to say that in communicating with him nothing was further from my thoughts than an interference with your prerogatives or a disregard of your just authority. His personal knowledge of affairs in this State and his lively interest in all that relates to it induced me on this, as on several previous occasions, to invite his solicitation in obtaining from the President or yourself such authority as seemed to me to be important in carrying out the purposes of the Government.

In disclaiming all discourtesy, I beg to thank you for your uniform kindness and your broad and liberal construction of authority, which has greatly facilitated the raising of volunteers in the several States.

I fully appreciate the difficulties experienced by the Government in obtaining suitable arms, and I well know that every effort is being put forth by you for procuring them. Each States is, of course, apt to be partial to its own troops, and as we have had but little help in this State, I naturally concluded, and still must think, that in the distribution of arms the Government has counted against the State its own purchases of arms in Europe, and New York has not, therefore, participated equally in the apportionment. I do not desire, however, to put this in the form of a complaint, but to urge it as a fact, and to ask that it have your favorable consideration when opportunity will permit.

I am, dear sir, with great regard,

E. D. MORGAN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Wer 1, 1861.

His Excellency EDWIN D. MORGAN,

Governor, &c., Albany, N. Y.:

SIR: Your favor of the 21st ultimo has been received,* and that portion of it having reference to the purchase of horses has been referred to the Quartermaster-General for his consideration.

In regard to furnishing supplies for the equipment of your regiments, you will please make the proper requisition upon the U. S. officers, who will afford you every facility in their power to this end.

---------------

*See Series I, Vol. VI, p.172.

---------------

