
for U. S. service, to be placed for the present in Forts Randall and Leavenworth, that General Fremont may have for active duty the regular troops now garrisoning them. I have these regiments now partly raised, and they will be full in a short time; but a report has been put in circulation that your Department has denied General Fremont's authority to call for these regiments, and that they will not be accepted. I hope this may be incorrect. The Eleventh and Twelfth Regiments of Infantry will soon be full. These will fill the requisition from your Department. The raising of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth Infantry, being those called for by Fremont, will be subsequent to filling the Eleventh and Twelfth, and will not interfere with filling them.

I hope you will give me immediate information, so that, if it be true these regiments will not be received, I may cease further efforts to fill them. In the mean time I shall continue my efforts for their completion.

It may be proper for me to say in this connection that under authority of General Fremont I have already organized a full regiment of cavalry (Third Iowa Cavalry), under Colonel Bussey,mustered into the U. S. service, and part of which is now on duty in Missouri.

At General Fremont's request I have also authorized Colonel H. T. Reid to raise another (the Fifteenth) regiment of infantry. He is now engaged in so doing, and will fill it speedily. If this does not meet the views of the Department, please let me know speedily. Reid's regiment stands on the same ground as those for present garrison duty.

Permit me to suggest that it seems to me very desirable at a time when our forces in the field seem to be met at every point by superior numbers, that all the troops be received that can be raised. We need troops in this region, and the recent withdrawal of some of our Western regiments to Washington increases our need.

Very respectfully,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 2, 1861-11.02 a.m.

Governor WASHBURN,

Maine:

Send the regiment intended for General Sherman to Hempstead Camp by Saturday evening. May we rely upon getting the men by that time?

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 2, 1861-11.01 a.m.

Governor ANDREW,

Boston:

Send the three regiments for General Sherman to Hempstead Camp, on Long Island, by Monday morning at the latest; earlier if possible. Can we rely upon getting them? Please answer.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

BOSTON, MASS., October 2, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Governor Andrew absent in western portion of State, therefore unable to consult him on subject of your telegram but from my own knowledge

