
The supply of horse equipments and sabers belongs to the Ordnance Department. Bugles, which you name particularly, are being made under contract with this Department, and a requisition for a considerable number can be filled in a short time, if not immediately. Be good enough to direct such a requisition to be made to this department, specifying the number you need.

The Secretary of War called the officers of the bureaus together last night to meet the Secretary of the Treasury, and while all agree that men are necessary to maintain the country, and, in order to make these men effective, equipments, wagons, and horses, yet the Treasury finds it difficult to meet the great calls, which at this time, when every soldier is to be provided with complete outfit, when every army is purchasing the means of transportation, are much heavier than they will be when the expenditure is confined to keeping up a stock of animals, wagons, clothing, arms, and ammunition once provided and paid for.

There may be delay in payment, though I have full confidence that the people will support the Government to the last extremity.

As a very large supply of transportation is now on hand here, prepared for the Army of the Potomac, I advise that in equipping regiments until further notice no wagons or horses be purchased. They can be supplied upon their arrival in this city.

If you find requisitions of Captain Hodges for funds delayed do not attribute it to this office, but ascribe it to its true cause, the great demand upon the Treasury.

No nation probably ever so quickly and so thoroughly organized and equipped so large an army and so nearly paid its way as we have done.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, IOWA,

October 4, 1861.

His Excellency the PRESIDENT:

The condition of affairs in Missouri at this time causes much excitement and alarm in our State. Our people have at different times gone into Missouri, at the earnest request of the Union men there, to afford them protection and prevent them from being driven from the State. When the emergencies have passed by our people have returned and resumed their usual avocations. At the time of the capture of Saint Joe by the rebels recently, 1,200 of our men thus went to the assistance of the Union men, part of whom have not yet returned, so far as I am informed. This has excited against our people and State a bitter dislike on the part of the rebel forces and their leaders, and their threats of vengeance have been violent and frequent. A battle lost at this time by General Fremont would lay all our southern border open to devastation and plunder by the victors, and while we have strong trust that success and not defeat awaits us, the probability of a different result naturally excites alarm.

Under these circumstances I have issued an order, a copy of which I inclose. We are turning out our men freely for U. S. service, but can turn our many more for our own protection, but we are substantially unarmed. When the war broke out we had in the State some 1,500 old muskets, about 200 rifles and rifled muskets, and four 6-pounder pieces of artillery. We have received from the Department 5,000 muskets during this summer, of which about 2,000 have gone in the hands of regiments from the State into U. S. service. We placed in the hands

