
of Colonel Moore, in the U. S. service in Missouri, one piece of artillery needed by him. This is our state of preparation as to arms to meet the consequences of a defeat of the Federal forces in Missouri, and the prospect is gloomy enough. Can you help us in the way of arms? If you can help us, I can promise our men will use the arms for their defense bravely and well. If you cannot help us, we must do the best we can to help ourselves, although it is difficult to see how we can save the southern frontier of our State from invasion and plunder. We need arms of all kinds for infantry, artillery, and cavalry.

Please let me hear from you at as early a period as possible.

Very respectfully,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

P. S.-I forgot to say that by reason of our failure to sell our State bonds I have been and am wholly unable to buy arms for the State.

[Inclosure.]

CIRCULAR LETTER.] EXECUTIVE OFFICE, IOWA,

October 3, 1861.

SIR: The present condition of affairs in Missouri is such as to render it prudent for us in Iowa to be prepared for possible reverses there. Should the rebels gain the battle soon to be fought there, it is mot improbable they may endeavor to enter our State. We should be prepared to meet this emergency. To this end two things are necessary-organization and arms.

In order to effect an organization in your county, you are hereby appointed to organize into companies and regiments all able- bodied men in your county liable to perform military duty under chapter 17 of the acts of the extra session of 1861. These companies and regiments, as thus organized, are only for the defense of the State, and cannot be transferred as such to the service of the United States. If, however, companies are organizing in your county for U. S. service, you will not interfere with such organizations, but afford them all proper facilities. Report to the adjutant-general at Davenport each regiment as soon as organized and commissions will be forwarded. You will perceive by the law that companies may consist of not less than 40 nor more than 100 men. Endeavor to have each company filled to the highest number.

As you are aware, the State is not properly armed, nor can arms be had at present by the State. Under these circumstances you will require every man in your county having private arms to report the number and kind of arms he has. Double-barreled shotguns and hunting rifles, although not the best, are good arms in the hands of brave men. If arms of this kind are in the hands of persons in whose families there are not men liable to military duty, you will have such appraised and receipted for in the name of the State, to be paid for if lost or injured or not returned; and when you deliver the same to any company, take bond from the captain for the same at the appraised value, keeping a correct list to show the owner of each arm and the captain to whom delivered. The captain will take the privates to whom arms are thus delivered bonds for the same.

Of each regiment thus organized two companies may be mounted men, or two companies of mounted men may be attached to each regiment.

The force thus organized is strictly for the defense of the State; for the defense of the property and homes of its members. Every man must furnish his own clothing, horse, and equipments, and all will hold

36 R R-SERIES III, VOL I

