
themselves in readiness to march at a moment's notice. As soon as a regiment is organized you may call it together for one day's drill, and then dismiss the men, after having perfected arrangements for calling them together again with the least possible delay in case of emergency.

Understand for yourself and have all others understand that the work hereby enjoined is specially for your and their own protection, and let your action be prompt, decided, and earnest.

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 4, 1861-10.23 a.m.

HORACE B. SARGENT,

Aide-de-Camp, Boston:

Put your three regiments in good shape as possible and forward them.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 4, 1861.

His Excellency Governor OLDEN,

Trenton, N. J.:

The Government desires that you organize, in addition to the regiments already authorized, one regiment of rifles, to be organized as infantry; also eight additional companies of artillery, with batteries of six guns each. The foregoing to be prepared for service in accordance with orders issued from the Adjutant-General's Office from time to time.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

NEW YORK, October 4, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Do you wish Lieutenant Swain to organize a regiment of cavalry in addition to 4,000 cavalry now under way, for which arms cannot very soon be provided? I go to Albany. Shall be here again Monday.

E. D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York.

PROVIDENCE, October 4, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Our Fourth Regiment, by terms of enlistment, was raised for land service, and will leave for Washington, as previously ordered, on Saturday. Our Third is on coast service under Sherman, and the Fifth is organizing for same service under Burnside. The Fourth is the best yet furnished by Rhode Island, and can't be ordered on coast service without destroying its organization. To forward further enlistment it is necessary for it to leave here immediately.

W. SPRAGUE.

