
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Albany, N. Y., October 8, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that within the next ten days I can forward to the seat of war, or wherever directed, at least six regiments of infantry, all having the minimum and several the maximum number, equipped with the exception of arms, and with the exception of baggage wagons, horses, and tents, which General Meigs desires should not be sent, there being a large supply at Washington. I now desire to be advised whether all this force shall be sent to Washington. Some of the regiments can move in a day or two.

With great regard, your obedient servant,

E. D. MORGAN.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, October 8, 1861.

Colonel THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War:

One regiment leaves to-day for Rosecrans. Another only waiting for its colonel and arms. Will follow in two or three days at furthest.

WM. DENNISON,

Governor of Ohio.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 9, 1861.

His Excellency E. D. MORGAN,

Governor, &amp;c., Albany, N. Y.:

SIR: Your favor of the 28th ultimo asking authority to purchase cavalry and artillery horses was received and referred to the Quartermaster-General, who reports that "a large stock has accumulated on the hands of the Government, and no more should be bought for some time. Regiments of cavalry and artillery can be horsed the moment they arrive here."

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 9, 1861.

His Excellency Governor RANDALL,

Wisconsin:

SIR: Please consider yourself authorized to raise and organize three additional batteries of artillery and five regiments of infantry; also six companies of cavalry, to be added to the six already authorized, under Mr. Daniels, thus forming a full regiment of cavalry from Wisconsin; these organizations to be perfected as rapidly as possible, and in accordance with general orders as issued from time to time from the Adjutant-General's Department.

Respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

