
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 10, 1861.

Lieutenant TREADWELL,

Bridesburg Arsenal, near Philadelphia:

John Pouder has 10,000 guns that arrived by the Bavaria at New York yesterday. They are to be delivered to you for inspection on account of his contract. See him to-day. Inspect the arms without delay and send 5,000 stand to Governor Dennison, Columbus, Ohio, and 5,000 to Governor Morton, Indianapolis, Ind., forthwith.

THOMAS. A. SCOTT.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., October 10, 1861.

Colonel THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Sent two regiments yesterday to Sherman. Will send two more to- morrow, and one next day, but they have no arms. It is mortifying to the soldiers and the State to go unarmed, not having a chance to learn the manual of arms. The policy of the Government in sending the arms elsewhere, which were promised after being advised that we had the troops ready, is not understood here.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 10, 1861.

His Excellency ALEXANDER RAMSEY,

Governor of Minnesota, Saint Paul, Minn.:

SIR: You are hereby authorized to raise and organize an additional regiment of cavalry, to serve for three years, or during the war. This acceptance is with the distinct understanding that this Department will revoke the commissions of all officers who may be found incompetent for the proper discharge of their duties.

Very, &amp;c.,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 10, 1861.

Honorable E. D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York, Albany, N. Y.:

DEAR SIR: Your letter of the 8th instant is received. Upon the 28th of September a requisition in favor of Captain Hodges for $1,000,000 was sent from this office to the Secretary of War and by him to the Treasury.

Quite lately, after the return of the Secretary of the Treasury from New York, where he had negotiated for the second installment of the loan, he, as I have already informed you, called the heads of bureaus together to give them some information upon the means at his disposal.

He sent to the War Department a day or two afterward a list of requisitions from the War Department, which the Treasury had not

