
any that may remain in excess of regulation allowances may, when so directed by the general commanding, be issued to any other troops in the service of the United States standing in need of them.

By order:

JULIUS P. GARESCHE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 11, 1861.

Governor MORTON,

Indianapolis:

Your message received. The arms promised you were not sent to any other party. We expected 20,000 on the steamer Fulton; not one arrived. The disappointment to the Department was fully as great as it could have been to you. Ten thousand guns arrived yesterday. As soon as they can be inspected 5,000 will go to you and 5,000 to Governor Dennison, all for benefit of Kentucky.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., October 11, 1861.

Colonel THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Very glad to learn arms are coming. Hope they will be furnished forward. My dispatch last night was based on the following, received from General Ripley, and will explain:

OCTOBER 8, 1861.

The 4,000 ordered for you were subsequently ordered by the Secretary of War to General Anderson.

J. W. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Boston, Mass., October 11, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

DEAR SIR: The cavalry regiment desired from Massachusetts is fully recruited, and its colonel, Robert Williams, of Virginia, lately of the First Dragoons, U. S. Army, and more recently assistant adjutant-general attached to General Banks' staff, has assumed its command.

We are able to furnish it with all its needful clothing, camp equipage, and horses. We have refrained from furnishing ourselves the sabers, horse accouterments, &amp;c., or taking measures to import them from Europe, because we relied upon your promise, made the the quartermaster-general of Massachusetts, General Reed, and to my military secretary, Lieutenant-Colonel Browne, when they called upon you early in September, that such articles should be furnished to us by the United States to issue to the regiment, and relying also upon your order issued at that time to General Ripley to furnish to us such articles for that purpose.

A requisition has now been made upon us by the quartermaster of the regiment, and approved by Colonel Williams, for the immediate

