
supply to the regiment of 1,200 sets horse equipments, 1,200 sabers and belts, and 1,200 spurs and straps, accompanied by an urgent personal representation of the immediate need of all these articles.

We are unable to furnish these articles and answer this requisition, because we have yet received them from General Ripley, notwithstanding representations of the urgent need in which we stand of them, which have been made by telegraph and by letter, as well as by gentlemen personally.

It is too late for us now to send to Europe for these articles. The only source from which they can be procured in proper season in America is from the Ordnance Department of the U. S. Army. We have seen you issue an order, now six weeks ago, to General Ripley to supply us with them, and yet they have not yet been received by us. I beg you, most respectfully, to intervene in this matter and see that your order is enforced, and furnish us with the means of making this regiment efficient.

Massachusetts has taken pride in permitting none of her three- years' regiments to appear in Washington until fully equipped. This is the first instance in which she has asked the Federal Government to assist in the equipment, and having asked to little in this respect, I rely upon your kind disposition to enable us to maintain our reputation in this respect, I rely upon your kind disposition to enable us to maintain our reputation in this connection.

I am, very respectfully, and obediently, yours,

JOHN A. ANDREW.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 11, 1861.

His Excellency AUSTIN BLAIR,

Governor of Michigan, Jackson, Mich.:

SIR: You are hereby authorized to raise and organize five additional regiments of infantry for the service of the United States, to serve for three years, or during the war. The acceptance is with the distinct understanding that this Department will revoke the commissions of all officers who may be found incompetent for the proper discharge of their duties.

I am, sir, very respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 11, 1861.

His Excellency EDWIN D. MORGAN,

Governor, &amp;c., Albany, N. Y.:

SIR: Your three communications of the 8th instant have been received at the War Department. That referring to Bailey's regiment has been already answered by telegraph. You will please sent to Washington as rapidly as organized the six regiments of infantry and the three regiments of cavalry to which you draw the attention of the Department.

Thanking you for your prompt, energetic action, I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

