
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 11, 1861.

Governor DENNISON,

Columbus, Ohio:

We had a lot of arms arrive at New York yesterday, which are ordered to be inspected at Philadelphia as soon as possible; 3,000 [5,000] of them will be sent to you. If there is any other aid we can give you please designate.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, October 11, 1861.

Honorable THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Thanks for arms. Please hasten them on. We want more immediately, at least 20,000. We have no cavalry arms for three regiments about ready to march. Kentucky is urgently calling on us for arms. Our arsenal here should be kept well supplied for Ohio, Western Virginia, and Kentucky. I am satisfied Ohio will have to furnish Kentucky not only large number of forces, but supply nearly all her wants.

W. DENNINSON,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 12, 1861.

THOMAS DRUMMOND,

GRANT GOODRICH,

Union Defense Committee, Chicago, Ill.:

GENTLEMEN: Your favor of the 1st instant has been received. The Department fully appreciates the force of the statements it contains, and begs to inform the Union Committee that the Governors of the various States west of Pennsylvania have been instructed to reserve their troops for service in Virginia, Kentucky, and Missouri, and that hereafter no troops from the Western States will be moved eastward for service on the Potomac unless the exigencies of the times imperatively require it, of which exigencies the Department has not knowledge.

Respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 12, 1861.

His Excellency SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD,

Governor, &amp;c., Iowa City, Iowa:

SIR: Your favor of the 30th ultimo has been received. You are hereby authorized by the War Department to organize, in addition to the quota of troops already furnished by the State of Iowa, two additional regiments, one of cavalry and one of infantry, in accordance with the regulations and general orders issued from the Adjutant-General's Office. The Department will be pleased to have you assign the command of the cavalry regiment to Major Porter, in accordance with your request. You will please to organize the temperance men as an infantry regiment. In regard to the purchase of horses, it will be necessary that

