
you should address yourself to the Quartermaster-General, with whom rests the entire direction of such matters.

I have the honor to be, very, &amp;c.,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 12, 1861.

Honorable SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD,

Governor of Iowa:

SIR: Yours of the 4th instant, inclosing a printed copy of an order made by you on the 3rd instant, in relation to the organization and equipment of the citizens of your State for home defense, has been duly received. In the opinion of this Department the measures proposed by you are eminently proper for State purposes. This Department fully appreciates the anxiety that must exist among an unarmed people when threatened with hostile incursion. We trust, however, that the dangers you apprehend are more distant than you fear. This Department is willing to aid, by all means in its power, to protect your people and repel any invasion that may be attempted. At present, however, we can give you little more than good wishes. Of artillery and small arms there is but a meager supply on hand to meet the requirements of the service, and none can now be spared from points where there are imperative demands for them. In a short time, however, we hope to have a more abundant supply, when, if necessity demands and the law will permit it, measures will do doubt be taken to supply the wants of your State and people.

Respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

DETROIT, October 12, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

General Sherman telegraphs that Michigan Volunteers are of no use to him unless armed and equipped. He has no arms there. Can arms and equipment be forwarded here for two regiments now ready to march?

AUSTIN BLAIR,

Governor of Michigan.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 12, 1861.

Governor BLAIR,

Detroit, Mich.:

We have not arms and equipments on hand to furnish you now. We expect them every day. As soon as they arrive you shall be provided.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 14, 1861.

Honorable S. P. CHASE,

Secretary of the Treasury:

SIR: I herewith inclose a copy of sent by Minister Sanford to the Secretary of State, with an indorsement directing that

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

