
the recent session, with those measures, and did not provide as amply as could be wished for the fortification of our sea and lake coasts. In previous wars the loyal States have applied themselves by independent and separate activity to support and aid the Federal Government in its arduous responsibilities. The same disposition has been manifested, in a degree eminently Honorable , by all loyal States during the present insurrection.

In view of this fact, and relying upon the increase and continuance of the same disposition on the part of the loyal States, the President has directed me to invite your consideration to the subject of the improvement and fortification of the defenses of the State over which you preside, and ask you to submit the subject to the consideration of the Legislature when it shall have assembled. Such proceedings by the State would require only the temporary use of its means; the expenditures ought to be made the subject of conference with the Federal Government.

Being thus made with the concurrence of the Government for general defense, there is every reason to believe that Congress would sanction what the State should, and would provide for its reimbursement. Should these suggestions be accepted, the President will direct proper agents of the Federal Government to confer with you, and superintend, direct, and conduct the prosecution of the system of defense of your State.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

(The same, mutatis mutandis, to the Governors of all the States on the sea-board and lakes.)

WAR DEPARTMENT,

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., October 15, 1861.

Honorable J. A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts, Boston:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 12th instant, with a copy of your letter of the 11th instant to the Secretary of War inclosed.

In a late communication with Your Excellency on the subject this Department of course did not wish any engagements made on the part of the Government to be broken, but only to advise you not to purchase, if not already, certain wagons-wagons and horses- which the Government could supply from stock on hand here. This Department is heavily in debt and the Treasury is not able to pay cash.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 15, 1861.

Governor DENNISON,

Columbus, Ohio:

Cavalry arms are exceedingly scarce. Have just learned that 500 cavalry sets can be had in New York. Have just requested General Ripley to purchase and send them to you.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

