
sailed this afternoon for Staten Island, their destiny having been given by General A. E. Burnside, to whom the colonel will report.

I am, dear sir, yours, with high regard,

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 17, 1861.

Colonel WILLIAM H. PURNELL,

Baltimore, Md.:

SIR: The two additional companies of cavalry you offer to be attached to the Purnell Legion are accepted, to serve for three years or during the war. This acceptance is with the distinct understanding that this Department will revoke the commissions of all officers who may be found incompetent for the proper discharge of their duties. Your men will be mustered into the service of the United States in accordance with General Orders, Nos.58, 61, and 70, herein inclosed.*

Very respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

PITTSBURG, October 17, 1861.

Honorable T. A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War:

I reviewed Negley's brigade and presented the standards to them this afternoon. The regiments are full and men fully equipped and in excellent condition. They are embarking, but I fear boats enough have not been provided. Seven boats are required, and the gentleman in charge here talks of putting 1,000 on each boat. I suggest that you telegraph C. W. Batchelor, collector of the port, to provide as many boats as he thinks necessary. The men are all elated with order to go to Louisville. Answer me at Harrisburg.

A. G. CURTIN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 17, 1861.

General NEGLEY,

Pittsburg:

Proceed with your command direct to Louisville and report to General Sherman for orders. I presume your river transportation will take you there, if water is good, quicker than any other. If stores are aboard, get off immediately. Answer.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 17, 1861.

Governor RANDALL,

Madison, Wis.:

Send your two regiments and companies of artillery direct to Louisville without delay, whether armed or not. Provible.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary.

---------------

*See pp.412, 424, 478.

---------------

