
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 18, 1861.

I. WASHBURN, Jr.,

Governor of Maine:

SIR: Yours of the 15th instant has been duly received. You are hereby authorized to raise and organize five companies of artillery, of six guns each, in addition to those heretofore authorized to be raised in your State. We have also been informed by H. N. Hunt, esq., that there are also four companies of cavalry now ready for organization in your State and that they are desirous to be attached to the Harris Brigade of the State of New York. This Department has no objection to their being so attached and counted as troops from your State, provided the Governor of the State of New York will agree that the said companies shall not be counted as part of the quota of troops to be raised by the State of New York.

Respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 18, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor, &amp;c., Massachusetts:

SIR: Your communication of the 11th instant in reference to the arming of the cavalry regiment of Massachusetts has been received. In reply you are respectfully informed that orders have been given by the Chief of the Bureau of Ordnance to supply the arms and equipments necessary for the regiment.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

GENERAL HEADQUARTERS, STATE OF NEW YORK,

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Albany, October 18, 1861.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: I am directed by His Excellency Governor Morgan to inform you that in accordance with instructions from the War Department, the following regiments of volunteers have been ordered to report to Brigadier-General Burnside in the city of New York:

Fifty-first Regiment, Colonel Ferrero; Fifty-second Regiment, Colonel Frank; Fifty-third Regiment, Colonel d'Epineuil; Fifty- fourth Regiment, Colonel Kozlay.

The following regiments have been organized and will have orders to report at Washington within the next ten or twelve days, unless otherwise ordered, in addition to the Forty-fourth (Ellsworth's), which will go on the 21st instant:

Fifty-sixth, Colonel Van Wyck; Fifty-seventh, Colonel Zook, Fifty-eighth, Colonel Krzyzanowski; Fifty-ninth, Colonel Tidball.

First Regiment New York State Volunteer Artillery, Colonel Bailey, eight batteries; Second Regiment New York State Volunteer Artillery, Colonel Palmer, eight batteries; First [Fifth] Regiment New York State Volunteer Cavalry, Colonel De Forest.

