
In addition to the regiments indicated above there are incomplete organizations at the several regimental camps and depots throughout the State from which it is believed that a force of not less than ten regiments of infantry, three of cavalry, and one of artillery may be organized within the next thirty days.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. HILLHOUSE,

Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Four batteries of four Parrott 10 pounders each will be forwarded to Washington for the First Artillery Regiment; the remaining batteries for the First Artillery Regiment, and all for the Second Regiment, will have to be supplied at Washington.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 18, 1861.

A. G. CURTIN,

Harrisburg:

If you can oblige Friedman, do so. That, with the authority given Campbell, will be about as much as we want from Pennsylvania.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

HARRISBURG, October 18, 1861.

Honorable T. A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War:

You dispatch surprises me. I was led to expect a requisition for another regiment of cavalry, and have nearly enough companies to fill it. If Friedman raises the only regiment in Pennsylvania I must disband my companies for him. You may rest assured great dissatisfaction is growing out of the preference given to Philadelphia in cavalry, and if this regiment is authorized and country companies disbanded I must explain. I will send Friedman back. I can only do justice in that way. If you have cavalry enough from Pennsylvania, please say it positively and I will disband our companies and you will be relieved. Are you aware that you have eight German regiments from Philadelphia, two of cavalry?

A. G. CURTIN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 18, 1861.

Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg:

We shall endeavor to accommodate you. Do not disband. The cavalry department is now about filled.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

ALBANY, October 19, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

It is important the order creating the military department of New York be issued at once.

E. D. MORGAN,

Governor.

