
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Albany, October 19, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I annex copy* of an order given to James B. Swain, at the request of the War Department, upon which I suppose he is acting or will soon act, unless the authority is revoked or modified. It is proper that I should inform you that four regiments of cavalry soldiers are now mustered in this State, not more than one-half of which can be equipped in the next four weeks. In addition, cavalry companies are springing up and are being organized in many parts of the State under a belief that the Government need such and that they will be accepted into the service. I write that the Department may be fully advised of what is being done in respect to cavalry organizations, and in order also that it may give me such instructions as the service demands, having at the same time reference to a proper economy in respect thereto.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

E. D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 21, 1861.

Honorable CHARLES FRANCIS ADAMS,

U. S. Minister to England:

SIR: Colonel Charles Thomas, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, and George P. Smith, esq., special agent of the Quartermaster's Department, visit England under special instructions to purchase woolen fabrics for the wants of our Army. You will oblige the Department by giving them all the aid in your power toward the satisfactory accomplishment of their mission.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 21, 1861.

GEORGE L. SCHUYLER, Esq.,

Paris, France:

DEAR SIR: Your communication of the 4th instant has been received. The Department earnestly hopes to receive by the Arago the 12,000 Enfield rifles and the remainder of the 27,000 which you state you have purchased by the earliest steamer following. Could you appreciate the circumstances by which we are surrounded you would readily understand the urgent necessity there is for the immediate delivery of all the arms you are authorized to purchase. The Department expects to hear that you have been able to conclude the negotiations for the 48,000 rifles from the French Government arsenals.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

