
The want of clothing more than the want of money discourages enlistments. This department would gladly pay cash and provide clothing, but it has not been able to satisfy the demands for either one or the other, and as promptly as the service demands.

The financial question is in the hands of the capitalists, the merchants, and the Treasury Department.

Should the Board of Trade be right in its opinion, and the domestic manufactories be able to supply regulation cloth enough before cloth can be imported from Europe, it will be gladly purchased at any reasonable price and made up into clothing.

Could 150,000 suits of clothing,s be placed to- day in depot, it would scarce supply the calls now before me. They would certainly leave no surplus.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

[Inclosure.]

ROOMS OF THE BOARD OF TRADE,

Boston, October 18, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the pleasure to introduce to your acquaintance the bearer of this, George William Bond, esq., of this city, who by a vote of the committee of the Board of Trade is authorized to proceed to Washington and present the communication which the committee have the honor to address to you, and otherwise to represent the Board of Trade of this city.

I have the honor to be, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. G. NAZRO,

Chairman Committee.

[Sub-inclosure.]

BOSTON, October 18, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Having learned that Colonel Thomas was sent in the last steamer to Europe for the purpose of purchasing clothes, &amp;c., for the Army, and that Mr. Smith accompanied him to advise and assist in making contracts for these goods, and that the Government had sent letters of credit for a very large amount to be used in Europe for these purchases, and feeling assured that this step will have a most disastrous effect upon all interests and classes of the people of this country as well as upon the Government itself, the undersigned, a committee of the Board of Trade of the city of Boston, most respectfully, but most earnestly, request your attention to the facts they now lay before you, and that the orders to the agent of the Government for the purchase of clothing in Europe may be annulled.

In the first place, they would urge the rescinding of this measure on account of its effect upon the financial operations of the Government and the community. The arrangement entered into by the Honorable Secretary of the Treasury with the associated banks of New York, Philadelphia, and Boston, to the extent of $100,000,000 already, and prospectively for a much larger amount, has thus far been carried out faithfully by the Government and the banks to the great benefit of the

