
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 22, 1861.

Honorable A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania:

SIR: The Government is in much need of four or five companies of heavy artillery for Fortress Monroe. The bearer, Colonel Charles Angeroth, of Philadelphia, assures the Department that he can raise the men in thirty days from this date. If you think it can be done, we would like to have the men. The matter is referred to your discretion and immediate attention.

Respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 22, 1861.

Governor RANDALL,

Madison, Wis.:

Send the two regiments to Louisville direct. Arms are there. The others have not been sent.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

STATE OF MAINE, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Augusta, October 23, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

SIR: The importance to the country of extending and strengthening the coast defenses of Maine has persuaded me to request three of our most eminent citizens-the Vice-President, Honorable Ruel Williams, and John A. Poor, esq.-to visit Washington, for the purpose of communicating to the Administration the views entertained in this State in reference to the extent and character of the fortifications needed upon its coast, and of obtaining such instructions and suggestions as it may be pleased to give.

These views are embodied to some extent in a letter [following] which I have had the honor to address to the President, and will be more fully explained and elaborated by the very able commissioners by whom the letter will be presented, and who, by the magnitude of the interests they represent and their own high character, will, I trust, be commended to the most favorable consideration of the Federal authorities.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

ISRAEL WASHBURGN, Jr.

AUGUSTA, October 23, 1861.

The PRESIDENT:

The undersigned, Governor of Maine, acknowledges the receipt of the official note of the Secretary of State, under the date of the 14th instant, inviting the attention of the Executive of this State to the important matter of the public defense of its coast, in view of a possibility of an interputtion of the present friendly relations of the Government of the United States with those of foreign powers.

Fully sensible of the watchfulness and fidelity of the President and of those in charge of the various Departments of the Government in guarding against any possible danger, whether arising from domestic insurrection of foreign invasion, the authorities and people of Maine cannot

