
[First indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 4, 1861.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War, with the suggestion that it be laid before the Engineer and Ordnance Bureaus, respectively, for examination and report.

A. LINCOLN.

[Second indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 4, 1861.

Respectfully referred to Chief of Engineer Department, with request to make a copy and forward to Chief of Ordnance. Chief of each bureau will report promptly and fully.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 23, 1861.

Governor ANDREW,

Boston:

Send the four regiments intended for General Burnside's command to Annapolis direct. General Burnside will confer with you as to the means of transportation.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 23, 1861.

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Saint Paul, Minn.:

Yes. The Government will accept another battery of artillery if ready for the field by the time named-the 12th of November.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

TRENTON, N. J., October 23, 1861.

Honorable ABRAHAM LINCOLN:

DEAR SIR: We now have our Ninth Regiment of three-years' men nearly full, and would soon be ready to respond to another requisition of three regiments, which would give us twelve regiments of three-years' men in the field, not counting Colonel Halsted's cavalry, but we are about broke, having received but $72,000 from the General Government yet. No State has worked harder to fill her quota than New Jersey. If there is any possibility of giving us pecuniary aid I hope it may soon be done, accompanied by an order for the three additional regiments. We must raise and equip them before winter sets in if it is to be done with regard to economy.

I have alluded to the lack of payment to New Jersey as compared with other States, because it needs attention, and is injuring the cause just now. I know I should not allude to it in writing to you, but then I know a word from you will set the matter in motion.

I am glad to learn that Judge Davis has been sent to the Saint Louis department. I think he is the right man in the right place. His good-natured face will do much to right difficulties in that quarter.

Truly, yours,

CHAS. SCRANTON,

Aide to Governor Olden.

