
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 23, 1861.

His Excellency WILLIAM SPRAGUE,

Providence, R. I.:

GOVERNOR: The State of Rhode Island is hereby authorized to organize one regiment of infantry for its own defense and a depot for recruiting her regiments into the service of the United States. The force thus raised will be mustered into the service of the United States for three years' service, unless sooner disbanded by the Government; will be armed and equipped the same as the Army of the United States, and will be under the command of the Governor of the State and of such officers as he may appoint and commission, in accordance with the laws authorizing the enrollment and equipment of volunteers. In case of necessity this force is to be used by the United States, under the orders of the officers above appointed; but when, in the opinion of the Secretary of War, that necessity no longer exists, it shall again resume its position as a permanent force of Rhode Island for the purposes above mentioned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 23, 1861.

Honorable ALEXANDER RAMSEY,

Governor of Minnesota:

SIR: Please consider yourself authorized to raise an additional regiment of infantry, being the fifth from your State.

Respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 24, 1861.

Honorable SALMON P. CHASE,

Secretary of the Treasury:

DEAR SIR: I inclose herewith the correspondence received from Mr. Seward; also the correspondence and instructions to Mr. Schuyler and Mr. Ward.*

It being understood that no payments would be made by Mr. Schuyler until property was delivered to him, his payments to October 15 would embrace $776,890. Contracts for property to be delivered in November and December amount tohink Mr. Ward must be mistaken in the amount drawn by Mr. Schuyler, as his total credit was but $2,000,000.

Very respectfully,

SION CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

[Inclosure.]

Brief of facts.

1. Mr. Schuyler was originally authorized to purchase arms abroad to the amount of $2,000,000.

---------------

*Omitted in view of the "Brief of facts" transmitted.

---------------

38 R R-SERIES III, VOL I

