
authorizes me to say that he desires to have a second regiment raised as speedily as possible. You will therefore please facilitate the organization of the said regiment as much as is in your power, and oblige,

Yours, respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 25, 1861.

Major P. V. HAGNER,

New York:

DEAR SIR: On Wednesday I wrote you to purchase 13,000 stand of muskets now in New York, to be delivered within forty-eighth hours, and to be distributed as follows: 5,000 to Governor Morton, 5,000 to Governor Dennison, and the balance to Governor Yates. I have learned since that 3,000 of the arms cannot be had; the balance will be delivered. Robert Dale Owen, esq., as agent of the Governor of Indiana, will present this. Turn over to him 5,000 arms, with ammunition and accouterments to suit.

Prompt action on your part will greatly oblige, very respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

STATE OF NEW YORK, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Albany, October 25, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Colonel Samuel Graham, of the New York State Militia, residing in Brooklyn, some time since was authorized by the War Department to raise a regiment of cavalry, which has not been done. He now wishes to raise instead thereof a regiment of lancers, consisting of two battalions, and to have three months' time given therefor. I suppose it barely possible that suitable weapons can be manufactured in that time for such service, sadly deficient as we are for many of the cavalry regiments now being raised and which in all new applications I discourage. I submit the question of authorizing such arm of service to the War Department, asking for a reply at the earliest convenient moment.

I am, with high regard, your obedient servant,

E. D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 25, 1861.

Governor RANDALL,

Madison, Wis.:

Send the Eleventh Regiment to General Fremont.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 91. Washington, October 26, 1861.

I. U. S. mustering and disbursing officers will supply subsistence both prior to and subsequent to muster, for all volunteer organizations

