
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 26, 1861.

GEORGE L. SCHUYLER, Esq.,

United States Government Agent, Paris:

DEAR SIR: Inclosed you will find a proposition from Philo D. Mickles and Charles Hopkins, of New York, to furnish 60,000 muskets ready for use, deliverable within four months from the 23rd of October to the Government at the city of New York, properly packed, with the all the usual appendages furnished with guns for army purposes, price $7.65 each. Please have the guns examined, and if adapted to our purposes make the purchase. Mr. Hopkins will call upon you with a letter of introduction, and will confer fully in relation to the whole subject. Payments to be made in New York.

By direction of the Secretary of War:

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

NEW YORK, October 26, 1861.

Honorable T. A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Obtained 10,000, as per letter by Owen, from collector; delivered them for alteration. Will require one week, about. Owen requested me to delay the Indiana portion. Will send others when ready.

P. V. HAGNER.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 26, 1861.

His Excellency ISRAEL WASHBURN, Jr.,

Governor, &amp;c., Augusta, Me.:

SIR: Please report immediately by telegraph statement of number of three-months' regiments furnished by your State, number furnished for the war, and number you will have ready by December 1; also the aggregate strength of three-month's forces and aggregate number of men furnished for war.

Respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

(Copy of above dispatch to the Governors of New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Virginia, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Michigan, Iowa, Wisconsin, and Minnesota.)

NORWICH, October 26, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Connecticut has furnished three regiments (2,500 men) for three months; has sent two companies of cavalry, five regiments of infantry, and will send two more next week-say 7,000 men for the war. Intends to send one battalion of cavalry, one battery of artillery, and five more regiments of infantry before 1st of December, making 12,400 men for the war.

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor of Connecticut.

