
at Springfield, Mass., and the arsenals at Watertown, Mass., and Watervilet, N. Y., to be deposited in the arsenals in North and South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, and Louisiana (other than to meet the regular requisitions of the Army, the requisitions of the States for their yearly quotas, and such as have been sold), except the pieces of heavy ordnance ordered on the 22nd ultimo from the Allegheny Arsenal, near Pittsburg, Pa., viz, twenty-one 10-inch and twenty-one 8-inch columbiads and four 32- pounder guns, ordered to Ship Island, Miss., for a fort in course of construction there, and twenty-three 10-inch and forty-eight 8-inch columbiads and seven 32-pounder guns, to Galveston Harbor, Tex., for a fort to be erected at that place, but the removal of which columbiads and guns was stopped by your order.

The removal of the muskets and rifles on the intended removal of the columbiads and guns,as well as the sale of the arms, was in obedience to orders from the Honorable John B. Floyd, late Secretary of War.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. K. CRAIG,

Colonel of Ordnance.

B.

ORDNANCE OFFICE, Washington, D. C., January 18, 1861.

Honorable JOSEPH HOLT,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In compliance with the resolution of the House of Representatives of the 9th instant, communicated in the letter of the Honorable W. A. Howard, I have the honor to transmit herewith copies of the correspondence with this office,* so far as it relates to the demand for and the surrender of arsenals and the military stores therein deposited, viz:

1. Charleston Arsenal.

I. Letter form Military Store-keeper Humphreys, dated December 31, 1860, indorsing order of Governor Pickens to Colonel Cunningham; letter of Colonel Cunningham to Humphreys and reply of Humphreys to Colonel Cunningham.

II. F. C. Humphreys to Ordnance Office, January 2, 1861.

III. Ordnance Office to F. C. Humphreys, January 2, 1861.

IV. F. C. Humpreys to Ordnance Officer, January 3, 1861.

V. Ordnance Office to F. C. Humphreys, January 8, 1861.

2. Mount Vernon Arsenal.

I. Captain J. L. Reno, January 4, 1861, reporting seizure of Mount Vernon Arsenal by troops acting under orders from the Governor of Alabama.

3. Apalachicola Arsenal.

I. Ordnance-Sergeant E. Powell, Quincy, Fla., January 5, 1861, reporting seizure of Apalachicola Arsenal by troops acting under orders of Governor of Florida.

II. Ordnance-Sergeant E. Powell, Chattahoochee, Fla., January 6, 1861, transmitting copy of order from the Governor of Florida directing Colonel Dunn to seize Apalachicola Arsenal.

---------------

*This correspondence will be found in Series I, Vol. I, in connection with the events to which it specially relates.

---------------

