
done since it became a part of the United States. For some time after General Kearny took possession of this Territory there were fears entertained of a rebellious spirit among the people, and it was thought not prudent to organize and arm the militia. Since then the Federal troops in this Territory have ben thought sufficient for our defense. However erroneous this impression may have been, it has been acted upontriment of our people, who until about a year past have not taken any active part in their defense against the Indians, with the exception of an occasional call for volunteers for a campaign against them of two or three months' duration. It is my purpose now to have the militia actively engaged against any and all hostile tribes at least four months in the year, from November to February, until we have with them a permanent peace, for all hope of progress in this Territory is illusory so long as these Indians are permitted to rob and despoil us of everything in the line of quadrupeds.

The colonel commanding will leave in a short time for the south, to drive the Texans from the Mesilla and Arizona. That he will do so I have no doubt. He has ample means, and the troops, both regular and volunteer, are animated with an earnest desire to wipe out the disgrace resting upon our arms by the ignominious surrender of Major Lynde.

The Navajo Indians are still very troublesome. Although in a state of armistice, granted to them to test their professions of a desire for peace, and the truth of their promises to abstain from further depredations upon our property, I am sorry to say that such depredations are of daily occurrence. Even those who profess to be of the peace party, and are in daily intercourse with the troops about Fort Lyon and among our citizens, receiving presents of corn and flour, upon their departure from the settlements have driven off large flock of sheep, mules, and horses. Extermination by the sword or by starvation is our only remedy for the evils which they have caused and wcause our people so long as there is one in existence. Something might perhaps be done by the Government in the way of their colonization, placing each tribe upon a reservation, with farming implements for their use, and a steady, practical farmer to instruct and assist them, together with a blacksmith and a carpenter. Agency buildings in their midst, and these surrounded by the lands and property fluential chiefs, together with a respectable military force in the neighborhood, but off of their reservation, are means which seem to present the most probable advantage to the Indians, and a hope of their earlier pursuit of the habits of civilized life. These, with the entire prohibition of all intercourse with the citizens, except their authorized agents, might lead to some amelioration of their condition, and in time produce a change in their disposition to lead a predatory life.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY CONNELLY,

Governor of New Mexico.

INDIANAPOLIS, October 27, 1861.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Indiana had in the three-months' service six regiments infantry, of 866 men each, 5,196. Now in the service for one year, two regiments of infantry, one of 1,048 men and one of 890, 1,938. Now in service for

