
COLUMBUS, OHIO, October [27], 1861.

(Received 28th.)

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Your telegram of 26th received. Ohio has furnished as follows: For three-months' service, twenty-two regiments of infantry, two companies of cavalry, one full battery, and one section of artillery; in all, 22,240 men. Fort the three-years' service, to wit: Of infantry regiments, thirty-eight in field, four of which not full; five additional, full, under marching orders; thirty- four additional, ready. Previous to December 1 six additional authorized and organizing, but not certain. In all, eighty-three regiments infantry. For three-years' service, of cavalry, two independent companies in the field; five regiments ready, waiting for arms, except three companies in the field; two additional regiments and one squadron will be ready by December 1. Of artillery, five independent batteries in the field, one regiment, of which five batteries are in the field and seven are rapidly organizing; five additional batteries organizing, ready soon, and nine additional batteries to be organized as soon as practicable, for which guns are being made. In all, thirty-one batteries for three-years' service. Number of men enlisted for three-years' service now in field and camp, 60,205, to which will be added 21,000 by December 1. The foregoing does not include several companies employed by State to guard railroads and Government stores.

WM. DENNISON,

Governor of Ohio.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 27, 1861.

Governor A. G. CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

Friedman's matter has been on the carpet so frequently, and the Department is so committed in connection with it, that I think you should allow him to organize.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 27, 1861.

Major HAGNER, U. S. Army,

New York:

Governor Blair, of Michigan, wants 3,000 arms. If the 2,500 arms in Moller's control, at $10, can be had, and meet your approval as suitable for service, buy them and send 500 rifles for flanking companies. They are wanted immediately. Do the best you can. Answer.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

NEW YORK, October 28, 1861.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War:

I have bought Moller's 2,500. Will send when altered-probably to- morrow; also 500 rifles.

P. V. HAGNER.

