
WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 28, 1861.

Colonel BERDAN, New York:

I think we have a sufficient number of sharpshooters enlisted to meet the wants of the Army. Close the camp near New York, and such recruits as are in camp should be brought here and go into service at once.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

BOSTON, October 28, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON:

Massachusetts furnished five regiments three-months' troops (infantry), one battalion rifles, one battery of light artillery; total number mustered in, 3,719 men. Of three-years' troops Massachusetts has sent seventeen regiments infantry (all but two up to maximum strength), eight companies infantry at Fortress Monroe, three companies in New York Fortieth, three full batteries of light artillery, four regiments of infantry now complete and ready to march, another with over 700 men, and two more nearly half recruited; also a regiment of cavalry full, and waiting for ordnance equipments from Washington. Will send a fuller statement by mail. Whatever additional troops are required from Massachusetts will be raised as soon as you signify your wishes.

JNO. A. ANDREW.

SAINT PAUL, October 28, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON:

One three-months' regiment, 900 men, mustered April 29, by your order changed May 29 into present First Minnesota Regiment for war, increased to 1,023 men; recruits since furnished to that regiment, 70 men. Second Regiment for war mustered about June 21, 1,020 men; one company of sharpshooters, 92 men; one company of cavalry, 95 men. All the above now in service. Also Third Regiment, not yet organized, 900 men; can leave in eight days. Also Fourth Regiment, 880 men, not yet organized, four companies of which garrison frontier post. Also battery of artillery now being raised, 80 men; can fill to 150. Also can fill immediately two more companies of cavalry, and we think by 1st of December a fifth regiment, if accepted. Answer as to acceptance of cavalry and fifth regiment. Aggregate of three-months' men, 900. Aggregate four [three] years or war, 4,160 men, now mustered in.

DONNELLY,

Acting Governor.

SAINT PAUL, October 28, 1861.

Honorable THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Yours of 26th received. State of our cavalry thus: First, German cavalry accepted; second, Captain Smith's company accepted through Governor Ramsey. Some days since I telegraphed you as to third company. It is nearly full. Will be very embarrassing to disband it. Men will not go as infantry. Would be glad if it could be accepted. Can you reverse your decision? Answer.

DONNELLY,

Acting Governor of Minnesota.

