
WAR DEPARTMENT,

October 29, 1861.

His Excellency ALEXANDER RAMSEY,

Governor of Minnesota, Saint Paul, Minn.:

SIR: You are hereby authorized to raise and organize a battery of artillery for the service of the Government, to serve for three years or during the war, provided you deem it advisable. This Department reserves the right to revoke the commissions of all officers who may be found incompetent for the proper discharge of their duties.

Very respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Trenton, N. J., October 29, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Your telegraph of the 26th instant did not reach me to admit of an answer before to-day.

Number of three-months' regiments, four; number furnished for the war, eight; number will have ready by December, one. Aggregate strength of three-months' forces, 3,124; aggregate strength of men furnished for the war, about 8,138; Hexamer's battery (artillery company), 153; Beam's battery (artillery company), 151. The Ninth Regiment of men enlisted for the war is now encamped at Trenton; is a rifle regiment; has about 900 men in its ranks; could be completed in a few days. It is not armed and the State is not able to furnish them. Requisition for arms has been made some two weeks since, but they have not been received.

Three of the regiments of men enlisted for the war- Nos. 1, 2, and 3- were clothed and furnished with camp equipage, tents, &amp;c., in fact everything except arms, by the State. Five of the regiments were furnished with everything, including arms, baggage train, and ambulances, by the State. Hexamer's battery was clothed by the State, and provided with camp equipage and a battery of six brass 6-pounders, mounted by the State. Beam's battery was clothed, equipped, furnished with camp equipage, baggage train, and ambulances by the State. The four regiments were provided by the State with everything but arms. These were the three-months' men. The State is prepared to furnish the Ninth Regiment, now at Trenton, with everything necessary except the arms.

To complete what has been done the State has advanced over $700,000, and has received from the U. S. Treasury $74,000. If the Government wish New Jersey to raise more troops, we must be reimbursed a portion of what is due us, as we have exhausted our funds.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHS. S. OLDEN.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Albany, October 29, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Some four weeks since I asked for authority to accept of the services of volunteers as offered up to 100,000, which was promptly

