
4. Baton Rouge Arsenal.

I. Lieutenant J. W. Todd, Baton Rouge, La., January 10, 1861, telegram reporting surrender of Boton Rouge Arsenal to Governor of Louisiana.

5. Fort Marion and Ordnance Depot, Saint Augustine, Fla.

I. Ordnance-Sergeant Henry Douglas, Saint Augustine, Fla., January 7, 1861, reporting seizure of Fort Marion (magazine and ordnance stores deposited therein) by troops acting under orders of the Governor of Florida.

Which correspondence is all to be found on the files and records of this office having any relation to the subjects embraced in said resolution, which is herewith returned.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

H. K. CRAIG,

Colonel of Ordnance.

WAR DEPARTMENT, January 30, 1861.

His Excellency SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD,

Governor of Iowa, Iowa City:

SIR: I have the acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 24th instant, communicating the tender of their services by the Governor's Greys of Dubuque. In reply I beg leave to request that you will convey to the company the thanks of this Department for their patriotic offer, which the Government has, however, no present occasion to accept.

Very respectfully,your obedient servant,

J. HOLT,

Secretary of War.

HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, Washington City, February 4, 1861.

Honorable JOSEPH HOLT,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Your letter of the 22nd ultimo, with the accompanying papers, in relation to the forts and garrisons of the country, does not show that any of them have been taken possession of by the State authorities or any other hostile force.

As I desire to prepare the report of the committee under the resolution of the House of the 31st December, you will oblige me by furnishing at your earliest convenience a statement of the forts that have been taken possession of by the State authorities of any of the States.

Very respectfully, yours,

B. STANTON.

WAR DEPARTMENT, February 7, 1861.

Honorable B. STANTON,

Chairman Committee on Military Affairs:

SIR: In answer to the inquiries contained in your letter of the 4th instant I have the honor to state that it appears from dispatches received by the Department that the following works have been taken

