
Union and the preservation of the principles promulgated by President Lincoln, and we are sure of success if allowed an opportunity. In the name of God answer immediately.

Yours, fraternally,

G. P. MILLER, M. D.,

Box 725, Battle Creek, Mich.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Albany, N. Y., October 30, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I had the honor to report to you on the 29th instant, by direction of His Excellency Governor Morgan, the departure for Washington of the First Regiment New York Volunteer Artillery, Colonel G. D. Bailey, commanding. Marching orders have since been issued to the following regiments, which will leave for Washington on or about the dates mentioned below:

First [Fifth] Regiment New York Volunteer Cavalry, Colonel De Forest, November 1; Second Regiment New York Volunteer Artillery, Colonel Palmer, November 2; Fifty-sixth Regiment New York Volunteers, Colonel Van Wyck, November 4; Sixty-first Regiment New York Volunteers, Colonel Cone, November 5; Fifty-eighth Regiment New York Volunteers, Colonel Krzyzanowski, November 6; Fifty-ninth Regiment New York Volunteers, Colonel Tidball, November 7; Fifty-seventh new York Volunteers, Colonel Zook, November 8; Sixty-sixth Regiment New York Volunteers, Colonel Pinckney.

The above are in addition to the four regiments previously ordered to report to Brigadier-General Burnside. Having been formed in most cases by consolidating incomplete regiments, it has been found impracticable to have them of the maximum strength, but it is designed that they shall not be less than the minimum strength, as provided in General Orders, Numbers 78, from this department. It is hoped that the regiments of which a list is given above will have reported at Washington on or before the 15th proximo. They have been recruited mostly in the city and vicinity of New York. From the 15th proximo to the 1st of December we shall be enabled to draw from the regimental camps in the interior of the State from ten to fifteen regiments.

I beg to call your attention to the subject of arming this large force. Beyond about 10,000 of the Enfield muskets and rifles, a part of which will have to be retained for the use of recruits for regiments from this State already armed with this weapon, the State has no supply. If Government would at once place, subject to the order of His Excellency Governor Morgan, as they may be required, a quantity of the Springfield muskets sufficient to arm, say, ten regiments, it would relieve the authorities from much embarrassment.

I have the honor to be, with much respect, your obedient servant,

THO. HILLHOUSE,

Adjutant-General.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, October 30, 1861.

THOMAS A. SCOTT:

I learn to-night New York Ellsworth regiment has been armed by Government with 1861 Springfield rifles, the State of New York having at same time 13,000 Enfield rifles in her arsenal. Ohio has not received

