
a Springfield since the war began, and, as the War Department has been repeatedly advised, Ohio has regiments ready for the field waiting for arms. Has not Ohio reason to complain?

WM. DENNISON,

Governor.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, October 30, 1861.

Governor DENNISON,

Columbus, Ohio:

Your information in regard to the arms of Ellsworth's regiment exceeds anything known here. We are doing all we can to get you exactly what you want.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 93. Washington, October 31, 1861.

I. The bounty of $100 granted to the widow or heirs of a deceased volunteer by the sixth section of the act "to authorize the employment of volunteers," approved July 22, 1861, which the Second Auditor has been directed to place to the credit of the said decedent on the final settlement of his account, will be charged to the $55,000,000 for the pay of two and three years' volunteers, appropriated by the act "making additional appropriations for the support of the army," approved July 17, 1861.

II. Such commanding officers of volunteer regiments, raised in conformity with the direct acceptances from the War Department, as have not already done so, will at once prepare and transmit to the Governors of their respective States complete muster-rolls of their several commands as at present organized.

* * * * *

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, October 31, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: For more than three years I have been unable from a hurt to mount a horse or to walk more than a few paces at a time, and that with much pain. Other and new infirmities-dropsy and vertigo-admonish me that repose of mind and body, with the appliances of surgery and medicine, are necessary to add a little more to a life already protracted much beyond the usual span of man. It is under such circumstances, made doubly painful by the unnatural and unjust rebellion now raging in the Southern States of our so late prosperous and happy Union, that I am compelled to request that my name be placed on the list of Army officers retired from active service. As this request is founded on an absolute right granted by a recent act of Congress, I am entirely at liberty to say it is with deep regret that I withdraw myself, in these momentous times, from the orders of a President who has treated me with distinguished kindness and courtesy, whom I know

