
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Augusta, Me., October 31, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: The Eleventh Maine Regiment Infantry is now nearly ready to march; will be quite ready within a week. Where shall it go? I can forward with it, if desired, eight wagons, with harnesses and twenty horses. I will thank you to inform me whether I shall do so; also where they will receive their arms.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

I. WASHBURN, JR.

NEW YORK, October 31, 1865.

Honorable S. CAMERON:

Six cavalry regiments have been accepted and organized by me in this State and are full and awaiting equipments from General Government. This does not include Swain or more than one regiment of Ira Harris Cavalry.

E. D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Columbus, Ohio, October 31, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: You will be glad to learn that my estimate of the Ohio forces sent you by telegraph on Sunday last fell short of the real number of troops in camp and field. Returns to the adjutant- general's office show that the number of men enlisted in Ohio is from 65,000 to 68,000, being in excess of the quota of this State about 10,000. I venture also to say that the number by the 1st of December will considerably exceed the estimate I sent you. Indeed, I shall not be surprised if we have then enlisted 90,000 men. You will please also add two companies of cavalry to those enumerated as in the field, which I overlooked in making up my statement.

Respectfully,

W. DENNISON.

[NOVEMBER 1, 1861.-For General Orders, Numbers 94, War Department, Adjutant-General's Office, announcing the retirement of General Scott from active command, and assignment of General McClellan as his successor, see Series I, Vol. V, p. 639.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Numbers 19. Washington, November 1, 1861.

In accordance with General Orders, Numbers 94, from the War Department, I hereby assume command of the Armies of the United States. In the midst of the difficulties which encompass and divide the nation, hesitation and self-distrust may well accompany the assumption of so vast a responsibility; but confiding as I do in the loyalty, discipline,

