
Better not let additional requisitions be made until some of them make further progress. We can respond. I will see Wright on Monday. Have just authorized five companies to Angeroth as you requested. When we are 100,000 New York should be 133,000, that is the proportion as per population.

A. G. CURTIN.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 2, 1861.

Honorable FREDERICK HOLBROOK,

Governor, &amp;c., Montpelier, Vt.:

SIR: Your communication of the 26th ultimo has been received. This Department fully appreciates the energy and patriotism with which the State of Vermont has entered into the present momentous struggle. The two additional regiments of infantry, to which you make reference,a re accepted by the Department. If the interests of the public service would permit them to be placed under the command of General J. W. Phelps, at Newport News, such permission would be granted; but as the arrangement of such matters lies exclusively with the General-in-Chief, it is not possible for the Department to make any special detail in the case.

Very respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, IOWA,

November 3, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I wrote you some days since in regard to raising more troops in this State. Our Fifteenth Infantry and all preceding it are substantially filled, as are out four cavalry regiments. A German regiment is organizing, to be the Sixteenth Infantry, and will be filled. As I wrote you Honorable S. A. Rice and General Van Antwerp desire to raise new regiments. Aside from these there are now raised some companies that cannot find places in the regiments now in rendezvous (the Fourteenth and Fifteenth). Under these circumstances I am led to ask the privilege of raising another regiment aside from all organizing and asked for, and to ask that Captain Alexander Chambers, U. S. Army, the mustering officer at this point (Davenport), be detached to command it. Captain Chambers has made a very good impression here, has, I think, done his duty well, and would be very acceptable as the colonel of one of our regiments. An early reply with oblige,

Yours, very respectfully,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

COLUMBUS, November 3, 1861.

SIMON CAMERON:

Our recruiting service in doing nobly. The official returns to 1st instant show 27,340 enlisted men in our camp, which with troops in field make our available force about 70,000 men.

WM. DENNISON,

Governor of Ohio.

