
the West; and in case the United States shall charge such commander of the department, he (the Governor) will revoke the State commission given to the person relieved, and give one to the person substituted to the U. S. command of said department.

A. LINCOLN.

NEW YORK, November 6, 1861.

General R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff of General McClellan:

SIR: With regard to the progress made in fitting out my expedition I have the honor to report that five regiments are now in Annapolis, one more will go on Friday, two early in the week, and a Rhode Island rifle battalion in a few days after. These troops are all well armed, equipped, and clothed. All, with the exception of the Fifty-first New York, have rifled arms. They (the Fifty-first) have the percussion of '42. A vessel with thirty days' rations for nine regiments has arrived at Annapolis, and all the necessary arrangements for fuel and forage have been made. I hope to have in Annapolis by the middle of the week coming transportation for some 6,000 men, and at that time the guns, floating batteries, and bridges will, without doubt, also be ready. In the preparation of the vessels here some delay has occurred from the inability of the various mechanics to fulfill their promises. This has misled me in my estimate as to the time they would be ready, but every possible effort is being made by organizing and directing the labor so as to push the work forward with all possible dispatch. When the vessels commence coming out of the hands of the mechanics they will all be finished very rapidly, but should greater haste be required, the means of transportation could be hastened by chartering. I regret exceedingly the delay which has arisen from the cause I have mentioned. It has been extremely annoying to me.

Yours, truly,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

RUTLAND, VT., November 6, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Our cavalry regiment is now fully equipped, I believe, with the exception of arms. This note is to suggest, and even to urge, that these be supplied as soon as practicable. It is desirable, on many accounts, that they should have their arms before leaving for Washington. It is of still more importance that the regiment should leave the State for the South-either Washington or Philadelphia-before our cold winter weather sets in. Men and horses would both suffer in camp here after that time. The regiment should leave, if possible, by the 20th or 25th of this month.

I have the honor to be, with very great respect, your obedient servant,

SOLOMON FOOT.

[NOVEMBER 7, 1861.- For General Orders, Numbers 96, War Department. Adjutant-General's Office, authorizing the Governor of Missouri to raise a force of State militia to serve during the war, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. III, p. 565.]

