
shall be engaged by him, and he is authorized to receive your directions as to the number and capacity of the ships required.

Very truly and respectfully, yours,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 9,

Dr. G. P. MILLER,

Box 725, Battle Creek, Mich.:

SIR: In reply to your favor of the 30th ultimo, you are respectfully informed that the orders to General Sherman and other officers of the U. S. service authorize the arming of colored persons only in cases of great emergency and not under regular enrollment for military purposes. The Department fully appreciates the patriotic spirit and intelligence which your letter displays, and has no doubt that upon reflection you will perceive that there are sufficient reasons for continuing the course thus far pursued in regard to the important question upon which your letter is based.

Very respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

AUGUSTA, November 9, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Eleventh Maine Regiment marches Wednesday. Shall it go to Washington?

I. WASHBURN, JR.,

Governor of Maine.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

November 9, 1861.

Governor WASHBURN,

Augusta, Me.:

Send the regiment to Washington.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, IOWA,

November 10, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Beside the Fifteenth Infantry now nearly full (all preceding ones being filled), there are now organizing in this State the following regiments: A German regiment, which I think will be filled up; an Irish regiment, the success of which is doubtful; a regiment of lancers (about which please see Senator Grimes). There are some companies now here (Davenport), overfilling the Fifteenth, and I ask leave to add to them enough to make another regiment. Our late attorney-general, Honorable S. A. Rice, desires to raise a regiment. He is an active, talented, energetic, and loyal man, and can raise the regiment. General V. Van Antwerp also desires to raise a regiment. He is active, talented, energetic, and brave, a graduate of West Point. I think he

