
ORDNANCE OFFICE, Washington, February 12, 1861.

Honorable J. HOLT,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In compliance with your verbal request of this morning I h ave the honor to state that I have examined and ascertained that there are at the Kennebec Arsenal 24,300 muskets that have been altered from flint-lock to percussion, all of the model of 1822; and we also have at other arsenals and armories more than 100,000 percussion muskets of the models of 1842, which are much superior to the altered arms. Preparations were made for rifling the latter, but the proceed was stopped by your immediate predecessor. It will be resumed, and until the superior class are completed it is not deemed good policy to commence rifling those of inferior quality, like those in store at the Kennebec Arsenal, of which, it is believed, not more than one-half will be found fit for rifling. I also think it will be most economical to send the muskets to be rifled to an arsenal where we have machinery and steam power, or to the Springfield Armory.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. K. CRAIG,

Colonel of Ordnance.

LEAVENWORTH CITY, KANS., February 20, 1861.

Honorable JOSEPH HOLT,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to tender to you, and the Government, the service of the volunteer militia company, consisting of sixty rank and file, infantry, which I at present command. We are willing to serve in any capacity and any way, and against any powers which the public need may require or the constituted authorities order.

Hoping that you will at least give us an equal chance, I remain, with sentiments of highest respect, your obedient servant,

DANIEL McCOOK,

Captain Leavenworth State Guard.

[MARCH 2, 1861.-For act of Congress making appropriations for the support of the Army for the year ending June 30, 1862, see Statutes at Large, Vol. 12, p. 200.]

STATE OF NORTH CAROLINA, EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Raleigh, April 2, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor, agreeably to instructions from His Excellency Governor Ellis, to address you with regard to the quota of arms due this State from the General Government.

Governor E., having been notified as usual that the quota of arms due North Carolina was subject to his draft, drew the entire quota in long-range rifles (pattern of 1859) with sword- bayonets. No notice having been taken of the latter, he made a second application, and was

