
[Inclosure Numbers 2.] 201 WEST FOURTEENTH STREET, New York City, November 11, 1861.

Honorable F. W. SEWARD,

Assistant Secretary of State, Washington, D. C.:

MY DEAR SIR: I have just received from the War Department the permission asked in my letter of the 31st ultimo for certain citizens of North Carolina, resident at this moment in this city, to go to Hatteras. Rev. Mr. Taylor and myself have conferred with every loyal North Carolinian we could find here, and they concur unanimously and heartily in the plan of immediately setting on foot the contemplated provisional State government. They see the value of such a movement to the cause of the Union everywhere, and particularly with reference to the eventual return of the Old North State to her Federal fealty. The proposed government will have from the start the adhesion of every good citizen and loyal man in the State, and its establishment will embolden and encourage and develop the loyal sentiment of all parts of the Commonwealth, so that it will promptly assist itself pari passu with the advance of our conquering arms. Five or six counties will be actually represented in the State convention, which is already called and will meet very soon, and Rev. Mr. Taylor and other gentlemen are requested and authorized to represent nearly thirty other counties as proxy. The Unionists of Western North Carolina have from the earliest suggestion of the plan most emphatically approved of it; and although they hoped the movement be begun there in conjunction with operations in Eastern Tennessee, they see the propriety and expediency since the Federal occupation of Hatteras of inaugurating the new government in that part of the State. It is needless to say that they are looking for it and expecting it soon, and that they will ratify its acts. This new government, or rather State administration-for we shall attempt no radical changes, but accept both the constitution and statute laws as they were in April last-will have authority at once in the hearts of a large majority of the freemen of North Carolina. It will be recognized whenever the pressure of rebel intimidation is withdrawn by at least 60,000 others all over the State. Our Governor will be a man of age and experience, incorruptible, and of true fidelity to the Union. The great mining, railroad, and other large property interests of the State are thoroughly committed to the plan.

Very respectfully and truly, yours,

CHARLES HENRY FOSTER.

BRUSSELS, November 12, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD, &amp;c.:

MY DEAR SIR: I write you in great haste to catch the mail, having just arrived from Paris. I have now in my hands complete control of the principal rebel contracts on the Continent, viz: 206,000 yards cloth ready for delivery, already commencing to move forward to Havre; gray, but can be dyed blue in twenty days; 100,000 yards, deliverable from 15th of December to 26th of January, light blue army cloth, same as ours; 100,000 blankets; 40,000 guns to be shipped in ten days; 20,000 saber bayonets to be delivered in six weeks. The gun business with my credits just received I shall probably close myself, stop the steamer which sails from Antwerp the 14th, and put them on board of her and send them over. As Mr. George P. Smith has come

