
in the same manner and to enjoy the same privileges and emoluments as those already in service.

In view of the increased strength of the companies and regiments, I would recommend that there be added to the medical staff of each nteers and assistant surgeon, making the medical force of each regiment one surgeon and two assistant surgeons; and that the professional services of the surgeon of brigade be made available when there is a deficiency of medical officers of regiments, or whenever other circumstances, in the opinion of the Surgeon-General or medical director, may require it. I would also recommend that the Medical Corps of the Regular Army be increased by the promotion of the ten senior assistant surgeon to surgeons, and the appointment of ten additional assistant surgeons.

Previous to the battle of Bull Run every soldier doing duty in the general hospitals was ordered into the field without warning, leaving the sick without attendance. To prevent a recurrence of such an event I recommend that the Surgeon-General be authorized to hire for each general hospital as many attendants as may be required, not exceeding one to every ten beds; that they have the pay and allowances of a private of cavalry; be mustered by the medical officer in charge of the hospital; be subject, while in service, to the Rules and Articles of War and to the orders of medical officers alone, and to be discharged for misconduct by the Surgeon-General. And that to the organization of each company there be added two enlisted men, who shall attend to the sick in the field under the orders of the regimental surgeon.

Before closing this report, I would respectfully and earnestly present to the attention and consideration of the Secretary of War the inequality of rank in proportion to the services and exposures that obtain in the Medical Corps of the Regular Army compared with other branches of the general staff.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. A. FINLEY,

Surgeon-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, November 13, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I inclose for your information an extract from a letter to me of the 30th ultimo from Benjamin F. Hall, a judge in Colorado Territory.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure.]

DENVER, COLO. TER., October 30, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD:

DEAR SIR: We make some progress. The train of the notorious A. B. Miller was captured in Kansas before it reached the Cherokee country, whither they were going. Captain Otis, at Fort Wise, has captured Captain McKee's party of sixty men with the horses and has turned them over to the marshal of this Territory, who has gone with a posse of cavalry to bring them in to me. Governor Gilpin has received a copy of the treaty of the Cherokees with the Confederates. We have apparently suppressed the rebellion here, but have well-grounded fears of an

