
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Dover, November 13, 1861.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War:

SIR: I am directed by His Excellency the Governor to acknowledge the receipt by him of a telegram from you to him, dated Washington, November 6 [7], 1861, requesting him to "make a return of the number of volunteers furnished by this State - cavalry, infantry, artillery, and sharpshooters."

The Governor desires me to say in reply to your dispatch that he is unable to comply with your request. The reason therefor is, that having no militia law in our State, and there being no record to show who has volunteered, the number of volunteers cannot be ascertained by him. I can assure you, sir, that had the Governor the information which you desire it would be furnished to you most cheerfully, and both he and I regret that the laws of our State prevent him from complying with your request.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWARD RIDGELY,

Secretary of State.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

November 13, 1861.

His Excellency S. J. KIRKWOOD,

Governor of Iowa, Davenport, Iowa:

SIR: Your communication of 6th [5th] instant asking for the acceptance of a company of artillery from your State has been received. This Department does not deem it advisable to authorize any increase in the artillery force until now organizing shall be fully armed and equipped.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

November 13, 1861.

His Excellency Governor ISRAEL WASHBURN, Jr.,

Augusta, Me.:

SIR: Your letter of the 23rd ultimo, relative to the coast defenses of Maine, has been referred to this Department by the Secretary of State, and the Engineer Department has been directed to send at once a competent officer to examine and report upon the subject.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 13, 1861.

Honorable JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts, Boston, Mass.:

SIR: The Honorable Daniel Sahms, of the State of Maine, proposes to organize a regiment of temperance men in the States of Massachusetts and Maine, to serve for three years of during the war, as infantry under

