
serve anywhere in our just and sacred cause without doubt or fear as to its successful issue.

With much respect, your obedient servant,

GEORGE L. SCHUYLER.

Perhaps you will read this to Mr. Cameron. I am almost sure of my position about these two contracts.

LEGATION OF THE UNITED STATES,

Brussels, November 14, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In pursuance of your instructions I have agreed to advance to Messrs. Herman Boker &amp; Co., on condition of forwarding 60,000 guns at from thirty to sixty days earlier date than were otherwise possible, at least $400,000 upon the U. S. inspector's certificates and the bills of lading. I inclose copies of the correspondence on the subject. You will observe that I have taken every precaution in my power to secure the Department against any loss or risk in the transaction.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

H. S. SANFORD.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] BONN, November 5, 1861.

His Excellency H. S. SANFORD,

U. S. Minister, Brussels:

SIR: Referring to the dispatches we presented to you, dated September 5, from the Honorable Secretary of War, in relation to our contract with the Government for arms, in which we are commended to your aid in expediting them, if necessary, we deem it our duty to state that, having to date complied with all the requirements of that contract, we can, be earlier payments to fabricants than our stipulations with them demand, expedite from thirty to sixty days the delivery of about 60,000 arms. We therefore have no hesitation in asking of Your Excellency an advance to us of, say, one-half of the contract price due to us upon such arms on presentation of bills of lading with the inspector's certificate attached.

In case we find it in our power to deliver the arms with a less advance we shall do so. We deem the time gained in the delivery to be of too great moment now to the Government to admit of any hesitation.

Yours, very respectfully,

HERMAN BOKER & CO.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] LEGATION OF THE UNITED STATES, Brussels, November 11, 1861.

Messrs. HERMAN BOKER & CO.:

GENTLEMEN: I have your letter of the 5th instant. In consideration of your advancing the delivery of 60,000 guns under your contract with the Government of the United States from thirty to sixty days earlier than could otherwise be done, I will agree to advance to you at least $400,000 upon bills of lading of guns under the contract, at the rate of one-half the amount due from the Government for the same, the said

41 R R-SERIES III, VOL I

