
bills of lading to be accompanied by the U. S. inspector's certificate that the guns are in every respect in accordance with the terms of the stipulations of the War Department, to be assigned over to me for the Government, the guns to be insured and all expenses to the Government for placing the money in Europe to be defrayed by yourselves in your settlement with the Department.

Respectfully, yours,

H. S. SANFORD.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Springfield, November 14, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: Before I left for Washington on my late visit there I promised Governor Hoffman in writing that if I organized another cavalry regiment it should be his. I then expected you would authorize me to raise more regiments. When I got to Washington you refused me the privilege of accepting any more cavalry whatever. Governor Hoffman, the present Lieutenant-Governor, a most noble German, not doubting that at least his regiment would be accepted, went on at much expense and trouble to raise men until he informs me he soon would be full. May I not hope that you will authorize me to accept his regiment? I am in this trouble about the matter: You authorized Colonel Bell, of Chicago, to raise a regiment subject to my organization, &amp;c. Governor Hoffman insists that he has my promise in writing to organize his if another regiment is organized before Colonel Bell's. I hope, therefore, that you will suffer both Colonel Bell and Governor Hoffman to have their regiments. Colonel Bell is a man, I am informed, of much energy, and it is believed would make a most efficient officer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. YATES.

[First indorsement.]

WAR DEPARTMENT,

November 23, 1861.

Respectfully referred to the Secretary of War. Shall both regiments of cavalry in Illinois be completed, or shall they be consolidated; or shall the authority for both be revoked? In Bell's case the consent of Governor Yates is necessary before authority is complete. In Lieutenant-Governor Hoffman's case the direction of the Secretary of War seems to be necessary. The gentlemen will call this afternoon for definite instructions. Please advise or direct as to what shall be done.

Very respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary.

[Second indorsement.]

NOVEMBER 26, 1861.

Answer to first question:

Make the consolidation and order the regiment to Kentucky.

SIMON CAMERON.

Answer to second question:

I think we can only get out of the dilemma by refusing both until Congress shall decide.

SIMON CAMERON.

