
her last dollar to quell domestic treason or drive back foreign invasion, and will leave to a more quiet season the discussion and decision of the various questions that may arise from steps that have been taken during the existing crisis. In case, therefore, the General Government should persist in the plan which you suggest, I beg that the President will, as you propose, forthwith send proper agents of that Government to Harrisburg to confer with me on the position and character of the necessary fortifications, so that no delay may occur in adopting proper measures for their construction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. CURTIN.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.] EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Albany, November 4, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

SIR: I had the honor to the 19th ultimo to acknowledge your favor of the 14th of that month in relation to the subject of the improvement and perfection of the defenses of this State. I stated in substance that I would take immediate steps to procure some needed information (which has since been obtained), and that I would at an early day again communicate with you.

I have deliberately considered the subject to which your communication relates and I do approve the suggestions made therein, and I shall be pleased to have the President designate some officer who will act as an agent of the Government and with whom I can immediately and directly confer preparatory to prosecuting a system of defense in this State.

I have the honor to be, with high regard, your obedient servant,

E. D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, November 15, 1861.

Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER,

Commanding Department New England:

GENERAL: It is desired by the major-general commanding the Army that you make an immediate and full report to this office of the strength and condition of your command. He desires to know particularly what troops you have that are already organized and equipped and what others in process of organization. Also what directions you have given with a view to the concentration of these troops and what further directions you contemplate giving.

In general terms, whatever facts that would tend to a more clear conception of the condition of things in the Department of New England you will please report.

I am, general, &amp;c.,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., November 15, 1861.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have this morning mustered into the service of the United States eight men who are of about three fourths Indian blood.

