
They are excellent men, citizens of the State of New York, and all speak English. This muster was made with the understanding that if not approved by the Department these names should be stricken from the rolls. Will you be kind enough to inform me immediately if my action meets your approbation?

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

RICHD. I. DODGE,

Captain, Eighth Infantry, Mustering Officer.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Albany, November 15, 1861.

Brigadier General JOSEPH G. TOTTEN,

Chief of Engineers, Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: In acknowledging the communication of the Honorable the Secretary of State, under date of the 14th ultimo, I expressed the desire to co-operate with the Government, or to carry into effect the measures proper to put in a condition of complete defense the ports and harbors of this State on the seas and lakes, requesting at the same time, in conformity with the suggestions of the Secretary of State, that the Government would select a proper agent to confer with me in relation to a system of defense. In reply to this letter Mr. seward informed me under date of the 11th instant that the correspondence on this subject had been referred by the Department of War to the military engineers. After receiving the first letter from the State Department I directed a preliminary examination to be made into the condition of the fortifications, amount of ammunition on hand, &amp;c., and also a partial examination of the lake defenses, but as the information in your possession is undoubtedly more complete than that obtained by me, I deem it unnecessary to transmit, at this time at least, the result of the inquiry, particularly as I am unadvised as to the course you have determined to pursue. No State is more deeply interested than New York in securing a thorough system of defenses, which it must be admitted are at this time in a very imperfect and unsatisfactory condition, and I beg to assure you of my readiness to co-operate with the Government, and especially with your department, in whatever is necessary. Awaiting your reply,

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

E. D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York.

HARRISBURG, November 15, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

I returned this morning and rear your dispatches. Under the order of the 25th of September, with a perfect knowledge of all the facts, I ordered Power's regiment to be filled and put three companies of Ziegle's regiment in excess and filled White's, both regiments to go forward on Tuesday last. This was and is the best arrangement, as it disposes of the companies, officers, and band, and gives the Government two regiments at once. I was no little surprised when I heard of your verbal order changing my written order, and have no doubt you did it on impressions made on you by parties in interest. I made arrangements to accommodate the companies in White's regiment which

