
from the Allegheny Arsenal, near Pittsburg. At present a store of 5,000 muskets and accouterments will be a sufficient one for the depot.

With much respect, your obedient,

H. K. CRAIG,

Colonel of Ordnance.

Approved:

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

CRAWFORDSVILLE, IND., April 6, 1861.

Honorable H. S. LANE:

DEAR SIR: If Indiana is expected to aid the Government in the prospective troubles, it is but right that she should have some preparation.

Preparation is impossible without arms, and as the Legislature made no provision for any at its late session, the procurement of arms is impossible without assistance from the Secretary of War. Might not Mr. Cameron be prevailed upon to advance in the way of a loan, or in some other way, subject to his order, 1,000 or 1,200 rifles, of which I suppose there are plenty in the arsenals. The distribution could be had securely under the regulation of Governor Morton.

I suggested the matter to General Morton a few days ago, and he expressed himself willing to co-operate with you in an effort of the kind. I also proposed to him a plan of operations.

If I could obtain 1,000 rifles from the Secretary of War, I would organize a regiment of picket men, in counties accessible by railroad, willing to serve for a term of five years, or during the war.

As soon as the company officers were elected I would call them to Indianapolis and go into school with them for two or three months, instructing them in tactics, outpost duty, field fortifications, &amp;c.; their expenses to be paid while there by themselves or by their respective companies. At the end of that time they would be somewhat fitted to go home and instruct their commands, who could then in a short time be put in condition to render efficient service when called out.

If you think it proper, be kind enough to bring the matter before Mr. Cameron. Without some such preparation as I propose our people, though ever so willing, cannot aid the Government as they ought. You have experience enough to know that some instruction is absolutely essential; at the same time it is out of question without generous assistance from the Secretary.

Very respectfully,

LEWIS WALLACE.

[Indorsement.]

Captain Wallace, the writer of the above letter, is one of our best military men, and entirely reliable in his devotion to the Union. Please answer the inquiries in this letter, and if possible let us have the arms, and I will guarantee their proper use.

I am, yours, most truly,

H. S. LANE.

[APRIL 9, 1861.-For Cameron to Weightman, calling for ten companies of military from the District of Columbia, see Series I, Vol. LI, Part I, p. 321.]

5 R R-SERIES III, VOL I

