
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 16, 1861.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF THE STATE OF MAINE:

SIR: Your communication to the President, in reply to the official note of the Secretary of State of the 14th of October, in reference to the improvement of the fortifications and erection of other defenses of the loyal States, having been submitted to this Department for examination and report, I had the honor to advise you, under date of the 13th instant, that this Department would appoint a competent engineer to examine and report on the defense required within the State of Maine as the first practical step toward the attainment of the important ends in view.

From the importance this matter seems likely to assume, and in response to the prompt and liberal action of the authorities of the State of Maine, I am directed by the President to assure Your Excellency of his readiness to avail himself of the means placed at his disposal by the loyal States for the purpose of having the ports and harbors on the seas and lakes put in a condition of complete defense. The extent and character of such expenditures can only be determined by the proper officers of the Government, to whom these matters must be confided. Calls will only be made for such sums of money from the State governments as may be required from time to time to perfect such works as may be thus authorized.

The obligations of the State to furnish all the means required to make each work of defense perfect will greatly facilitate the speedy completion of the several defensive works. The improvements or fortifications being made by the money of the State in the first instance, advanced to the General Government in the nature of a loan for the general defense of the country at large, there is every reason to believe that Congress will promptly sanction what the States may do in the premises, and prescribe proper evidence of indebtedness on the part of the Government for the money so expended and for th reasonable period.

The prompt acceptance of the suggestions of the President, contained in the official note of the Secretary of State, by the Governor of Maine, has given new proof of the loyalty and patriotism of its people, whose liberal contributions of patriotic men and of money have afforded much gratification to the President and to this Department.

The necessary plans, estimates, and specifications will be laid before Your Excellency in time for such legislative action as may be required on the part of your State, and on the receipt of official information that means will be provided by your State, on the terms above indicated, to carry out the objects as stated, the prosecution of the system of defense for your State will be vigorously carried forward by the proper agents or officers of the Government.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 16, 1861.

His Excellency Governor JOHN A. ANDREW,

Boston, Mass.:

SIR: You are respectfully requested to raise a battalion of four companies of volunteers to garrison Fort Warren and to be otherwise

