
applied for harbor defense. The men will be enlisted for three years, or the war, and the battalion will be under the command of an officer with the rank of major.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, November 16, 1861.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

SIR: I have been requested to state, for the information of the Department, the facts relative to the reserve corps and home guards in the State of Missouri. I was assistant adjutant-general upon the staff of General Lyon at the time of the formation of these corps, and am acquainted with the whole subject. General Lyon authorized parties residing in different parts of the State to organize as home guards for their own protection and the preservation of peace in their respective neighborhoods. These were armed by the United States upon proof of their organization being furnished. They were also supplied with ammunition, but were not to receive rations, clothing, or pay. General Lyon also authorized Colonel J. W. Owens, Major William C. Inks, Captain Nagel, and Captain Cook to raise commands corresponding with their titles for three-months' term for the purpose of guarding the railroad lines, with the assurance that services which they might render the Government would constitute a valid claim for pay, and that he would use his influence and authority to have this claim recognized. Major Josiah Hunt was authorized to raise a battalion upon the same footing as had been the basis of the Saint Louis U. S. Reserve Corps, viz, that actual service was to be paid for. Each of the officers above named raised their respective commands. They were armed, equipped, and furnished with camp and garrison equipage as fast as possible. Clothing was not to be had for troops in the field, and of course the home guard got none. They were all ordered upon duty. Colonel Owens' regiment guarded the Pacific Railroad on the Southwest Branch and on a portion of the main line. Major Inks' battalion guarded the line from Franklin to Saint Louis; Captain Nagel's company (from Carondelet) guarded the Iron Mountain Railroad from Saint Louis to and including the Meramec Bridge; Captain Cook's company (from de Soto) guarded another important portion of the same line. Major Hunt was at Hannibal, protecting the railroad property there and for some distance west. I omitted to mention Colonel (then major) E. Peabody's Reserve Corps at Saint Joseph. It was organized upon similar authority to that given to Major Hunt. From the time of the enrollment of Colonel Owens', Major Inks', Captains Nagel's and Cook's commands to the expiration of their three months, and longer, these troops were on constant active duty, and duty of the most disagreeable nature. To give an instance: Captain Maupin, of Owens' regiment, with a fine company of about ninety men, was ordered to guard the second crossing of the Meramec River, on the Southwest Branch. When he was relieved he had but twenty men fit for duty. The rest were disabled by fever and ague and other diseases incident to that service. That Colonel Peabody's and Major Hunt's commands performed arduous duty also I know, but ere placed under the immediate control of the commanding officer on the line of the Hamilton and Saint Joseph Railroad, and did not report to General Lyon. The U. S. Reserve

