
In Vermont, when I first called upon the Executive, Governor Fairbanks' term of office was just expiring, and his successor had not taken his seat because of illness. The authority to raise regiments by the Executive of the State had expired by limitation, and the appropriation for payment of State bounty was exhausted. This bounty in Vermont is a very substantial one, being $ 7 per month during the term of service. Without it being once paid, it would seem to be impossible to recrssion I was invited to address a convention of both houses upon topics connected with recruiting. I was received by the Executive and the General Assembly with the utmost cordiality, and a bill being introduced to extend the State bounty to a regiment to be raised under the authority conferred upon me it passed the house unanimously, and has since become a law.

The necessary delays of legislation have been considerable, but now with the active and zealous concurrence of the Executive and the energetic action of the colonel commissioned for this regiment, Stephen Thomas, esq., the regiment is being recruited, and I am led to believe will be recruited in twenty days. Governor Holbrook desired that I might endeavor to raise two batteries in the State This matter I propose to submit for the advisement of the Commander-in-Chief. Matters could not be more successful in Vermont.

I did not call upon the State of Rhode Island for any troops, because I was informed that General Burnside was raising some troops in that State for immediate service.

His Excellency John A. Andrew, Governor and commander-in-chief of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, received the major-general commanding this department with the utmost personal cordiality, and, upon being asked to furnish to me two regiments and a battery of light artillery for the purpose of an expedition upon the Eastern Shore of Virginia, according to the authority of the War Department, of date of September --, said that he would assign to me the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-eighth Regiments, the organization of which had been then just matured, and the Salem Artillery. To this I assented. Of the Twenty-sixth Regiment not 300 had been recruited. The only recruits of the Twenty-eighth Regiment then brought to the information of this department was an under sheriff in New York, who was selected for its colonel, but who has since resigned that position in seeming disgust. Of the Salem Artillery scarcely 30 men could be brought into camp.

Governor Andrew then informed me that I must wait a fortnight, until he got off certain other regiments, before I began recruitment. To this I consented so far as a regiment was concerned. I opened a camp of instruction at Lowell, called Camp Chase, and took the Twenty-sixth Regiment into it, where it has now been recruited and organized, until it is now one of the very best regiments that ever left Massachusetts. It will embark to- morrow, in a full maximum strength, on board the Constitution.

The Salem Light Artillery has been recruited at the same camp, and will embark substantially full at the same time. In recruiting this regiment I am informed and believe that not ten men have in any way been furnished from the State recruiting officers, and that no aid to the recruitment has in any was been given by the State; but, on the contrary, every impediment has been thrown in the way.

Finding that as soon as the Twenty-eighth (Irish) Regiment had been assigned to me, Governor Andrew organized another Irish (Twenty-ninth) regiment in exact rivalry, so that neither could succeed; and finding that he had selected officers, some of whom in my judgment

