
berland or Romney, to join General Kelley's command? We need Guss and Howell at Washington. Please answer.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

HARRISBURG, PA., November 18, 1861.

Honorable T. A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War:

We will send regiments as you direct. Have no regiment to send to Cumberland. Have not arms, I fear. I filled the vacancy in Averell's regiment last week. If not, will commission Pollard, although he is said not to be a Pennsylvanian. How is that?

A. G. CURTIN.

WASHINGTON, November 19, 1861.

Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER, Boston:

Delay the embarkation of your expeditionary force and repair immediately to this city.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

DAVENPORT, IOWA, November 19, 1861.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War:

I approve the proposition of Judge Rankin to raise a regiment as soon as two regiments now organizing are out of the way, which will be soon. I will expect the U. S. disbursing officer at the p lace of rendezvous to meet necessary expenses. Will fix place of rendezvous as soon as I see Judge Rankin.

SAML. J. KIRKWOOD.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., November 19, 1861.

Colonel J. S. JACKSON,

First Kentucky Cavalry, Camp Miller, Owensborough, Ky.:

DEAR COLONEL: I congratulate you upon having so soon got your regiment up to effective numbers.

Of course, you have had labor and disappointments, but you have done a great work in putting 900 men on horseback into the field to defend their liberties and the integrity of their Government.

In truth, in Kentucky you fight directly for your firesides. Men further north fight to aid you in this and then protect the Government.

I hope to hear, and I do not doubt I shall hear, good accounts of the blacks, which you have honored me by naming after me. I wish them success and renown. In a holier and loftier cause no man ever drew a sword.

We believe that we have near 600,000 men now enrolled or in camp preparing. The first, with us, is to be the money question.

Such an army has scarce ever been put in the field by an equal population, never in the same time.

We suffer from want of military experience and knowledge and must pay heavy prices for it. It is growing, however. The British peo

