
ple, I fear, are against us. The South is spending money in England in purchase of blankets, cloths, arms, and supplies, and it is almost impossible to prevent a fast propeller running a blockade.

I have at home a sash captured at Port Royal by my brother-in- law, Captain John Rodgers, who first raised the U. S. flag on the rebel soil of South Carolina. It is perfectly new and I will have it sent to you, with the hope that the captain of Troops A will accept and wear it.

I am delighted to hear from you so good an account of the spirit in Kentucky. If she puts 30,000 men of her own into the field the State will be safe from invasion, and we will shortly carry the sufferings of war into the States south of her, which have proved untrue to the Government of their fathers and to all the obligations which bind men to the country of their birth.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

Lately, in Boston, I had the opportunity of seeing and consulting with leading merchants and capitalists. All spoke cheerfully, ready to do all in their power, and yet I did not hear a single unkind expression, a single malignant word, toward those who have been misled and who have so injured us all.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

November 19, 1861.

Honorable E. D. MORGAN,

Governor, &amp; c., Albany, N. Y.:

DEAR SIR: We are informed by Colonel David Webb that he has now at Camp Scott, near New York City, a sufficient number of men to form a full regiment of infantry. The men were enlisted by him to serve as the Third Regiment of Ira Harris Cavalry, authority for the equipment of which cannot now be granted. We will accept the men, however, as a regiment of infantry, if organized by you in the same manner that all other regiments have been organized.

Very respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

November 19, 1861.

Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg:

Can you give me the exact time that each regiment will leave Harrisburg? I would like to have them all at Fort Monroe by Thursday. Please answer.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary.

HARRISBURG, November 19, 1861.

Honorable T. A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Power's Seventy-sixth left yesterday evening. White's Fifty-fifth leaves this afternoon. Howell's Eighty-fifth leaves Uniontown to- day. McCarter's Ninety-third leaves to-morrow. We cannot get transportation for Coulter's Eleventh until Wednesday night or Thursday morning. I am particularly anxious for Coulter to go South. I find I did

