
WAR DEPARTMENT, April 12, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN W. ELLIS,

Governor of North Carolina, Raleigh:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of a letter address to this Department on the 2nd instant by Graham Daves, esq., your private secretary, inquiring the cause of the delay in the issue of the arms called for by you on account of North Carolina's quota for the current year.

The rifles were ordered to be sent to you on the 4th of February last from the Harper's Ferry Armory, but their issue has probably been retarded by numerous prior engagements, the rule, unless in special cases, being to execute the orders for issues according to priority of receipt at the armory. The superintendent of the armory has been requested to make the issue to your State at t eh earliest moment possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: The General Assembly of this State will convene in a few days, and I shall call its attention to the importance of reorganizing our militia system so as to render it of more practical value. Any suggestions which you will make relative to the manner in which we can co-operate with the General Government in enforcing the laws and in supporting its dignity and authority I shall be happy to receive.

I am, dear sir, yours, with high regard,

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM.

[APRIL 13, 1861.-For Camerom to Weightman, calling for five companies of militia from the District of Columbia, see Services I, Vol. LI, Part I, p. 324.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Boston, Mass., April 13, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: I am directed by His Excellency the Governor to request of you, if consistent with law and the policy of your Department, to allow me to draw 2,000 rifled muskets from the U. S. Arsenal at Springfield in advance of our annual quota becoming due. We have 5,000 infantry now armed and equipped and property officered. Only about 3,000 of them, however, are armed with the refiled musket;the others have the old smooth-bores, all of which have been changed from flintlocks to the percussion. If you will permit us to draw 2,00 more of the new rifled musket, we will have 5,000 as well armed, drilled, and officered infantry a seer handled a musket.

