
Third Regiment of Infantry, commanded by Colonel Nathaniel W. Brown, consisting of 820 men, stationed at Port Royal, S. C. Fourth Regiment of Infantry, commanded by Colonel Isaac P. Rodman, consisting of 900 men, stationed at Camp Casey, Washington. First Regiment Rhode Island Light Artillery, commanded by Colonel Charles H. Tompkins, six batteries of 150 men each, stationed in and around Washington. Seventh Battery, First Regiment Rhode Island Light Artillery, is recruiting, and has in camp 63 men. Enlistments for the Eighth Battery will be made as soon as the Seventh is complete. First New England Regiment of Cavalry, commanded by Colonel Robert B. Lawton, is recruiting in Rhode Island and New Hampshire. He has already enlisted and in camp in Rhode Island 467 men. In New Hampshire they have two full companies and two in addition recruiting. First Battalion, Fifth Regiment Rhode Island Volunteers, commanded by Major John Wright, is now recruiting, and have in camp 225 men.

Very respectfully, Your Excellency's obedient servant,

EDWARD C. MAURAN,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 19, 1861.

His Excellency F. H. PEIRPOINT,

Governor, &amp; c., Wheeling, Va.:

SIR: Your attention is respectfully called to the propriety and necessity of thorough civil organization, under the State government, in all counties in Virginia which are now, or may hereafter be, within the limits of the occupying forces of the United States. It is especially desirable that the courts of civil and criminal jurisdiction should be put in operation as rapidly as protection can be extended to their officers and proceedings. Constant application is made to the United States Government for the intervention of its military authority in matters which should be the subject of civil remedies, and the prompt action of the State Executive is respectfully requested in supplying proper tribunals as speedily as the existing ordinances and laws enable him to provide them. It is also suggested that any deficiency of executive power in this regard be brought to the attention of the General Assembly at the earliest period. It is further respectfully suggested that some citizen of Virginia, of discretion and intelligence equal to the consideration of iportant affairs, be selected by Your Excellency and charged with the duty of conferring on your behalf, as the Chief Executive of the State, with the authorities of the United States concerning matters in Virginia of general or special character growing out of the military action of the Government and affecting communities or citizens of that State. If you are authorized to appoint aides-de-camp it would be well for such persons to bear that official character. The services of such an agent or quasi commissioner would probably be found very useful to the State for some time to come. If Your Excellency could visit Washington in person the opportunity thus given for consultation might materially aid the Government in its efforts to guard the inhabitants of Virginia from all injury to their persons and property consistent with the enforcement of its authority.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

