
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 101. Washington, November 20, 1861.

The intention of the Government in reserving the original vacancies of second lieutenants for the most deserving among the non-commissioned officers of the new regular regiments was twofold: to secure the services of brave, intelligent, and energetic officers, by appointing only those who had fully proved themselves to be such after a fair competition with all who chose to enter the lists against them, and to give to the young men of the country - those especially who were poor, unknown, and without any social or political influence - an equal opportunity with the most favored. In General Orders, Numbers 16, of May 4, 1861, this intention was publicly announced. It is now reaffirmed, and commanding officers of the new regiments will see that it is carried out in good faith.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

AUGUSTA, November 20, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your telegram of the 18th instant, asking for a full report of the condition of the volunteer recruiting service in this State, setting forth the number of complete regiments for duty, the number nearly completed, and the number in process of organization, together with the names of the commanders and the arm of the service, and, in answer thereto, to transmit the inclosed communication from the adjutant-general of this State, which I think will be found to embody the desired information.

ISRAEL WASHBURN, JR.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,Augusta, Me., November 20, 1861.

His Excellency ISRAEL WASHBURN, Jr.,

Governor and Commander-in-Chief State of Maine:

Pursuant to your request this day made, I have the honor to submit the following return of regiments and corps of volunteers raised in Maine for, and now in, the service of the United States and those in process of organization:

Regiments and corps complete for duty.

Colonel C. W. Roberts, Second Regiment Infantry, 1,015 men, left the State May 14, 1861. Full company is being recruited at Bangor, and Lieutenant Dean is also recruiting for the regiment.

Colonel H. G. Staples, Third Regiment Infantry, 1,007 men, left the State June 5. Captain F. E. Heath, Lieutenant Wiggin, and Sergeant Howard are recruiting at Waterville, Bath, Augusta, and elsewhere.

Colonel H. G. Berry, Fourth Regiment Infantry, 1,143 men, left the State June 17. Full company recently recruited, and Lieutenant Gray and Captain Bean are now recruiting.

Colonel N. J. Jackson, Fifth Regiment Infantry, 1,024 men, left the State June 26. Major Scammon is recruiting squad, which is going forward soon.

