
Colonel Abner Knowles, Sixth Regiment Infantry, 962 men, left the State July 17. Lieutenants Roberts and Stone are recruiting at Corinth and Machias.

Colonel E. C. Mason, Seventh Regiment Infantry, 840 men, left the State August 23. Captain Channing and Lieutenant Haskell are recruiting for this regiment.

Colonel Lee Strickland, Eighth Regiment Infantry, 808 men, left the State September 10.

Colonel Rishworth Rich, Ninth Regiment Infantry, 979 men, left the State September 24.

Colonel G. L. Beal, Tenth Regiment Infantry, 941 men, left the State October 6.

Colonel J. C. Caldwell, Eleventh Regiment Infantry, 911 men, left the State November 13.

Captain J. D. Fessenden, a company rifle sharpshooters, 99 men, left the State November 13.

Regiments nearly completed.

Colonel G. F. Shepley, Twelfth Regiment Infantry; organization complete; mustered into service, uniformed, equipped, and ready for the field, except arms. Forms part of General Butled will embark at Portland, 21st instant, on steamer Constitution. Aggregate about 950 men.

Colonel John Goddard, First Regiment Cavalry; organization complete; twelve full companies of men and horses; will receive uniforms, equipments, and everything ready for service, except arms, in ten days; regiment has been mustered into the service of the United States. Aggregate 1,160 . One thousand one hundred and fifty-five horses have been purchased and delivered at Augusta.

Regiments and corps in process of organization.

Colonel Neal Dow, Thirteenth Regiment Infantry. About 850 men recruited.

Colonel F. S. Nickerson, Fourteenth Regiment Infantry. About 500 men recruited.

Colonel John McClusky, Fifteenth Regiment Infantry. About 700 men recruited.

Captain Davis Tillson, First Battery of Light Artillery. About half a battery recruited.

Captain E. W. Thompson, Second Battery Light Artillery. About half a battery recruited.

Third Battery Light Artillery. Officers not appointed. About half a battery recruited.

Fourth Battery Light Artillery. Officers not appointed. About half a battery recruited.

Fifth Battery Light Artillery. Officers not appointed. About half a battery recruited.

The foregoing statement, together with the First Regiment with an aggregate of 769 men, who were mustered in for three months, and left the State June 1, embraces the whole number shown by the records in the adjutant-general's office to have been sent from the State for the regiments named.

In addition to the above statement of troops sent out of the State, Captain Wentworth's command of artillery, aggregate of 58, was stationed, by order from War Department, at Fort McClary, for the pro

