
I would also suggest that a couple of regiments of our volunteers be ordered by t he President to garrison Forts Warren and Independence in Boston Harbor. They are now without men, and might be taken by lawless men and turned against the Government. I believe that our troops would like to do garrison duty until called upon by the President for active service. The regiments might alternate every four or six weeks, and thus they would learn much that would be of service to them, and hold the forts against attack or surprise.

With great respect, I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

WM. SCHOULER,

Adjutant-General, Massachusetts.

WASHINGTON CITY, April 14, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMORON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: As the Executive of the State of Minnesota, I hereby tender to the Government of the United States, on the part of the State, 1,000 men, to be ready for service so soon as the necessary information can be communicated to the people there.

As the Legislature is not in session, and will not be, unless specially convened, before January of next year, may I ask whether you would feel justified in saying that the reasonable expenses that may be incurred will be furnished by the General Government, in view of the facts above stated?

I am pleased to say that in all this I have the advice and support of the Sentars from Minnesota, and know that this action will be heartily and promptly responded to.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. RAMSEY.

BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES:

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas the laws of the United States have been for some time past and now are opposed and the execution thereof obstructed in the States of South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Florida, M Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas by combinations too powerful to be suppressed by the ordinary course of judicial proceedings or by the power vested in the marshals by law:

Now, therefore, I, Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States, in virtue of the power in me vested by the Constitution and the laws, have though fit to call forth, and hereby do call forth, the militia of the several States of the Union, to the aggregate number of 75,000, in order to suppress said combinations and to cause the laws to be duly executed.

The details of this object will be immediately communicated to the State authorities trough the War Department.

I appeal to all loyal citizens to favor, facilitate, and aid this effort to maintain the honor, the integrity, and the existence of our National Union, and the perpetuity of popular government, and to redress wrongs already long enough endured.

