
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, November 23, 1861.

Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

The Government is in imperative need of all the arms it has. Mr. Palmer's command already has pistols and sabers and cannot be given carbines also until others which have no arms are supplied.

THOMAS A. SCOTT.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 313. Washington, November 25, 1861.

* * * * * * *

6. Captain Anson Stager, assistant quartermaster, is assigned to duty as general manager of the Government telegraph lines.

Upon Captain Stager's requisition, or that of his assistants in their respective military departments, commanding officers will furnish the employes in the field connected with the telegraph lines with rations in kind and shelter, such as is allowed to other Government employes. Commanding officers will also give such aid as may be necessary in the construction and repair of telegraph lines in the country in which troops are operating.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

L. THOMAS,Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

November 25, 1861.

Brigadier-General RIPLEY,

Chief of Ordnance:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs that you extend the order given to Casper D. Shubarth on the 11th of October last from 20,000 to 50,000 Springfield muskets and appendages, and allow the same time from the date of the contract for the delivery of the arms as has been allowed to other contractors for the same number of muskets. The Secretary also directs that the contract with the Providence Tool Company be increased to 50,000 stands of Springfield muskets, deliveries to be equal to those required of other contractors.

Very respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY,Washington, November 25, 1861.

Major General E. D. MORGAN,

Commanding Department of New York, Albany, N. Y.:

GENERAL: The commander-in-chief desires me to call your attention to the concluding paragraph of General Orders, Numbers 1, current series, from the headquarters Department of New York, and to say that the directions therein contained requiring officers connected with the organization, equipment, and subsistence of volunteers to report to your

