
occasional cuts were in part filled up; obstacles of all kinds were placed in the way of a speedy restoration of the track to a serviceable condition. Such property and machinery as was not taken away was disabled by the destruction of important connections, which for the time being rendered the whole useless.

These lines are still retained by Government, the Orange and Alexandria Railroad being in operation to Springfield, distant about nine miles from Alexandria; and the Hampshire and Loudoun Railroad to Falls Church Station, eleven miles from Alexandria. At this time extensive supplies of stores and forage are being transported upon the Loudoun road from Alexandria to selected points along its route where troops are quartered. The machine- shop of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad, well supplied with machinery and material of all kinds, was an important acquisition. Machinists were immediately set at work for the thorough repairing of the rolling-stock. Here likewise all the iron work for the several bridges has been prepared. The Government has in its possession, taken from the Virginia roads, three engines, one passenger-car, twenty-six box-cars, twenty- three platform-cars, and one powder-car. There are three engines which have been borrowed from the Philadelphia and Reading Railroad, and twelve passenger and one baggage car from the Pennsylvania Railroad. There are at Fortress Monroe seven platform-cars which have been paid for.

The immediate wants of the Government at different times during the last six months have rendered it necessary to lay down the following tracks and sidings, and construct the following trestles and bridges:

Tracks and sidings. - From the depot of the Annapolis and Elk Ridge Railroad at Annapolis to the wharf at the navy-yard, about three-fourths of a mile; from Washington depot to the foot of Sixth street, with sidings and branches to the wharves, one and three-fourths miles; north of the Washington depot for the use of the Quartermaster's Department, one-half mile; also a warehouse 120 by 45 feet, for Quartermaster's Department.

In Virginia: A connecting track from the Hampshire and Loudoun Railroad Depot in Alexandria to the track of the Orange and Alexandria Railroad at the corner of Union and Queen streets, one-fourth mile; new sidings on the Hampshire and Loudoun Railroad, one-fourth mile; track destroyed and carried off by the enemy on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad railed, one-fourth mile.

Fortress Monroe: A track on the outside of the fort along the wharves connecting with lines inside to the workshops, casemates, &amp; c., one and three-fourths miles, making total length constructed five and one-fourth miles.

The following trestles and bridges have been constructed in lieu of bridges destroyed:

Northern Central Railroad: Nine bridges were destroyed, total length 700 feet. In two cases new bridges were erected whilst with the other spans trestling was introduced.

Orange and Alexandria Railroad: Seven bridges destroyed, total length 5880 feet. One new Howe bridge was built. Trestlework was made to supply the place of bridges in the other instances.

Hampshire and Loudoun Railroad: Bridges and trestles, total length 340 feet; total length of railroad bridges and trestles erected, 1,620 feet.

Highway bridges: There have been constructed in Virginia to meet the wants of the Army over different streams, 647 feet; the bridges across the East Branch of the Potomac having been found on examination too much decayed for the passage in safety of army wagons, they were repaired sufficiently to meet the emergency.

