
The Long Bridge was found upon examination to be entirely inadequate for military necessities; the piles were cut off at once at low-water mark and built up again. Additional rows of piling were driven under the bridge, upon which stringers were placed to support the old bridge until a new one could be erected. A contract was entered into with Messrs. Piper &amp; Sheiffler, experienced and energetic bridge builders, for erection of the new bridge. Three spans of the new bridge are now completed; the other two, together with the draw, will be ready for service in a few days. The new bridge is strong enough for the passage of railroad trains, shall emergency require the connection of Washington and Virginia lines.

There has been no direct appropriation for these works except $ 20,000 for the repairs of Long Bridge. For the renewal of this an appropriation of $ 97,500 was asked for at the last session of Congress, which, under present circumstances, became necessary.

Total amount of expenditures for the maintenance,

repair, and operation of the works heretofore alluded

to, exclusive of the Long Bridge .................... $ 69,109,44

Less amount by quartermaster at Fortress Monroe ..... 4,033,31

65,076,13

In view of the approaching winter and the obstructions to be expected from the ice at Baltimore, an extension of the wharf at Annapolis will be greatly needed to facilitate the discharge of vessels. Likewise iron railroad tracks will be required to accommodate the business at that point. At Fortress Monroe, also, some further extension of the tracks is desired by the military authorities. A track from the fortress to Hampton and Yorktown may be of great importance.

Respectfully submitted.

R. N. MORLEY,

General Manager U. S. Military Railroads.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Albany, N. Y., November 25, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: One regiment of cavalry (Colonel Morrison's) has left for Washington. Two others (Colonels Beardsley's and Crooks') will leave the present week, all well uniformed and organized, not mounted or armed, as arms and horseslied by the Government. I now accept infantry soldiers as offered. I decline to accept cavalry.

I have received your dispatch of 23rd regarding the two parts of regiments of cavalry at Elmira. I hope they will attach themselves to some of the infantry regiments now forming in this State.

I have the honor to be, truly, yours,

E. D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, November 25, 1861.

Honorable A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania:

SIR: It is found by experience that competition by agents of States authorized to purchase arms in competition with agents of the Government is highly detrimental to the public service, as it advances prices

