
I deem it proper to say that the first service assigned to the forces hereby called forth will probably be to repossess the forts,places, and property which have been seized from the Union, and in every event the utmost care will be observed, consistently with the object aforesaid, to avoid any devastation, any destruction of or interference with property, or any disturbance of peaceful citizens in any part of the country.

And I hereby command the persons composing the combinations aforesaid toe disperse and retire peaceably to their respective abodes within twenty days from date.

Deeming that the present condition of public affairs presents and extraordinary occasion, I do hereby, in virtue of the power in me vested by the Constitution, convene both houses of Congress.

Senators and Representatives are therefore summoned to assemble at their respective chambers at twelve o'clock noon on Thursday, the fourth day of July next, then and their to consider and determine such measures as in their wisdom the public safety and interest may seem to demand.

In witness when of I have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the Union States to be affixed.

Done at the city of Washington this fifteenth day of April, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and sixty-one, and of the Independence of the United States the eighty-fifth.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

By the President:

WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 15, 1861.,

SIR: Under the act of Congress "for calling forth the militia t execute the laws of the Union, suppress insurrections, repel invasions," &amp;c., approved February 28, 1795, I have the honor to request Your Excellency to cause to be immediately detached from the militia of your State the quota designated in the table below, to serve as infantry or riflemen, for the period of three months, unless sooner discharged.

Your Excellency will please communicate to me the time at or about which your quota will be expected at its rendezvous, as it will be met as soon as practicable by an officers to muster it into the service and pay of the United States. At the same time the oath of fidelity to the United States will be administered to every officer and man. The mustering officer will be instructed to receive no man under the rank of commissioned officer who is in years apparently over forty-five or under eighteen, or who is not in physical strength and vigor.*

---------------

*Sent to the Governors the Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, Tennessee, Arkansas, Kentucky, Missouri, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Michigan, Wisconsin, Iowa, and Minnesota; and they were notified by telegraph, same date, of the requisition being made.

---------------

