
Fort on Hog Island Ledge, Portland Harbor, Me. (Fort Gorges), in charge of Lieutenant J. C. Palfrey until April 29, 1861; afterward of Mr. J. J. Lee. - During the short season of operations on this work the scarps of the two faces bearing on the main channel were built up a height of from ten to fourteen feet, including the construction of twelve casemate embrasures. About 10,000 cubic feet of stone was prepared in addition for future work. It is intended next to complete the gun faces of the lower tier, including scarp and embrasures, magazines, piers, and floor arches of second tier, and then to build the second tier of embrasures, casemate arches, parade walls, and terre-pleins of the gun faces of the work. It is hoped that the work will be ready for the second tier of guns by the end of the next season. Appropriation asked, $ 100,000.

Fort Warren, Boston Harbor, Mass., in charge of Captain C. S. Stewart. - This work has been under the care of a fort keeper during the past year. It has been occupied for a couple of months by a garrison of Massachusetts Volunteers. It is proposed next year to complete the quarters and barracks, and finish all minor matters of detail, fitting it for all its guns. Appropriation asked, $ 75,000.

Fort Winthrop, Boston Harbor, Mass., in charge of Captain C. S. Stewart. - The work and public property have been in the care of a fort keeper during the past year. The next year it is proposed to finish the tower and the south exterior battery of thirty guns.

Fort Independence, Boston Harbor, Mass., in charge of Captain C. S. Stewart. - A small force of workmen was employed last season in putting down flagging, grading the parade, renewing the interior slopes of the work and exterior battery, and constructing storm shelters at the entrances of quarters and barracks. It is proposed to complete the little that remains to be done in the way of preparation of the batteries.

Fortifications at the entrance to New Bedford Harbor, Mass., in charge of Brigadier General George W. Cullum, major Corps of Engineers, until May, 1861; afterward of Mr. C. H. Bigelow. - The necessary machinery, store-houses, and shops have been provided, the excavation for the scarp foundations made, the earth therefrom embanked on the gorge glacis, the concrete foundations laid, and the scarp built thereon to a height of nearly six feet. Considerable quantities of building materials have been provided, and about fifty rods of substantial stone fence constructed. Next year it is intended to build the entire scarp to the height of twenty feet, construct the casemate embrasures, build the casemate piers, and execute most of the embankment of gorge glacis. Appropriation asked, $ 100,000.

Fort Adams, Newport Harbor, R. I., in charge of Brigadier General G. W. Cullum, major of Engineers. - Operations have been limited to keeping the fort in good order and making necessary repairs. The work is ready for its entire armament, and can accommodate its whole war garrison. The permanent wharf needs to be rebuilt in part, and also the southwest breakwater, and some repairs should be executed.

Fort Griswold, New London Harbor, Conn., in charge of Brigadier General G. W. Cullum, major of Engineers. - Nothing has been done at this work beyond keeping its exterior battery, magazine, and shot furnace in order.

Fort Trumbull, New London Harbor, Conn., in charge of Brigadier General George W. Cullum, major of Engineers. - This work was finished about thirteen years ago, and is kept in admirable order by the labor and attention of the fort keeper. Its casemates are all prepared for its war garrison, and its readiness for armament is nearly complete. All

