
essentials are prepared for efficient service. The fence around the public lands requires renewal.

Fort Schuyler, eastern entrance to New York Harbor, in charge of Brigadier General G. W. Cullum, major of Engineers. - This fort is essentially ready for its entire armament, and can accomodate a full war garrison. Since May it has been occupied by volunteer regiments, who have damaged it somewhat.

Fort at Willets Point, eastern entrance to New York Harbor, in charge of Brigadier General George W. Cullum, major of Engineers. - The existing mortgage on the site of this work falls due the coming spring. It is hoped that the means of paying this may be provided by Congress at the approaching session; besides doing which it is designed to commence the construction of the work as soon as possible on a vigorous scale. This fort is of the greatest importance for the defense of the commercial metropolis of the country. Appropriation asked, $ 200,000.

Fort Columbus, Castle William, South Battery, Fort Wood, and Fort Gibson, all works immediately in front of the southern end of the city of New York, and constituting the inner line of defense, are in a serviceable condition and entirely ready for the whole of their respective armaments. Small expenditures are needed at several of them, most of which have been heretofore specified. Such as are pressing will be attended to.

New battery at Fort Hamilton, New York Harbor. - As soon as a title is secured to the site of this battery, for which legal process is now in train, the preliminary steps will be taken in order to a commencement of work at the opening of spring.

Fort Richmond, New York Harbor, in charge of Brigadier General J. G. Barnard, major of Engineers, until May, 1861; afterward of Lieutenant M. D. McAlester. - The labor of the season has been principally applied to the construction of traverses covering the magazine openings and to the counterscarps of the northwest salient and north front. The work is ready for all its guns and munitions. Next year shot furnaces are to be built, the counterscarps of the water-fronts constructed, some details of the draw bridge perfected, and the work is to be connected with the adjacent batteries.

Fort on the side of Fort Tompkins, New York Harbor, in charge of Brigadier General J. G. Barnard, major of Engineers, until May, 1861; afterward of Lieutenant M. D. McAlester. - The labor of the season has been applied to the construction of the counterscarp with its galleries and reverse fires, forming its arches and covering them with concrete and asphalt and embanking against and over them. The returns of the counterscarp along the water-fronts, part of its coping, pavement of its galleries, and some details remain to complete it. It is hoped that means may be afforded at the present session of Congress for completing the entire masonry of this fort. Its casemates are designed to afford accommodation for much of the garrisons of Fort Richmond and the other batteries of the position, to all of which it is a most important adjunct in this respect. Appropriation asked, $ 200,000.

Proposed casemate battery on Staten Island, New York Harbor. - This battery is, in the opinion of the board of engineers, the most important work yet to be undertaken for the defense of New York, and should be begun and completed with the least delay practicable. The plans are already prepared; $ 100,000 should be granted for this work.

Fort at Sandy Hook, N. J., in charge of Brigadier General H. W. Benham, major of Engineers, until May 10; since then of Brigadier General J. G. Foster, captain of Engineers. - The work of the season has been confined to the

