
three water-fronts at the fort, with the view of preparing them for the reception of the first tier of guns as soon as possible. The scarp-wall of the north front, and more than one-half of the northeast front, has been raised to include the ninth course, and thirty-eight embrasures, with flagging and traverse circles, have been prepared for the guns. The scarp of the adjacent portions of the water fronts has been raised to the height of the fifth course, and the foundations of the scarp of the remainder of the water-fronts have been put in. The foundations of the piers and cisterns have been constructed, the cisterns built, and the embankments for the casemate floors formed, in corresponding proportion. One magazine has been completed, the masonry of another built, and two more are in progress. Roads, machinery, shops, stables, and barracks have been provided as needed. By the end of the present working season there will be a readiness for at least sixty guns. Next year it is proposed to complete the barbatte tier of the water-fronts, including scarp, piers, arches, covering, terre-plein, gun circles, cisterns, magazines, and ramps. Appropriation asked, $ 300,000.

Fort Mifflin, Delaware River, Pa., in charge of Brigadier General John Newton, major of Engineers. - A new sluice was built during the year, and some indispensable repairs made to the dikes. The grounds around the fort were surveyed. Repairs of the gun platforms and breast-height wall are to be executed before the close of the season.

Fort Delaware, Delaware River, Del., in charge of Brigadier General John Newton, major of Engineers. - The fort is now in effective condition for service in all essential points. During the year the draw bridge has been made and hung, magazine doors hung, walls of quarters and barracks carried to their full height, storm houses provided, temporary quarters for garrison constructed, and forty-seven guns mounted. The work done includes 52 cubic yards of stone masonry, 408 of pressed brick, 1,312 of common brick, and 122 square yards of flagging. It is designed next year to complete the barracks and quarters, apply the interior finish of the work, and pile the foundations of the counter-scarp-wall. Appropriation asked, $ 60,000.

Fort Carroll, Baltimore Harbor, Md., in charge of Brigadier General J. G. Foster, captain of Engineers, until November 1, 1860; afterward of Lieutenant Colonel Henry Brewerton, Corps of Engineers. - In consequence of the subsidence of the foundation of this work operations have been limited to the construction of the permanent wharf, placing a crane upon it, and receiving and depositing rough granite to the extent of 1,500 tons upon the scarps of fronts one, five, and six. Temporary traverse circles have been laid for twenty four casemate guns. Preparations are making to put down nineteen more permanent traverse circles and to finish and fit up several of the magazines. Next year it is proposed to complete the first and second tiers of the work. Appropriation asked, $ 200,000.

Fort McHenry, Baltimore Harbor, Md., in charge of Lieutenant Colonel Henry Brewerton. - The defenses of the work have been much improved since the 1st of May. Palisading has been placed across the ditch at the gorge of the demilune, and at the extremities of the water batteries. The entire counterscarp and the exterior slope of the water batteries have been protected by abatis. Two magazines have been formed in the bomb-proofs at the postern. The drains have been relaid, the wharf rebuilt, and an artisan well sunk in the parade to procure water for the garrison. The entire armament is mounted.

Fort Washington, Potomac River, Md., in charge of Lieutenant G. W. C. Lee from January 11, 1861, to April 25, 1861; afterward of Lieutenant G. W.

