
except two or three guns on the barbette tier and one 42-pounder in the casemate tier. The carriages were in good order and pretty good. The magazine was well furnished with implements, and also contained some powder. The fort was repaired three years ago, and was generally in excellent condition, one of the cisterns only wanting repairs.

Fort Johnson, Charleston Harbor, S. C., in charge of Brigadier General J. G. Foster, captain of Engineers, until January 2, 1861. - The barracks and quarters were in such bad order as to be almost uninhabitable, and a large sum would be needed to repair them. The position was taken possession of by the State troops on the 2nd of January, 11861. A small battery of three guns was soon after built adjoining the barracks.

Fort Pulaski, Savannah River, Ga., in charge of Captain W. H. C. Whitting, until January 28, 1861. - This work had been in care of two men who were employed in keeping the grassed surfaces free from weeds and in taking care of property. The fort was taken possession of by Georgia troops about the 28th of January by order of the Governor of Georgia.

Repairs of Fort Jackson, Savannah River, Ga., in charge of Captain W. H. C. Whiting, until January 28, 1861. - A fort keeper was employed at this fort keeping the grassed surfaces free from weeds and taking care of public property. The fort was occupied by troops of the State of Georgia about the 28th of January, 1861, by order of the Governor of that State.

Fort Clinch, Amelia Island, Fla., in charge of Captain W. H. C. Whiting, until the latter part of January, 1861. - Operations of construction were continued on this fort until the time of its seizure by the insurgents, about the end of January, 1861. At that time the north bastion was about completed, the curtain connecting this bastion with the north-west bastion completed, the gallery of communication to the bastion completed, the northwest bastion finished to coping, the northwest gallery completed, the curtain connecting the northwest and southwest bastions built to the level of the soles of the loop-holes, the southwest bastion walls carried above the embrasures, the southwest gallery about completed, the curtain connecting the southwest and west bastions built to reference (14'), the south bastion carried to the springing of the gun-room arches, the south gallery almost finished, the curtain of the land-front built to the soles of the loop-holes, the east bastion walls carried to the spring of the arches, the curtain connecting the east and north bastions finished, and the east gallery finished, except the pavement. The embankment of the rampart is up to the terre-plein on all sides of the work except the west.

Fort Taylor, Key West, Fla., in charge of Captain E. B. Hunt. - During the past year the work has been so far completed as to be ready for its entire armament. The operations embrace completing and applying finish of soldiers' quarters, constructing roofing, floor girders, and floor arches, building ovens and store-rooms, setting embrasures of ground tier, barbette gun platforms, and loop-hole gratings, making embrasure shutters, tightening most of the cisterns, making and hanging draw bridge and renewing standing bridge, constructing foot wall of parapet slope, salt marsh breast-height, fitting magazines for use, putting up conductors, completion of asphalting, embanking earthen parapet and cover face, and completing most of the terre-pleins. Next year labors will be devoted to the completion of the castle and construction of cover-face and advance works. Appropriation asked, $ 200,000.

Fort Jefferson, Garden Key, Tortugas, Fla., in charge of Lieutenant Colonel D. P. Woodbury, major of Engineers, until April 1, 1861; afterward of Captain J. St. C. Morton. - During the year the scarp has been built to the

