
height of from 35' to 42', being an addition of about seven feet average, much of the breast-height and parade wall completed, sixty casemate arches asphalted, barbette gun platforms commenced, barbette magazines commenced, gun-room pavements laid, three tower magazines constructed, seventy-nine cisterns tightened, temporary buildings for store-rooms and shops constructed, and casemates and wooden buildings fitted for barracks and quarters. These operations included 3,150 cubic yards of brick masonry, 2,790 cubic yards of concrete, 8,300 surface feet of pavement laid, 1,340 surface yards of asphaltum, 8,400 surface yards of plastering, and 41,100 running feet of pointing. It is designed to apply the balance of existing means to the completion of the parapets and terre-pleins, and with the next appropriation to construct magazines, permanent barracks, store-houses, and second-tier embrasures. Appropriation asked, $ 200,000.

Fort Pickens, Pensacola Harbor, Fla., in charge of Captain F. E. Prime until February 20, 1861; since then of Major Z. B. Tower. - But little was done at this fort, which has been finished for a number of years, beyond some small repairs and care of grassed surfaces and public property, until it became necessary to put it in condition to withstand an attack. To this end the necessary blindages have been prepared, the heavy guns provided with traverses and parados, the reverse of terre-pleins covered, guns and mortars have been mounted, and exterior batteries constructed and armed.

Fort Barrancas, Pensacola Harbor, Fla., in charge of Captain F. E. Prime until about the latter part of January, 1861. - Nothing has been done at this work or its redoubt during the year. It was taken possession of by the insurgents about the latter part of January, 1861.

Fort McRee, Pensacola Harbor, Fla., in charge of Captain F. E. Prime until about the latter part of January, 1861. - Labors were directed to preservation of the site by the establishment of jetties and connecting lines of brush along the beach. The fort was taken possession of by the insurgents about the latter part of January, 1861.

Fort Morgan, entrance to Mobile Harbor, Ala., in charge of Captain F. E. Prime until about 7th of January, 1861. - Preparations were made to execute some important repairs to the wharf of this fort, and the work was commenced, but soon afterward, in the early part of January, 1861, forcible possession was taken of the fort by insurgents acting under orders of the Governor of the State.

Fort Gaines, Dauphin Island, entrance to Mobile Harbor, Ala., in charge of Captain F. E. Prime until January 18, 1861. - The work of construction was in active progress on this fort till about 18th of January, 1861, when it was forcibly seized by the insurgents. The state of the work was then as follows: The scarp wall of all the bastions and of the north curtain was at reference (23'3"); the other curtains at the springing lines of the loop-hole arches, the bastion gorge walls at the reference (16'), and the concrete at heights varying from (16') to (20').

Fort on Ship Island, coast of Mississippi, in charge of Captain F. E. Prime until January 30, 1861. - This work was visited by an armed body of men on the 13th of January, 1861, and by a second party the same afternoon, who left some of their number on the island. On the 20th a third armed body took forcible possession of the work, when it was in the following condition: Four embrasures from the northeast angle built up ready for covering arches; all the other embrasures except one had the irons in place and beaded. The land-front is, most

