
of it, at the reference (13'14"), the concrete of the south half being not all in. The work is now understood to be in the possession of the Government again, with no material injury done to it.

Military defenses at Proctor's Landind, La., in charge of Bvt. Major P. G. T. Beauregard until January 12, 1861. - These defenses were in care of a fort keeper until about the 12th January, 1861, when it is supposed they were seized by the State troops. The tower was then unfinished and the gun platforms of the exterior battery not laid.

Repairs of Fort Saint Philip, Mississippi River, in charge of Bvt. Major P. G. T. Beauregard until January 12, 1861. - Operations were in progress at this work to repair damages occasioned to the levees by a storm and to protect the river shore by a wooden revetment when the fort was seized by the State government.

Repairs of Fort Jackson, Mississippi River, La., in charge of Bvt. Major P. G. T. Beauregard until January 12, 1861. - Materials have been collected at this work for the construction of the lower battery, but the fort was seized by the State of Louisiana and all operations arrested.

Fort Livingston, Grand Terre Island, La., in charge of Lieutenant W. H. Stevens until March 2, 1861. - Nothing was done at this work during the past year. It no doubt passed into the hands of Louisiana when the State seized theh other forts.

Fortifications for the defense of the entrance to Galveston Harbor, Ten., in charge of Lieutenant W. H. Stevens until March 2, 1861. - At this position, which is the site of a new work, a wharf has been built, road made, quarters and store-houses constructed, cisterns built, and materials collected for commencement of a fort. The work was no doubt taken possession of last spring by the Texans.

Fort at Alcatraz Island, San Francisco Harbor, Cal., in charge of Captain J. B. McPherson. - The magazine ventilators of the south and west batteries have been readjusted, draw bridges of guard- house, barracks, and caponieres made and hung, some coping set, brick retaining wall finished and surmounted by an iron fence, earth filling put in, granite stairs completed, and iron stair rail provided. The excavation for the new twelve-gun battery has been chiefly done, breast-height walls and shell rooms completed, brick walls of gun platforms finished, eight sets of traverse stones cut, and the earthen parapet arranged and sodded. Next year it is proposed to complete the extension of the columbiad battery, with its magazines, and build a permanent wharf and store-house. Appropriation asked, $ 150,000.

Fort at Fort Point, entrance of San Francisco Harbor, Cal., in charge of Captain J. F. Gilmer until July 20, 1861; since then of Lieutenant G. H. Elliot. - During the year a short furnace has been built on the parade, the interior of quarters and barracks finished, guard, prison, and store-rooms fitted up, wall built across the western end of the ditch, and a wooden protection against the sea 174 feet long constructed around the northeastern bastion. The main work is ready for its armament and about completed. Next year's work contemplates asphalting, covering, and paving the counterscarp galleries, providing store- rooms, constructing counterscarp wall, glacis, and covered way, and building a sea-wall in front of the advanced battery; also the construction of the advanced works in rear of the fort. Appropriation asked, $ 200,000.

Lime Point Bluff, entrance of San Francisco Harbor, Cal., in charge of Captain J. F. Gilmer and Lieutenant G. H. Elliot. - Owing to legal difficulties, the Government has not yet been able to secure possession of this site.

