
the French nation. Here every man has an interest in the Government, and rushes to its defense when dangers beset it.

By reference to the records of the Revolution it will be seen that Massachusetts, with a population of 350,000, had at one time 56,000 troops in the field, or over one-sixth of her entire people-a force greatly exceeding the whole number of troops furnished by all the Southern States during that war. Should the present loyal States furnish troops in like proportion, which undoubtedly would be the case should any emergency demand it, the Government could promptly put into the field an army of over 3,000,000.

It gives me great satisfaction to refer to the creditable degree of discipline of our troops, most of whom were but a short time since engaged in the pursuits of peace. They are rapidly attaining an efficiency which cannot fail to bring success to our arms. Officers and men alike evince an earnest desire to accomplish themselves in every duty of the camp and field, and the various corps are animated by an emulation to excel each other in soldierly qualities.

The conspiracy against the Government extended over an area of 733,144 square miles, possessing a coast like of 3,523 miles, and a shore line of 25,414 miles, with an interior boundary line of 7,031 miles in length. This conspiracy stripped us of arms and munitions, and scattered our Navy to the most distant quarters of the globe. The effort to restore the Union, which the Government entered on in April last, was the most gigantic endeavor in the history of civil war. The interval of seven months has been spent in preparation.

The history of this rebellion, in common with all others, for obvious causes, records the first successes in favor of the insurgents. The disaster of Bull Run was the natural consequence of the premature advance of our brave, but undisciplined troops, which the impatience of the country demanded. The betrayal, also, of our movements by traitor in our midst enabled the rebels to choose and intrench their position, and by re-enforcements in great strength, at the moment of victory, to snatch it from our grasp. This reserve, however, gave no discouragement to our gallant people. They have crowded into our ranks, and although large numbers have been necessarily rejected, a mighty army in invincible array stands eager to precipitate itself upon the foe. The check that we have received upon the Potomac has therefore but postponed the campaign for a few months. The other successes of the rebels, though dearly won, were mere affairs, with no important or permanent advantages. The possession of western Virginia and the occupation of Hatteras and Beaufort has nobly redeemed our transient reverses. At the date of my last report the States of Delaware, Maryland, Kentucky, and Missouri were threatened with rebellion. In delaware the good sense and patriotism of the people have triumphed over the unholy schemes of traitor. The people of Kentucky early pronounced themselves, by an unequivocal declaration at the ballot-box, in favor of the Union; and Maryland, notwithstanding the efforts of bad men in power in the city of Baltimore, when the opportunity of a general election was afforded, under the lead of here brave and patriotic Governor, rebuked by an overwhelming majority the traitors who would have led her to destruction.

In Missouri a loyal State government has been established by the people, thousands of whom have rallied to the support of the Federal authority, and in conjunction with troops from other portions of the country have forced the rebels to retire into the adjoining State. The

