
BANGOR, ME., April 15, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary War:

Your dispatch is received, and your call will be promptly responded to. The people of Maine of all parties will rally with alacrity to the maintenance of the Government and of the Union.

ISRAEL WASHBURN, JR.,

Governor of Maine.

BOSTON, April 15, 1861.

Adjt. General L. THOMAS,

Washington:

Dispatch received. By what route shall we send?

JOHN A. ANDREW.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL 'S OFFICE, Washington, April 15, 1861.

Governor JOHN A. ANDREW,

Boston, April 15, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have received telegrams from yourself and Adjutant- General Thomas, admonishing me of a coming requisition for twenty companies, of sixty-four privates each, I have caused orders to be distributed bo bring the men into Boston before to-morrow night to await orders.

Allow me to urge the issue of an order to the Springfield, Mass., Armory to double the production of arms at once and to push the work to the utmost.

If any aid of money or credit is needed from Massachusetts, I hope to be at once apprised thereof. An extra session of our General Court can be called immediately if need be, and, if called, it will respond to every demand of patriotism.

I beg you to permit one, in addition, to suggest the utmost activity at the Springfield Armory; to urge that the armory at Harper's Ferry be discontinued, and its tools and machinery and works be transferred elsewhere, or that it be rightly guarded against seizure, of the danger of which I have some premonitions.

If any more troops shall certainly be needed from Massachusetts please signify if at once, since I should prefer receiving special volunteers for active militia service to detailing more of our present active companies or regiments, as to case may be, and I can receive enlistments of men who are very ready to serve.

Allow me also to suggest that our forts in Boston Harbor are entirely unmanned. If authorized, I would put a regiment into the forts at any time.

