
Two of my staff spent last Saturday in new experiments of the most satisfactory character with Schenkl's new invention in projectiles, and so extraordinary was the firing that I have directed eighteen guns to be rifled and the projectiles to be made. May I commend this invention to the examination of the United States Government?

I am happy to add that I find the amplest proof of warm devotion to the country's cause on every hand to-day.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. ANDREW.

RALEIGH, N. C., April 15, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch is received, and if genuine, which its extraordinary character leads me to doubt, I have to say in reply that I regard the levy of troops made by the Administration for the purpose of subjugating the States of the South as in violation of the Constitution and a gross usurpation of power. I can be no party to this wicked violation of the laws of the country and to this war upon the liberties of a free people. You can get no troops from North Carolina. I will reply more in detail when your call is received by mail.

JOHN W. ELLIS,

Governor of North Carolina.

ALBANY, N. Y. April 15, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Will you communicate as fully as possible by telegraph details of the object of President's proclamation?

Our Legislature may adjourn to-night, and it is important to have as full information as can be furnished.

E. D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York.

[Indorsement.]

Reply, stating number of regiments required, &amp;c.

NEW YORK, April 15, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

The city of New York will sustain the Government. The Herald will declare to-morrow for the Administration. Democrats are no longer partisans. They are loyal to the Government and the flag. The attack on Fort Summer has made the North a until. We are at war with a foreign power.

D. E. SICKLES.

MADISON, WIS., April 15, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

The call for one regiment of militia will be promptly met, and further calls when made.

ALEX. W. RANDALL,

Governor of Wisconsin.

