
III. Commanding officers of regiments will detail two commissioned officers, with four non-commissioned officers or privates, to report in person to the superintendents of the recruiting service for their respective States on the 1st day of January, 1862, or as soon thereafter as practicable. These officers and non-commissioned officers will be detail for a tour of six mouths, and will be assigned as recruiting parties to rendezvous by the superintendents. If found incompetent they will be relieved and replaced by others.

IV. The superintendents will establish the rendezvous and so arrange for the rent, subsistence of recruits, and other expenses that the charges may be reasonable and that the bills therefor may be certified to by the recruiting officers in charge and presented for payment to the disbursing officers at the general depots.

V. Enlistments of volunteers will be made upon printed forms, to be furnished for the purpose, similar to those establishment for the regular service. They will in all cases be made in duplicate.

VI. Recruits will be sent as often as may be necessary in small squads to the general depots, with a descriptive list and duplicate enlistments of each man. The descriptive list will be examined, and if correct will be field with the records of the depot. One copy of the each enlistment will be delivered to the disbursing officer to assist him in the examination and verification of accounts, and will be sent with those accounts at the end of each quarter to the Adjutant-General of the Army at Washington. The duplicate enlistments will be sent by the superintendent to the Adjutant-General of the Army with a consolidated return of the recruiting parties for the month on the first day of the succeeding month, or as soon thereafter as practicable.

VII. Recruiting officer will send to the superintendents a return of their recruiting parties for each month on the first of the succeeding month. They will also make tri-monthly reports of the state of the recruiting service to the superintendent, and the superintendent will forward a consolidated tri-monthly report to the Adjutant-General of the Army.

VIII. Superintendents will keep their depots supplied with sufficient clothing for issues to recruits and with the arms necessary for their instruction.

IX. All other details will be conducted in the manner prescribed in the regulations for the recruiting service of the Regular Army.

X. Commanders of volunteer regiments, batteries, or independent companies requiring recruits will make requisitions, approved by the commanding officer of their brigades, divisions, and departments, or corps d'armee, direct on the superintendents of the recruiting service for their respective States, who will furnish the necessary men, forwarding a descriptive list with them. Certified copies of this descriptive list will be forwarded at the same time to the Adjutant-General of the Army and to the adjutant-general of the State.

XI. Volunteer officers now on the recruiting service will be relieved on the 1st day of January, 1862, and sent to join their regiments, unless directed to report to the superintendents in their respective States.

XII. After the 1st day of January, 1862, volunteers will be mustered for pay upon the same form of rolls as those used for the regular service.

XIII. Commanding officers of volunteer regiments numbering less than the maximum organization fixed by law will immediately report to this office the present state of their commands, in order that the Governors of the several States may be called upon to fill up their respective regiments to the standard prescribed.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 319. Washington, December 3, 1861.

* * *

3. During the organization of new regiments in the State of Ohio, and until the muster-rolls are completed, the Governor of the State will have the exclusive control of them, and he is authorized to transfer companies and detachments, whether mustered into the service or not, from one regiment to another, as may be found necessary to their complete organization. In completing the organization of companies that have been mustered into the service, the commissioned officers

