
may be appointed from among the non-commissioned officers and privates of those companies without being remustered into the service. Until muster-rolls are completed, mustering officers are authorized to discharge men on certificates of disability and to grant certificates of discharge. Commissioned officers appointed from regiments already in the field, whether from among the officers or enlisted men, to positions in other regiments than those in which they may be serving, must first be discharged and mustered out of service before receiving their new appointments.

* * *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, December 3, 1861.

GOVERNOR OF MAINE,

Augusta:

Incomplete cavalry regiments will not be completed. If they can be consolidated so as to form complete regiments they will be received. If not they will be mustered out of the service. No other cavalry regiment will be raised. Please report your action in the case. No more cavalry will be sent forward without express orders to that effect. No more cavalry will be sent forward without express orders to that effect. The Department desires to turn a number of the cavalry regiments already raised into infantry or garrison artillery. Please report if this can be done.

By order:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

(The same to Governors of New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa, Kentucky, Kansas, Virginia, and Missouri.)

STATE OF MAINE, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Augusta, December 3, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to transmit to you herewith a letter from the adjutant-general of this State, containing the information desired in your telegram in reference to the recruiting in this State for the volunteer service.

Your obedient servant,

ISRAEL WASHBURN, JR.

[Inclosure.]

STATE OF MAINE, HDQRS. ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Augusta, November 30, 1861.

His Excellency ISRAEL WASHBURN, Jr.,

Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the State of Maine:

Pursuant to your instructions I have the honor to submit the following return in continuation of that of the 20th instant of troops furnished the General Government, and mustered into service under

