
were subsisting, and in some cases clothing, volunteer organizations raising under acceptances from the War Department, some of whose officers do not report to me, notwithstanding full publicity has been given to your orders, and about which, therefore, I can have no reliable information. A compliance with my order would have facilitated the object south by the Honorable Secretary of War in his telegram of the 18th ultimo requesting me to forward to you at stated periods in each month a report of the condition of the volunteer recruiting service in this State, showing not only the number of complete regiments for duty, but also the number nearly completed, and the number in process of organization, the names of the respective commanders, and the arms of service. I beg respectfully to say that unless authority is given me to require reports from all connected with raising or subsisting volunteers, my reports to the War Department must be to some extent less satisfactory than I could desire.

I am, general, with must respect, your obedient servant,

E. D. MORGAN,

Major-General, Commanding Department.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 3, 1861.

Honorable E. D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York:

DEAR SIR: Yours of the 15th of November, per Adjutant-General Hillhouse, relative to the application of Captain Kavanagh and others to raise a regiment of infantry, to be called the Marcy Rifles, was duly received, and was entirely satisfactory to this Department. If you are, however, still desirous to organize the said regiment, this Department has no objection whatever, provided that the regiment be counted as a part of the forces you have been heretofore authorized to raise. The whole matter is respectfully referred to your consideration.

Respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

LONDON, December 4, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: I have this day drawn upon you at five days after sight for $100,000 in favor of Messers. Baring Bros. &amp; Co., who have given me credit for the same.

Respectfully, yours, &c.,

GEORGE L. SCHUYLER.

LONDON, December 4, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of the War Department, &c., Washington:

SIR: We have the honor to inform you that we have this day paid Mr. G. L. Schuyler the sum of @20,000 again his draft on your Department for $100,000, of which he will give you advice. This payment is in excess of the credit established in favor of Mr. Schuyler, but on the representations of Mr. Dayton, U. S. minister in Paris, and the

