
Honorable Thurlow Weed, that it was very desirable for the service of your Government that the required facilities should be granted to Mr. Schuyler, we did not hesitate to make the advance, and we trust that this course will meet your approval. We forward Mr. Schuyler's draft to our agent, Mr. Samuel J. Ward, of Boston, for adjustment.

We have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

BARING BROTHERS &amp; CO.

HARRISBURG, PA., December 4, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

We now have regiments in excess of our quota, and I renew my applications for the appointment to General Keim. I need not say to you that we have no man in Pennsylvania who enjoys more character as a military man, as no officer on the Potomac came home with more reputation. I go to Philadelphia in the morning to present standards to five regimens, and our regiments here are filling up rapidly. I am truly gratified for the 15,000 rifles sent us. It stimulates our enlistment. Be pleased to telegraph me when you will give General Keim his commission.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, December 4, 1861.

Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg:

General Keim's nomination as brigadier-general will go to the Senate to-morrow for confirmation. Pleased to learn you are succeeding so well with military organizations.

SIMON CAMERON.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Sain Paul, December 4, 1861.

Colonel L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Since my report of the 20th ultimo no new military organizations have been formed in this State. There are now in the State two full companies of light cavalry, ninety-five men each, fully clothed and under marching orders for Saint Louis. The two batteries of artillery then reported have been consolidated into one battery of 156 men, and is fully organized and clothed and is under marching order to Saint Louis, and all the above force is awaiting transportation. As navigation has closed, and Acting Assistant Quartermaster Saunders says he has no authority to make any transportation contracts, I have telegraphed to the assistant adjutant-general of the Department of Missouri on the matter. Five companies of the Fourth Regiment are now at the frontier posts, two full companies are at Fort Snelling, and three companies not yet full, wanting about fifteen men each. Order for a fifth regiment issued to-day.

Your obedient servant,

JOHN B. SANBORN,

Adjutant-General.

