
save a large sum per annum. They might be required to certify that they actually kept in service the number of horses for which they claim forage.

Sutlers: Are they necessary? If so, they are a necessary evil. They tend in my opinion to demoralize the men and take from them the money that should go to their families.

A heavy expense grows out of the enormous accumulation of rank upon the personal staff of our general officers. Take an instance of one-four brigadier-generals, six colonels, six colonels, nine lieutenant-colonels, one major, two captains. That our general officers may require a very large number of staff officers I am readily understand, but I cannot see why it is necessary that aides and quartermasters and adjutants-general and others should be made brigadiers or colonels. I speak with diffidence on this subject, as I may be ignorant of the necessities of service.

On reflection, I think the number of horses authorized might be modified as follows: The General-in-Chief the same as at present; major-generals, five; brigadier-generals, four; colonels, lieutenant--colonels, and majors, three; captains and lieutenants of cavalry, two; chaplains, one.

By the eighth section of the act of July 22, regimental quartermaster-sergeants are allowed only $17 per month, the pay of a sergeant of cavalry, instead of $21, the pay of sergeants- major. I understand the bill as it left the Senate gave them the higher pay, but was changed in the House, probably by mistake. Justice, I think, requires that they should be placed upon the same footing as those in the regular Army. I shall be happy to call upon you at any time or aid you in any way in this matter.

BENJ. F. LARNED,

Paymaster-General.

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, D. C., December 6, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I inclose a copy of a letter to me of the 4th instant from the chief of the staff of the commander-in-chief, which seems to be rather discouraging as to the further employment of foreign officers in the military service of the United States. Being sure that if we do not provide Honorable employment for such officers as may come hither in quest of it, they will seek, and probably obtain, similar employment in the forces of the insurgents, I would suggest that a circular be addressed to Governors of States, requesting them to make such arrangements as may prevent such a result. If you avocations should not allow you leisure to prepare such a circular, I will cheerfully prepare if myself.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

WILLIAM H. SEWARD.

[Inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Washington, D. C., December 4, 1861.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

MY DEAR SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of several communications from you relative to the employment of foreign

