
officers in our Army. I have endeavored to find places for these gentlemen, and in a few instances have succeeded; but the difficulty I have encountered is that all the regimental officers are appointed by the Governors of the States, and when vacancies occur they are filled by election, so that the only positions that remain available for such applications are upon the staffs of some of the general officers, and I have therefore advised these gentlemen to apply to them; but the generals have for the most part organized and filled their staffs with officers of their own selection.

I should regard it as highly important if the services of educated officers, who speak our language, could be secured with our volunteer regiments; and if the Governors of States would appoint them to the higher positions, or if they could be elected to fill vacancies, I feel confident they would contribute greatly to the efficiency of the Army.

I am, sir, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. B. MARCY,

Chief of Staff.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, December 6, 1861.

JOHN W. BUTLER, Milton, Fla.:

SIR: Upon the statement made by you and as certified by loyal men of Florida, this Department is willing to authorize the organization of a regiment of infantry in Florida, to be composed of citizens thereof, provided this letter of authority shall be first duly approved by the officer in command of the U. S. forces in Florida. The organization to be made in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Army pertaining to the volunteer system. All supplies to be furnished through requisitions upon regular departments of the United States.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., December 7, 1861.

T. A. SCOTT:

There are 4,100 men in Camp Curtin in a demoralized condition. Issue an order to the Governor by telegraph to concentrate these men into regiments, and order them to march during next week to such points as Major-General McClellan may direct.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, December 9, 1861.

TO THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES:

I transmit herewith a report from the Secretary of State in reply to the resolution of the House of the 4th instant relative to the intervention of certain European powers in the affairs of Mexico.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

[Inclosure.]

DEPARTMENT OF STATE,

Washington, December 9, 1861.

The PRESIDENT:

The Secretary of State, to whom was referred the resolution of the House of Representatives of the 4th instant requesting the President

