
with minimum numbers, could be sent forward immediately and recharts follow as enlisted. Please have them here by Wednesday evening next. All other men in camp should be organized into regiments and be forwarded at same time. Let me know what cam be relied upon. If you have regiments at other points, please prepare them immediately for marching orders. Has Wynkoop's cavalry gone to Kentucky?

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, December 9, 1861.

Lieutenant Gov. B. G. NOBLE,

Madison, Wis.:

Please send the Ninth, Twelfth, and Thirteenth Regiments to Fort Leavenworth to report to Major-General Hunter. Arms are ordered there for them.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 10, 1861.

Honorable HENRY WILSON,

Chairman Comittee on Military Affairs and the Militia,

U. S. Senate:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this day, inclosing a joint resolution directing the Secretary of War to accept and equip certain mounted regiments, referred to your committee, and requesting the opinion of this Department as to the necessity and property of the passage of the resultation. In reply, I have respectfully to inform the committee that a larger force of cavalry has already been received into the service than its necessities demand. Should a larger number of cavalry be required in the Department of the West, it can immediately be dispatched from other points without the delay and expense incident to the mounting and equipping new regiments.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

STATE OF MAINE EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Augusta, December 10, 1861.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

SIR: The Maine cavalry regiment is now ready to march, and I will thank you to advise me when and how it shall go. The Thirteenth, Fourteenth, and Fifteenth Regiments of Infantry are nearly ready; will be quite so in one, two, and three weeks, and by the latter time four companies of light artillery will also be ready to move. Will you inform me whether these regiments and companies shall be sent forward as soon as they are ready, and to what place?

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. WASHBURN, JR.

