
ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Detroit, Mich., December 10, 1861.

Regiments and companies organized and in process of organization now in the State:

Tenth Regiment Infantry, Colonel Charles M. Lum, 661 men reported in camp.

Twelfth Regiment Infantry, Colonel Frank Quinn, 805 men.

Thirteenth Regiment Infantry, Colonel Charles E. Stuart, 708 men.

Fourteenth Regiment Infantry, Colonel Robert P. Sinclair, no report.

Fifteenth Regiment Infantry, Captain John McDermott commanding, 292 men.

First Regiment Engineers and Mechanics, Colonel William P. Innes, 1,000 men, under marching orders for Kentucky.

Lancer Regiment, Colonel Arthur Rankin, 500 men at last report.

Artillery company attached to Engineers and Mechanics' Regiment, 45 men.

Artillery company attached to Second Cavalry Regiment, 110 men.

Artillery company attached to Third Cavalry Regiment, 80 men.

Artillery company, Captain Lanphere, Coldwater, no report.

Artillery company, Captain Andrew, Coldwater, no report.

Sharpshooters company, Captain Dygert, Detroit, no report.

JNO. ROBERTSON,

Adjutant-General Michigan.

HARRISBURG, PA., December 10, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch received. General James has, in four organizations, 1,500 men, and not 2,000, as you say. He is not here, but will be at noon, when I will order him, as requested, to take the men to Washington. Wynkoop has not received all his arms. He is prepared to march as soon as they are received. I understand him to say he communicated that to you on Saturday. Gregory and Rush are ready at Philadelphia, and we have two here which will be sent forward, as you request. The veal orders you gave when here came to me so much confused that I will be obliged if you will put them in writing, and I will execute them.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

HARRISBURG, PA., December 10, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

General McCalla [McAllen?] is here. If your order to bring his regiment here is executed, he cannot enlist it. If he remains at Chambersburg, he can, in my judgment. It involves the question whether the regiment is raised or not. Please answer immediately.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

