
bays or inlets 1,200 to 1,500 men, making the total number of vessels purchased twenty-six. I have chartered five large steamers, all under eight feet draft, and vie sailing vessels of heavier draft, for carrying troops on their upper decks and supplies in their held. These large sailing vessels I propose to use as follows: Anchor them outside the bar, and lighter the troops and stores from them on to the other vessels. The fleet will carry 15,000 troops, with baggage, camp equipage, &amp;c., and 600,000 rations at sea, and the light-draft vessels, after entering the bays or inlets, are capable of carrying the entire 15,000, enabling us to discharge the five heavier-draft sailing vessels. I have besides chartered sailing vessels of light draft for carrying building material, bridges, rafts, scows, entrenching implements, quartermaster's stores, tools, &c., extra ordnance stores, &c., all of which are to rendezvous at Fort Monroe to await my orders. I have also sent forward some 200,000 rations and have arranged to have 5,000 tons of coal n vessels at anchor off Fort Monroe. Some are there now, and all will be there within two or three days. These I propose, with the general's permission, to dispatch with sealed orders a sufficient length of time in advance of the command to arrive at the point of destination at about the same time as the fleet. The vessels are now being dispatched rapidly and I hope by Saturday night to have started every vessel, when I shall myself leave for Washington and report in person to the general more in detail, particularly in reference to my provision for land and railroad transportation. There has necessarily been great delay in the organization of this expedition, which has been excessively mortifying to me, but I am conscious of having exerted myself to the best of my ability, and hope my work my meet the approval of the general.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Brigadier-General.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., December 12, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

I have the 10,000 infantry and 5,500 cavalry in camp totally unarmed. Have an agent examining all arms in hands of Illinois troops. They are miserably armed. Can you not send me several thousand good arms? I am ready to consolidate as fast as we can get arms. Do so and very much oblige,

Your friend,

RICHARD YATES,

Governor of Illinois.

STATE OF MAINE, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Augusta, December 12, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to submit herewith the report of the adjutant-general of this State concerning the number and condition of the volunteer troops raised in the State of Maine for the service of the United States.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

I. WASHBURN, JR.

