
again undertake it if success is found not to insure their positions. I am informed that you have given an order to bring the regiments at Philadelphia here. I will cost $9,500 to transport those likely to fill, and will stop their increase.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

December 13, 1861.

H. S. SANFORD, Esq.,

U. S. Minister, &amp;c.:

SIR: Your several favors by the hands of your secretary, Judge Goodrich, have been received. I thank you for your efforts in securing the cloth you refer to for the United States, but have to inform you that it will not be needed, as the contracts already made by the Quartermaster-General will yield a sufficiency for all our present wants. It would, nevertheless, be well, if in your power, to keep in view, and keep this Department advised of any movements that my take place in regard to it, that we may, if possible, prevent its falling into the hands of agents of the rebellious States, and if shipped for such destination, counteract the possibility of its reaching there. By request of this Department, the Secretary of the Treasury will place $1,000,000 to your credit with Baring Bros. & Co.on account of the purchase of arms. A contract was some time since made with Philo D. Mickles and John F. Hopkins to deliver in New York 60,000 new guns, at $7.65 each, if they are found suitable for our purpose. That contract has recently been changed by transfer to H. Hall, of New York, whose agent, Gustavus Smith, esq., will visit Europe to complete the negotiation. These guns you are requested to receive after inspection by Inspector Wright, and you will pay for them after their delivery on board the vessels to bring them to the United States, and after the bills of lading, policies of insurance and freight bills paid are in your possession. The balance of credits then available you are requested to use in payment for guns to be furnished by Boker & Co.on their contract, and have them delivered as speedily as possible. On the completion of their several contracts for arms, enough will have been received to meet the present wants of the service, and no more foreign guns will be taken, as our own manufactories, we believe, will be able to furnish an ample supply of first-class arms.

Very respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 13, 1861.

GEORGE H. STUART, Esq.,

Chairman Christian Commission, Philadelphia, Pa.:

SIR: This Department approves the object of the Christian Commission, as set forth in the circular announcing their appointment by a convention of the delegates of the Young Men's Christian Association, held in the city of New York, November 14 and 15, 1861. This Department is deeply interested in the 'spiritual good of the soldiers in our Army," as well as in "their intellectual improvement and social and physical comfort," and will cheerfully give its aid to the benevolent and patriotic

