
WAR DEPARTMENT,

December 16, 1861.

His Excellency RICHARD YATES,

Springfield, Ill..

SIR: I have the honor to make known to you that the Quartermaster-General has been instructed to bring the expenditures of the Quartermaster's Department into the hand of its officers as soon as possible. Captain A. R. Eddy, assistant quartermaster, U. S. Army, who is stationed at Springfield, is charged with the duty of attending to all such expenditures, and will hereafter make all contracts pertaining thereto.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

COMMONWEALTH OF MASSACHUSETTS, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Boston, December 16, 1861.

General TOTTEN,

Chief of Engineer Bureau, &amp;c., Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I beg to the allowed to remind you of the request I had the honor to prefer when I last saw you in Washington for a brief statement of your views and advice on the subject of our coast defense. I must deliver a message to the Legislature on the 1st of January, and I desire to submit to that body whatever may be of assistance to it on this subject.

I am, sir, with high respect, yours, obediently,

JOHN A. ANDREW.

IN THE SENATE OF THE UNITED STATES,

December 17, 1861.

Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to inform the Senate what, if any authority was conferred upon the Provisional Governor or other authorities of Missouri to enroll, organize, arm, equip, support, and pay the volunteer militia of that State; when and by whom was such authority conferred; how many militia were thus authorized to be raised; how to be organized and officered; when, where, and how to be employed, and in what manner to be paid.

Attest:

J. W. FORNEY,

Secretary.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 17, 1861.

Honorable HENRY WILSON,

Chairman Committee on Militia Affairs:

SIR: In answer to your communication of the 11th instant, inclosing Senate bill Numbers 95, "to provide for the comfort of discharged and disabled persons in the military service of the United States," I have the honor to inclose to you a report of the Surgeon-General, to whom it was referred, from whose views, as expressed therein, you will perceive that no absolute necessity exists for any other provision being made to effect

