
The exposed situation of this State by sea and lake renders our citizens apprehensive of danger on the least appearance of it. The recent affair of the Trent and the possible consequences growing out of it has caused much solicitude in the city of New York, especially in commercial circles, along the borders of the lakes, and at points where it as thought canals might be damaged and sources of supplies of water could be cut off. I earnestly desire to co-operate with you in taking such immediate preliminary steps as shall reassure all classes and give them to feel that no time will be lost nor means spared by the authorities to protect the interests of the citizens.

The Honorable William A. Dart, U. S. district attorney of the northern district of New York, will present this letter to you, and will confer personally with you on the subject. Be pleased to give him such information as will enable me to take early action in relation to the subject.

I have the honor to be, with high regard, your obedient servant,

E. D. MORGAN.

EXECUTIVE CHAMBER,

Harrisburg, Pa., December 18, 1861.

General JOSEPH G. TOTTEN,

Chief of Engineer Department:

DEAR SIR: You will place me under very great obligations by immediately forwarding me copies of such reports as you may have in your department that gives the present state of the defenses of the river Delaware and of the harbor of Erie, and that indicate the work necessary to be done for the proper protection of the city of Philadelphia and the lake shore in the neighborhood of the city of Erie.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. CURTIN.

HARRISBURG, PA., December 19, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

I fear it will be impossible for me to see you on Monday, as I wish Mr. Meredith to accompany me. I will come some time during next week with him, and will telegraph a day or two in advance. Wynkoop has gone and two regiments will leave for Romney to- morrow.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 20, 1861.

Hons. DAVID DAVIS, JOSEPH HOLT, HUGH CAMPBELL,

Commissioners, &amp;c., Saint Louis, Mo.:

GENTLEMEN: Yours of the 17th has been duly received. The circular heretofore issued in relation to freight rates for railroad transportation for the Government was only designed to fix a maximum, beyond which no road would be allowed to charge. Where, however, the rates of charges on any road were below those fixed in the circular referred to the rates on such road were not thereby raised or changed. No company is to be allowed to charge the Government more than they

