
perhaps much within that limit. But there is one point on the Massachusetts coast not named above that iis a very important one, though never occupied militarily by us, namely, Provincetown Harbor. Unless there be some batteries here an enemy's squadron blockading this point of the coast will be sure to make it a point of rendezvous and to seek shelter there in bad weather. To say nothing of local interests it will be of great advantage to interdict any such use of this port, and the requisite batteries should therefore be provided. These, with only a spares population to sustain them, must have a certain power of their own, and will be more costly as being larger and stronger than those placed in populous districts. I think a considerable portion of the sum stated above may be needed at these places.

The substance of the above remarks is, therefore, that for the sum of $200,000, probably less, batteries may in a very short time, when the earth is not frozen, be constructed and made ready to receive guns. At Marblehead for, say, twenty heavy guns; at Salem for, say, twenty heavy guns; at Gloucester for, say, twenty heavy guns, and some small batteries at any other points that may be deemed to require protection. At Provincetown the works may require some internal defenses, such as block-houses, and will need at least as many as twenty guns. This particular point I shall likewise submit to able hands for immediate examination and report.

I turn now to the harbor of New Bedford. Here is a small battery remaining from the war of 1812 capable of mounting seven guns, of which those acting on the channel will be 8-inch columbiads. It was put in condition to mount its armament some years ago and will now receive any repairs that may be necessary.

On Clark's Point we are now building a strong casemated battery for fifty-three guns, and hope by midsummer to be prepared to mount all its casemate tier, namely, twenty-four 8-inch guns. Measures have been adopted for getting ready a large amount of material this winter, so that at the very earliest day of spring the construction may advance with great rapidity.

Pending the unpreparedness for guns at this new fort temporary arrangements have been made for a few guns just at hand which are now mounted and guarded, and exercised by a portion of the State. House Guard here in garrison. Another casemated battery is projected for this harbor, namely, on Egg Island Shoal, for thirty-seven guns of the heaviest calibers, to be commenced I trust at an early day.

Coming finally to Boston Harbor, I am happy to state that a great deal has already been done done for its defense by way of fortifications. Important additions are, however, still to be made.

First, then, is Fort Warren, on Gorges' Island, a very noble fort, capacious, strong, and efficient. Its armament will consist of 242 pieces of heavy ordnance, mostly designed to be of the very largest caliber. For most of these guns there is at this moment entire readiness, and the little that remains to do regarding efficiency will be accomplished this winter or early in the coming spring.

Second. There is Fort Independence, on Castle Island. This fort is in a like state of preparation for its armament, consisting of 130 pieces of heavy ordnance. A little that remains to be done on some of the gun platforms will be finished early in the year.

Third. Fort Winthrop and batteries on Governor's Island. The fort just named is prepared for its sixteen heavy guns, the northwest battery for nine heavy guns, the southeast battery for seven heavy guns,

48 R R-SERIES III, VOL I

