
earliest possible attention and forward to him at once the information promised him.

I have the honor to remain, your most obedient servant,

HARRISON RITCHIE,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Albany, N. Y., December 21, 1861.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General of the Army:

GENERAL: I am directed by His Excellency Governor Morgan to address you on the subject of the defenses of the forts in the vicinity of New York and on our northern frontier. What is most to be apprehended on our part, should a war occur with England, is want of preparation at the outset. Should the first blow be delivered before a declaration of war against us, it would only be a repetition of what occurred in the case of Denmark. The possibility of a similar course being pursued with us renders the question of protecting our sea-ports and frontiers one of first importance, and the propriety of at once placing garrisons in the forts about New York and on the lakes is respectfully submitted for the consideration of the War Department. For such a purpose a portion of the volunteer force now organizing in this State could be used, selecting artillery organizations as far as possible. Beyond this, it may be of importance to the War Department to know that for offensive operations New York stands prepared, if required, to furnish a force equal to her resources and the loyalty of her citizens, only asking that her efforts may be made doubly effective by timely action on the part of the General Government.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. HILLHOUSE,

Adjutant-General.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, December 21, 1861.

Colonel THOMAS A. SCOTT:

Our State agent, Colonel Wolcott, telegraphs me there are 3,000 long Enfields in New York he can get at $22 or $23, but good limit is $20. Let me pray you to order him immediately to buy the arms at the rate he says they can be got for Ohio. We have regiments ready to march but for want of arms. General Buell wants them. Don't let them be delayed for the small difference in the price of these Enfields. Answer quickly.

WM. DENNISON,

Governor of Ohio.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, December 21, 1861.

Governor DENNISON,

Columbus, Ohio:

We cannot change the Government limit without making a precedent that will cost the Government hundreds of thousands of dollars. I am sure you do not wish us to do all that. We have guns coming in sufficient quantity to meet all our wants.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

