
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 23, 1861.

SIR: Large numbers of foreign officers of military education and experience have tendered their services to the Government, which has to the extent of its ability availed itself of their offers. Many, however, yet remain unemployed, and this Department, deeming it of great importance that their services should be secured to our volunteer forces, respectfully recommends that when practicable they be selected for regimental positions for which they may appear to be qualified. The Department is confident that their employment would tend to increase the efficiency of our volunteer forces by giving to inexperienced officers competent instructors and to regiments able and skillful commanders.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

(To the Governors of Maine, New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Iow, Wisconsin, and Minnesota.)

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington861.

Honorable H. S. SANFORD, U. S.gium:

SIR: It is very desirable that all the guns contracted for the Europe should be sent to us as soon as possible. We need them to complete the arming of our forces and to provide for renewal. I therefore request that you will use all diligence in having those arms forwarded. Advise Boker &amp; Co. that the guns to be furnished by them will be expected without delay. We have ceased giving orders for foreign guns.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 336. Washington, December 23, 1861.

1. The regiments of infantry and batteries of artillery (volunteers) now organized in new England will report to Major General B. F. Butler, who will proceed to their several places of destination and thoroughly inspect them.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., December 23, 1861.

Colonel T. A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War:

All ready to leave, but no arms. Governor not willing to let us leave State without them, as act of Assembly forbids. Can arms be sent here?

J. Y. JAMES.

