
its volunteers. If I have correctly apprehended its object, not only will the mode proposed by General Orders, Numbers 105, be likely to be unsuccessful in obtaining the class of men of which our regiments are now composed, but it will be likely, in no inconsiderable degree, to touch the pride of the State. While I am willing to make any personal sacrifice in any manner consistent with my official duties to aid the efforts of the Government in putting down the rebellion, I beg to respectfully request that so much of the order as interferes with the duties hitherto performed by the respective Governors be rescinded.

I have the honor to be, your most obedient servant,

E. D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, December 25, 1861.

GOVERNOR OF MAINE,

Augusta, Me.:

Please go on with the organization of your troops as usual, but do not let any more leave the State until otherwise ordered.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, December 25, 1861.

Governor CURTIN,

Harrisburg:

Please assign to Colonel Murray's and Colonel Lewis' regiments enough of men to fill the regiments to maximum standard and forward them direct to Williamsport. Matters of much importance rest upon the speedy compliance with this request and the placing of those regiments as originally ordered by the commander-in- chief. Please advise immediately when this can be done. The arms are at Williamsport.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

December 26, 1861.

General MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General U. S. Army:

SIR: We hear that horses are still being purchased at Detroit and other places for the Government. The Secretary specially desires that no more animals be purchased until all now belonging to the Government are in active service. Please instruct all parties having authority to purchase to conform to this order.

Respectfully,

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 26, 1861.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

SIR: On the subject of your letter of the 24th instant, just received I have the honor the lowest point at which the water approach

