
to Philadelphia is defensible is the Pea Patch Island. On this island a powerful fort (Fort Delaware) has been constructed, and is now ready to receive its entire armament of 135 large guns. There is nothing to hinder these guns being of the largest calibers that are in use. Fort Mifflin, near the city, if likewise prepared to receive its entire armament of forty-seven guns of large caliber, such repairs and renovations as were required for this purpose having been executed during the past season. The most important step now remaining to be taken is to construct a fort opposite Fort Delaware on the Delaware shore. For the commencement of this fort application has just been made to Congress for an appropriation of $200,000. A temporary work should be thrown up opposite these on the Jersey shore at the commencement of hostilities with a maritime power. This temporary work can be got ready for armament, in the event of its construction being required by the state of political affairs, as soon as guns can be furnished for it.

Finally, floating obstructions to be placed at the last moment are designed to serv the purpose of closing the passages and holding vessels-of-war under the fire of these forts and batteries. A copy of this letter will be sent from this office to the Board of Trade of Philadelphia in reply to their communications of 26th of November to the President, received with your letter.

Very, &amp;c.,

JOS. G. TOTTEN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Colonel of Engineers.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, December 26, 1861.

Captain ALFRED GIBBS, U. S. Army,

Detroit, Mich.:

Proceed with two companies to Fort Brady, Sault Sainte Marie, to guard the locks of the canal. Arms and two field pieces will be sent you immediately.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, December 26, 1861.

His Excellency EDWIN D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 24th instant, upon the subject of General Orders, Numbers 105, dated the 3rd of the present month. This order is based upon the fact that the volunteer force of 500,000 men, authorized by Congress, has already been raised. The authority granted by Congress having been thus exhausted, it is now the desire of this Department as expressed in the order in question, first, not to accept any more troops except upon special requisition; second, either to complete the organizations now in process of formation under proper authority in the various States or to transfer the men already raised to regiments in the field, in order to fill them up to the maximum standard; third, to organize a system of recruiting, with a view of keeping the various regiments full and of saving the great expense which necessarily exists under present arrangements. By consolidating regiments that are not full the Department will be able

