
being placed under the command of foreigners, of whom they know nothing, and who have no interests in common with them, and would in almost all cases prefers to enter the service under citizens of this State, who, if not thoroughly acquainted with military duties, can learn them, and will at least feel some personal responsibility for the care of the men under their command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALEX. W. RANDALL.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 111. Washington, December 30, 1861.

The following acts of Congress are published for the information of the Army:

I. AN ACT relative to courter-martial in the Army.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That in time of war the commander of a division or separate brigade may appoint general courts-martial, and confirm, execute, pardon, and mitigate their sentences, as allowed and restrained in the sixty- fifth and eighty-ninth Articles of War to commanders of armies and departments: Provided, That sentences of such courts, extending to loss of life, or dismission of a commissioned officer, shall require the confirmation of the general commanding the army in the field to which the division or brigade belongs: And provided further, That when the division or brigade commander shall be the accuser or prosecutor, the court shall be appointed by the next higher commander.

Approved, December 24, 1861.

II. AN ACT to provide for allotment certificates among the volunteer forces.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the President of the United States shall appoint, for each State having volunteers in the U. S. service, not exceeding three persons, who shall be authorized by the President's commission to visit the several departments of the army in which volunteers from their respective States may be, and there procure from said volunteers from time to time their respective allotments of their pay to their families or friends, duly certified in writing, and by them, or by some commissioned officer of such department, attested in pursuance of such orders as may be made for that purpose by the Secretary of War, and upon which certified allotment the several paymasters shall, at each regular payment to troops, give drafts payable in the city of New York to the order of such persons to whom said allotments were or may be made.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That the persons appointed as commissioners to carry into effect the preceding section of this act shall receive no pay or emoluments whatever from the Treasury of the United States.

SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That the fifth section of the act of twelfth June, eighteen hundred and fifty-eight, giving sutlers a lien upon the soldiers' pay, be, and the same is hereby, repealed; and all regulations giving sutlers rights and privileges beyond the Rules and Articles of War be, and the same are hereby, abrogated.

Approved, December 24, 1861.

