
III. The following are the Rules and Articles of War which refer to sutlers:

ART. 29. No sutler shall be permitted to sell any kind of liquors or victuals, or to keep their houses or shops open for the entertainment of soldiers, after nine at night, or before the beating of the reveille, or upon Sundays during divine service or sermon, on the penalty of being dismissed from all future sutling.

ART. 30. All officers commanding in the field, forts, barracks, or garrisons of the United States, are hereby required to see that the persons permitted to scuttle shall supply the soldiers with good and wholesome provisions, or other articles, at a reasonable price, as they shall be answerable for their neglect.

ART. 31. No officer commanding in any of the garrisons, forts, or barracks of the United States, shall exact exorbitant prices for houses or stalls, let out to sutlers, or connive at the like exactions in others; nor by his own authority, and for his private advantage, lay any duty or imposition upon, or be interested in, the sale of any victuals, liquors, or others necessaries of life brought into the garrison, fort, or barracks, for the use of the soldiers, on the penalty of being discharged from the service.

ART. 60. All sutlers, and retainers to the camp, and all persons whatsoever, serving in the armies of the United States in the field, though not enlisted soldiers, are to be subject to orders, according to the rules and discipline of war.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK, December 30, 1861.

Honorable THOMAS A. SCOTT:

There is much excitement in the stock board this morning. All stocks have risen. New York Central Railroad sold at 801/2, Pacific Mail 95. Government stocks are firmer. Specie is nominally 1/2 to 1 per cent. premium.

Respectfully,

E. S. SANFORD.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, December 30, 1861.

Captain A. GIBBS,

Third Cavalry, Detroit, Mich.:

Your order to go from Detroit is countermanded. Tell Colonel Backus his order to put a regiment of volunteers in Fort Brady is revoked.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Trenton, N. J. December 30, 1861.

Honorable ABRAHAM LINCOLN,

President of the United States:

SIR: On two or three different occasions I have addressed communications to the Secretaries of War and of the Navy representing the

