
consist of at least three 10-inch guns, three 8-inch, ten 32- pounders, sixteen; and thirteen mortars, howitzers, and field guns-twenty-nine.

We are now arrived at Lake Ontario, where our superiority in tonnage, if it exists at all, is not great. Into this lake, moreover, the English can bring, even from their own home ports, any number of small vessels-of-war, gun-boats and the smaller war steamers, for instance. These, on the opening of the river, can, through existing channels, be forces into the lake with probably quite as much rapidity as we could build, equip, and arm a like force should the contest be allowed to take that form. On this point I have some remarks to make further on. But however the question of naval supremacy on the lake may be solved, it is indispensable to protect by defenses certain places of importance. First in geographical order is the town of Rochester. The defense here must be by field-works erected at or near the mount of the river, eight miles (about) below the town. A site, perhaps more than one, should be selected at an early day, proper works planned, and the requisite preparations made for the construction of the fortifications at the most rapid rate after they shall have been decided to be necessary, all the armament indicated by the plan being prepared and forwarded to reach the spot before the batteries are finished. An estimate of the cost of these works must now, without local examination, be deserving of little confidence; nevertheless, as it may in some sort fix ideas, I venture to set the sum of $75,000, independent of the cost of the armament, of which fifteen to twenty-five pieces may be needed, a portion being of heavy calibers and the longest ranges.

Next comes Oswego, lying upon the lake shore like Buffalo, and liable with its shipping to be destroyed by war vessels firing from the lake. Here there is Fort Ontario, a fort of the period of the Revolution, extensively repaired about twenty years ago, but now again demanding large repairs, of which, however, it is worthy from its position, plan, and capacity. Some collateral redoubts and batteries may be needed and may be quickly thrown up. The work required to give this fort the permanent character that must belong to it will involve an expenditure of probably $150,000, which sum has been asked of Congress. Considerable improvement is, moreover, needed in its armament by the adding and substituting for smaller guns of large caliber. The armament will be eight 10-inch guns, five 8-inch guns, seven 32-pounders, ten 24-pounders, thirty; and ten mortars and field guns-forty pieces. In the meantime steps will be taken to keep the fort in a state of efficiency. Sodus Bay, with an entrance of twelve feet water (formerly at any rate), may become during a war a harbor of refuge and possibly of building and outfit of war vessels. Its entrance should, therefore, be defended by field-works, of which the cost independent of armament, may be roughly estimated at $50,000, and for which ten to twenty guns should be provided, including some of long range.

Sackett's Harbor-heretofore the point of naval construction and outfit, and where now stands housed an unfinished line-of-battle- sihp, with some other naval property, has no defenses. There are pretty extensive barracks, needing probably considerable repairs. A railroad leads up to this harbor from the interior of the State, insuring the quick arrival of supplies and re- enforcements. Should this place again become the seat of great naval constructions and preparations, as in the war of 1812, it will demand considerable expenditures in the way of field fortifications; not less, probably, than $150,000, with a large

