
Affairs of the House? Accompanying I submit for your information a copy of the bill* for the above-mentioned and other objects as the same has been referred to the Committee on Military Affairs. In connection with this subject, may I so far trouble you as to ask to be informed what number of guns it is intended to mount on the various harbor defenses in and around New York Harbor and on the East River, as well as the number of guns for the protection of Boston and its vicinity? If it will not incommode you, I will esteem if as a particular favor to receive your answer to-day.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

A. J. PLEASONTON,

Chairman of the Joint Select Committees of the Councils and of the Board of Trade of the City of Philadelphia.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,

Washington, January 3, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In response to the communication of the Governor of New Jersey to the President, dated 30th of December, 1861, on the subject of the defenses of the Delaware River, referred to this office by the War Department for report, I cannot do better than to communicate the substance of a letter I had the honor to address to the Secretary of War on the 26th of December, 1861, as follows.#

It is to be understood that in the above expression "floating obstructions" is meant to be included floating batteries, steam- rams, gun-boats, &c., as well as physical impediments. Besides the forts and armament here specified, there should be due preparation of soldiers for manning and serving the guns when they are ready. A minimum apportionment for this purpose would be five men for each gun.

On this subject I subjoin views which I have expressed several times before, recently and also a number of years ago.##

I have the honor, &c.,

JOS. G. TOTTEN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Colonel of Engineers.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,

Washington, January 3, 1862.

A. J. PLEASONTON, Esq.,

Chairman, &c., Willard's Hotel, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have just received your letter of 2nd instant, and hasten to reply. The construction of suitable works of defense for the harbor of refuge made by the Delaware Breakwater, in Delaware Bay, is fully approved by this department. The sum of $150,000 is a suitable and moderate amount to be appropriated as soon as possible for the commencement of such defenses. The defensive works now complete or under construction for the protection of New York, including the inner harbor, the approach by Long Island Sound, the approach by the Narrows, and the anchorage near Sandy Hook, are ready to mount about 1,000 guns. The number will be increased as further progress may be made.

---------------

*Omitted.

#See p. 759.

##See quotation on p. 770.

---------------

