
The defenses of Boston Harbor are now ready to receive 330 guns. The number will probably be increased by spring to 430, and further as labors shall progress.

I have, &amp;c.,

JOS. G. TOTTEN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Colonel of Engineers.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, January 3, 1862.

His Excellency GOVERNOR OF MAINE:

GOVERNOR: The Secretary of War requests that you will forward to this office at your earliest convenience a return of the two- years' and three-years' regiments and independent companies of volunteers furnished, up to this date, under the authority of your State, setting forth the strength of each regiment or independent company and the respective arms to which they belonged when transferred to the General Government. He further desires that you will forward a similar return (or as complete a one as it may be in your power to render) of all two and three years' volunteer troops raised within the limits of your State upon what has been termed independent acceptances. He also requests that you will report the number of regiments or independent companies now organizing in your State, the present strength thereof, and the time at which they will probably be completed and ready to take the field.

I am, Governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

(Same to Governors of New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, Ohio, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, Illinois Wisconsin, Iowa, Missouri, Kansas, Kentucky, Oregon, and California.*)

WAR DEPARTMENT,

January 3, 1862.

His Excellency Governor A. G. CURTIN,

Harrisburg, Pa.:

GOVERNOR: I beg to remind Your Excellency of the great desire of this Department to have all the troops now in Pennsylvania put into the field without delay, and especially to have the cavalry consolidated and concentrated at once without any further increase.

With great respect, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL' OFFICE,

Washington, January 4, 1862.

Major General B. F. BUTLER, U. S. Service,

Boston, Mass.:

The General-in-Chief says remain where you are for the present.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

---------------

*Replies indicate that some of these letters were dated January 4.

---------------

