
The actual armament of Fort Constitution is one 32-pounder, twenty 24-pounders, four field pieces; total, 25 pieces.

Old fort McClary (Kittery) should have for its armament one 15- inch gun, eight 8-inch guns, four block-house howitzers, six mortars and field pieces; total, 19 pieces.

New Fort McClary, designed to occupy the same site, will be calculated for six 15-inch guns, eleven 10-inch guns, twenty- eight 8-inch guns, eight 32-pounders, six mortars, field pieces, &amp;c.; total, 59 pieces. The actual armament is four 32-pounders.

The new forts mentioned above, or, rather, the projected forts, will be commenced as soon as may be; but as such work cannot very speedily be got ready to receive guns, it will be indispensable, if a war be deemed to be at hand with a naval power, to add to the present forts by constructing temporary earthen batteries upon commanding positions, to be armed with numerous pieces of the heaviest calibers. The new forts mentioned may be well advanced and prepared to receive considerably more than the proper armament of the old ones before it will be necessary to break up the latter. In the meantime, the full armament of both old and new should be made ready, mounting in temporary works any overplus beyond what the permanent works may be ready for.

From the above statements it is obvious-

First. That the matter of supplying large guns to the existing batteries of Portsmouth Harbor is of pressing necessity.

Second. That a large reserve of such guns, amounting, with those now present and the proper armament of the old forts, to all that will be needed for the new forts, should be in readiness to be placed in temporary batteries if such be called for.

Third. That positions for temporary batteries be forthwith selected by examination of the ground, and such plans thereof made as will permit them to be properly laid out and promptly built. Such examinations have been ordered, and the extent of batteries that shall thereon be deemed necessary, with others required for other parts of the State, will be reported as soon as determined.

Fourth. In the probable absence of regular troops reliance must be had on local force to man the works, permanent and temporary, in this harbor, to which end there should be a particular organization of the local military, including a simple system of drill and practical instructions, with rigid rules as to accountability.

Fifth. And at the earliest day practicable in the coming year the permanent fortifications already planned should be commenced, to be pressed forward with all the rapidity consistent with a judicious expenditure.

The harbor of Portland comes next, proceeding northward. Fort Preble and Fort Scammel, the only forts here that are in readiness for service, were constructed before the war of 1812. As in Portsmouth Harbor, all that could well be added to the strength of the old forts has been applied.

The extent of this force in numbers for each distinct battery or fort may be estimated at a maximum of ten men per gun inclusive of non-commissioned officers.

Old Fort Preble originally held but eleven or twelve guns. It is now ready for thirty-six guns, viz: One 15-inch gun, thirty-four 10-inch guns, one 24-pounder, besides ten mortars and field pieces; total, 46 pieces.

Its present armament is one 8-inch sea-coast howitzer and twelve 24-pounders=13 guns.

