
as follows: Twenty-six 10-inch guns, thirty-six 8-inch guns, four 24-pounder howitzers, nine mortars and field pieces; total, 75 pieces.

At least half of the above number of guns (say forty pieces) should be deposited at some convenient place, in order to being mounted in temporary batteries if required before the completion of the fort. The position eastward next to be mentioned is at the Narrows of Penobscot, where Fort Knoxis situated. This is still in progress, but has now, and has had for a number of years, preparation for a large number of guns, bearing advantageously on the channel, namely, fifty-five of 10 and 8 inch calibers. The works will be pressed forward industriously, and may be ready to a considerable extent, next year, soon for all its armament, as follows: One 15-inch gun, thirteen 10-inch guns, eighty-six 8- inch, guns, fourteen 32 and 24 pounders, twenty flank howitzers, sixteen mortars and field pieces; total, 150 pieces.

In the first portions of this letter it was particularly noticed that it had been impossible to undertake the defense by permanent works at any other point on the coast of Maine than those that have been herein specified, these being what may be designated, from their relative value, the great points of the coast. Under any danger that may suddenly or soon threaten other places, among which are many of much local importance, there cannot be for a considerable time any other protection of this nature than such as may be quickly erected. This may, however, be enough, considering the force and energy that will be brought into action, provided there be at hand ready for use a liberal supply of heavy guns. It is unnecessary for me to specify points where this provision should be made-indeed, from imperfect local knowledge as to parts of the coast of Maine I should no doubt unduly magnify some positions and perhaps altogether omit others quite important. Thus I might name Eastport, Machias, Castine, Wiscassett, &amp;c., as points where the batteries formerly erected should be repaired and (perhaps) enlarged; but if limited to these, the enumeration would probably be partial and unjust and I do not know how far to extend it.

On this subject I beg to add, as the best advice I can give, that there should be at any harbor of importance enough to invite attack a deposit of from two to ten guns (according to importance and exposure), with every equipment and supply, all properly housed and put under due accountability, it being made a part of the military training of the local volunteers to keep these guns in perfect order, and to handle them, and exercise with them dilligently, including liberal target practice. To those who are well acquainted with the coast should be left the determination of the relative importance of these places and the assignment of their armament.

I may now close this letter with a recapitulation of the ordnance needed according to the within statements for the defense of the coast of Maine, including the harbor of Portsmouth. For the purpose of approaching the grand total of the armament for the whole coast of the State, I will suppose that there are, besides the points herein provided for, ten ports or harbors needing the protection of batteries and that these will require an average of five pieces each, making fifty pieces in all-say thirteen 10-inch guns, twelve 8-inch guns, thirteen 32-pounders, and twelve 24- pounders; total, 50.

Before adding the table of totals I will make the remark that rifled cannons are not mentioned therein because none have yet been adopted amongst large calibers. Experiments will soon probably decide as to the best, and then in certain places they will be substituted for guns now specified.

