
them. The proposition strikes me most favorably, and if you approve it also, nothing would remain necessary for it to be immediately initiated except the authority to garrison the forts in this harbor with militia, and the agreement to muster the regiment (when raised and equipped) into the U. S. service as militia, until an act of Congress shall enable it to assume an obligation to serve the United States for a term of years.

Captain Gordon is an officer who, I am informed, may confidently refer to Lieutenant-General Scott for assurance as to his capability and fidelity. He served during the Mexican war in the Mounted Rifles as lieutenant, and he is a graduate of West Point.

If you shall be inclined to sanction this proposition, will you be so kind as at your earliest convenience to issue the necessary orders respecting the forts, &amp;c., to enable me to carry it into effect?

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. ANDREW.

Two of our regiments will start this afternoon-one for Washington,the other for Fort Monroe; a third will be dispatched to-morrow, and the fourth before the end of the week.

[Indorsements.]

Will Lieutenant-General Scott read this letter, and return it with his advice on the subject referred to therein?

S. C.[AMERON].
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, Washington, April 30, 1861.

Lieutenant-General Scott does not think it necessary to occupy the forts in Massachusetts by volunteers, nor does he think favorably of the plan proposed within.

Respectfully submitted, by command:

E. D. TOWNSEND,Assistant Adjutant-General.

BOSTON, MASS., April 17, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War;

One regiment starts at 6 by rail for Washington; another to- night, half by propeller Spaulding, half by steamer State of Maine, from Fall River, both direct for Fort Monroe. Steamer State of Maine can take the whole up river to Washington if notified at Fort Monroe, if you [desire] that regiment in Washington. Another regiment starts to-morrow by rail for Washington, another within three days. Butler is brigadier. We work as fast as men can be properly equipped and moved.

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts.

BALTIMORE, April 17, 1861.

The PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES,

Washington:

SIR: From the conversation I had yesterday in Washington with the Secretary of War and with Lieutenant-General Scott, I understood that the four regiments of militia to be called for from Maryland were to be

