
The numbers of each regiment, as hereinbefore stated, are based upon the original muster-rolls of companies filed in this office at date of muster into U. S. service. These numbers doubtless differ from the actual force now in the field. I am now taking measures to obtain information in regard to the actual number in each regiment now in the field, of which when completed I will inform you. Measures are being taken to organize another infantry regiment under authority of the War Department, to be commanded by Captain J. W. Rankin.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General of Iowa.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Augusta, Me., January 13, 1862.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

SIR: I transmit you a letter addressed to me by the adjutant-general of this State, which will give you, I think, full answer to the questions contained in your letter of the 3rd instant. From these answers it will appear that the whole number of troops now in the service of the United States from the State of Maine is 16,006, and that 300 more soldiers have been enlisted in that service who have not yet been mustered, making an aggregate of 16,306. Of these 836 are mustered for two years and the residue for three years. I also inclose a statement from the adjutant- general, showing that the whole number of troops, including three-months' men, furnished by Maine to aid in suppressing the rebellion is 17,214.

Your obedient servant,

ISRAEL WASHBURN, JR.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.] ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Augusta, Me., January 11, 1862.

His Excellency ISRAEL WASHBURN, Jr.,

Governor and Commander-in-Chief:

I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt at your hands of Adjutant-General Thomas' letter of the 3rd instant, addressed to Your excellency, informing you that the Secretary of War requests that you will forward at your earliest convenience a return of the two and three years' regiments and independent companies of volunteers furnished up to this date under the authority of your State, setting forth the strength of each regiment or independent company, and the respective arms to which they belonged when transferred to the General Government. He further desires that you will forward a similar return, or as complete a one as it may be in your power to render, of all two or three years' volunteer troops raised within the limits of your State upon what has been termed "independent acceptances." He also requests that you will report the number of regiments or independent companies now organizing in your State, the present strength thereof, and the time at which they will probably be completed and ready to take the field. I respectfully submit for Your Excellency's information the accompanying statistics, condensed from the records of this department and from returns received from regiments and companies in U. S. service.

