
ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, January 15, 1862.

His Excellency Governor BRADFORD,

Governor of Maryland, Annapolis, Md.:

SIR: I have the honor to propose to Your Excellency the consolidation of some of the Maryland troops. There are at Baltimore some five or perhaps six companies of an infantry regiment raised by one John C. McConnel, and denominated the Third Maryland Regiment. There are at Williamsport and its vicinity three full companies, and a fourth partly organized, raised by General Lamon. At Hagerstown there is another company commanded by a Captain Welsh, and at Ellicott's Mills another, commanded by Captain McGowan. Two or three of these companies are not complete and would require to be consolidated. It is important for the interests of the service that these separate bodies should be consolidated into one regiment. There are also belonging to General Lamon's command and stationed in the neighborhood of Williamsport and Hancock four companies of cavalry commanded by Captains Russell, Zeller, Patterson, and Sahl, which it would be well to consolidate with the battalion of six companies now commanded by Lieutenant Colonel A. G. Miller. These last are at Baltimore. It is highly important that these companies should be brought into some regiment or battalion where they could receive competent instruction. This would be the case were the four companies of General Lamon's command consolidated with the present command of Lieutenant-Colonel Miller, an old regular officer of known ability and experience. Should these consolidations, as above suggested, meet your approval, an order will be given from this office to carry the same into effect.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Woodstock, Vt., January 15, 1862.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL OF THE ARMY,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: In accordance with the request of the Secretary of War, signified in your letter of January 3, 1862, directed to His Excellency the Governor of Vermont, I have the honor to submit the following statement of the present strength of the three- years' regiments and detached companies raised in Vermont, and in process of being raised, so far as the returns receive at this office indicate. No two-years' regiments have been raised in this State:

Arm of	 Aggrega	 Station.

service.	 te.

2nd Regiment	 Infantry	 999	 Camp Griffin,

Va.

3rd Regiment	 do	 901	 Do.

4th Regiment	 do	 1,030	 Do.

5th Regiment	 do	 978	 Do.

6th Regiment	 do	 974	 Do.

1st Regiment	 Cavalry	 967	 Annapolis, Md.

1st Company	 ---	 105	 Washington, D.

Sharpshooters	 	 	 C.

2nd Company	 ---	 100	 Do.

Sharpshooters

3rd Company	 ---	 98	 Do.

Sharpshooters

2nd Battery	 Light	 127	 Lowell, Mass.

artillery

Aggregate strength of regiments and detached companies heretofore mustered into U. S. service and now without this State, 6,278 men.

