
way-by sale or cause to be advanced to our State as a part of Georgia's quota of arms, &amp;c., for the coming year two sample sets of each of the following equipments, viz:

First. Equipments for riflemen, consisting of knapsack, cartridge-box, and abet, complete.

Second. Equipments for infantry, complete.

Third. Saber equipments, complete, including pouch for Colt revolvers. All of the latest and most approved styles and patterns adopted by the U. S. Army.

I dislike to trouble you with this small matter, but really I know of no other method of obtaining, with certainly as to kind, &c., samples or patterns of the equipments desired. I would prefer to purchase the articles to obtaining them otherwise, if I knew where they could be obtained. Be pleased to cause the sample sets, two of each, furnished me, in some way least troublesome to yourself, of the said equipments, and you will lay me under renewed obligations for your kindness.

I am, very sincerely, your obedient servant,

JOSEPH E. BROWN.

[First indorsement.]

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, December 1, 1860.

I respectfully report to the Secretary of War that such of the military equipments asked for as belong to this department can be furnished without inconvenience, viz: Two knapsacks, $5.56; two haversacks, 78 cents; and two canteens and straps, 92 cents.

J. E. JOHNSTON,

Quartermaster-General.

[Second indorsement.]

ORDNANCE OFFICE, December 1, 1860.

Respectfully returned, with the report that the State of Georgia, having drawn her full quotas, including that for 1861, cannot obtain the accouterments by issue, on that account, from the Government supply, nor can such articles as are wanted be sold by the Government.

There will be no difficulty, however, in Governor Brown's obtaining them, if he will write to Major W. A. Thornton, U. S. Arsenal, New York, and request him to purchase for the State two sets of infantry accouterments, complete; two saber-belts and plates, complete; two saber-knots, two holster pouches for Colt belt pistols; all of the lattest U. S. Army patterns.

I doubt not that Major Thornton will make the purchase for the Governor with pleasure.

WM. MAYNADIER,

Captain of Ordnance.

SPRINGFIELD, MASS., November 24, 1860.

Honorable J. B. FLOYD,

Secretary of War:

My DEAR SIR: Please allow me to address a line to you on a matter that deeply interests your State.

Having been engaged in the Springfield Armory for fifteen and privileges granted to foreign Governments and to some of our own States, as well as to private individuals, I desire the same favors granted to the State of Virginia.

