
posted and retained within the limits of this State for the defense of the United States Government, the maintenance of the Federal capital. I also understood it was the intention of the Union States Government not to require their services outside of Maryland except in defense of the District of Columbia. Will you do me the favor to state in reply in whether I am right in this understanding, so that in responding to the lawful demand of the United States Government I may be able to give effective and reliable aid for the support and defense of this Union?

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

THO. H. HICKS/

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 17, 1861.

His Excellency THOMAS H. HICKS,

Governor of Maryland:

SIR: The President has referred to me your communication of this date in relation to our conversation of the previous day, and I have the honor to say, in reply, that your statement of it is correct.

The troops called for from Maryland are destinated for the protection of the Federal capital and the public property of the Union States within the limits of the State of Maryland, and it is not intended to remove them beyond those limits except for the defense of this District.

I have the honor to be, yours, &amp;c.,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., April 17, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Will you receive more than six regiments from Indiana? I start you 1,000 men to-morrow.

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

[Indorsement.]

Reply: Want no more now.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., April 17, 1861.

Honorable ABRAHAM LINCOLN:

DEAR SIR: The Governor's call was published on yesterday and he has already received the tender of forty companies. In a day or two the six regiments will be full, but the Governor will continue to receive additional companies until further orders, provided that not more than double the number called for apply.

Reliable information from Union men in Saint Louis has been received here and civil war seems to be imminent, which ought to be averted by all means. The arsenal and the sub-treasury are the points most in danger. The Union men are not armed there. The State militia and municipal police are under the control of the secessionists. The best policy we can suggest-and, indeed, as far as we are concerned in Illinois it is the one indispensably necessary--is to require the commanding officer at the arsenal to furnish us 10,000 stand of arms and ammunition. The arms once in Illinois, we can supply the Union men in

