
EXECUTIVE CHAMBER,

Annapolis, Md., January 17, 1862.

Adjt. General L. THOMAS,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge receipt of your communication of the 15th instant, and cordially concur in the proposed consolidation of some of the Maryland troops stationed now at different points of the State. Colonel McConnell, to whom you refer as having raised some six companies, now under his command as Third Maryland Regiment, expressed a purpose to me some two or three days since of completing his command by adding to it some four companies from Pennsylvania who were ready, as he said, to unite with him, and although he represented it as a movement sanctioned by the War Department, it seemed to me of questionable propriety, and I should much prefer the arrangement you suggest, and hope you will notify him without delay of your purpose, that it may supersede the one he proposed.

I wrote to your Department a few days since requesting to be favored with copies of some of the general orders so that I might complete the collection here of all such orders for 1861. The missing orders, and with which I should like to be furnished, are from Nos. 1 to 15, inclusive, Numbers 61, Nos. 63 to 97, inclusive. May I ask you to supply me these at your earliest convenience?

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

A. W. BRADROD.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Saint Paul, Minn., January 17, 1862.

Adjt. General L. THOMAS,

Washington, D. C.:

SIR: Your letter of the 4th instant, addressed to the Governor of this State, has been delivered for answer to this office. Agreeable to your request to make a return of the two and three years' regiments, independent companies, and of all troops raised in this State upon what has been termed "independent company at the time they were furnished to the General Government, I hereby submit the following return:

No troops have been raised in this State upon what has been termed "independent acceptances." No regiments or companies have been organized in this State for two-years' service. Four regiments of light infantry have been furnished up to this date to the General Government to serve for three years, or during the war, the strength of the regiments at the time they were furnished to the General Government being, First Regiment Light Infantry, 1,023 troops; Second Regiment Light Infantry, 1,020 troops; Third Regiment Light Infantry, 910 troops; Fourth Regiment Light Infantry, 830 troops. The Fourth Regiment has since filled up to about 900 men. Of this regiment two companies are stationed at Fort Abercrombie, two companies at Fort Ridgely, one company at Fort Ripley, and five companies at Fort Snelling.

As it would perhaps be inconvenient, and certainly very expensive, to transport the Fourth Regiment at this season of the year to the seat of war, and as a fifth regiment of infantry now organizing and 185 men strong is confidently expected to be ready by the 1st of April, 1862, to

