
take the place of the Fourth Regiment in protecting our frontiers, it might be advisable to leave the Fourth Regiment within the limits of the State to perfect themselves in drill until the 1st of April, unless the emergencies of the public service should require the immediate removal of the Fourth Regiment to the field.

There have been furnished to the General Government also three companies of light cavalry of 95 men each at the time they were furnished; also, one battery of light artillery of 156 men; one company of sharpshooters of 92 men. There are now organizing in this State one battery of light artillery, containing now 68 men, and company of sharpshooters, numbering at present at present 90 men. Both the battery and the company of sharpshooters will be ready for the field in about two or three weeks.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

OSCAR MALMROS,

Adjutant-General State of Minnesota.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 4. Washington, January 18, 1862.

I. Under instructions from the Secretary of War, dated January 7, 1862, guidons and camp colors for the Army will be made like the United States flag, with stars and stripes.

II. Inspectors-general, while on their tours, will inspect the bands of all regiments, and discharge all men mustered therewith who are not musicians.

* * * *

By command of Major-General McClellan:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., January 18, 1862.

Colonel THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War:

Rev. Mr. Jaques says you authorized me to form a brigade from regiments in camp, and authorized General Buell to accept it. If this is so, I will form it at once and ask that Brigadier-General Palmer be assigned to the command. He will gladly accept it, and orders will reach him here.

RICHARD YATES,

Governor of Illinois.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

January 19, 1862.

Honorable RICHARD YATES,

Governor, Springfield, Ill.:

By request of Reverend Jaquess the matter was referred to General Buell by Adjutant-General Buell decides that it could not be done at present without serious interference with other arrangements.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary.

