
COMMITTEE ROOM, &amp;C.,

Washington, January 21, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I am instructed by the joint committed upon the present war to inquire of you whether there is such an office as commander- in-chief of the Army of the United States, or any grade above that of major-general. If so, by what authority is it created? Does it exist by virtue of any law of Congress, or any usage of the Government?

I remain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. WADE,

Chairman, &c.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Albany, N. Y., January 21, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General of the Army:

GENERAL: In answer to numerous applications to fill up regiments now in the field, I am instructed by His Excellency Governor Morgan to say that whilst he desires to meet every request of the Government with a prompt compliance, he is unable to act in this case through the ordinary means of recruiting, as General Orders, Numbers 105, places the recruiting service in this State beyond his control.

In regard to the force in this State not yet organized into regiments, it is wholly inadequate in numbers to fill the applications already on field in this department, and unless some provision can be made for at least a portion of the officers who have enlisted the companies and who have been duly appointed, it would be difficult, if not impossible, to transfer them.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THO. HILLHOUSE,

Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. OHIO MILITIA, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,Columbus, Ohio, January 21, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army:

SIR: Inclosed please find statement of the number and condition of the Ohio volunteer forces for January 21, 1862, as per order.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. P. BUCKINGHAM,

Adjutant-General of Ohio.

[Inclosure.]

Infantry regiments now in the field.

Regiment.	 Colonel.	 Location.

1st.	 Benjamin F. Smith.	 Kentucky.

2nd.	 L. A. Harris.	 Do.

3rd.	 L. H. Marrow.	 Do.

4th.	 John S. Mason.	 Virginia.

5th.	 Samuel H. Dunning.	 Do.

6th.	 W. K. Bosley.	 Kentucky.

7th.	 Erastus B. Tyler.	 Virginia.

8th.	 S. S. Carroll.	 Do.

