
Artillery batteries completed.

Command.	 Commander.	 Location.	 Number

of men.

Battery G, 1st	 Captain	 Camp Dennison.	 153

Regiment.	 Bartlett.

Battery I, 1st	 Captain Hyman.	 Do.	 116

Regiment.

Battery K, 1st	 Captain De	 Do.	 105

Regiment.	 Beck.

7th Independent	 Captain Burnap.	 Do.	 120

Battery.

10th Independent	 Captain	 Camp Lowe.	 113

Battery.	 Bardwell.

13th Independent	 Captain Myers.	 Camp Dennison.	 102

Battery.

14th Independent	 Captain	 Do.	 156

Battery.	 Burrows.

15th Independent	 Captain Spear.	 Do.	 104

Battery.

Artillery batteries now organizing.

8th Independent	 Captain	 Camp Tod.	 91

Battery.	 Markgraf.

12th Independent	 Captain King.	 ....	 ...

Battery.

[JANUARY 22, 1862.-For act of Congress authorizing the President to appint two additonal Assistant Secretaries of War, see Statutes at Large, Vol. 12, p. 332.]

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 6. Washington, January 23, 1862.

* * * *

II. Paragraph II of General Orders, Numbers 38, dated June 27, 1861, is hereby rescinded, and paragraph 211, Revised General Regulations, is modified to read as follows: Every military post may have one sutler, to be appointed by the Secretary of War on the recommendation of the council of administration, approved by the commanding officer.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, January 23, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In accordance with your instructions of the 20th instant I have devoted some time to the investigation of army transportation, and now desire to report progress.

The present system, as connected with the Quartermaster's Department for land movements by wagons, seems to be as good as any that can be devised, and I believe no change should be made, except to provide officers who are fully qualified to perform all the duties pertaining to their respective positions.

To effect this I would advise that all brigade quartermasters, regimental quartermasters, and post quartermasters connected with the entire forces, regulars and volunteers, shall be required to appear before a board of examiners, composed of three copetent persons, to be appointed by the Secretary of War, or, if directed by him, by the commanding general of each department. Those found incompetent should be removed and others appointed, after they shall have passed a satisfactory examination before the board referred to. Each of those officers should be required to take the oath of allegiance and give satisfactory bonds for the property intrusted to them. This being accomplished,

