
ORDNANCE OFFICE,

Washington, January 23, 1862.

Messrs. COOPER &amp; HEWITT,

Numbers 17 Burling Slip, New York:

Be pleased to make thirty 13-inch mortar beds with the utmost dispatch. State how soon, by telegraph, they can be got ready.

J. W. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.

NEW YORK, January 24, 1862.

General J. W. RIPLEY,

Chief of Ordnance Bureau, War Dept., Washington City, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: Your telegraphic dispatch was received late last evening. We have spent this morning in making the contracts for making the beds, thirty in number, and have ordered of the manufacturers all the materials required. Our contract with the iron-workers calls for the completion of two mortar beds daily, allowing eight days to begin the delivery after the plates and chord bars are received. We have ordered the chord bars of the Phoenix Iron Company, and the plates of Messrs. H. Abbot & Son, and have begged them to use all due diligence and personal effort to send the materials with dispatch.

If we are not disappointed in the receipt of the plates and chord bars, we hope to have the whole thirty beds done by the 1st day of March. Ten beds per week for three weeks in succession is a large product, but we expect to accomplish it. We think that these beds will cost about $100 each less than the cost of those made for the Navy Department. The experience gained in the execution of that order will save, therefore, about $3,000 on this order. As in the case of the Navy Department, we shall decline all compensation or profit in this business, being glad that our knowledge and position can in any way bu turned to account in the present crisis of our national existence. You may rely that the job will be well done and in an economical manner.

Very respectfully, your obedient servants,

COOPER, HEWITT & CO.

ORDNANCE OFFICE,

Washington, January 24, 1862.

Messrs. COOPER & HEWITT,

Burling Slip, New York:

GENTLEMEN: I have this day received your telegram announcing your willingness to procure for this department thirty 13-inch wrought-iron mortar beds. Accept my thanks for the prompt attention you have given this matter.

If it be possible to procure the materials and turn out beds before the time specified (two weeks) 1 trust you will be able to do so, for the demand for them is of the most immediate and urgent nature.

Respectfully, &c.,

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.

