
Saint Louis with them. It would be best to withdraw as many guns as possible from that arsenal, as it may ultimately be lost. We understand that about $200, 0000 is about to be sent to the sub- treasury there. It ought to be stopped and all the money not immediately wanted ought to be drawn out.

It is the opinion of some that perhaps it would be best to have a separate army of the West, consisting of some 20,000 men, and to be concentrated at Saint Louis or in the immediately neighborhood. This would save Missouri certainly, and in a military point of view embarrass the Southern Confederacy very much. If Federal troops can be spared, with a few guns, they ought to be sent instantly to Cairo, that point being considered the most important and commanding point of the West.

The Governor has already telegraphed for arms for our Illinois troops. They are needed immediately, and of course can be had most conveniently in Saint Louis. We are anxiously waiting for letters and instructions by mail. Our people burn with patriotism and all parties show the same alacrity to stand by the Government and the laws of the country. Illinois is a unit, and will be true to her formed reputation for courage and patriotism.

Please answer by messenger, Mr. Butler.

Very respectfully,

RICHD. YATES,

Governor.

LYMAN TRUMBULL.

GUSTAVUS KOERNER.

WILLIAM BUTLER,

State Treasurer.

JESSEE K. DUBOIS,

Auditor.

O. M. HATCH,

Secretary of State.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., April 17, 1861.

Honorable S. CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

A large number of companies have tendered services. Volunteers are assembling. Send requisitions for arms and accouterments.

RICHD. YATES,

Governor of Illinois.

NASHVILLE, TENN., April 17, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War;

SIR: Your dispatch of 15th instant, informating me that Tennessee is called upon for two regiments of militia for immediate service, is received. Tennessee will not furnish a single man for purpose of coercion, but 50,000, if necessary, for the defense of our rights and those of our Southern brethren.

ISHAM G. HARRIS,

Governor of Tennessee.

6 R R-SERIES III, VOL I

