
object, I have now to renew the request that you will put three regiments, as soon as they can be prepared for service, under the orders of General Sherman, who will indicate the place of rendezvous.

I am, Governor, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

(Telegram.)

WASHINGTON, August 28, 1861.

Governor ANDREW,

Boston:

Wardwell authorized to raise a regiment. Cameron to-day orders him to report to you, obeying your instructions. Copy of orders sent you. Secretary promises no more such ir regulators. This regiment in addition to five.

C. H. DALTON.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 28, 1861.

His Excellency Governor ANDREW, of Massachusetts,

Boston, Mass.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose herewith a copy of the Department's letter of this date to Colonel David K. Wardwell, of Boston.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES LESLEY, JR.,

Chief Clerk War Department.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 28, 1861.

Colonel DAVID K. WARDWELL,

Boston, Mass.:

SIR: You will report to His Excellency the Governor of Massachusetts, from whom you will receive instructions and orders in reference to the regiment which this Department has authorized you to raise.

By order of the Secretary of War:

JAMES LESLEY, JR.,

Chief Clerk War Department.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Boston, August 28, 1861.

Brigadier-General REED,

Quartermaster-General of the Commonwealth:

GENERAL: * * * His Excellency desires you, if you find proper occasion to do so, to express the pleasure with which he has this day learned through a telegram from Washington that the Secretary of War will not sanction for the future any such irregularities with respect to issuing permissions to individuals to raise regiments as it has permitted itself to sanction during the last few weeks. It is not an enviable nor is it an easy task which the government of this Commonwealth is willing to assume, to take charge of the enlistment and equipment of all regiments which may by required from Massachusetts; but it is essential to the proper organization and comfort of our troops, and to the securing

