
to their families of the legislative provisions for their welfare, that such troops should be enlisted and equipped under its direction, and therefore it is willing to assume it. Until it shows itself incompetent to the task it is the most efficient and economical agency through which the Federal Government can accomplish its military preparations within the borders of Massachusetts for the volunteer service.

I have the honor to be, respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. G. BROWNE, JR.,

Military Secretary.

Approved, and the quartermaster-general is requested to confer on the subjects above mentioned with the military secretary of the Governor if he shall be in Washington at the same time.

JOHN A. ANDREW.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 6, 1861.

His Excellency Governor ANDREW,

Boston:

SIR: The undersigned, having heretofore reported by telegraph and mail concerning other matters embraced in Your Excellency's letter of instructions, dated August 28, respectfully submit the following report of our action under the concluding portions of said instructions relative to the permissions issued by the Federal authorities to individuals to raise regiments in Massachusetts independently of and conflicting with the regular recruiting system of the Commonwealth. On the 4th instant, at an interview with the Secretary of War, we repeated to him to substance of that portion of Your Excellency's letter, and in reply he assured us of his regret that any such permissions should have been issued heretofore, and of his determination that none should be issued hereafter. He expressed his cordial concurrence with Your Excellency's opinion that the most efficient and economical agency through which the Federal Government can raise regiments in Massachusetts is through the State government, and seemed fully to appreciate the confusion and conflict of authority which would be caused by the competition of individuals with the regular recruiting system of the State, and the difficulties to which Your Excellency might be subjected in respect to commissioning officers over troops raised under such independent authority. In conclusion he added that he felt under especial obligation to yourself and to Massachusetts for the energy, economy, and honesty with which military affairs had been conducted under your direction.

On the 5th instant, at an interview with the President, we repeated to him the substance of that portion of Your Excellency's letter, in the same manner as on the previous day to the Secretary of War, and in reply he stated his concurrence in that no more independent permissions to raise regiments should be granted to individuals. Without suggestion from ourselves, he spoke of the impossibility of relytes to respond promptly to regular requisitions for troops, if their recruiting under independent permissions; but he said such independent permissions as had hitherto been issued had been extorted by the pressure of certain persons, who, if they had been refused, would have accused the Government to rejecting the services of so many thousands of imaginary men-a pressure, of the persistency of which no person not subjected to it could conceive. He said that perhaps he had been in error in granting such

