
these regiments and batteries is authorized or can be encouraged by the commander-in-chief (with the single exception of recruiting to fill vacancies in Massachusetts regiments already in active service), because it is of the first importance that these organizations should be completed promptly and without delay. The following is an extract from a general order issued on the 16th instant by the Adjutant-General of the United States:

All persons having received authority from the War Department to raise volunteer regiments, batteries, or companies in the loyal States are with their commands hereby placed under the orders of the Governors of those States, to whom they will immediately report the present condition of their respective organizations. These troops will be organized, or reorganized, and prepared for service by the Governors of the respective States in the manner they may judge most advantageous for the interests of the General Government.

In accordance with the above the commander-in-chief directs that no new regiments or companies be formed or ordered into camp, nor any already in camp change their location without orders from these headquarters.

By command of His Excellency John A. Andrew, Governor and commander-in-chief.

WILLIAM SCHOULER,

Adjutant-General.

(Telegram.)

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, D. C., September 23, 1861.

Governor ANDREW,

Boston:

Will the three regiments for General Sherman be ready this week? He must be supplied in advance of other applications for same service. Please reply immediately.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

(Telegram.)

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Boston, September 23, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

I request you not to issue any order detailing any particular Massachusetts regiments to General Butler, but to leave all such details to me. I have pledged certain regiments to General Sherman, and I am determined, if allowed, to keep my word to him. I can provide for Butler otherwise and sufficiently. I shall be obliged if I can receive an answer by telegraph stating that this matter of designating which shall go to Butler and which to Sherman is left to me, according to this my request, uncles you will now specifically designate which three Sherman shall have- say Wilson's two regiments and the Worcester regiment.*

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor.

---------------

*For version of this dispatch, as received by the War Department, see p. 532.

---------------

