
(Telegram.)

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 23, 1861.

Governor ANDREW:

Select the regiments yourself for Sherman and supply him first.

THOS. A. SCOTT,

Acting Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Boston, September 23, 1861.

Major-General BUTLER, U. S. Volunteers:

GENERAL: His Excellency Governor Andrew directs me to mention to you the speedy organization of another Irish regiment, of which Patrick Donahoe, esq., acts as prochain ami, to be officered, as to its "filled," by a list of gentlemen, Messrs. Murphy, Montieth, and Moore, who have been selected after careful consultation. Mr. Donahoe will immediately present a roster of the other officers of the regiment for examination and approval. His Excellency would propose to assign this regiment to form part of your command, and would be pleased to hear from you any suggestions concerning a camping ground on which to assemble its recruits. Camp Cameron, at North Cambridge, has been mentioned and favorably received as its rendezvous, and will be designated as such unless you have desires to the contrary.

Your obedient servant,

A. G. BROWNE, JR.,

Military Secretary.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Boston, September 23, 1861.

Brigadier-General SHERMAN, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: His Excellency Governor Andrew directs me to write to you that he expects you to exert all the personal effort within your power to secure to your command the contingent which you expect from Massachusetts and prevent it from being diverted to General Butler or any other officer. His Excellency pledged to you his own personal efforts to secure to you the first regiments whose organizations should be completed in the State after the dispatch to Washington of the five regiments which were forming when you first visited Boston. Those five regiments are all now in the field in active service, and the three which he considers belong rightfully to your command (being the three which will next be completed) are General Wilson's two regiments, now encamped at Lynnfield, i e., the Twenty-second and Twenty- third, and Twenty-fifth Regiment, now encamped at Worcester. Other regiments can be furnished to General Butler in proper time, and neither he nor any other commanding officer ought to be allowed to divert from you these three regiments, which are yours almost by right.

His Excellency, so far as he can influence the matter, proposes to assign to General Butler the regiment being raised by Colonel Jones (the Twenty-sixth), who is a townsman and personal and political friend of General Butler, and also an Irish regiment whose organization is in progress. There can be no just pretense on which your claim to the Twenty-second, Twenty-third, and Twenty-fifth can be disputed, but

