
PROVIDENCE, R. I., April 17, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War;

We have organized our regiment on the basis of my offer to the President of the force for the protection of the capital, and are about ready to move. To organize a regiment under the proclamation would take more time, but we shall commence that immediately, if desired. To avoid publicity, we shall report our whole force at Washington unless otherwise ordered. We are using every excretion to be first in the field.

WM. SPRAGUE,

Governor of Rhode Island.

HARRISBURG, PA., April 17, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Volunteers are arriving, many them without arms, and most of those in use unfit for actual service. We have no ammunition. I wish to march them in large bodies and prepared to defend themselves. Shall I order the Philadelphia regiments to start?

A. G. CURTIN.

[Indorsement.]

Reply: Order issued for arms.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Norwich, Conn., 17, 1861.

Your requisition for troops came by way of Hartford, and was not received until this afternoon. It requires them to muster at New Haven. Upon the receipt of your telegram I issued a proclamation requiring them to assemble in Hartford, amour arsenal and arms are there. When the regiment is ready I can move them to New Haven or deliver it to your officers at Hartford, as you shall elect. I telegraphed you this afternoon, and shall obey your first order, unless probably take one day longer to get the regiment ready at New Haven than at Hartford. All you have done strengthens my hands and cheers my heart.

I am, dear sir, yours, with high regard.

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Jefferson City, Mo., April 17, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Your dispatch of the 15th instant, making a call on Missouri for four regiments of men for immediate service, has been received. There can be, I apprehend, no doubt but the men are intended to form a part of the President's army to make war upon the people of the seceded States.

