
as it is probable that it may nevertheless be drawn in question, His Excellency relies upon you for your own sake to assist him to maintain it. The Twenty-second is already full, and it will be ready to move at the beginning of next week-certainly by the 1st of October. The Twenty-third and Twenty-fifth are also in an advanced state of progress.

I have the honor to be, very truly, your obedient servant,

A. G. BROWNE, JR.,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Military Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS,Camp Chase, September 24, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel A. G. BROWNE, Jr.,

Military Secretary:

SIR: Your communication of the 23rd instant has been received, in which you speak of the speedy organization of another Irish regiment and locating a camp therefor. I would simply say in reply that General Butler has gone to Portland, Me, and I will call his attention to the matter as soon as he returns, which will be to-morrow evening.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

P. HAGGERTY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General to Major General B. F. Butler.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Boston, September 24, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: I have been much perplexed and embarrassed during the last few days by contradictory orders and assurances issuing from your Department respecting the disposition to be made of the regiments now organizing in this State.

By a recent general order I am given to understand that the entire direction of them until they proceed into active service is reposed in myself as the Chief Executive of the Commonwealth. But, notwithstanding this order, I find Major-General Butler and Colonel Wilson authorized by authority from your Department to act in some respects more or less independently of me. For instance, Colonel Wilson has to-day received orders from you to report to General butler and form a component part of his proposed expedition; but almost at the same moment I received from the Assistant Secretary of War a dispatch authorizing me to make my own selection of regiments for General Sherman's expedition, and to send them in advance of all others, and under this authorization I shall certainly desire to assign Colonel Wilson's regiment to General Sherman, whereas he has previously been ordered by your to report himself otherwise.

I wish to suggest, as the most effectual and yet simple method of avoiding such difficulties and embarrassments, that you effect your purposes concerning regiments organizing in this State through, and not outside of, its Governor. I need not say that I have no other ends to subserve except the public advantage, for you are aware that such is the fact without any such assurance; and most assuredly the public advantage can best be subserved and your own purposes best be

