
accomplished through my agency, so long as the organization of the regiments is intrusted to my control. For I know better than anybody else can know the quality of the material of which the troops organizing here is composed. I know their affections, their prejudices, and their desires; and I have been desirous to distribute them among Generales Sherman, Burnside, and Butler, each of whom is, of course, desirous to secure the best of them, according to my own opinion of the system of distribution which shall most promote their efficiency upon the service for which they are designed. General burnside, with most commendable modesty and taste, will, I doubt not from the conversation I have had with him, coincide with my opinions on this subject. But General Butler, it is evident to me, desires naturally to secure to his own command, with or without consultation with me, according as best he may, all the force he can, even to the prejudice of what General Sherman has a positive rig

I am, faithfully, and with high regard, yours,

JOHN A. ANDREW.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 27, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts, Boston, Mass.:

SIR: Your letter of the 24th instant is received. It is the desire of this Department that General Sherman should be first supplies, and that afterward General Butler should be furnished with such troops as may be required in aid of his proposed expedition. It was the intention of this Department to leave to Your Excellency all questions concerning the organization of troops in your State, and the orders to which you refer were designed to be subject to the approval and control of the Executive of Massachusetts. It will be my endeavor to act strictly in accordance with your suggestions. This Department reposes entire confidence in one who has thus far discharged with fidelity, ability, and energy every duty required of him by the Federal Government.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

NEW YORK, September 27, 1861.

Lieutenant Colonel A. G. BROWNE, Jr.,

Military Secretary of Massachusetts, Boston:

DEAR SIR: Your favor of the 23rd instant was received yesterday, and the matter was immediately attended to by calling the attention of the Honorable Secretary of War to the subject. Five regiments are yet waited for, three from Massachusetts, one from Maine, and one from New Hampshire, and it is hoped that they will all be pressed forward at the earliest day.

* * * *

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

T. W. SHERMAN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

