
except for recruitment of existing regiments, or subject to the conditions indicated, while any advice or friendly assistance will be gratefully received from any quarter, much more from a gentleman of your capacity to advise, and your hearty zeal in the cause we are both aiming to serve.

I have the honor to be, with respect and regard, yours, faithfully,

JOHN A. ANDREW.

(Statutes at Large of the United States, passed at the First session of the Thirty-seventh Congress.)

CHAP. IX AN ACT to authorize the employment of volunteers, &amp;c.

Be it enacted, &c.:

SEC. 4 That * * * the Governors of the States furnishing volunteers under this act shall commission the field, staff, and company officers requisite for said volunteers; but in cases where the State authorities refuse or omit to furnish volunteers at the call or on the proclamation of the President, and volunteers from such States offer their services under such call or proclamation, the President shall have power to accept such services and to commission the proper field, staff, and company officers.

(Telegram.)

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Boston, October 5, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

Will you pay our soldiers as fast as sworn in half moth's pay, detailing paymaster therefor? Do not authorize this for any unless for all. What is General Butler's power and position here?

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor.

(Telegram.)

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, October 5, [1861].

Governor ANDREW,

Boston:

We cannot pay in advance. General Butler has authority to concentrate a brigade for special service, all of which is to be organized under the several Governors of the Eastern States. We gave General Butler authority with regard to advance.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Boston, October 6, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I am very much at loss to attach a definite construction to your telegram received last evening in reply to my inquiry of you as to what is the power and the position of Major-General Butler in this Commonwealth, since the recent Army orders assigning him to the command of

