
moth's advance to men enlisted by himself. How does it happen that all the troops raised here cannot receive advance pay if it is proposed thus to favor a part? And why should this trust of discrimination be reposed in an officer who has been unfamiliar hitherto with the practical business of raising men in this State for the war? We have done our utmost to obey, and to anticipate even, the wishes of the Federal Government in the enlistment of men and in the perfection and economy of their preparation and equipment, and I am more troubled by this disturbing interposition than I have been by all the toils and responsibilities of the year.

I heartily desire to avoid collision or even the slightest complaint. I am willing to sacrifice anything merely personal to myself, but I cannot consent in silence to the entering of a wedge for I know not what distractions to follow. Even now I begin to hear of persons who claim to have had commissions promised to them by General Butler, and if he undertakes to raise troops here himself he will undertake to control the appointmeners, although the Governor alone can by law grant commissions unless he shall refuse to exercise his functions and neglect to raise troops when required.

I beg leave, in conclusion, again to express to you my conviction of the necessity of immediate action by the President and yourself on the subjects I have thus presented, with a view clearly to understand the relation which it is intended to establish between General Butler's authority and my own, and to avoid the evils which must inevitably result from the present attitude of affairs.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Boston, October 7, 1861.

Major General B. F. BUTLER:

SIR: His Excellency Governor Andrew directs me to say that the pressure upon his time which has occupied him all of yesterday and to-day will continue this evening and through to-morrow, when he will be obliged to leave town for a day more, but that if you desire to communicate with him, and will do so in writing, directed to 71 Charles street, this evening, he will endeavor to prepare a proper answer before morning and cause it to be sent to you at an early hour.

Yours, very truly,

THOMAS DEW,

Assistant Military Secretary.

AT OFFICE, October 8, 1861-10 a. m.

General Butler received His Excellency's note at this hour, which renders it almost impossible to prepare a written statement of the matter of communication.

A personal interview of five minutes would in his judgment conduce to the public service and save explanation much more formal in writing.

If Governor Andrew has any reasons personal to General Butler for not desiring an interview (of which he is not aware) of course the interview is not desirable.

(The above has no signature nor address, but is in the handwriting of General Butler.)

