
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

October 8, 1861.

Major-General BUTLER, U. S. Volunteers:

GENERAL: His Excellency Governor Andrew has the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of this morning, and directs me to reply that he has no reason whatsoever of a character personal to yourself for not desiring an interview; that, on the contrary, he has always had strong reasons to be pleased in your personal society, which has been invariably agreeable to him. But he is at this hour, and will continue to be for some time, engaged at a session of the Executive Council, and various other engagements of an imperative character are pressing upon his attention. Therefore, unless the subject upon which an interview is desired is of such a character as to absolutely require immediate attention, he would prefer at this moment that it should be placed in writing, especially in view of the fact that there appears by your letter of the 5th instant to be a difference of memory respecting the oral conversation therein referred to.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. G. BROWNE, JR.,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Military Secretary.
HEADQUARTERS NEW ENGLAND DEPARTMENT,Boston, October 8, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor and Commander-in-Chief:

SIR: I desire to know if any rooms at the State House could be temporarily obtained, until the meeting of the Legislature, for the use of myself and staff as headquarters. Knowing that some rooms were put to the use of General Wilson, I am emboldened to make the request.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

October 8, 1861.

Major-General BUTLER:

SIR: I have not the assignment of rooms in the State House. I found Colonel Wilson occupying a room. It was not with my consent, but it was to the inconvenience of all having business in our wing of the building. I think it a bad precedent, and not to be followed; nor, so far as I may be consulted, can I consent that the State House shall be used as headquarters or for office rooms by any but those officers contemplated by law and having rooms regularly assigned to them, such as heads of departments and bureaus of the Commonwealth. I am informed to-day that Colonel Wilson happened almost by accident to them, such as heads of departments and bureaus of the Commonwealth. I am informed to- day that Colonel Wilson happened almost by accident to begin using the room he frequented, and knowing that his stay here would be very brief, and his hours few each day while here, I did not feel willing to ask his removal, and I am very sorry now to be compelled by your reference to the f act of his presence here to say a word about it.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

JOHN A. ANDREW.

