
"His Excellency's" attention is called to the fact that no reply has been received to General Butler's request as to a squadron of mounted men.

General Butler is informed by the returns of those who have recruited for him that he has already a number of men equal to two regiments in such progress that they can be organized in ten days, being the most prompt recruitment ever done in this State; these besides the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-eighth Regiments assigned to him by general order.

General Butler trusts that "His Excellency" will not, without the utmost necessity for it, throw any obstacles in the way of his recruitment, as General Butler is most anxious to get his division organized, so as to start upon an expedition, already planned, in the service of his country. General Butler hopes that these views will meet "His Excellency's" concurrence and co- operation.

Most respectfully, "His Excellency's" obedient servant,

BENJAMIN F. BUTLER.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Boston, October 14, 1861.

Major General B. F. BUTLER, U. S. Volunteers,

Commanding Department of New England:

GENERAL: I beg leave to acknowledge the receipt at this department of your letter of the 12th instant, addressed to His Excellency Governor Andrew, which I have forwarded according to its direction, His Excellency being absent from the city.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

A. G. BROWNE, JR.,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Military Secretary.

Lieutenant Colonel A. G. BROWNE, Jr.,

Military Secretary, State House:

Will A. G. Browne, jr., give the bearer a descriptive roll, and oblige,

Yours,

P. HAGGERTY.

This bears no date, but was received by me on October 19.

A. G. BROWNE, JR.

CITY OF LOWELL, MAYOR'S OFFICE,

October 18, 1861.

His Excellency Governor ANDREW:

DEAR SIR: There appears to be a question whether the men enlisting into General Butler's division are entitled to State aid for their families. We have paid in several cases where it seemed to be absolutely necessary to do so. I have written the adjutant-general upon this subject, and he sends me a printed copy of General Orders, Numbers 23, but I notice that was issued September 23, and it has occurred to me that perhaps this order was not designed to cover the case to which I now call Your Excellency's attention. I wish to act understandingly in paying money from the city treasury. An early reply will therefore oblige,

Your obedient servant,

B. C. SERGEANT,

Mayor.

