
work, each in our respective spheres, as the patient servants of a cause it is glory enough to serve in any manner, however humble. Had not this interference been attempted, some of our regiments would have been full which are not yet quite complete; when, if another and third regiment was needed from Massachusetts to complete General Butler's six regiments of infantry he wished for, I would cheerfully before now have designated some officers to begin its recruitment. The men whom General Butler or others in his interest have influenced to offer to enlist will be fully recognized as Massachusetts Volunteers on going into any of Colonel Jones' companies (Twenty-sixth Regiment) or Colonel Murphy's (Twenty-eighth Regiment). And there is yet room for them.

I am, with high regard, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. ANDREW.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF NEW ENGLAND, Numbers 2. Boston, October 21, 1861.

By the authority of the President of the United States, in words following--

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 10, 1861.

Major General B. F. Butler is hereby authorized to raise, organize, arm, uniform, and equip a volunteer force for the war, in the New England States, nor exceeding six regiments of the maximum standard, of such arms, and in such proportions, and in such manner as he may judge expedient; and for this purpose his orders and requisitions on the Quartermaster, Ordnance, and other staff departments of the Army are to be obeyed and answered; provided, the cost of such recruitment, armament, and equipment does not exceed in the aggregate that of like troops now or hereafter raised for the service of the United States.

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

Approved September 12, 1861.

A. LINCOLN.

and with the consent, by telegram to the War Department, of their Excellencies the Governors of the several States wherein the troops are proposed to be raised, the commanding general of the Department of New England proposes to recruit not exceeding six regiments of the maximum number of the various arms, and for that purpose has authorized recruitment in the several States of Massachusetts, Connecticut, Vermont, New Hampshire, and Maine.

In order to correct any mistake or misunderstanding, the officers recruiting are empowered to enlist men in the service of the United States upon the terms following, and no other:

The troops are to be regiments or corps of the several States in which they are enlisted, and are to be deemed a part of the quanta thereof.

The officers to be commissioned by the Governors of the several States, according to the constitution and laws thereof and of the United States. Pay to be $13 per month, and $100 bounty at the end of the war to the honorably discharged soldier. All the troops of this division to be paid at least one month's pay before they leave their respective States or the camp of instruction, so s to be able to leave that sum with their families.

In Massachusetts towns and cities are empowered by an act of the Legislature to rs within a certain degree of every inhabitant of the State who shall enlist in the service, and in the other New England States bounties are offered and provision made for the support of the families of the enlisted soldier, and the troops

