
raised under this order will be entitled to all the bounty and relief provided by law for the volunteers of the several States. Especial will this be the case in Massachusetts, were there doubts otherwise, since His Excellency Governor Andrew telegraphed to the War Department that he "would help General Butler to the utmost" in his recruiting.

A vicious practice having come to the notice of the commanding general of other sums being paid by officers recruiting in the State of Massachusetts, it is positively forbidden to any person recruiting under the authority of the United States to offer, promise, or give any money or valuable thing whatever for recruits to any person, and any person so offending will not be recommended for commission by the commanding general.

No recruits are desired who are habitually intemperate or who have ever been convicted of any crime. Deserters from the British Army are especially reprobated. It is the wish and desire of the commanding general to have in his division only thoughtful, patriotic men, who are seriously desirous of aiding their country in her hour of peril, and who will enlist under her banner for this reason alone.

All recruits will be immediately taken into camp up their enlistment; will be uniformed in the best, instructed by competent drill-masters in the appropriate exercises for their proper arm of service, and their health and comfort specially cared for. In return for this, the most thorough subordination, discipline, and good conduct will be exacted. As soon as the division thus raised is brought into a proper state of efficiency it will march, under the orders of the commanding general, upon a service already designated and to which it is to be fitted.

The numbers and names of regiments and corps will be hereafter designated by general order.

By command of Major-General Butler:

GEO. C. STRONG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW ENGLAND,Boston, October 25, 1861.

His Excellency Governor ANDREW:

Under authority given me of date of September 10 by the War Department of the United States, a copy whereof has heretofore been sent to Your Excellency, there has been enlisted and mustered into the service of the United States a company of Massachusetts Volunteers, numbering eighty-six men, inhabitants of said State. A copy of the descriptive list of said company is herewith forwarded for deposit in the office of the adjutant- general of the State.

These men have severally taken the oath required by law for enlisted men in the service of the United States and are now in course of instruction at Camp Chase, Lowell. At Camp Chase, all the members of this company being present (saving those absent without leave), by written ballots, in my presence, the members of the company of twenty-one years and upward selected their officers by election as follows:

For captain, Cadwallader F. Blanchard, of Lowell, who received eighty-three votes, all others (E. A. Fiske), one vote. For first lieutenant, James Parsons [Farsons], of Lowell, who received fifty-nine votes; all others (E. A. Fiske), twenty-three votes. For second lieutenant, Edward A. Fiske, of Lowell, who received seventy-nine votes; all others, eligible (Ira Moore), one vote.

