
into the Twenty-eighth Regiment, which is only partially recruited (and to which, though assigned to you, I do not learn that you have given any attention). If they desire to serve their country efficiently they will find opportunity there. Or (though I do not desire to withdraw them from regiments destined for your command) if neither of those corps is satisfactory, they can be furnished with service in other Massachusetts regiments. I desire to call your attention, general, to the fact that the General Order, Numbers 2, issued by yourself as commander of the Department of New England, does not properly represent the relation which the men collected by you against my orders hold to the executive authorities and the legislative acts of this Commonwealth, and unless modified is likely to cause much individual perplexity and distress. In the same order you have quoted a single sentence from a telegraphic dispatch sent by me to the President of the United States, in such a manner and in such an association with other words, as to give a mistaken impression of its meaning, and of my own purposes and position.

I cannot conclude this note without an expression of keen regret that my plain and clearly defined official duty has brought me into any collision with e gentleman,w ho in other spheres I have known so long, whose capacity and zeal for the public service is unquestioned by me, and between whom and myself there ought to be nothing inconsistent with cordial, patriotic, and friendly co- operation in the support and defense of a cause, grand as the proportions of the heritage of our fathers and blessed as their own immortality of fame.

I am, respectfully and obediently, yours, &amp;c., &c.,

JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor and Commander-in-Chief of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF NEW ENGLAND,Boston, November 6, 1861.

His Excellency Governor ANDREW:

I beg leave to call His Excellency's attention to the fact that I have received no answer to my note of October 12, the receipt of which wa acknowledge by His Excellency's secretary in his absence. In the fear that it may not have reached His Excellency I have ventured to call attention to it, and also to know if any reply may be expected.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Boston, November 6, 1861.

Major General BENJAMIN F. BUTLER:

SIR: I have the honor to reply that on no consideration will the enlistment or organization of any cavalry or dragons or mounted soldiers be permitted in this Commonwealth for the volunteer service until the First Cavalry Volunteer Regiment under Colonel Robert Williams shall have been fully organized and ready to march.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

JOHN A . ANDREW.

