
mustering into service after arrival in Washington on Saturday. Cincinnati in great peril. Authorize me immediately to make Cincinnati an additional place of rendezvous for such portion of the requisition as shall be enlisted in that county.

W. DENNISON,

Governor of Ohio.

COLUMBUS, OHIO, April 18, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Companies are being ordered into rendezvous at Cleveland and Columbus. Please detail mustering officers immediately.

W. DENNISON.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Albany, N. Y., April 18, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the requisition of the President, dated the 15th, bearing your signature, for seventeen regiments of the militia force of this State, and to inform you that the requisite steps have been taken to comply therewith at the earliest moment.

Major-General Sanford has been directed to furnish, during the present week, either the Seventh Regiment, of about 800 men, or two smaller regiments of the First Division of State Militia, amounting to about the same number.

Very respectfully,

E. D. MORGAN.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Boston, Mass., April 18,1 861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: We have served out all the rifled muskets we had when the Executive requisition was made upon us. Our State arsenal is emptied, and we have stripped the Boston Corps of Cadets and the Second Battalion in order fully to supply the men destined to Fort Monroe. Companies in the interior of the State have muskets and should retain them, but those in Boston are destitute. Cannot the Department spare any arms from the Springfield Armory? The product of the Government works there can be doubled, I understand. Any may I add that I learn that the French Minie rifle may be bought abroad for $7 or under, and if purchased on account of the United States duties would be saved. The Federal Government might by such purchase make in a few weeks large accessions of effective arms.

Last evening half a regiment left via Fall River for Fort Monroe, to be taken by steamer from Fall River. This morning the other half left by steamer Spaulding. Last evening Colonel Johnes' regiment left by Worcester railroad for Washington. Colonel Munroe's regiment leaves at 5.30 this p. m. by railroad for Washington. I hope to get the fourth regiment you requested off by Saturday. The men are ready even now.

