
Upon this newspaper, as it is now placed upon the files of the executive department, is written, further, the following indorsement:

Memorandum.-This list of names was shown to me one day in the doric

hall of the State House by a gentleman purporting to be engaged on

a book. He stated that he desired me to sit for a likeness to be inserted in the book, and requested me to do him the favor to correct any errors in the list. I looked it over with what care I could and corrected some errors which I noticed; but I did not

comply with the remaining request. I never saw the newspaper until

General Butler sent it to me, and I have no memory of the heading

which seems to have misled that gentleman. The list is a roster

containing the names of the commander-in-chief of the militia of

Massachusetts and the members of his general and personal staff, no

one of whom belonged to the U. S. Volunteers.

J. A. A.)

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Boston, January 1, 1862.

Adjt. General WILLIAM SCHOULER:

In the matter of the Fourth Battery, which marched by order of Major-General Butler, not having had its officers appointed or commissioned, but for which company certain officers are recommended by Major Strong, representing General Butler, as being the choice of the company, I have to request that commission be

filled out accordingly. If the subject had been properly brought to

my attention in due season it would have enabled me to consult the

best interests of the corps by selecting, from whatever source, the

best candidates offering. As it is, the battery being in the field,

at a very remote point, and under these persons as acting officers, trusting that their superior commander will look after its interests, since I cannot, under the existing difficulties of investigation, pass any perfectly satisfactory judgment on all of

them, I have decided to assume that commissions had best be granted, and to approve the recommendation of Major Strong-this being, as I understand, your own opinion and advice.

Yours, respectfully,

JOHN A. ANDREW.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Boston, December 30, 1861.

Major General B. F. BUTLER, &amp;c., &c., &c.:

SIR: It becomes my duty to ask you to what officer or appointment you refer in your letter of the 28th instant in using the following

words, viz:

Seducing a mother, and making a father wifeless and children motherless; and that, you know, is no objection to a high military commission in Massachusetts.

Moreover, may I ask whose mother is alluded to, and whose wife; and does the implied allegation mean that the crime of murder was added to that of seduction, although the words "you know" assume the existence of greater knowledge than I possess? And, indeed, since the day I had the honor to detail yourself as a brigadier- general of militia, at the beginning of the present war, to this day, and both inclusive, I cannot accuse myself of such as appointment. If I have done so, I beg you to expose it.

I have the honor to be, your obedient,

JOHN A. ANDREW.

