
The Boston bank have offered to lend the State $3,600,000 if needed, and have offered the Secretary of the Treasury to take Treasury notes to a large amount. Divers persons of military experience are enlisting soldiers into the militia with my consent and with a view to U. S. service. The men will be of a hardy class, more used to exposure than the volunteer militia commonly are, since our companies in best citizens. These new companies or regiments, if you wish them, will be under Mexican-war officers. Should ;you desire two such regiments, we will promptly respond.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

JOHN A. ANDREW.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Augusta, Me., April 18, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt this evening of your requisition for a regiment of the Maine militia for the service of the United States, and also a dispatch advising me that it will be sufficient if the regiment is ready to be mustered into the service of the United States by the 20th of May. In reply I have to say that the troops will be ready at the rendezvous at the time mentioned.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant,

ISRAEL WASHBURN, JR.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, IOWA, April 18, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

DEAR SIR: Your dispatch of the 16th instant names Keokuk as the place of rendezvous for the regiment of this State. I had supposed this place (Davenport) a more suitable point. It is central on the Mississippi, connects directly with the East by railroad, and has a telegraph. Keokuk is in the extreme southeastern part of the State, has no direct railroad communication East, nor has any telegraph. If these considerations should make you think it advisable to change the place of rendezvous, please inform me . I have been and will be here for some days to have the benefit of the telegraph for organizing the regiment called for from this State.

Some uneasiness prevails in the western part of this State lest the withdrawal of troops from the frontier and the disturbed condition of our national affairs may induce the Indians on our northwestern frontier to attack the exposed settlements. The files of your Department will show that we have been annoyed by them for the last three or four years. If you could place 500 long-range rifles at Council Bluffs and the same number at Sioux City, in store, to be used by me in case of necessity, I will furnish the men, if the necessity shall arise. I should also be glad if you could place at each point a single U. S. Army officer, to command any troops that might be needed to use the arms for the above purpose. I shall await your answer to these suggestions with some concern.

Very respectfully,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

