
to 661,000, the latter being the strength of the Army actually in service as estimated by the Secretary of War in his annual report, the appropriation needed for the service of the year ending June 30, 1863, if the war should unfortunately last so long, would amount to $148,000,000.

From the experience of the past seven months I am convinced that the cost of the first year of the war will not be less than that of the second. The Army has been created, organized, and equipped so rapidly that the increase of cost over the usual supplies will fully make up for the fact that during the first months of the fiscal year it had not reached its full strength.

The greater part of the Army has been transported from long distances. The great expeditions by sea have been fitted out and are only supplied at great expense. I think, therefore, that the estimate for deficiencies should be so increased as to make the total appropriation for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1862, equal to those needed for the year ending June 30, 1863, the second year of the war.

The appropriations heretofore made for the service of the Quartermaster's Department for the year ending June 30, 1862, amount to $71,464, 134.56 (see page 66 of Annual Estimates as printed at this session of Congress). To increase them to the estaimtes of next year would require, therefore, a further appropriation for deficiencies in appropriations for transportation, for clothing, and for other supplies and services of the Quartermaster's Department during the year ending June 30, 1862, of $76,500,000.

Considering the great difficulty of forming any accurate estimates of the cost of hostilities upon the scale on which they are now carried on, I submit that some large sum should be placed at the disposal of the Presssing the rebellion. The practice of making appropriations only oates, however necessary and important in time of peace, leads to delay and injury to the efficiency of the public service in time of war. The estimates forwarded at the commencement of the session, as those sent in at the extra session of Congress, were carefully prepared with the best data at the command of this office. They have proved insufficient, and I think that the experience of the war thus for shows the importance of some such appropriation as here advised.

This course is not without precedent. Congress has in former times placed large sums at the disposal of the President for suppression of hostilities, for defense of the country against probable attack.

The power given to the President to use a sum of $100,000,000 to meet any unforeseen exigency, or to aid a branch of the service for which the appropriations made upon regular estimates proved inadequate, would give greater confidence and security to those who have heretofore and may hereafter give to the Government their manufactures, their goods, or their services in the firm confidence that the country will see them repaid.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

STATE OF MAINE, EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Augusta, January 28, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: There are three regiments of infantry now, numbering over 1,000 men each, encamped in this city, fully uniformed, armed and out-

