
EXECUTIVE OFFICER, IOWA, April 18, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

DEAR SIR: Your telegraphic dispatches of the 16th and 18th instant, via Burlington, notifying me of a requisition for one regiment of troops, have been received. Dispatch will reach me sooner if sent to Davenport, and mail matter to Iowa City. The requisition by mail has not yet reached me. Your dispatches of the 16th were received on that day, and I immediately commenced measures for organizing a regiment. I have not convened the General Assembly of this State, for the reason that the banks of the State have placed at my disposal all the money that the banks I may need. I hope to be able to notify you that one regiment will be ready before May 20. As soon as the requisite number of companies are offered me I will notify you. Present indications are that more than enough companies for one regiment will be offered. If so, will more be received? I am acting on the presumption that the State will pay all exereses until the troops are mustered into the service of the United States; that the United States will furnish arms and accouterments; that the companies will elect their own officers. Am I right? Will the regiment elect its own officers? Will the United States furnish clothing? Please instruct me on these points.

Please assure the President that the people and the Executive of Iowa will stand by him unflinchingly. Ten days ago we had two parties in this State; to-day we have but one, and that one is for the Constitution and Union unconditionally.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

ALBANY, N. Y., April 19, 1861,.

Honorable SAMUEL CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

I have ordered four additional regiments to Washington, three of which are from New York and one from this city.

E. D. MORGAN,

Governor.

ALBANY, N. Y., April 19, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

As I telegraphed you, I ordered four additional regiments to Washington this morning, three of which from New York, one form Albany. Those from New York will probably get of Saturday night or Sunday. I have since received your dispatch in following words: "Wait for further directions." Shall the order for the New York regiments be countermanded?

E. D. MORGAN,

Governor of New York.

