
[Inclosure Numbers 2.] NAVY DEPARTMENT, January 27, 1862.

Honorable WILLIAM H. SEWARD,

Secretary of State:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 24th instant, transmitting a communication dated the 16th instant, addressed to you by the consul-general at Havana. In returning Mr. Shufeldt's communication I respectfully invite attention to that portion of it which speaks of the occupation of Matamoras as the key through which commerce passes unrestricted to Western Texas.

If an arrangement such as suggested by him could be made it seems to me highly desirable that it should not be permitted to remain unimproved.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GIDEON WELLES.

WAR DEPARTMENT, QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, D. C., January 29, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In compliance with your order of this date, I forward an estimate of appropriations required for the service of the Quartermaster-General's Department.

I cannot too strongly urge upon the War Department the importance of asking Congress to place at the disposal of the President, to meet the contingencies of military service, some large sum for the suppression of rebellion, in addition to the specific appropriations asked upon estimates of the separate Departments.

No human foresight can foretell the expenses of war. Should it be brought to a sudden conclusion the money would not be spent. Should the Army be arrested in its operations for want of money, or credit, or supplies the Government is ruined.

With this I inclose a report upon this subject written yesterday.*

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

[Inclosure.]

Estimate for deficiencies of appropriations in the Quartermaster's Department for the service of the fiscal year ending June 30, 1862, as deduced from the expenditures of the first seven months of the fiscal year, so far as yet ascertained or reported to this office: For regular supplies, incidental expenses, transportation, barracks and quarters, clothing, camp and garrison equipage, and other supplies and services of the Quartermaster's Department to 30th of June, 1862, $76,500,000.

M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General.

---------------

*See p. 866.

---------------

