
they are enrolled, or as soon thereafter as practicable, in the same manner as is prescribed by General Orders, Numbers 58 and Numbers 61, of 1861, from this office for volunteers in the service of the United States.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK, January 29, 1862.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

The only drawback now is to get the chord bars from the Phoenix Iron Company. Please telegraph them to roll the chord bars ordered by us at once, to the exclusion of all other work. If we get the bars in time we can finish twenty-four beds by 15th of February, and remainder in two days afterward.

COOPER, HEWITT &amp; CO.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, January 29, 1862.

COOPER & HEWITT,

New York:

Phoenix Iron Company telegraphed to make chord bars ordered by you to exclusion of all other work.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

FRIDAY, January 31, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to report that by direction of Assistant Secretary Scott I telegraphed to Governor Curtin for details respecting the number and condition of the troops now in Pennsylvania, and received reply from the Governor this morning embracing the following particulars: One regiment at Erie, ready but unarmed; one regiment at Kittanning, ready but unarmed; three regiments at Harrisburg, ready and can be armed, but Governor would prefer the Government to arm them; one regiment in Philadelphia, ready but unarmed; two regiments in Philadelphia of seven companies each, without arms; one regiment of cavalry full but not quite armed, and no horses.

The above presents an aggregate of 7,500 men.

In addition [to] this force there is the following: Angeroth's heavy artillery, ready but unarmed; two batteries light artillery, ready but unarmed; eight companies cavalry in Philadelphia, unarmed, and several detached companies of infantry and parts of companies, amounting in the aggregate to about 800 men.

The Governor has asked the Government to use the nine full regiments for some expedition to sail from Philadelphia for a point on the Southern coast where they may have active service. He is very solicitous that this request be granted, but should it be inconsistent with your plas, His Excellency asks that these regiments be ordered into the U. S. service as soon as possible.

