
I am requested also to remind you that the War Department asked the Governor not to purchase arms, hence the troops now unarmed; 16,000 men have, however, been armed with altered State muskets since the battle of Bull Run.

I am, particularly urged by the Governor respectfully to solicit an early response, so that a great difficulty of consolidating and keeping together a large force may be surmounted.

I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,

J. H. PULESTON,

Aide-de-Camp and Military Agent for Pennsylvania.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, D. C., February 1, 1862.

Honorable JOHN A. GURLEY,

House of Representatives:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to inform you that Assistant Secretary Scott has been dispatched to Ohio to examine the state and condition of troops in the respective camps in that State and have them placed in condition for marching orders, which will be given as soon as they are in that condition.

Respectfully,

JOHN TUCKER,

Assistant Secretary of War.

COLUMBUS, February 1, 1862.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Interview with Governor Tod and his military officers very satisfactory. Seven regiments infantry fully armed and ready in three days for marching orders; ten regiments infantry ready in seven days if guns are furnished. They need 7,200 rifled muskets. Please send Austrian Enfields immediately without accouterments, a full supply being on hand here. Five more regiments infantry will be ready within thirty days if guns are furnished. I have ordered the companies of the Fifty-second and Sixty-first Regiments to be used in filling up the ten regiments referred to; officers of these regiments to refile other organizations. Two regiments of cavalry at Camp Dennison with horses and equipments complete, except pistols. One regiment of cavalry with 400 horses; need 800 horses. They have full horse equipments and other supplies except pistols.

I have ordered one independent company of cavalry to be transferred to infantry or artillery. Two batteries of artillery fully equipped leave Cincinnati on Tuesday for Kansas. Six batteries still in Ohio can be ready next week with gun, harness, ammunition, and other equipments required except horses. There is a large surplus of cavalry, artillery, and infantry equipments on hand that can be transported to other States or military departments. I report fully by mail. Will be in Pittsburg to- night, finish my work there to-morrow, and leave Sunday night for Indianapolis unless otherwise ordered.

THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War.

