
ALBANY, N. Y., April 19, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

The Seventh Regiment leaves for Washington to-day. I can send immediately to Washington additional regiments of our present militia force. Shall I do so or wait for volunteer regiments?

E. D. MORGAN,

Governor.

OMAHA, NEBR. TER., April 19, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I addressed a communication to you two days ago tendering to the Government a sufficient number of volunteers from this Territory to garrison the forts, Kearney and Randall, and to protect the frontier against the Indians. I wish it understood that we hold ourselves in readiness to serve wherever the Government requires our services.

Very truly, yours,

J. M. THAYER,

Major-General Nebraska Militia.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Lasting, Mich., April 19,.1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of the 15th instant, calling for one regiment of militia of this State, in pursuance of the law of Congress of 1785. I have also your dispatch by telegraph to the effect that if the quota of Michigan shall be ready by the 20th of May it will suffice. I am enabled to say that the people of Michigan respond with the utmost enthusiasm to the proclamation of the President. The regiment will be ready to march by the 15th of May next,and will be at the rendezvous at Detroit at that time to be mustered into the service and pay of the United States. I can have them ready on the 1st day of May without inconvenience, if the Department desires it.

Allow me to say further that Michigan will send another regiment at the same time if the War Department at Washington desires it. In fact, the second regiment is very anxious to go.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUSTIN BLAIR.

AUGUSTA, ME., April 19, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: I wrote you to-day that Maine's quota of troops under your requisition would be ready at the time and place which you have designated. I now write to say that if you are able to give me any intimation whether one or more regiments will be required soon from this State, it would be of essential service and accommodation to me to receive it.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, yours,

ISRAEL WASHBURN, JR.

