
ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Madison, Wis., February 4, 1862.

Adjt. General L. THOMAS, U. S. Army,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Your letter of the 4th ultimo, addressed to the Governor of Wisconsin, having been referred to this department for reply, I have the honor of reporting that Wisconsin has up to this date furnished the General Government with thirteen infantry regiments, one company each of cavalry, sharpshooters, and infantry, and four batteries of artillery, all now in active service and under enlistment for three years, or the war. The present disposition of the several regiments and companies is noted in Schedule A, herewith inclosed. There are now encamped within the State, formed and in process of formation, six regiments of infantry, three of cavalry, and five companies of artillery. Their respective numbers and position are noted in Schedule B. Of those now in the service, the failure to receive as yet the proper returns from the several regiments of the deceased or discharged volunteers leaves me without other data of their numerical strength than that reported at the time of their departure from the State.

I am directed by the Governor to remind the Department that advices have already been sent from the Executive Office of the readiness of the Fourteenth, Fifteenth, and Sixteenth Regiments and five companies of artillery, and that they are only waiting for the visit of the U. S. paymaster and marching orders.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUG. GAYLORD,

Adjutant-General of Wisconsin.

SCHEDULE A.

The regiments now in the field are, viz: First Regiment, Colonel J. C. Starkweather commanding, numerical strength on entering service 935, located at Louisville, Ky.; Second Regiment, Colonel E. O'Connor commanding, numerical strength on entering service 1,045, located near Washington; Third Regiment, Colonel T. H. Ruger commanding, numerical strength on entering service 979, located at Frederick City, Md.; Fourth Regiment, Colonel H. E. Paine commanding, numerical strength, &amp;c., 1,053 located at Baltimore, Md.; Fifth Regiment, Colonel Amasa Cobb commanding, numerical strength on entering service 1,057, located near Washington; Sixth Regiment, Colonel Lysander Cutler commanding, numerical strength on entering service 1,084, located near Washington; Seventh Regiment, Colonel Joseph Vandor commanding, numerical strength, &c., 1,016 located near Washington; Eighth Regiment, Colonel Robert C. Murphy commanding, numerical strength, &c., 966, located at Cairo, Ill.; Ninth (German) Regiment, Colonel F. Salomon commanding, numerical strength, &c. (about), 950, located at Saint Louis, Mo.; Tenth Regiment, Colonel A. R. Chapin commanding, numerical strength on entering service 912, located at Louisville, Ky.; Eleventh Regiment, Colonel Charles L. Harris commanding, numerical strength, &c., 1,046, located at Sulphur Springs, Mo.; Twelfth Regiment, Colonel George E. Bryant commanding, numerical strength, &c., 1,050, located at Fort Leavenworth, Kans.; Thirteenth Regiment, Colonel Maurice Maloney commanding, numerical strength, &c., 980, located at Fort Leavenworth, Kans.; one company of cavalry, Captain G. von Deutsch, numbering 84 men, located at Saint Louis, Mo.; one company sharpshooters, Captain W. P. Alexander, numbering 106 men, located at Washington; one company

