
WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, February 5, 1862.

LEONIDAS C. HOUK,

Clinton, Anderson County, Tenn.:

SIR: You are hereby authorized to raise in the State of Tennessee one regiment of volunteer infantry to serve for three years, or the war, of which you are appointed the colonel. This regiment will be organized as prescribed by the act of Congress approved July 22, 1861, to authorize the employment of volunteers, &amp;c., as follows, viz:*

* * * * *

You will perform the duties of mustering officer, unless some other officer already mustered into the service may be available to relieve or assist you. Brigadier-General Buell, commanding the Department of the Ohio, will be instructed to furnish you with arms, accouterments, subsistence, medical stores, clothing, and camp and garrison equipage, and you will make requisitions upon him for them and all other supplies that may be required by you. You are placed under the command of Brigadier-General Buell, and will report to him for further instructions.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 12. Washington, February 6, 1862.

The following orders are from the War Department:

The Department has been so frequently embarrassed by the action of general officers of the volunteer service, in appointing or giving acting appointments to persons to serve upon their staff, that it becomes necessary to issue a general notice to all whom it may concern, that no such appointments can be or will be recognized by the Government.

The President alone, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, has power to make any appointment in the Army. To no general has he delegated any portion of this power. From the War Department, through that Adjutant-General of the Army, all notices of appointment issue, and none other are valid.

The assistant adjutant-general of every division; the assistant adjutant-general, assistant quartermaster, commissary of subsistence, surgeon, and paymaster of each brigade of volunteers will be regularly assigned to it from the Headquarters of the Army. Pending such regular assignment the officer commanding the brigade or division is at liberty to detail for temporary duty, in any or each of these several capacities, some officer of his command. But he is not authorized, and hereby is expressly forbidden, to put any civilian, or person not amenable to the Articles of War, on such duty. Any future transgression of this rule will be treated as a disobedience of orders and dealt with accordingly.

The utmost which is conceded by law and regulation to any general officer is the power to select, among the officers of his command, the regularly authorized aides-de-camp, to whose services he is entitled, in numbers not to exceed, and of grade no higher, than are designated in section 3 of the act approved July 29, 1861.

But as to the additional aides-de-camp authorized by the act approved August 5, 1861, to major-general of the Regular Army, when "com-

---------------

*Details of organization omitted.

---------------

