
manding forces of the United States in the field," the case is different. Though the power to recommend such aides-de-camp for appointment is reserved to these major-generals the power of appointing them, when recommended, is exclusively vested in the President, Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, to be exercised or not, at his discretion; and until regularly appointed by the President, therefore, no officer or civilian recommended for such appointment can be placed on duty, or can lawfully exercise any of the functions pertaining to the office.

As a matter of indulgence, and in consideration of the intimate relations which ought to and must necessarily subsist between a general officer and his chief of staff, the general officers of volunteers have been allowed to recommend for appointment their assistant adjutants-general. But in this case, as in the others, they will not be permitted to place any one on duty until after he shall have been regularly commissioned or appointed by the President of the United States.

This order establishes no new regulation, but is meant to call attention to long-existing regulations that have been too frequently violated or overlooked and to put an end to a great abuse.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

HARRISBURG, PA., February 6, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Our regiments at Erie and Kittanning should be moved at once and two regiments should be removed from this place. If it is the pleasure of the Government to concentrate our regiments near Philadelphia to leave the State from that place, please to dpo it quickly. I gave Assistant Secretary Scott the details of our troops last week in a letter. Our regiments in the interior have been too long stationary and should be moved. The concentration of the troops and fitting them out for service at Philadelphia would have a happy effect upon the military spirit of our State, and I hope it will be done if in harmony with your plans. I hope to hear from you to-morrow.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor.

NEW YORK, February 7, 1862.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War:

We will ship four mortar beds to-morrow and four a day afterward. New Jersey Central Railroad officers have received no orders for transportation. Telegraph them.

COOPER, HEWITT &amp; CO.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington City, February 7, 1862.

COOPER & HEWITT,

17 Burling Slip, New York:

Wednesday New Jersey Central road advised this Department that cars were ready. To-day they are directed again to have the cars ready without fail.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

