
shall be appointed and commissioned by the style of 'general of the Armies of the United States,' and the present office and title of lieutenant-general shall thereafter be abolished."

I have no other information on the subject than is furnished by the report of the Adjutant-General.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, February 10, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,Secretary of War:

SIR: I have the honor to recommend that all authority heretofore given to raise corps, regiments, or independent companies other than through the Governors of the several States be revoked, and that persons so authorized be at once called on for a report of the numbers and condition of the troops raised by them, and that they be directed to stop recruiting. I would further recommend that the orders of September 10 and 12 from the War Department given to General Butler be revoked, and that he be required hereafter to make his requisitions for supplies through the proper channels.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General, Commanding U. S. Army.

HARRISBURG, PA., February 10, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Your dispatch of 9th satisfactory. I will be most happy to confer with you personally, and will be in Washington for that purpose on Thursday.

A. G. CURTIN,

Governor of Pennsylvania.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 13. Washington, February 11, 1862.

The enormous waste by the officers to whose care they are sent of the blank forms issued from this office calls for some prompt correction. With this view the following regulations have been adopted and will be strictly enforced:

I. Hereafter all requisitions for books or blanks supplied from this office must be addressed through regimental and brigade headquarters in each division to the assistant adjutant-general at division headquarters, who will himself from time to time make general requisitions on this office for the supply of his division.

II. Every commanding officer of a company will henceforth keep a regular account of all books and blanks received and expended by him for the use of his company and make a quarterly return of the same to the adjutant of his regiment. These returns will be consolidated with those of the regimental headquarters and forwarded in this shape by the adjutant through brigade headquarters to those of the division.

