
three competent naval officers for the service of the War Department in the inspection of transport vessels, and for such other services as may be designated by the Secretary of War.

Approved February 12, 1862.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 14. Washington, February 14, 1862.

* * * * *

III. Commanders of military departments will forward to the Adjutant-General estimates of the ordnance and ordnance stores which will be required during the succeeding quarter for the troops under their command. The estimates will be based on true economy and call only for what is essential to the efficiency of the troops. Hereafter all requisitions for ordnance and ordnance stores required by regiments or companies serving under the orders of a department commander will be sent in duplicate to the said commander, who will order the issue of such part of the requisition as he may judge proper from the stores which will be placed at his disposal on his own estimate. He will forward the duplicate of each requisition, with his action upon it indorsed, to the Adjutant-General. As it may not be practicable to supply immediately all the articles required by each department commander, notice will be given after the receipt of the estimates what proportion can be supplied, and whence it can be drawn, and the requisitions of troops must be apportioned accordingly.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

NEW YORK, February 14, 1862.

P. H. WATSON, Esq.,

Assistant Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

DEAR SIR: We received yesterday a telegram from General Ripley to send only twenty-one mortar beds to Cairo. They have been shipped. The remaining nine beds are finished to-day and await the orders of the Department.

We have paid Messrs. J. B. &amp; W. W. Cornell & Co. for the work, and have sent their bill, receipted, to General Ripley, thus bringing to a close the most remarkable mechanical achievement, so far as time is concerned, that we have ever witnessed.

The beds have cost $700 each, and we have made Cornell pay all the extra expenses of freight, telegraphing, &c., so that we have no charges to render against the Department in this transaction; and our personal services have been given, and our money advanced without charge, with peculiar satisfaction. To serve the country in its time of trial is the dearest wish of our hearts, and we hope that the Department will avail itself of our services at any and at all times when we can be useful; and we can promise fidelity, industry, and honesty in the execution of its behests.

We hope to have the pleasure of seeing you in Washington at an early day; and in the meantime we have the honor to be,

Faithfully, your obedient servants,

COOPER, HEWITT & CO.

