
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 15. Washington, February 15, 1862.

* * * * *

III. The following acts of Congress are published for the information of all concerned:

1. AN ACT to amend an act entitled "An act to regulate trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes, and to preserve peace on the frontiers," approved June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and thirty- four. (See p. 517, Army Regulations.)

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the twentieth section of the "Act to regulate trade and intercourse with the Indian tribes, and to preserve peace on the frontiers," approved June thirtieth, eighteen hundred and thirty-four, be, and the same is hereby, amended so as to read as follows, to wit:

'SEC. 20. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall sell, exchange, give, barter, or dispose of any spirituous liquor or wine to any Indian under the charge of any Indian superintendent or Indian agent appointed by the United States, or shall introduce or attempt to introduce, any spirituous liquor or wine into the Indian country, such person, on conviction thereof before the proper district court of the United States, shall be imprisoned for a period not exceeding two years, and shall be fined not more than these hundred dollars: Provided, however, That it shall be a sufficient defense to any charge of introducing, or attempting to introduce, liquor into the Indian country, if it be proved to be done by order of the War Department, or of any officer duly authorized thereto by the War Department. And if any superintendent of Indian affairs, Indian agent, or sub-agent, or commanding officer of a military post, has reason to suspect, or is informed that any white person or Indian is about to introduce, or has introduced, any spirituous liquor or wine into the Indian country, in violation of the provisions of this section, it shall be lawful for such superintendent, agent, sub-agent, or commanding officer, to cause the boats, stors, packages, wagons, sleds, and places of deposit of such person to be searched; and if any such liquor is found therein, the same, together with the boats, teams, wagons, and sleds used in conveying the same, and also the goods, packages, and peltries of such person, shall be seized and delivered to the proper officer, and shall be proceeded against by libel in the proper court, and forfeited, one-half to the informer, and the other half to the use of the United States; and if such person be a trader, his license shall be revoked and his bond put in suit. And it shall, moreover, be lawful for any person in the service of the United States, or for any Indian, to take and destroy and ardent spirits or wine found in the Indian country, except such as may be introduced therein by the War Department. And in all cases arising under this act Indians shall be competent witnesses."

Approved February 13, 1862.

2. AN ACT making an appropriation for completing the defenses of Washington, and for other purposes.

Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That the sum of one hundred and fifty thousand dollars be, and the same is hereby, appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for completing the defenses of Washington: Provided, That al arrearage of

