
debts already incurred for the objects of this act shall be first paid out of this sum: And provided further, That no part of the sum hereby appropriated shall be expended in any work hereafter to be commenced.

SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That the fifth section of the act of twenty-eighth September, eighteen hundred and fifty, providing for the discharge from the service of minors enlisted without the consent of their parents or guardians, be, and the same hereby is, repealed: Provided, That hereafter no person under the age of eighteen shall be mustered into the U. S. service; and the otath of enlistment taken by the recruit shall be conclusive as to his age.

SEC. 3. And be it further enacted, That no volunteers or militia from any State or Territory shall be mustered into the service of the United States on any terms or conditions confining their service to the limits of said State or Territory, or their vicinities, beyond the number of ten thousand in the State of Missouri, and four thousand five hundred in the State of Maryland, heretofore authorized by the President of the United States, or Secretary of War, to be raised in said States.

SEC. 4. And be it further enacted, That the second section of the act of the tenth of April, eighteen hundred and six, shall be, and the same is hereby, so amended as to read as follows: (See p. 516, Army Regulations.)

'SEC. 2. And be it further enacted, That in time of war or rebellion against the supreme authority of the United States, all persons who shall be found lurking as spies, or acting as such, in or about the fortifications, encampments, posts, quarters, or headquarters of the armies of the United States, or any of them, within any part of the United States which has been or may be declared to be in a state of insurrection by proclamation of the President of the United States, shall suffer death by sentence of a general court-martial."

SEC. 5. And be if further enacted, That the fifty-fifth article of the first section of act of tenth April, eighteen hundred and six, chapter twenty, be, and the same is hereby, so amended as to read as follows: (See Fifty-fifth Article of War.)

"Article 55. Whoever, belonging to the armies of the United States in foreign parts, or at any place within the United States, or their Territories, during rebellion against the supreme authority of the United States, shall force a safeguard, shall suffer death."

Approved February 13, 1862.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, February 15, 1862.

Honorable THOMAS A. SCOTT,

Assistant Secretary of War, Cairo, Ill.:

Before returning extend your tour of inspection to Iowa, Wisconsin, and Minnesota.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, February 15, 1862.

The railroad operations of the War Department require that there should be a just and efficient system of railroad transport that would

