
EXECUTIVE OFFICE, IOWA, April 19, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

DEAR SIR: Inclosed find a letter from Honorable C. Baldwin, one of the justices of the supreme court of this State, resident at Council Bluffs, touching the uneasiness felt on the western ad northeaster frontier o account of the Indians. I wish you to consider it in connection with my request of the 18th, asking for a deposit of arms at Council Bluffs and Sioux City. Honorable John A. Keasson, First Assistant Postmaster-General, can give you reliable information on this subject.

Very respectfully,

SAMUEL J. KIRKWOOD.

[Inclosure.]

DAVENPORT, IOWA, April 19, 1861.

Honorable SIMOM CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

DEAR SIR: I have this day received letters from Council Bluffs advising me that since the withdrawal of the U. S. troops from Forst Randall and Kearny the people along the border of our State are alarmed somewhat, fearing that they may be annoyed by incursions from certain tribes of Indians, which of late years take every opportunity to commit outrages upon the frontier settlements. I our present national troubles we cannot expect much aid from the Federal Government, unless it would be to furnish us arms to defend ourselves compliance with the request of the Governor of our State, ad hope to hear from you favorably upon this subject.

Very respectfully,

CALEB BALDWIN.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., April 19, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Twenty-four hundred men in camp and less than half of them armed. Why has there been so much delay in seeding arms? We have received none, and cannot learn that they have ever been shipped. No officer here yet to muster troops into service. Not a pound of powder or a single ball sent to us, or any sort of equipment. Allow me to ask what is the cause of all this?

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

BY THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA:

A PROCLAMATION.

Whereas an insurrection against the Government of the United States has broken out in the States of South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, Louisiana, and Texas, and the laws of the United States for the collection of the revue cannot be effectually executed there conformably to that provision of the Constitution which requires duties to be uniform throughout the United States:

And whereas a combination of present, engaged in such insurrection, have threatened to grant pretended letters of marque to authorize the

