
ORDNANCE OFFICE, Washington, February 15, 1862.

Messrs. COOPER, HEWITT &amp; CO.,

Numbers 17 Burling Slip, New York:

GENTLEMEN: Your letter of the 14th instant has been received, and your account has been sent to the Treasury, with the special request that the amount of $21,000 be promptly remitted to you.

Respectfully, &c.,

JAS. W. RIPLEY,

Brigadier-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, February 17, 1862.

JESSE H. LEAVENWORTH, Esq.,

Denver City, Colo. Ter.:

SIR: The Secretary of War authorizes you to raise six companies of volunteer infantry in Colorado Territory. These, with the two companies of Colorado volunteer infantry (one at Fort Garland and the other serving in New Mexico) and the two independent companies of dismounted cavalry of Captains Backus and Sexton, will form a regiment of ten companies of infantry, of which, when organized, you will be mustered in as colonel.*

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

Numbers 14.] WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, D. C., February 18, 1862.

Respecting the presentation of rebel flags:

Ordered, By the President, Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the United States, that on the 22nd day of February, in the hall fo the House of Representatives, immediately after the Farewell Address of George Washington shall have been read, the rebel flags lately captured by the U. S. forces shall be presented to Congress by the Adjutant-General, to be disposed of as Congress may direct.

By order of the President:

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS OF THE ARMY, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 16. Washington, February 18, 1862.

I. The following concurrent resolutions of the two Houses of the Congress of the United States are published for the information of the Army:

Resolved, That the two Houses will assemble in the Chamber of the House of Representatives on Saturday, the 22nd day of February instant at 12 o'clock meridian, and that, in the presence of th two Houses of Congress thus assembled, the Farewell Address of George Washington to the People of the United States shall be read. And that the President of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of Representatives be requested to invite the President of the United States, the heads of the several Departments, the Judges of the Supreme Court, the representatives from all foreign Governments near this Government, and such officers of the Army and Navy and distinguished citizens as masy then be at the seat of Government, to be present on that occasion.

---------------

*Details of organization here omitted.

---------------

