
artillery, and according to Sir Howard Douglass they have not been altogether satisfactory. But the success that has attended Captain Parrott's plan, with a single cylindrical re-enforce, perfectly placed and properly put on, ought to justify the experiments heretofore proposed. Should the results anticipated be realized the armament of our forts can be at once economically and rapidly increased without interfering with the fabrication of cannon at the foundries.

There are many establishments in the loyal States where the heaviest castings are made which have never been engaged in the manufacture of cannon, and there is little doubt that with proper inducements their proprietors would be glad to turn their attention to this work. Proposals advertised for by the Ordnance Department for making guns of heavy calibers according to prescribed regulations and to be subjected to the usual inspection and proof before reception into service, or private circulares forth the wants of the Government, would doubtless rapidly develop resources and capacities for this kind of work of which we have now very little knowledge.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. B. McCLELLAN,

Major-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, February 20, 1862.

Major General B. F. BUTLER, Boston, Mass.:

The following telegram was sent to Governor Andrew last night:

Your communication of the 18th instant has just been received. This Department recognizes the right of a Governor to commission volunteer officers. If General Butler assumes to control your appointment or interfere with it he will transcend his authority and be dealt with accordingly. The Adjutant-General has left the Department and gone to the country, but to-morrow he will transmit an order to General Butler that will prevent his improper interference with your legitimate authority.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Washington, February 20, 1862.

Major General B. F. BUTLER, U. S. Volunteers,

Boston, Mass.:

The Secretary of War directs that all vacancies of commissioned officers in all New England regiments shall be filled by the Governors. General Williams is attached to your command. Fourteenth Connecticut is not organized. Acknowledge by telegraph.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

BOSTON, MASS., February 20, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

General Butler has in no way attempted to interfere with the legitimate authority of Governor Andrew.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

57 R R-SERIES III, VOL I

