
founded on their authority and established for their peace, safety, and happiness. For the advancement of these ends they have at all times an inalienable and indefeasible right to alter,k reform, or abolish the government in such manner as they may think proper," and "that, government being instituted for the common benefit, the doctrine of non resistance against arbitrary power and oppression is absurd, slavish, and destructive of the good and happiness of mankind."

These truths were recognized by the other States of the Union as being in perfect conformity to the genius and character of our federative system by their assenting to the admission of Tennessee as a member of the confederacy.

Having adopted these principles and claimed these rights for her own people, it would not be consistent with common honesty, much less magnanimity, to deny them to the free people of every other sovereign State; and applying these principles to the facts as thy exist in the States named by the President in his recent proclamation, Tennessee can regard the present coercive policy of the Federal Government in no other light than a wanton and alarming usurpation of power, at war with the genius of our republican institutions, and, so far as it may be successful, subversive of civil liberty. The loyalty of Tennessee to the Federal Government when constitutionally administered; the readiness with which her gallant sons have on all occasions responded to its call when threatened or invaded by a foll vindicate hee in the eyes of the civilized world, while the duplicity of the present Administration in its manner of inaugurating this unjust, unnecessary, and unnatural warfare will be consigned to history's darkest page. In such unholy crusade no gallant sen of Tennessee will ever draw his sword.

Respectfully,

ISHAM G. HARRIS.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 20, 1861.

His Excellency WILLIAM A. BUCKINGHAM,

Governor of Connecticut:

DEAR SIR: Yours of the 17th instant, in response to the call of the General Government for troops from the State of Connecticut, is received. With such patriotic ardor and energy as your very prompt response to the call exhibits, the Administration cannot fail to maintain the authority of the Government and vindicate the majesty of the laws and Constitution. Both for your early action and kind words of cheer be pleased to accept my hearty thanks.

I am, dear sir, very truly, yours,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Norwick, Conn., April 20, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: In obedience to a call on the citizens of this State for volunteers, a second regiment will rendezvous at New Haven and be ready to be mustered into the service immediately after the first. They will

