
danger of their loss. It will be the duty of the agent to deliver the letters intrusted to him at a convenient post-office daily, or as often as mails are forwarded therefrom. He will, with the letters, deliver duplicate lists of the same, giving the names of the writers, and the address upon the letters, one of which lists, with the registering fee, will be retained by the postmaster. The other copy, signed by the postmaster or registering clerk, will be returned to the agent, as his voucher for the faithful execution of his office.

By command of Major-General McClellan:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Albany, March 3, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: In anticipation that the bill now pending before Congress for the reorganization of the cavalry force of the Army will soon become a law, I desire to call your attention to its effect on the cavalry regiments from New York.

In the organization of regiments in this State for the service of the General Government care was taken that the ratio of the cavalry arm to the infantry should not exceed that prescribed by law-one of the former to nine of the latter. The present cavalry force now in the field from New York does not exceed that ratio.

I presume that in the proposed reduction the force will be distributed in equal ratio to the infantry from each State respectively. In such case, all the cavalry regiments from this State will be retained, and I hope they may be. I believe the material of all these regiments to be most excellent. I desire to see the men retained in that arm if possible.

As to the officers, the necessity which required that in the organization of regiments the claims of individuals who had raised and mustered the men should be regarded, thus causing in some cases the appointment of inexperienced officers, now no longer exists, and I secure for all regiments from this State competent and skillful officers.

I understand that the objection that formerly existed at the War Department against detaching officers from the regular cavalry regiments to the command of volunteers has been substantially withdrawn. If this be so, I shall be glad to avail myself of the fact in all cases where officers of these cavalry regiments shall be mustered out of the service from incompetency or where vacancies shall arise from other causes, by the appointment of such experienced officers of the Regular Army as may be permitted.

I have the honor to be, with high regard, you obedient servant,

E. D. MORGAN.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL., March 7, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Colonel L. H. Waters, a most competent officer, desires to raise a battalion of sharpshooters. Will you authorize him?

RICHARD YATES,

Governor of Illinois.

