
GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 24. Washington, March 13, 1862.

*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	*	* 	*

II. The following resolution of Congress is published for the information of all concerned:

A RESOLUTION providing for the payment of the awards of the commission to investigate the military claims in the Department of the West:

Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That all sums allowed to be due from the United States to individuals, companies, or corporations, by the commission heretofore appointed by the Secretary of War (for the investigation of military claims against the Department of the West), composed of David Davis, Joseph Holt, and Hugh Campbell, now sitting at Saint Louis, Mo., shall be deemed to be due and payable, and shall be paid by the disbursing officers, either in Saint Louis or Washington, in each case upon the presentation of the voucher with the commissioners' certificate thereon in any form plainly indicating the allowance of the claim and to what amount. This resolution shall apply only to claims and contracts for service, labor, or materials, and for subsistence, clothing, transportation, arms, supplies, and the purchase, hire, and construction of vessels.

Approved March 11, 1862.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Albany, March 13, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclosing herewith a copy of the bill now pending before the Legislature of the State appropriating moneys for the purpose of harbor and frontier protection and defense, to which I referred in my telegram of yesterday.

I am, with much respect, your obedient servant,

E. D. MORGAN.

[Inclosure.]

AN ACT to aid in repelling and defending in war the frontier of the United States within the limits of this State.

The people of the State of New York, represented in Senate and Assembly, do enact as follows:

SECTION 1. The sum of $5,000,000, or so much there of as may be necessary, is hereby appropriated for the use, and to be reimbursed by the United States at its pleasure, with such rate of interest as it may deem proper, the same to be expended under the direction of the proper authorities of the United States, for the purpose of harbor and frontier protection and defense, to defend this State in war, and to make preparations to repel invasion on the sea-coast, northern frontier line, and within the limits of the State of New York, to wit:

1. To erect such and so many temporary or permanent fortifications and defensive works at such points and places within the territorial

