
limits of said State of New York as the said authorities of the United States may deem necessary for the purposes aforesaid, and to cause to be manufactured or procured all needful ordnance, guns, carriages, and appurtenances, and all necessary ammunition and projectiles, for the purpose of putting all said fortifications and defensive works in an effective condition, together with all permanent fortifications now within this State belonging to the United States, and which are now fully armed and provided for.

2. For the purchase or manufacture of so many of the most approved and effective cannon mounted and ready for use in artillery service, and of so many of the most approved and effective small-arms, implements, and equipments as may be deemed necessary by the said authorities of the United States, after consultation with the Governor of this State, to arm the militia thereof.

3. For the construction and armament of iron-clad gun-boats and vessels-of-war.

SEC. 2. The Governor of this State is hereby authorized, upon the requisition of the military authorities of the United States, to accept the services and cause to be enrolled, from time to time, as may become necessary, for six months, unless sooner discharged, such number of volunteer companies or regiments as may be required, said volunteers to be armed, uniformed, subsisted, and transported by the United States, it being expressly understood that said force is to be used and employed in the manning of fortifications and defensive works of the United States, located in this State, and in such other military authorities of the United States in the absence from the State of the regular militia, or when their services are otherwise required. The said volunteer companies or regiments shall be officered in the same manner as is provided for officering the militia of the State, and when called into the service of the United States shall be subjected to the rules and regulations of the United States, so far as the same are applicable, and shall be entitled to and receive the same pay and rations while in actual service as the officers and privates in the Army of the United States.

SEC. 3. The jurisdiction of this State is hereby ceded to the United States over all lands necessary for and to be purchased by the United States for the purpose of carrying out the provisions of this act, except that this State retains a concurrent jurisdictions with the United States so far as that all civil and criminal process may be executed therein, except so far as such process may affect the real and personal estate of the United States, and the said lands and property shall be exempt from taxation: Provided, however, That when the United States shall cease to use the lands so required for the public purposes contemplated by this act the same shall revert to and become the property of the people of this State.

SEC. 4. The Governor of this State is hereby authorized and requested to open forthwith communicatio of the United States in order to give full force and effect to this act.

SEC. 5. This act shall take effect when the Executive of the United States shall signify approval of its objects and a willingness to carry into effect its provisions, and in such event the comptroller of this State is hereby authorized and directed, for the purpose of raising and providing the said $5,000,000, or so much thereof as may be deemed necessary by him, after consultation with the proper officers of the United States, to borrow, on the credit of the State, from time to time,

59 R R-SERIES III, VOL I

