
be armed with Colt patent-breech revolving rifles. I have the honor to tender their services to the President for the purpose of enforcing the laws and maintaining the dignity of the Government, and trust you will accept the same.

Waiting your orders, I am, yours, with high consideration.

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM.

WAR DEPARTMENT, April 20, 1861.

His Excellency Governor YATES,

Springfield, Ill.:

Please send two or three regiments of your quota of military to support the garrison of the Saint Louis Arsenal, and to receive their arms and accouterments there. The commander of that arsenal will also have instructions from me to issue those arms and accouterments and 10,000 more to such agent as Your Excellency may appoint, for which extra arms and accouterments the States of Illinois will be held responsible to this Government.

Very respectfully,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., April 20, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

I tender you six additional regiments. They are now forming, and can be in the field in six days. It is very important that we have twenty-four cannon of long range for State defense, for the defense of the river towns. Can they not be sent from Pittsburg at once? Will you not allow me to put the arms you send into the hands of the men in camp at once?

O. P. MORTON,

Governor of Indiana.

AUGUSTA, April 20, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Our people are anxious to do something. Shall we commence in view of raising five regiments, and shall we prepare to send our troops by steamboat?

I. WASHBURN, JR.

WAR DEPARTMENT, Washington, April 20, 1861.

His Excellency JOHN A. ANDREW,

Governor of Massachusetts:

DEAR SIR: I take pleasure in acknowledging the receipt of yours of the 15th and 18th instant, and of thanking you for the promptness sand energy with which you have responded to the call of the Government. The order to furnish you with the required arms was transmitted to the superintendent of the armory at Springfield by telegraph. At present

