
It is only that by bad fortune I have been kept separated from the men I recruited with so much pride and so much pains, and that they have been, like myself, lost sight of in sending men to the field. Help us, judge, if you can, and I will be forever grateful.

Yours, with sincere respect.

JAMES COOPER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Maryland Volunteers.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, March 19, 1862.

His Excellency the GOVERNOR OF MAINE:

The Secretary of War desires an immediate telegraphic report of whole number of organized regiments, companies, or batteries, of cavalry, artillery, and infantry now mustered, or ready to be mustered, into U. S. service, but still within the limits of your State. Please furnish a detailed statement of the same in writing at the earliest possible date.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

(Same to Governors of New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Virginia, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Missouri, Michigan, Iowa, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Kansas, Connecticut, and Major General John A. Dix, Baltimore, Md., and Major H. B. Judd, U. S. Army, superintendent volunteer recruiting service, Wilmington, Del.)

VOLUNTEER RECRUITING SERVICE,

GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT'S OFFICE,

Wilmington, Del., March 19, 1862.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL U. S. ARMY:

SIR: In reply to your dispatch, received at 4.30 p.m. to-day, I sent immediately the following answer:

Besides the troops at Fort Delaware and a detachment of Maryland Home Guards which return to Maryland to-morrow, there are between 600 and 700 men of the Third Delaware Regiment at Cantonment Fisher, near Camden.

Thinking this might not reach Washington until you had retired from your office for the night, I addressed the message to the Secretary of War. There is but little left for detail. Colonel Wallace, with three companies of the Maryland Home Guards-by what authority I have not been able to learn-after visiting the principal towns of this State for the purpose, as I was informed, of collecting certain arms issued by the Governor to companies of volunteers called Home Guards, will return to his station at Salisbury, Md., to-morrow. His command has occupied the vacant rooms of the post-office building in this city for the past four days.

The Third Regiment, or as it is really the fourth regiment of Delaware Volunteers, is nearly completed at the camp of rendezvous and instruction which I have established near Camden, three miles south of Dover. I have mustered in the lieutenant- colonel, and about 150 men are wanting to fill up the regiment, so that the colonel may also be mustered in. I have supplied the men with clothing, subsistence, and everything necessary for their health and comfort. I have on hand in store here a full supply of tents and camp equipage, and am only awaiting the

