
signature of the lieutenant-colonel, who commands the regiment, to forward a requisition for arms, &amp;c. The men are a quiet, orderly set, most of them from the country, and the success in recruiting, as well as the care taken of them, had nearly extinguished any unfavorable sentiments which might have lingered in a State whose loyalty has been manifested by offering so large a portion of her citizens for the service of the country. I know of no military organizations of any description in the State of Delaware, either mustered or ready to be mustered into service, other than what I have reported.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY B. JUDD,

Major, U. S. Army.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., March 19, 1862.

His Excellency A. W. BRADFORD,

Governor of Maryland:

GOVERNOR: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 17th instant, which has been referred to the Adjutant-General for a report upon the organization of the military forces of Maryland in the service of the United States. As soon as the report is received the decision of the Department on the questions you submit will be communicated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

BOSTON. (Received 3.30 p.m., March 19, 1862.)

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Honorable Francis B. Crowninshield undertakes to learn what can be done here about gun-boats for you (how soon and by whom). Will send information forthwith. Massachusetts shall serve you faithfully. Please telegraph me about what sizes and descriptions for a dozen gun-boats you contemplate. Probably you had best name a commission here to act for you ultimately. Massachusetts will begin an Ericsson without delay.

JNO. A. ANDREW.

5 BOWLING GREEN,

New York, March 20, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Please send me the necessary authority for action; by this day's mail will be in time. The ship leaves to-morrow. Please answer.

C. VANDERBILT.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, [March 20, 1862.]

C. VANDERBILT, Esq.,

New York City, N. Y.:

SIR: The President desires to turn to the utmost account your patriotic and generous gift to the Government of the great steamship

