
Vanderbilt, and to use and employ that ship for protection and defense against the rebel iron-clad ship Merrimac, and to secure at the present time the advantage of your great energy and nautical experience; and to that end, having accepted your gift of the Vanderbilt, he authorizes and directs me to receive her into the service of the War Department, and to use and employ the said steamship and her officers and crew, under your supervision, direction, and command, to aid in the protection and defense of the transports now in the service of this Department on Chesapeake Bay, Hampton Roads, and adjacent waters, and wherever the said transports may be bound. Confiding in your patriotic motives and purposes, as well as in your skill, judgment, and energy, full discretion and authority are conferred upon you to arm, equip, navigate, use, manage, and employ the said steamship Vanderbilt, with such commander and crew and under such instructions as you may deem fit for the purposes hereinbefore expressed. Instructions will be given to the Quartermaster- General to furnish you with supplies, and to treat and recognize the Vanderbilt, her officers and crew, as in the Government service, and under the special orders of this Department. Whatever instructions or authority you may require for the proper conduct and efficiency of said steamship in the Government whom you may place in command of said ship you will give such instructions as you may deem proper, communicating a copy thereof to this Department for its information.

By order of the President:

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

INDIANAPOLIS, IND., March 20, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The Sixtieth Regiment Indiana Volunteers complete and on duty guarding rebel prisoners; Sixty-first and Sixty-third Regiments each about half full and recruiting slowly; Thirteenth, Fourteenth, and Fifteenth [Batteries] Artillery waiting for horses and equipments; Sixteenth, Seventeenth, and Eighteenth Batteries organizing slowly. No cavalry forming.

LAZ. NOBLE,

Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Augusta, Me., March 20, 1862.

General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General United States:

SIR: In response to your telegram of the 19th, received this morning, I have the honor to inform you that there are no infantry companies of volunteers raised for the service of the United States now remaining in this State; that there are five full batteries, of most superb material, now at Portland. They have been ready to march since about January 1, and are all most anxious to receive marching orders. Allow me to express the earnest hope that the may be called for immediately. The cavalry regiment consists of twelve companies. Four are now, it is believed, on the Potomac; four are this day en route for the same destination, and the rest will leave immediately.

I have the honor to be, your obedient servant,

ISRAEL WASHBURN, Jr.

