
that duty, and said place or in the quality and character of the articles mentioned in said list or schedule so kept as shall be required by said officer shall be conformed to by each sutler. And such officer shall report each inspection to the inspectors- general.

SEC.6. And be it further enacted, That no person shall be permitted to act as a sutler unless appointed according to the provisions of this act; nor shall any person be sutler for more than one regiment; nor shall any sutler farm out or underlet the business of sutling or the privileges granted to him by his appointment; not shall any officer of the Army receive from any sutler any money or other presents; not be interested in any way in the stock, trade, or business of any sutler; and any officer receiving such presents, or being thus interested, directly or indirectly, shall be punished at the discretion of a court- martial. No sutler shall sell to an enlisted man on credit to a sum exceeding one-fourth of his monthly pay within the same mouth; nor shall the regimental quartermasters allow the use of Army wagons for sutlers' purposes; nor shall the quartermaster's conveyances be used for the transportation of sutlers' supplies.

SEC.7. And be it further enacted, That any sutler who shall violate any of the provisions of this act shall, be the colonel, with consent of the council of administration, be dismissed from the service and be ineligible to a reappointment as sutler in the service of the United States.

Approved March 19, 1862.

III. A RESOLUTION to authorize the Secretary of War to accept moneys appropriated by any State for the payment of its volunteers, and to apply the same as directed by such State.

Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, That if any State, during the present rebellion, shall make any appropriation to pay the volunteers of that State, the Secretary of War is hereby authorized to accept the same, and cause it to be applied, by the Paymaster-General, to the payments designated by the legislative acts making the appropriation in the same manner as if appropriated by act of Congress; and also to make any regulations that may be necessary for the disbursement and proper application of such funds to the specific purpose for which they may be appropriated by the several States.

Approved March 19, 1862.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Des Moines, Iowa, March 21, 1862.

Adjutant-General THOMAS,

Washington, D. C.:

GENERAL: Your telegram to the Governor of this State has been received, and I am directed to answer that portion which requires a detailed statement in writing in relation to regiments now mustered into, or ready to be mustered into, the U. S. service. All our regiments of infantry, from the Second to the Sixteenth, inclusive, are mustered in and out of the State. The Fifteenth arrived at Saint Louis to-day at noon, and it is presumed that the Sixteenth will be there in less than twenty-four hours, if not already there. Four regiments of cavalry are in the field, and we [are] not organizing any other regiment of that arm

