
of the service. Four batteries of artillery are in the field, and we are organizing no other. The only regiment which we are now organizing is the Seventeenth Infantry, which is rapidly filling up.

The Governor desires me to say that whenever your Department gives authority to any person to raise a regiment in this State that it will be done with the full understanding that said regiment is needed. The Governor can make no inquiry into the necessity of the case, but the authority being given by your Department will at once, be acted on and the regiment filled up.

I have the honor to be, with great respect, your obedient servant, truly, yours,

N. B. BAKER,

Adjutant-General of Iowa.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,

Madison, Wis., March 21, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have this day replied briefly by telegraph to the Adjutant-General, as requested, to his dispatch stating that you request a report of the "whole number of organized regiments, companies, or batteries, of cavalry, artillery, and infantry now mustered or ready to be mustered into U. S. service, but within the limits of this State," and I herewith comply with the additional request to "furnish a detailed statement of the same in writing at the earliest possible date."

Under orders from General Halleck, received about February 20, to forward all our troops to Saint Louis as rapidly as possible, I proceeded to the completion of the organization of all of the regiments and companies in the several camps of the State and to arrangements for their transportation to Saint Louis. Under these arrangements I have already forwarded to Saint Louis the following:

March 2, Fifteenth Infantry, Colonel H. C. Heg; March 8, Fourteenth Infantry, Colonel D. E. Wood; March, 13, Sixteenth Infantry, Colonel Benjamin Allen; March 15, three artillery companies; March 17, First Cavalry, Colonel Daniels; March 18, three artillery companies; March 20, Seventeenth Infantry.

Our arrangements are also made for forwarding the following regiments to Saint Louis on the days named, and all are fully organized except the Nineteenth Infantry, which will be ready by the day se for its departure:

March 22, Second Cavalry, Colonel Washburn; March 25, Third Cavalry, Colonel Barstow; March 27, Eighteenth Infantry, Colonel Alban; March 29, Nineteenth Infantry, Colonel Sanders.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

L. P. HARVEY,

Governor of Wisconsin.

SAINT PAUL, March 21, 1862.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General, Washington, D. C.:

There are now within the limits of the State and mustered into the U. S. service one regiment of infantry, one company of sharpshooters,

