
IV.-Table showing the armament required for the temporary works that should be thrown up in the event of a war with a naval power becoming probable.

15-	 10-	 8-	 8-	 32-

inch	 inch	 inch	 inch	 pound

sea-	 ers

coast

howit

zers

Long Island Head, Boston	 --	 13	 12	 --	 13

Harbor

Other positions in Boston	 --	 8	 7	 --	 8

Harbor

Gloucester and other places	 --	 25	 25	 --	 25

enumerated above

Total	 --	 46	 44	 --	 46

24-	 24-	 Morta	 Total	 Grand

pound	 pound	 rs,	 total

ers	 er	 and	 inclu

howit	 field	 ding

zers	 piece	 guns

s	 only

above

24-

pound

ers

Long Island Head, Boston	 12	 --	 --	 38	 50

Harbor

Other positions in Boston	 7	 --	 --	 23	 30

Harbor

Gloucester and other places	 25	 --	 --	 75	 100

enumerated above

Total	 44	 --	 --	 136	 180

It must be borne in mind that a portion of the armament designated for the works now completed, or approaching completion, has already been provided, and this must be deducted from the amount specified for these works in Table I.

RECAPITULATION.

The substance of the above views is as follows:

First. The appropriations recently made by Congress will suffice for the completion of the permanent defenses now under construction in Boston Harbor, and will allow of material progress being made upon the fort which is building at New Bedford.

Second. Permanent forts should be commenced as soon as possible at Provincentown Harbor, Salem, Marblehead, and on Egg Island Shoal, New Bedford Harbor. Funds for commencing these may be derived from the State, following the suggestions of Mr. Seward's circular on the subject.

Third. Other towns and harbors on the coast should be provided with defenses of a permanent character hereafter whenever means can be spared for the purpose.

Fourth. In the event of war being probable temporary works should be resorted to in a number of places as substitutes for the permanent works not yet built, or as additions to the defenses of some important places.

Fifth. Heavy ordnance has yet to be provided and for those yet to be both for fortifications now about completed and for those yet to be constructed, permanent and temporary. The preparation of this ordnance canot be urged forward to vigorously or unremittingly, for while the temporary works can be constructed in a few weeks, perhaps days, the armaments for them can be prepared only by material expenditures of time, money, and labor. To build these works when the armament for them cannot be supplied will be useless, may be very prejudicial to us, and it is equally true of the strong permanent forts that they cannot properly serve their purpose until they are fully armed with the heavy guns which are designed to be placed in them.

I have the honor, &amp;c.,

JOS. G. TOTTEN,

Brevet Brigadier-General and Colonel of Engineers.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., March 22, 1862.

JOHN V. L. FINDLAY,

Annapolis, Md.:

SIR: The Secretary of War directs me to acknowledge the receipt of your letter without date, desiring to know "whether the original

