
requisition of the President upon Maryland for 15,000 troops will be demanded," and to inform you in reply that your letter was referred to the Adjutant-General, who has returned it to this Department with the following indorsement:

It is not thought that any more troops will be required from Maryland beyond the number that has been raised, or is now organizing within her boundaries.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

P. H. WATSON,

Assistant Secretary of War.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Saint Paul, Minn., March 22, 1862.

Brigadier General L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General of the Army, Washington:

GENERAL: In compliance with your telegraphic dispatch of the 20th instant I have the honor herewith to transmit a detailed statement of the whole number of the volunteer military organizations mustered into the U. S. service and still within the limits of the State. I shall likewise furnish you by to-day's mail, as I have done heretofore, a consolidated tri-monthly return of all the volunteer troops within the State,* and remain,

Very respectfully,

OSCAR MALMROS,

Adjutant-General State of Minnesota.

[Inclosure.]

Statement of the whole number of organized regiments and independent companies Minnesota Volunteers now mustered into the service of the United States, but still within the limits of the State of Minnesota.

Arm	 Commanding	 Tota	 Total	 Remarks

officers	 l	 enlis

comm	 ted

issi	 men

oned

offi

cers

4th Regiment	 Colonel 	 33	 828	 Under orders to

Infantry	 John B.	 	 	 report at the

Sanborn	 	 	 headquarters of the

Department of the

Mississippi, Major-

General Halleck

commanding.

5th Regiment	 Lieutenant	 20	 730 	 General rendezvous,

Infantry	 Colonel 	 	 	 Fort Snelling; one

Lucius F.	 	 	 company ordered on

Hubbard	 	 	 detached service to

Fort Abercrombie.

2nd Battery	 Captain W.	 3	 127	 Under orders to

Light	 A. Hotchkiss	 	 	 report at the

Artillery	 	 	 	 headquarters of the

Department of the

Mississippi, Major-

General Halleck

commanding.

2nd Company	 Captain 	 3	 98	 Under orders to

Minnesota	 William F.	 	 	 report at the

Sharpshooters	 Russell	 	 	 headquarters of the

Department of the

Mississippi, Major-

General Halleck

commanding.

I certify that the above statement is correct.

OSCAR MALMROS,

Adjutant-General State of Minnesota.

SAINT PAUL, March 22, 1862.

GENERAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT. GENERAL'S OFFICE, No. 30. Washington, March 24, 1862.

I. The very great carelessness shown by many detached officers in keeping this office advised of their movements and address, makes it

---------------

*Omitted.

---------------

