
necessary to recall, in a particular manner, to the attention of every officer of the Army paragraphs 176, 188, and 468 of the General Regulations, by which all officers and detached service and leave of absence are required to make monthly reports of their address, as well as of every charge in their address to this office, and also to their post and regimental commanders.

II. The attention of officers commanding regiments, both volunteer and regular, and of all commanders of military departments, separate armies, detached army corps, divisions, and brigades, is once more directed to the subject of returns, and to the absolute necessity of promptly furnishing this office, within the first three days of every month, with an exact return of the forces under their command.

III. The commanding officers of all military departments and troops in the field are also reminded that by General Orders, No. 85, of October 1, 1861, they are required to furnish this office with tri-monthly field returns of their command on the 10th, 20th, and last day of each month.

IV. The exceeding importance at this moment of the information derived from the above reports and returns-information which can in no other way be obtained-obliges the Secretary of War to reiterate the existing orders on the subject, and to notify all commanding officers that these orders must in future be more punctually obeyed. To this end he directs that General Orders, No. 74, of September 10, 1861, be republished to the troops by their corps, division, and brigade commanders, and urges upon all commanding officers the necessity of giving to this subject their own earnest and unceasing attention.

V. Justice to enlisted men who are separated from their companies requires that they should have with them descriptive rolls showing the pay due them, their clothing accounts, and everything which would be required in settling with the Government should they be discharged. Without such papers the men cannot receive the pay due them. The especial attention of company commanders is directed to this subject.

VI. The enlisted men on extra duty in the several bureaus, offices, and hospitals, and at the different headquarters in this city, instead of being paid on separate vouchers, as heretofore, will be mustered together in detachments, under the direction of their respective chiefs. The rolls may be made monthly, so as to constitute consolidated vouchers for each disbursing officer whose duty it may be to pay the men, and will be receipted after the manner of ordinary muster and pay rolls, at the time payment is made.

By order of the Secretary of War:

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE,

Topeka, Kans., March 24, 1862.

L. THOMAS,

Adjutant-General U. S. Army, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have the honor to inclose report of the condition of the Kansas regiments, as near as it can be ascertained from data on file in this office.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. ROBINSON,

Governor of Kansas.

