
great State of New York and yourself, as her Executive, and for which I beg to tender you my most grateful acknowledgments.

I am, dear sir, very truly, yours,

SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War.

ALBANY, N. Y., April 20, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

Four regular and two volunteer regiments have been to-day ordered to Washington by fast sailing steamers up the Potomac, making ten in all. Your dispatch of this date is received.

E. D. MORGAN.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Albany, N. Y., April 20, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington City:

SIR: I have the honor to inform you that in addition to the Seventh Regiment, which I suppose is now in Washington, I yesterday ordered the Sixth, Twelfth, and Seventy-first Regiments, all of the First Division, New York State Militia, to proceed at once to Washington. After receiving your dispatch of this date, I directed that they should proceed by fast steamer up the Potomac. I suppose they will get off to-night. I have to- day ordered two additional regiments from the First Division (General Sanford) and two regiments from the Second Division (General Duryeea, Brooklyn), and also two volunteer regiments, respectively commanded by Colonel Ellsworth and Colonel Wilson. The four regular regiments ordered to-day will not be more than thirty-six hours getting under way. The volunteer regiments will follow almost immediately. At least two more volunteer regiments from this city and Troy will be ready next week.

I am, truly, yours,

E. D. MORGAN.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Columbus, Ohio, April 20, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

I desire a suitable U. S. officer to be detailed at once to take command of the volunteers of Cincinnati and to provide for the defense of that city in co-operation with myself. I strongly desire an immediately affirmative answer, that I may assure the people of that city of the fact. The volunteers are outside of the State organization of militia, and the purpose of their organization is purely local. I am concentrating our artillery force at that point.

W. DENNISON,

Governor of Ohio.

PHILADELPHIA, April 20, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: A Committee of Public Safety, to look to the defense of this city, has been organized, and ten regiments, to be composed principally of military exempts, will be raised and equipped here in a short time.

