
with this Department and under its direction, and from patriotic motives devote some time and attention for thirty days in purchasing and preparing such means of defense on the Western waters against iron-clad boats as the engineers of this Department may devise.

Second. Designate one of your most capable and substantial citizens, who would accept the temporary appointment of assistant quartermaster, and in that official capacity make such contracts, audit and adjust such accounts as the Department would authorize in the above business. My object is to bring the energetic, patriotic spirit and enlightened practical judgment of your city to aid the Government in a matter of great moment, where hours must count and dollars not be squandered. Please let me know quickly as possible whether the desire of the Department can be effected, and furnish me with the names of the committee and the person designated to act as assistant quartermaster-general.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CINCINNATI, March 26, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

Dispatch received. I will act at once and report names as soon as possible.

JOSEPH C. BUTLER,

President of the Chamber of Commence.

CINCINNATI, OHIO, March 26, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON:

The committee of Chamber of Commerce, loyal, active, patriotic men, are Thomas Sherlock, Miles Greenwood, and Henry A. Jones, all familiar with engine and steam-boat building. For assistant quartermaster, William Hooper, faithful, responsible, and very capable. All parties named are known to the Secretary of Treasury personally or by repulation. All will serve pro bono patria. To avoid agitation or alarm I have not brought your dispatch publicly to attention of members of the chamber, but acted individually in my official capacity. I will cheerfully bring the names up for ratification before a full chamber if deemed advisable by you.

JOSEPH C. BUTLER,

President Chamber of Commerce.

OFFICE OF CINCINNATI CHAMBER OF COMMERCE,

March 26, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

DEAR SIR: I have telegraph you to-day of the appointment of Messrs. Thomas Sherlock, Miles Greenwood, and Henry A. Jones, a committee of active and experienced men, to aid the Government in the emergency of preparation for defense of Western waters. I also named William Hooper for the position of assistant quartermaster, to act under the emergency of a temporary appointment. Mr. Hooper is a wealthy, shrewd, faithful, and very capable gentleman. The bearer of

