
this, Thomas Sherlock, esq., is first gentleman named in the above committee. He visit Washington on special business and returns immediately. For years he has been one of the most extensive owners of our Western river steamers and will not ardently and actively give the Government the benefit of his experience and practical judgment. In my dispatch to-day I stated whey I had not given publicity on change to your dispatch, namely, that it might create unnecessary alarm and surmise in the public mind, but that if you thought best for public reasons I would cheerfully bring up the matters and names for ratification. I also stated that the Honorable Secretary of Treasury was acquainted personally or by reputation with all of the gentleman named.

Very respectfully,

JOSEPH C. BUTLER,

President of Chamber of Commerce.

P. S.-I hold myself individually or officially subject to your commands in every way that I can serve my country.

JOSEPH C. BUTLER.

PITTSBURG, March 26, 1865.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

The meeting will be held at 4 o'clock this day and all you wish be done right and without delay.

WM. McCREARY,

Vice-President Pittsburg Board of Trade.

PITTSBURG, March 26, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Board of Trade designate William K. Nimikck for assistant quartermaster; James Parke, jr., Isaac Jones, and Joseph Dilworth for comminute.

GEO. H. THURSTON,

Secretary Board of Trade.

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, March 26, 1862.

His Excellency A. W. BRADFORD,

Governor of Maryland, Annapolis, Md.:

SIR: In reply to your letter of the 17th instant, the Secretary of War directs me to say that it is desired that the Executive of maryland shall exercise the power of appointing the regimental and company office of the United States. In order, however, not to displace complement officers now serving in these capacities, it is desired that such be commissioned Your Excellency, to date from the respective periods at which they entered the U. S. service, and that such as may be considered incompetent be not commissioned unless passed upon favorably by a military board to be convened for their examination by Major-General Dix, commanding at Baltimore. The Secretary also requests that you will confer with Major-General Dix in regard to the suggestion

