
WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, D. C., March 29, 1862.

A. S. BURNETT, Esq.,

Mayor of New Albany:

This Department returns thanks for your discreet, prompt, and energetic action. It is just I desired. Charles Ellet, esq., the engineer of this Department, started West yesterday to direct the work that is desired. He has instructions to proceed from Cincinnati to New Alabany and confer with and give directions. Before receiving your dispatch I had conferred with Senator Wright, Mr. Cravens, and Mr. Brown, of your city. The latter- gentleman at my earnest request consented to act as quartermaster, but as you have provided a proper person I will adopt him. Mr. Ellet will be with you speedily. Please acknowledge this.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

NEW ALABANY, March 29, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

our dispatch of 29th instant received. Will cheerfully co-operate with you in anything desirable.

A. S. BURNETT,

Mayor.

[MARCH 29, 1862.-For Ellet to Stanton, relating to construction of ram fleet, &amp;c., see Series I, Vol. X, art II, p. 78.

NEW YORK, March 30, 1862.

Honorable EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington, D. C.:

SIR: I have advices of the shipment per steamer Bavaria, which sailed from Hamburg march 24, of seventy-mine Dresden rifles consigned to Hiram Barney, esq., collector, New York. the bill of landing and invoice are sent by that steamer. I will send them to you immediately upon her arrival. This completest the delivery of all the arms purchased by me in Europe. I have for Washington to- morrow to close my accounts, as requested by you, and shall be pleased if I can render any assistant to Messrs. Holt and Owen, commissioners appointed by you.

Respectfully, yours, &c.,

GEORGE L. SCHUYLER.

ENGINEER DEPARTMENT,

Washington, March 31, 1862.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: On the letter of His Excellency the Governor of the State of Maine of the 11th of March, referred to this office, I have the honor to report:

The views of this Department respecting the defenses of the harbor and city of Portland and of the coast of Maine generally have been

