
98. At this instant of answering the man will step off briskly in a natural gait, his hands, without gloves on, hanging in an easy, traveling position, to, and in front of, the mustering officer and surgeon, who will, in most cases, be able to discover, while the man is approaching and passing, whether he is sound and suitable for service. If the man be accepted, he will pass on and join the first lieutenant, who will form the company in the same order aa before, see that the rear rank men cover those in front, and intervals preserved between the grades, so that the number in each may be easily distinguished and counted.

99. If the mustering officer and surgeon are not satisfied to receive nor reject a man by his appearance and movemirect him to stop for a more critical examination, and, if necessary, require him to strip at side convenient place, when the others shall have been called. Those rejected will be turned off and their names marked out the list, and they must not be suffered to join any other company.

* * * *

101. By this manner of inspecting a company may be examined in about half an hour, and the officers will be able to judge with great accuracy be the close observance of a man's size, figure, motions, hands, eyes, and general appearance-all which must be scrutinized-whether he will pass muster. The examination of a company naked, with the inconvenience generally felt at such places by the want of suitable buildings, would require two or three hours.

102. The captain and other officers, and, indeed, every man, are obligated to inform each other and the inspecting officers when making up the company and at the muster of any concealed or known lameness, breach, defect, or disease in any one of the company, and the officers who enrolled the company will be held to refund the amount of pay and clothing furnished to any man who may be discharged or found to be unfit for service within three months from the muster into service in consequence of any rupture, defect, of disease he can show to the commanding general that the causes of unfitness occurred after the muster, not before.

103. When all the men have been called and accepted, the mustering officer, accompanied by the captain, will count the number in each grade and see that they correspond with the number in each grade and see that they correspond with the number of names on the list and agreeing with the prescribed organization.

104. The mustering officer will then recommend to the company to take the oath of allegiance contained in the tenth article of the Rules and Articles of War, this being proper to insure subordination and faithful on the part of the men who have, by enrollment and muster as volunteers, enlisted in the service of the United States; and it may have effect in securing the benefit of land bounty and pension. It is not absolutely necessary, but proper, reciprocally, that the oath be administered, yet the men are fully bound to the service by the act of mustering. The substance of the oath may be mentioned beforehand if required. He will direct the company, officers included, to uncover their heads and hold up their right hands, and then, in a loud and very distinct, impressive manner, administer the following (see also article 97): 105. "All and each of you do solemnly swear (or affirm, l bear true allegiance to the United States of America, and that you will serve them honestly and faithfully against all their enemies or opposes whatsoever, and obey the

