
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Norwich, Cann., April 12, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CARMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

SIR: I addressed you yesterday by mail, and lest my letter may have failed to reach you I beg to repeat my offer, and say that by my orders a second regiment of Connecticut Volunteers will rendezvous in New Haven immediately after the first. They will be armed with Colt patent-breech revolving rifles and with Sharps rifles . I have the honor of offering their services to the President, to be used for the execution of the laws and the preservation of the dignity of the Government, and trust you will accept the same and have them mustered into service.

I dispatch this by Colonel William A. Aiken, a special messenger, in whom you may place entire confidence, and by whom I should be happy to receive any communication you may be pleased to make .

Yours, with high consideration.

WM. A. BUCKINGHAM.

DETROIT, April 21, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

MY DEAR SIR: I inclose a communication from the adjutant-general of the State. The Governor has called out two regiments. One is full and ready to march at a moment's notice, but is not properly uniformed and equipped. The other will be complete in two or three dasy. There are besides these regiments a large number of full companies not yet organized into regiments. I will esteem if you will officially call for at least four more regiments immediately from this State. We have raised about $100,000 by private subscription as a loan to the State to equip them.

Very truly, yours,

Z. CHANDLER,

[Inclosure.]

ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE, Detroit, Mich., April 20, 1861.

Honorable Z. CHANDLER:

DEAR SIR: The Governor of this State has ordered into service two regimens, although the requisition from the War Department only calls for one. Will you please to use your influence with the War Department, so that both regiments may be received as a brigade, ad to have the necessary instructions issued to the Governor to that effect?

Will you please answer?

Your obedient servant,

JNO. ROBERTSON,

Adjutant-General Michigan Militia.

MONDAY, April 21, 1861-5 p. m.

[General WINFIELD SCOTT:]

MY DEAR GENERAL: I received at midnight a dispatch from Larz Anderson, S. F. Vinton, Groesbeck, and several other influential men in Cincinnati, urging me to get in some manner a message to you that you might recommend George B. McClellan to Governor Dennison as a suit-

7 R R-SERIES III, VOL. I

