
able man to be placed at the head of military affairs in Cincinnati, and requesting that the same communication be sent to the President, General Cameron, and Governor Chase.

My efforts during the day to induce the telegraph company to establish a steam communication by small faust tugs between Elkton Station and Annapolis having failed, I send a special messenger, who will deliver you this and bring back your reply, unless the telegraphic communication with Columbus be re- established, in which case I presume you will express you views to the Governor direct.

The Harriet Lane left Sandy hook Sunday night at 8 o'clock, covering the Baltic, R. R. Cuyler, coatza coalcos, Colubmia, and one or two other steamers, with three full New York regiments (Sixth, Twelfth, Seventy-first), and mustering about 2,500 men, and Burnished's Rhode Island regiment, 800 men, and Governor Sprague's, 700 men, and others which I cannot remember, numbering in all 4,000, well armed and equipped; all the steamers with extra stores and supplies. The Ariel, De Soto, and other steamers have gone to-day with 2,000, mainly Massachusetts and Rhode Island men, and to-morrow others follow, with, it is thought, 2,500, including the Sixty-ninth (Irish) Regiment and Colonel Duryea's Brooklyn.

I saw Captain Eldrige yesterday on his return from Fort Monroe, where he landed 1,000 Massachusetts men on Saturday, bringing back a requisition from Colonel Dimick for provisions. These leave this evening in the propeller Chesapeake, and having no troops, a small detachment of regulars (ten or twelve) will accompany the stores, ad I have suggested to Dahlgren gun ad ammunition,but now that Colonel Keyes has gone, I am at a loss how to procure action on my suggestion. Colonel Keyes left in the Baltic. She also took some sixty or sixty- five U. S. troops.

The steamers will with this weather reach Old Point Comfort in twenty-two to twenty-six hours after passing Sandy Hook.

Governor Morgan was in town yesterday, and needs, I think, a good adjutant-a West Point man. General Wool moves his headquarters to this city to-day.

Colonel Dimick expressed to Captain Eldridge his great need of a steamer to communicate with the navy-yard, &amp;c. I have suggested to the quartermaster to allow the Chesapeake to remain at Fort Monroe until he could hear from Washington, and the vessel (under charter at $450 a day) be replaced by a less expensive one; but he has no authority, and unless the underwriters will sanction the expense, the vessels going in and out of the causes may have to take their chance until the Government can place an armed vessel on the station. It may be well to send orders in case she has been kept on pay. She is a large and rather fast propeller, and cold mont four or six guns easily.

The enthusiasm is beyond all belief, and the community acting as one man to uphold the Government and to uphold order in the city. AN attempt to get up a feeling to seize the Southern steamers here has utterly failed, and so also the attempt to arrest Southern deposits in our banks. It will be for the Government to decide on these matters. The New Orleans and other Southern banks have considerable deposits, ad the will probably draw gold and order it home, but I have no doubt it will leave New York in safety whatever be its fate afterwards.

I leave with you, General, the request of our Cincinnati friends that their wishes be laid before the President and the other gentlemen named. Command me on all occasions, and believe me ever, sincerely, your friend.

WM. H. ASPINWALL.

