
The bearer, Mr. Dall, is every way reliable, and has unusual energy. It is enough to say he is a brother of Captain Dall, with whom you visited Oregon.

If the wires are yet down, a fast steam-tug could make three or four trips during the twenty-four hours between Elkton and annapolis or Baltimore, if order is restored there.

U. S. steamship Niagara goes to Old Point Comfort from Boston to-day.

The propeller Monticello, armed with one 10-inch gun and two 32- pounders, left yesterday to convoy to Annapolis.

The steam-boat Yankee, with two 32-pounders, leaves to-day to convoy from Annapolis to Havre de Grace; six feet draft of water. Lieutenant Fox goes in her, and takes a memorandum from me about submarine telegraph from Washington to points on the Chesapeake and Potomac.

James S. Wadsworth went yesterday in large steamer Kill-von-Kull from Elizabethport to New York. Took horses, men, carts, and railroad tools, and also artillery and provisions to Annapolis. Can transports as many men as the Maryland.

The bearer, Ben. Holiday, beef contractor, from California, has unusual energy, intelligence, and will. He wants to make his suggestions, which you will find valuable;.

The Cunarder Kedar leaves to-day with 1,000 barrels of beef, 1,000 barrels of pork, bread, and other stores, troops and artillery, under English flag, for Annapolis, unless ordered into Potomac.
SPECIAL ORDERS, WAR DEPT., ADJT., GENERAL'S OFFICE, Numbers 113. Washington, April 22, 1861.

* * * *

2. The President has assigned Major E. S. Sibley to the charge of the Quartermaster's Department as Acting Quartermaster- General ad interim.

By order:

L . THOMAS,Adjutant-General.

EXECUTIVE OFFICE, Little Rock, Ark., April 22, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War, Washington City:

In answer to your requisition for troops form Arkansas to subjugate the Southern States, I have to say that none will be furnished . The demand is only adding insult to injury. The people of this Commonwealth are freemen, not slaves, and will defend to the last extremity their honor, lives, and property against Northern mendacity and usurpation.

H. M. RECTOR,

Governor of Arkansas.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT, Boston, Mass., April 22, 1861.

Honorable SIMON CAMERON,

Secretary of War:

SIR: Honorable George S. Boutweel, ex-Governor of this Commonwealth, goes to Washington with full general authority to represent me in

