
by Brigadier-General Hartranft, commanding First Division. This garrison will be considered as permanent and will not be moved unless specially directed by virtue of authority from headquarters Army of the Potomac. For the present it is not necessary that the camp or quarters of the men be inside the work, but may be pitched in its immediate vicinity.

By command of Major General John G. Parke:

JNO. C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,September 24, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to forward herewith a sketch* of the picket-line of the Second Division Cavalry. West of General Warren's front, on the Vaughan road,is a reserve of 120 men, with vedettes on the road in front of the infantry line. On the railroad south of General Warren's position a reserve (150 men) with vedettes covering the Wyatt road and the roads to Reams' Station and Wood's Shop. On the plank road one regiment (250 men) covering the road to Reams' Station and the plank road. On the leading from McCann's to Lee's Mill one regiment (250 men) picketing to the plank road and to davenport Church.

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 24, 1864.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Cavalry, Army of the Potomac:

I have your communication of to-day's date respecting the pickets from the Weldon railroad to Davenport Church. As this appears to be intended for the report asked for in my dispatch of 22nd instant to General Davies, I think there must be some misapprehension of that dispatch. It called for complete rearrangement of the cavalry picketing from Davenport Church to the James River was considered to be entirely inadequate to that duty. The dispatches to General Davies previous to that of 2.30 p. m. of the 22nd will show what had been intended.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 24, 1864-2.15 p. m.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Cavalry, Army of the Potomac:

The two brigades and two batteries of the Second Corps now at Prince George Court-House and on the Norfolk railroad will be withdrawn to-day.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

