
division officers of the day will be at division headquarters ready to give all information to the officers of the Second Corps. The commanding officer of engineers will report for orders to these headquarters and in rear of the corps.

By command of Major-General Birney:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 128. Before Petersburg, Va., September 24, 1864.

* * * *

III. Hereafter, whenever marching orders are received by this command, knapsacks of the men will be immediately inspected by the regimental commanders, and all superfluous articles, which by their weight would tend to break down the men upon the march, will be immediately thrown out. Any man picking up articles so received without the consent of his regimental commander will be tried by general court-martial.

IV. In all movements of this command the cooking utensils of the companies will be carried in the wagons, for each of which one man will be detailed as guard. All other enlisted men reported by their regiments as for duty, or upon special duty, will march in the ranks of their companies.

V. The brigade commanders are charged with the strict enforcement of the provisions of this order.

* * * *

IX. Colonel F. B. Pond, Sixty-second Ohio Volunteers, having been relieved from command of the Third Division of this corps, will resume command of the First Brigade of this division. In relieving Colonel Voris, Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers, from the command of the First Brigade, the brevet major-general commanding desires to express his thanks while under in which that officer has commanded the brigade while under his charge.

By order of Bvt. Major General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Petersburg, Va., September 24, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel Ed. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that there have been no changes in the disposition of the troops of my command during the part twenty-four hours. The picket-posts on the Appomattox have been moved near the river-bank, and measures taken to prevent any persons passing through the lines without the knowledge of the guard. The usual fatigue details of 600 men were engaged on the various works in progress on my line. Three men deserted from the Forty-eighth New York Volunteers during the night.

Respectfully, yours,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

