HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,September 24, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Captain H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Division:

CAPTAIN: The picket reports represent everything as quiet along the line. Sergeant Smith, Company M [F], Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry was killed last night by one of his own pickets whilst going the rounds. I have withdrawn the pickets from Sycamore Church and placed them on the telegraph road, so as to continue the line from Mount Sinai Church nearly north. I had not men enough to hold down to Cocke's Mill. The usual amount of picket-shooting at scouts and deserter continues.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,In the Field, September 24, 1864.

Captain THORTON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant- General to General Shepley:

By the authority of the Secretary of War you are authorized to recruit a regiment from the rebel prisoners at Point Lookout. A letter of instructions will be sent you by mail.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., September 24, 1864.

Lieutenant GILBERT E. OVERTON,

Adjutant Twelfth New York Cavalry:

LIEUTENANT: General Harland directs me to call your attention to the following extract from a letter recently received at these headquarters from Brigadier-General Baker, commanding Confederate forces at Goldsborough:

It is reported to me by my scouts on the lower Trend road, below Kinston, that on the 10th instant Lieutenant Overton, adjutant Twelfth New York Cavalry, U. S. Army, in charge of a flag of truce, on his return to your lines carried with him three negroes picked up on the road. In addition to this it is reported to me that the same detachment under flag of truce stopped at the house of Mr. Noble, a citizen, took possession of his house for their own use, and used an amount of forage for their horses without payment for the same.

General Harland requests that you will forward to these headquarters a full statement of the facts in these cases with as little delay as possible.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

[G. F. WARD, JR.,]

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

