
Lynchburg, which comprises all of the movements of troops that our agent could ascertain had taken place. Eight guns have been sent to Chaffin's farm to be put in position, and there were signs all day long of great uneasiness in the city; so when the firing yesterday morning was distinctly heard in Richmond, one of the city battalions was immediately ordered out and sent down to Chaffin's farm. Hampton's cavalry still remains on New Market Hill, but our agent said it was not expected to continue there. He gave no reason for the statement.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.

File of Richmond papers of yesterday forwarded herewith.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

September 25, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Two deserters from the Fourteenth Tennessee Regiment, Archer's brigade, Heth's division, have just been forwarded. They came into the lies of the Second Cavalry Division this a. m. They state that two brigades of Heth's division are on the extreme right of the enemy's line, Archer's and Kirkland's; the other two brigades of the division lie between Mahone's division and Beauregard; are extending their lines still farther to the right, and in the direction of the South Side Railroad. Butler's division of cavalry connects with the infantry on the right, Young's brigade adjoining Archer's brigade. Are not aware of any re-enforcements arriving, or any troops sent away. Deserters from the Mississippi and Alabama brigades, of Mahone's division forwarded this a. m. They locate Mahone's division as formerly reported; have no knowledge of any other part of the line. Four of W. H. F. Lee's scouts were captured near Sycamore Church last night; found lurking within our lines. They freely confess that they came in for information, and have been in sundry times before. They are regularly detailed scouts, and are attached to General Lee's headquarters, belonging to the Ninth Virginia Cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNumbers C. BABCOCK,
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT,September 25, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The lookout at the plank road station reports at 8.30 a. m.:

All quiet. No working paries visible, and no change in the camps of the enemy seen from this station.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief of Signal Officer.

