
in the evening about 450 infantry, probably pickets, passed to the left from the vicinity of the lead-works. No visible change in enemy's camps along the lines south of the city.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

September 25, 1864-12 m.

1. Major-General Parke will at once relieve the troops of the Second Corps garrisoning Fort Alexander Hays and the rifle-pits between Fort Alexander Hays and Fort Davis. He will send one division of his corps, either the First or Second Division, to the vicinity of the Avery house to be held in reserve for the line between the plank road and the Appomattox. His Third Division will be used in the rifle-pits between Fort Davis and Fort Howard, and if necessary, part of the remaining division of the corps will be placed in them also. The remainder, besides garrisoning Fort Alexander Hays and Fort Howard will be held in reserve in rear for the line between the plank road and the Weldon railroad. The pickets of the Ninth Corps in advance of the rear line of intrenchments will be withdrawal upon the establishment of cavalry pickets covering the same line. General Parke will withdrawal all his troops from the rear line and all in the intrenchments west of Fort Howard upon being relieved in the latter and at Fort Davison by General Warren.

2. Major-General Warren will send a garrison to Fort Davison and look out for the rear line in that vicinity. He will also relieve the Ninth Corps in the rifle-pits from his right to Fort Howard.

3. Major-General Hancock will dispose of his troops relieved by General Parke in the manner deemed by him best. In any emergency requiring support he will call on the commander of the division of the Ninth Corps in reserve near the Avery house.

4. General Gregg will extend his picket-line from Gary's Church to the westward and connect with the left of General Warren's pickets south of Gurley house. He will inform General Parke as soon as this is done.

5. Corps commanders will see that the intrenchments of the rear line opposite the front line held by them are kept in good order and are completed, using the troops in reserve for that purpose.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(To corps commanders and General Gregg, commanding cavalry.)
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 25, 1864-9 a. m.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

The First and Second Division of my corps relieved the Tenth Corps last night. The Tenth Corps artillery was also relieved. A special report will be made on the subject as soon as I receive the reports of division commanders.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

