HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 25, 1864.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Army Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to say that you will receive orders during the day by which the length of the line you have to defend will be diminished, and thus render unnecessary the relief of the regiment as applied for in your telegram of this date just received.

S. F. BARSTOWN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

September 25, 1864.

The following modifications of the order of yesterday, with reference to the occupation of the line of intrenchments, will be carried into effect to-night:

On being relieved from the line from Fort Davis to and including Fort Alexander Hays, General Mott, commanding Third Division, will relieve the left of the Second Division from the Norfolk railroad (Battery 18) to Fort Morton. Colonel Smyth, commanding Second Division, will relieve the left of the First Division from Battery 13 to Fort Stedman, garrisoning Forts Morton and Haskell with as many troops as they will profitably hold, and placing about 50 men in each of Batteries 11,12, 13 and 14. For the present the front line of rifle-pits will be held as now. It is expected, however, that more of the troops will be shortly called into the new line between Forts Stedman and Haskell, Brigadier-General Miles, commanding First Division, will occupy Fort Stedman (of which Battery 10 will be considered a part) and Fort McGilvery, with as many men as they will profitably hold, and will place about 100 men in the lunette, partially inclosed, known as Battery Numbers 9, on the City Point railroad. The rifle-pits connecting need not be manned by full line of battle-one man to the yard is considered ample. The reserves of the three division will be placed at such points opposite these lines as division commanders may select, provided they are within easy supporting distance. It should be understood that the safety of line depends upon the vigilance of the pickets and upon holding the inclosed works. The armaments, garrisons, and commanders of these works are to be permanent, and will be changed only under directions from headquarters of the army. As soon as the commanders are selected and garrisons designated lists of the same will be sent to these headquarters. The greatest vigilance must be exacted of those troops on the line; with the exception of the garrisons to the redoubts, they may be relieved at discretion of division commanders.

The light artillery of the line will be arranged to-night under the direction of the chief of artillery, as follows:

Fort Davis, eight guns; Fort Sedgwick, eight guns; Battery 21, four guns; Fort Rice, six guns; Battery 19, two guns; Battery 18, one gun; Fort Morton, four guns; Battery 14, four guns; Battery 13, four guns; Fort Haskell, six guns; Battery 11, two guns; Fort Stedman, six guns; Battery 10, two guns; Battery 10, two guns; Battery 9, four guns; Fort McGilvery, six guns; Battery Numbers 6, two guns.

