
circular* from headquarters Army of the Potomac, you will mass or dispose of your troops in the woods in rear of General Miles' old headquarters until you receive orders as to their final disposition.

I am, general, very respectfully,your obedient servant,

[H. H. BINGHAM,]

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,September 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General PIERCE,

Commanding Brigade:

GENERAL: The brevet major-general commanding directs that when the troops of General Parke relieve your line, as specified in the inclosed circular* from headquarters Army of the Potomac, you will mass or dispose of your troops in the woods in the rear of General Miles' old headquarters until you receive orders as to their final disposition. Lieutenant Lockwood, aide-de-camp, will designate the place for your brigade.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. LOCKWOOD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,September 25, 1864.

Colonel ROBERT MCALLISTER,

Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding the division directs that as soon as relieved by the Ninth Corps, you will move your command to the left of the Second Division, to relieve Colonel Smith's line from the Norfolk railroad to Fort Morton, connecting with General De Trobriand at the Norfolk railroad. You will report to these headquarters when relieved and when your movement is compelled. It is not deemed necessary to put your command in line of battle, but place it in single morning from your command is revoked, as General Pierce will furnish the same.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,September 25, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that nothing of importance transpired in my front yesterday or during the night. The One hundred and ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Sickel, reported last night

---------------

*See p. 1014.

---------------

