HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,September 25, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report following dispositions to complete the cavalry picket-line from davenport Church to James River: One regiment (300 men) of the Second Division is posted near McCann's, on the Norfolk railroad, picketing from Davenport Church to the Two Bridges; on the Lee's Mill and Prince George Court House road, one regiment of General Kautz's is posted at Sinai Church, connecting with the Second Division at Two Bridges; one regiment at Green's covering the road leading from Prince George Court-House to Sycamore Church with one regiment on the telegraph road near Merchant Hope Church. The line from James River across the Weldon railroad to General Warren's left is thus completed. Of the Second Division four regiments are on picket and six regiments and one battalion and one company ready for instant duty.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 25, 1864- 1 p. m.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Cavalry, Army of the Potomac:

The commanding general directs that you extend your cavalry pickets westward from Gary's Church so as to cover the line picketed by the Ninth Corps and connect with the left of Warren's picket-line south of the Gurley house. As soon this is done inform General Parke, so that he may withdraw his pickets.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,September 25, 1864.

Brigadier General H. E. DAVIES,

Commanding First Brigade, Second Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that you at once establish a picket-line, connecting with the left of General Warren's line, south of Gurley house, and connecting with the right of the line of the Second Brigade at a point to be indicated by Major Taylor. This point is Richardson's house. The roads in front of the infantry will be covered. Five hundred men should establish the line to be maintained by your brigade. Report the establishment of your line as soon as it is made to these headquarters. Pickets will be maintained west of the Weldon railroad on the roads in front of the infantry as now posted.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

