
Heckman's division. They will take with them their transportation and other quartermaster's supplies. The senior officer of the two regiments will be put in command.

* * * *

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S . DAVIS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

DUTCH GAP, VA., September 25, 1864.

Colonel HENRY L. ABBOT,

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the enemy commenced firing this morning, dropping shells, mostly on this side of the canal, opposite the mortar batteries. The moment our guns opened, their fire was attracted to the immediate vicinity of our guns. But few shots have fallen directly into the canal to-day. The rebels began sharpshooting this a. m. at a point far below the excavation, but were they killed one man and wounded another at the north end of the ditch. Shall shell the bank to-morrow, using the patent shell, and try to bring them to terms. Forgot to report that the enemy opened with an 8-inch mortar yesterday, having previously used nothing but Coehorns. Am told they have placed another 8-inch in position this p. m. During my absence Major Ludlow fired two shots from the mortars, of which we have yet received no account; have waited anxiously.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. PIERCE,

Captain, First Connecticut Artillery.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 136. Before Petersburg, Va., September 25, 1864.

1. The battalion of the Forty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops now belonging to this corps is assigned to First Brigade, Third Division, and will report at once to Brigadier General William Birney, commanding.

* * * * *

8. The chief artillery will mass his batteries at some point convenient to the depot and out of sight of the enemy. He will use every exertion to thoroughly equip the batteries for the coming campaign. Every attention will be paid to battery drill and instruction of the men and officers.

* * * * *

By command of Major-General Birney:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 34. Before Petersburg, Va., September 25, 1864.

The Thirty-seventh New Jersey Volunteers, on the 26th instant, will leave for Trenton, N. J., reporting to the superintendent of recruiting service of that State, to be mustered out of service at the expiration

