
of its enlistment. The major-general commanding cannot part with this regiment of 10-day's men without expressing his gratification and satisfaction with their conduct. They have endured fatigue, encountered the rebel foe like good soldiers, and have gained the esteem of the veterans of this corps. He is confident that when they return to New Jersey, a State that has furnished such soldiers as Kearny, Mott, Torbert, they will continue to sustain the veterans they have left at the front, doing what Sherman advised, "Fighting this out like men." The major-general commanding will be' pleased to assist the commanding officer of this regiment in reorganizing it to aid in the finale of the rebellion in conjunction with this corps. The quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

By command of Major General D. B. Birney:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,No.-. In the Field, Deep Bottom, Va., September 25, 1864.

Brigadier General R. S. Foster, commanding Second Division, Tenth Army Corps, will leave the Two hundred and third Pennsylvania Volunteers in the fortifications at Deep Bottom, and will direct the commanding officer of that regiment to report at once to Brigadier General C. J. Paine, commanding Third Division, Eighteenth Army Corps, for instructions.

By command of Major-General Birney:

E. L. FORD,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,September 25, 1864.

Captain CLUM,

Chief Signal Officer:

Lieutenant Amsden reports the situation unchanged from yesterday. Work is continued day and night on the rebel earth-works. One of our gun-boats near Jone's landing shelled a clump of woods in rear of Aiken's, but no cause could be discovered from the tower.

S. B. PARTRIDGE,

Lieutenant, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH CORPS,September 25, 1864.

Major R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of Va. and N. C.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the enemy are reported by a deserter to be throwing up breast-works along their picket-line near and beyond the Aiken house. The deserter supposed them intended to be made strong for a main line, not for a picket-line. The ground is entirely out of sight from any point just above the first bend of the river

