
above here, supposed to be at this working party. Officers in a lookout during the shelling judged the point shelled to be about sa mile and a half from our pickets.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. J. PAINE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE KAUTZ'S CAVALRY DIVISION,In the Field, Va., September 25, 1864.

Captain M. J. ASCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: In accordance to the orders of the commanding general, I proceeded in person this afternoon to establish my picket-line on the new line directed, viz, from the stage road, via telegraph road to Coggins' Point, &amp;c., and find that from the stage road to James River near Coggin's Point there is a direct road. The distance allotted me is seven mile, while Colonel West's line, with double my strength, is three miles, as thus: Colonel West pickets from Blackwater River via Mount Sinai Church to the stage road, which is but three miles, with two regiments. I am ordered to picket from stage road to Coggins' Point with one regiment and seventy-two men of another, seven miles distance, as thus: From stage road to Bland's house, two miles; from Bland's to Mount [Merchant] Hope Church, four miles; from Mount [Merchant] Hope Church to nearest point on the James (Coggins' Point), one mile; total, seven miles. The road is nearly ;straight and easy-to picket. Now, if I may suggest, i will say Bland's house is a fair division of the line, and from it to James River I could be promptly responsible for security; but if, as directed, I must take the whole seven miles, it will be too much for my strength.

Trusting that my remarks may be received by the commanding general in the spirit I intend them, which is at all times for the good of the service and the welfare of the division,

I remain, with night respect, your obedient servant,

SAML. P. SPEAR,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 26, 1864-12 m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The changes in the disposition of the troops, as reported in my dispatch yesterday, were made last night. Particular vigilance has been enjoined on the pickets and signal officers to detect any movements of the enemy. The accompanying reports, received this morning, are sent for your information.

NINTH ARMY CORPS.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

The signal officer reports a force of the enemy, about two regiments, north-north west from the Aiken house, struck camp this a. m.; marched out of camp, and have again returned, standing in company streets, under arms.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.

