
report. I found the pickets posted exactly where they were ordered, and I found not one had fallen back upon the infantry supports. I found everything particularly quiet. My brigade officer of the day returned and reported:

All is right, sir; every sentinel is where I was directed to post him by your orders; none have fallen back, nor has there been the least cause for such report.

The officer in command of the reconnaissance of fifty men also returned and reported:

I have obeyed your orders; I have been to your extreme left and all is very quiet; no pickets have fallen back or have had cause for the least alarm.

My orders to my officers on that portion of the line intrusted to my charge such as to furbish me "with the first indications of any irregularity or the approach of the enemy at once," and upon the reception of such report to furnish facts as soon as they can be ascertained to my commanding general. This course I have always pursued to the entire satisfaction of all my superiors.

I am, sir, with high respect, your obedient servant,

SAMUEL P. SPESAR,

Colonel Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,September 26, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Major-General Humphreys, chief of staff, Army of the Potomac, for his information.

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 26, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Benham, will investigate the matter as reported in his command and endeavor to ascertain the names of the parties belonging to the cavalry that came into his command and made the reports referred to. He will also report to what persons in his command the statements of the cavalrymen were made.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General BENHAM,

Commanding Engineer Brigade, City Point:

GENERAL: I have received your communication of the 25th instant, in reply to mine of same date,* and am instructed to say that as the major-general commanding has received no official communication from the lieutenant-general commanding the armies in the field placing you immediately under his orders or withdrawing you from this army, that your communications to him mentioned in your letter were irregular,

---------------

*Neither found.

---------------

