
half of our lines for the two last or three nights, because the rebels were too strong for them near the post of Sycamore Church," I felt it a duty at once to communicate the information to General Grant as nearest, and ask for such information as he could give me on this subject, as much more speedily attainable for an emergency that tit could be from your headquarters; and with the exception of my calling upon General Grant relation to the new intrenched lines here (as I was specially directed to do by General Meade,) I can think of no other communication of the kind, except an inquiry, when some hundreds of surplus recruits had arrived for the Fiftieth Regiment, that I made of him as to whether here wa any power short of Washington or the Governor of New York that could transfer these surplus men, as they desired to be, to the Fifteenth New York Engineers, and his reply was that it would require the final action, as he thought, of the governor of the State of New York, but that he would give such an order personally. It may be proper to mention to you that a letter, in which certain promotions of officers of this brigade were recommended to the Governor of the State of New York, was addressed direct to General Meade as I presumed he would deem most proper, as an extra official communication, and not of the kind required by the regulations to be addressed to yourself or to General Williams.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

P. S. - Your letter with inclosure in relation to the falling back of our cavalry has been referred to Captain Deacon, acting assistant adjutant-general of Colonel Ripley, with directions to state the grounds for such report to me, but it has not yet been returned to me.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 26, 1864.

General S. WILLIAMS:

My line was changed last night as indicated in the order, a copy of which as furnished by General Humphreys last night. No other changes have occurred. General Gibbon assumed command of his division yesterday. I will probably furnish a list of the garrisons and commanders for the inclosed works to-day.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 26, 1864- 11 a. m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

The commanding general desires that you will report by telegraph, as soon as practicable, what dismounted cavalry is serving with your command, the strength present for duty in each organization of such troops, and how each organization is armed and equipped, the object of the inquiry being to ascertain what number of horses and what equipments will be required to mount the dismounted cavalry.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Generals Warren and Parke.)

