HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,September 26, 1864-10.30 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

Your dispatch with accompanying one from General Mott received all right. General Pierce's brigade was relieved by Colonel Russell's brigade, of Ferrero's division, and occupied the rifle-pit on left of Fort Davis, relieving, of course, the picket in front of Pierce's brigade . To-day Lieutenant-Colonel McGee, corps officer of the day, and an aide of General Mott's came to see me in reference to relieving the pickets on the right of those formerly held by General Pierce. Thinking there might

be some mistake or misunderstanding, I sent out my corps officer of the day. On his report I based my dispatch of 6 p. m. Eventually the mistake is with General Mott's aide. It is, however, now all right.

Yours, respectfully,

J. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND ARMY CORPS,Numbers 244. Deserted House, before Petersburg, Va.

September 26, 1864.

1. Brigadier General T. W. Egan, U. S. Volunteers, having reported in accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 259, headquarters Army of the Potomac, September 26, 1864, is hereby ordered to report to Major-General Gibbon, commanding Second Division, Second Corps, for assignment.

* * * *

By order of Major-General Hancock:

H. H. BINGHAM,

Major, Judge-Advocate and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 26, 1864.

Captain EDGELL,

Acting Chief of Artillery, Second Corps:

CAPTAIN: Major-General Hancock directs me to say that he deems it necessary for the security of his line, and to prevent any confusion, that all orders affecting the position of the field guns should come through him. He directs, therefore, that you give an order to each battery (field) commander now on the line under his command to change position or withdraw from the line only when directed to do so by orders from these headquarters.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

(Copy furnished Brigadier-General Hunt, chief of artillery, Army of the Potomac.)

