HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,September 26, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

I have sent up a deserter from the Thirty-seventh North Carolina Volunteers. He reports no changes or movements of troops about Petersburg. He says working parties are fixing places for batteries on their lines. Lee, he heard, had gone up to see Early, and there was a talk of sending a regiment from each brigade of Hill's corps up to him. Examiner of to-day mentions Jeff. Davis as being in Macon, Have you seen this paper?

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., FIFTH ARMY CORPS,September 26, 1864.

Major E. C. BAIRD,

Assistant Adjutant- General, Third Division:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report the effective strength of my command on the morning August 19, ultimo, as follows: Officers, 60; muskets, 700.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWD. S. BRAGG,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,September 26, 1864-9.10 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

I have the honor to report nothing unusual transpired along my lines during the past twenty-four hours. The Third Division occupy the rifle-pits from Fort Howard to Fort Davis. The Second Division is in reserve back of the avery house and the First Division in rear of line the left of plank road.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,September 26, 1864.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

In reply to your telegram of this date calling for a report of the dismounted cavalry in this corps I have the honor to report as follows: The Twenty-fourth New York, present for duty, 10 commissioned officers, 334 enlisted men, armed with Star carbines, equipped as infantry; Thirteenth Ohio Cavalry, present for duty, 6 commissioned officers, 357 enlisted men, armed with Springfield muskets, equipped as infantry; Second New York Mounted rifles, present for duty, 16 commissioned officers, 239 enlisted men, armed with carbines, caliber 57, equipped as infantry.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,September 26, 1864.

Brigadier General H. E. DAVIES,

Commanding First Brigade, Second Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that at an early hour to-morrow morning you move your brigade to the vicinity of Prince George Court-House and relieve General Kautz's division, picketing in that vicinity. You will so dispose of your regiments as to cover all the main approaches between the Norfolk railroad and James River. One regiment should be posted at Zion Church and another north of it, to cover the telegraph road. The right of your line will connect with the left of the Second Brigade on the Norfolk railroad. Any movements of importance on the part of the enemy you will report at once to headquarters Army of the Potomac, also regular daily reports will be forwarded to these headquarters. The chief quartermaster and commissary of the division will arrange for procuring your supplies. The great vigilance will be required on the part of the forces on picket to guard against surprise from the by your brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,September 26, 1864.

Colonel CHARLES H. SMITH,

Commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, Cavalry:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that at an early hour to-morrow morning you establish the following line of pickets, viz:

From the Norfolk railroad on the Lee's Mill road to its intersection with the road leading to McCann's, near the plank road; from this road across the plank road by Gary's Church to the left of the picket line of the Fifth Army Corps; in addition a force of seventy men will be placed on the Weldon railroad near the Wyatt road, covering that and other roads in front of the infantry line; also thirty men near the Flowers house, covering the Vaughan road toward Poplar Grove Church. All of the main approaches will be so covered that any

