HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Cavalry, Army of the Potomac:

The major-general commanding directs that General Kautz's division be relieved from picketing to-morrow, and concentrate at Prince George Court-House. He will receive directions as to the subsequent disposition of his division from these headquarters. The force relieving General Kautz will be so disposed as to watch and patrol the avenues of approach between the Blackwater and James.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,September 26, 1864.

Brigadier General H. E. DAVIES,

Commanding directs that at an early hour to-morrow morning you move brigade to the vicinity of Prince George Court-House and relieve Kautz's division, picketing in that vicinity. You will so dispose of your regiments as to cover all the main approaches between the Norfolk railroad and James River. One regiment should be posted at Zion Church and another north of it, to cover the road leading to Sycamore Church and also the telegraph road. The right of your line will connect with the left of the Second Brigade on the Norfolk railroad. Any movements of importance on the part of the enemy you will report at once to headquarters Army of the Potomac, also regular daily reports will be forwarded to these headquarters. The chief quartermaster and commissary of the division will arrange for procuring your supplies. The greatest vigilance will be required on the part of the forces on picket to guard against surprise from the guerrilla parties that infest the section of country to be picket by your brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,September 26, 1864.

Colonel CHARLES H. SMITH,

Commanding Second Brigade, Second Division, Cavalry:

COLONEL: The general commanding directs that at an early hour to-morrow morning you establish the following line of pickets, viz:

From the Norfolk railroad on the Lee's Mill road to its intersection with the road leading to McCann's, near the plank road; from this road across the plank road by Gary's to the left of the picket line of across the plank road by Gary's Church to the left of the picket line of the Fifth Army Corps; in addition, a force of seventy men will be placed on the Weldon railroad near the Wyatt road, covering that and other roads in front of the infantry line; also thirty men near the Flowers house, covering the Flowers house, covering the Vaughan road toward Poplar Grove Church. All of the main approaches will be so covered that any

