
and to which they expect to return. They have left their homes temporarily to sustain the cause of their country in the hour of its trial. In performing this sacred duty they should not be deprived of a most precious privilege. They have as much right to demand that their votes shalt be counted in the choice of their rulers as those citizens who remain at home. Nay, more, for they have sacrificed more for their country. I state these reason in full, for the unusual thing of allowing in the field to vote, that I may urge ont he other hand that nothing more than the fullest exercise of this right should be allowed, for anything not absolutely necessary to this exercise cannot but be dangerous to the liberties of the country. The officers and soldiers have every meas of understanding the questions before the country. The newspapers are freely circulated, and so, I believe, are the documents prepared by both parties to set forth the merits and claims of their candidates. Beyond this nothing whatever should be allowed. No political meetings, no harangues from soldier or citizens, and no canvassing of camps or regiments for votes. I see not why a single individual not belonging to the armies should be admitted into their lines to deliver tickets. In my opinion the tickets should be furnished by the chief provost-marshal of each army, by them to the provost-marshal (or some other appointed officer) of each brigade or regiment who shall on the day of election deliver tickets irrespective of party to whoever may cal for them. If, however, it shall be deemed expedient to admit citizens to deliver tickets, then it should be most positively prohibited that such citizens electioneer, harangue, or canvass the regiments in any way. Their should business be, and only be, to distribute on a certain fixed day tickets to whoever may call for them. In the case of those States whose soldiers vote by proxy, proper State authority could be given to officers belonging to regiments so voting to receive and forward votes. As it is intended that all soldiers entitled to vote shall exercise that privilege according to their own convictions of right, unmolested and unrestricted, there will be no objection to each party sending to armies, easy of access,a number of respectable gentlemen to see that these views are fully carried out. To the army at Atlanta, and those armies on the sea-coast from New Berne to New Orleans, not exceed three citizens of each party should be admitted.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., September 27, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

I have directed General Halleck to order forward at once to the Army of the Potomac the six Michigan regiments mentioned by you yesterday, and the recruits to be sent after them as fast as collected.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., September 27, 1864.

Major General G. G. MEADE, Commanding Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: On the morning of the 29th instant a movement will take place intended to surprise and capture the works of the enemy north of James River and between Malvern Hill and Richmond. The troops engaged in this will be taken exclusively from the Tenth

