
and Eighteenth Army Corps. Although these troops will be instructed to push directly for Richmond, if successful in breaking through the outer line of rebel works, it is hardly expected that so much can be accomplished, but as against the force now kept north of the James River by the enemy General Butler can force his way to Richmond, and will do it unless they largely re-enforce from Petersburg. As a co-operative with this you will please have the Army of the Potomac under arms at 4 a. m. on the 29th ready to move in any direction. They should have three or four day's rations in haversacks and sixty rounds of ammunition on the person, including that in the cartridge-boxes. It was my intention to give specific instructions for a concentration of all the force you could spare on your left, and for a demonstration as if to extend our lines in that direction, but, on reflection, I will leave the details to you, stating merely, that i want every effort used to convince the enemy that the South Side road and Petersburg are the objects of our efforts. Should the enemy draw off such a force from the defenses of Petersburg as to justify you in moving either for the South Side road or Petersburg, I want you to do it without waiting for instructions, and in-your own way. One thing, however, I would say; If the road is reached it, or a position commanding it, would be held at all hazards. If it becomes necessary to maintain the position against an attack, draw off from our present defenses what force you deem necessary, always keeping the garrisons detailed for the inclosed works on the line intact, however. All trains should be harnessed, hitched, and ready to move at a moment's notice. The accumulation of supplies at depots along the railroad should also be stopped, and as far as practicable that now on hand in depot in wagons. At the beginning of this move I shall be on the north side of the river. Up to 8. a. m., however, dispatches may be directed to me at City Point; after that hour, until otherwise directed, at Deep Bottom.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., September 27, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Major General G. G. MEADE:

If troops can be moved to-morrow, so as to give the appearance of massing on our left, it would serve to deceive the enemy. I think also it will be advisable to send scouts some distance to the southeast to discover if the enemy are moving cavalry around toward the James.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 27, 1864-10.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Do you refer to movements within or without our lines? I can send two divisions of the Ninth Corps to-morrow beyond our left and beyond where Warren was the other day. If attacked they can be supported by two of Warren's divisions. This is what I proposed to do, under your instructions, the next day; but it will, no doubt, have much more effect to-morrow than the next day, though it will also be more likely to bring on an engagement.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

