
CITY POINT, VA., September 27, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

What I meant was to move troops within our lines; not openly, but so that the enemy would likely get glimpses of them and think there was a concentration on our left. The Tenth Corps, moving to Bermuda Hundred to-night, will be missed from its position in the morning, and if the enemy can be deceived into thinking they have gone round to the left it will aid us.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, D. C., September 27, 1864.

Major General GEORGE G. MEADE:

I am directed to respectfully request that you will have all new volunteer regiments that have all new volunteer regiments that have joined your army and all that may joined hereafter inspected, so as to ascertain the strength of each upon arrival. Where desertions have occurred en route the loss should be investigated so as to ascertain the parties, if any, to who the neglect in reference thereto may attach. The new regiments on leaving State have an average strength of 950.

THOS. M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

September 27, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Deserter from Forty-eighth North Carolina, Cooke's brigade, Heth's division, came in last evening, opposite the Burnside mine, into the lines of General Mott's division. He reports that two brigades of Heth's division are in line in the trenches at this point, the other two brigades on the extreme right of the line; that Hoke's division is about half a mile to the rear in reserve,and is all the reserve troops he knows of; has been lying there some six or eight days, ever since it came back from the right; Field's division, that went to the right with Hoke's some ten days ago, had not returned when informant left; that the army will be paid in a few days four month's pay, and many men are ready to desert as soon as they can send their pay home to their families; have sent Early no re-enforcements. Deserter from Thirty-seventh North Caroline, Lane's brigade, Wilcox's division, came in yesterday at 2 p. m. He brings no important information; was a rumor that one regiment from each brigade of Hill's corps; would be sent to the assistance of Early, but it has not yet been done. The following sketch shows the relative position of Lee's army from latest information, including all the force south of the Appomattox.* Three

---------------

*See p. 1049.

---------------

