
As a general rule, the senior artillery officers in each fort will be responsible for the proper use of artillery in case of action, and the power of the post commander, over artillery, due his rank, is not expected to be exercised, except in cases of unusual emergency, the artillery officer being generally the better judge in his own arm of the service and having special instructions to guide him. The particular province of the infantry garrison is to defend the fort until the artillery can have its full effect in breaking the enemy's lines. The general instructions for the artillery on the lines are to answer all fire from the enemy and to open on all bodies of troops or working parties within range. Signal stations in communication with these headquarters are established at the Friend house and the Avery house.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

H. H. BINGHAM,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[SEPTEMBER 27, 1864.-For circular from headquarters Second Army Corps, relating to the police of intrenchments, &amp;c., see p.634.]
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, September 27, 1864. (Received 10 a.m.)

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that all was quiet in my front yesterday and during the night. A deserter from Thirty-seventh North Carolina came in yesterday afternoon and was forwarded.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 27, 1864-9.50 a.m.

Major-General WARREN,Commanding Fifth Corps:

The signal officer on the plank road reports that at 7.30 a.m. 2,000 infantry came from woods northwest of large fort on the Weldon railroad and moved to our left on the line of the railroad. A few carried stretchers.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 27, 1864-10.15 a.m.

Major-General WARREN,Commanding Fifth Corps:

The signal officer on plank road reports at 9 a.m. a body of 1,500 infantry moving out of woods northwest of Weldon railroad, and moving to our left on the railroad.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

