
BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 10, 1864 - 6.10 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The following has just been read by our signal officer and is forwarded for your information. It evidently refers to some attack upon our working party at Dutch Gap. I have informed General Birney and will inform Captain Smith. Have you any orders? We will endeavor to be ready.

Respectfully,

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

AUGUST 10, 1864.

Captain NORTON:

The following message just signaled from rebel station on Signal Hill to Howlett's:

General R. E. LEE,

Howlett's House:

Yours of 10 a. m. received at Signal Hill. - engaged in locating artillery at Signal Hill and - . Commodore Mitchell was here with me and proposes to drop down near Howlett's and open at the same time with Carter. Can the battery at Howlett's open at the same time? Apparently, it has better command than we have. The navy would prefer to take position at night. Carter will have to intrench, as the enemy's boats and batteries cover his ground. The scouts report but a regiment, probably to prevent firing into their boats. As the approaches are low and open an infantry attack is not advisable, at least during the day.

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.

G. S. DANA,

Captain, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

CITY POINT, VA., August 10, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

The navy ought to be apprised of the dispatch taken from the rebel signal, and to station a part of their boats as to command the ground around our troops at Dutch Gap. If the enemy open from Howlett's, reply from our water batteries on it. Are our men well covered from artillery fire? If so, and they are on the alert, an attack ought to prove disastrous to the rebels.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,August 10, 1864 - 8.10 p. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

Commanding, &c., City Point:

We are preparing to meet the rebels if they choose to attack us. I think our men are under cover. The navy have been notified to be ready on their part. A rebel deserter this afternoon reports a rumor in their camp that their cavalry have been knocked to pieces, with a

