
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

Before Petersburg, Va., September 27, 1864.

This command will be in readiness to move by 3 o'clock to-morrow afternoon. The men will carry two days' rations in haversacks. All camp and garrison equipage, beyond the allowance by Special Orders, No. 44, from headquarters Armies of the United States, will be turned in to the quartermaster's department. All superfluous clothing should be carefully boxed, marked, and turned over at the depot for storage. Upon receiving orders to march all details at the depots, &amp;c., will be called in and join the command.

By command Major-General Birney:

E. L. FORD,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

Before Petersburg, Va., September 27, 1864-9 a.m.

Major-General ORD,

Commanding Eighteenth Army Corps:

I acknowledge the receipt of your dispatch and inclosures, by Captain Moore, of your staff. I have ordered the One hundred and eighty-fourth New York Volunteers and the Thirty-eight New Jersey Volunteers, of the Provisional Brigade, who are reported not effective for field service in your return, to be sent to Forts Pocahontas and Powhatan to relieve the Eight-ninth New York and the colored regiments there and at Harrison's Landing. I will order the Eighty-ninth New York at once here and the colored regiments directly to Deep Bottom. I will also direct that Heckman's brigade, at Old Court-House, be relieved and marched over this evening to join his command. I think your suggestion well to allow your horse battery to report to General Kautz. Please make the order.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, September 27, 1864-9.55 a.m.

General U. S. GRANT:

A lieutenant,deserter from the rebels, is in this morning; states that the belief among them is that should Lynchburg-which is strongly fortified be captured, it would give you the Danville road, and want of would compel the evacuation of Lee's present posi-

