HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 28, 1864-1.45 p.m.(Sent 2 p.m.)

Major-General MEADE,

City Point: I can get nothing further from the two deserters as to how far beyond Peebles' fields the rifle-pits extend or in what direction. They say that they are a good many infantry in the rifle-pits, and that they are building a fort near the tobacco house in the middle of the field for sixteen guns. They saw a battery of four guns near the fort,which is not yet finished. It is about 1,000 yards from the fork of the roads and is put up to sweep the cross-road. The tall man says that there era rifle-pits pretty much all along the Boydton plank road for the distance of five or six miles out of Petersburg, and I gather from what he says, extending more or less connectedly as far as Hatcher's Run.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, September 28, 1864. (Received 9.10 p.m.)

Major-General MEADE:

Heavy firing, both of artillery, is heard here distinctly. Does it mean anything like and attack?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 28, 1864-9.15 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The firing is apparently on the plank road. The musketry has ceased and the artillery slackened. No report has been received. I imagine it is a stampede. I have called on Hancock for particulars, which I will transmit as soon as received.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

September 28, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Two deserters from the Forty-sixth North Carolina, Cooke's brigade, Heth's division, came into the lines of the Second Corps last night about 11 o'clock. There have been no late changes on their part of the line. Three deserters from the Fifty-ninth and Sixtieth Regiments, of Gracie's (Alabama) brigade, Johnson's division, came into the lines of the Second Army Corps last evening. They report that their division has not yet been relieved by Hoke, but would be at 9 o'clock this a.m.; was reported that Johnson's division was going to Early. Some men from Gracie's brigade went to the rear yesterday to take to the quartermaster some shells and other projectiles they had gathered, who is authorized to pay 8 cents per pound for cast iron, and 20

