
loss of four guns, up in the Shenandoah Valley. Have you any news upon that subject? He also reports that last Saturday right smart of the cavalry which was in the rear of their line, I presume a brigade, between the James and Appomattox, left for the Shenandoah.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., August 10, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

Who has immediate command of the troops at Dutch Gap? It will require some one there who cannot be stampeded.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,August 10, 1864 - 8.50 p. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, City Point:

That command is in immediate charge of Major Ludlow, of my staff, a gentleman of experience, who will not be stampeded. He is now here. I have explained to him all the circumstances, and we shall not leave. I have been able since I sent to you to decipher the enemy's signals.* Put in where the first break is, "Colonel Carter is," and where the second is, "Cox's overseer's house," which place you will find on the map, and it will read as follows: "Colonel Carter is here engaged in locating artillery at Signal Hill and Cox's overseer's house."

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 10, 1864 - 6.30 p. m.

Major LUDLOW:

By reading the enemy's signals a copy* of which I send you, it will be seen that the enemy intend an attack upon you, probably to-morrow morning at daylight. As you will see, not an infantry attack, although you had better be ready for that. As soon as they open we shall open on them. Let the navy dispose of themselves, getting all the guns they can to bear, to cover your front and to drive off the iron-clads. Let the men understand it, so that they need not be taken by surprise and get themselves cover during the night as much as possible. Send by Clarke for anything you need.

Yours,

BUTLER,
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,August 10, 1864 - 11.50 a. m.

Captain NORTON:

There is considerable activity shown by the rebel rams to-day. One moved down to Cox's Ferry and returned.

G. S. DANA,

Captain, Signal Corps.

---------------

* See Ewell to Lee, p. 106.

---------------

