
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

September 28, 1864-7.30 p.m.

The commanding general enjoins special vigilance and prompt report of any indications of movement on the part of the enemy to-night and to-morrow.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(To corps commanders.)

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

September 28, 1864.

The following dispositions and arrangements will be made:

1. The whole army will be under arms ready to move at 4 a.m. of the 29th instant (to-morrow morning), the men having four days' rations in the haversacks and sixty rounds of ammunition on the person. All trains and wagons will be hitched up, ready to move at the same hour, supply trains with prescribed number of rations (six days'), and all trains with forage to the extent of their capacity. All surplus supplies, after the trains have been loaded, will be removed at once from the depots to City Point.

The foregoing is an extract from an order just issued. You will have your command under arms with their rations, their supply wagons loaded as directed, and be ready to move at 4 a.m. You need not strike your camp unless you receive further orders. You have already been direct to send 400 rounds of rifled ammunition to Captain Harn at the Avery house. You will, in addition, send him at once six empty wagons to transport Captain Pratt's ammunition to Fort Morton. Let them report to Captain Harn as soon as possible.

By command of General Hunt:

JNO. N. CRAIG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To Captain Calvin Shaffer, commanding Artillery Park.)

CITY POINT, September 28, 1864-8.30 a.m. (Received 12.46 p.m.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

It becomes necessary for me to report that at midnight last night I received a copy of an order from General Heckman to Colonel Ripley, commanding parts of the two brigades recently sent to me by General Butler, to occupy Old Court-House and for other duties, which order directed Colonel Ripley to strike tents immediately and leave to join him before daylight. This leaves at Old Court-House but two regiments of new recruits, the Two hundredth and Two hundred and fifth Pennsylvania Regiments sent by General Butler within the last day or two, to guard that position and to perform the duties on the works called for by Major Michler and myself.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.

