HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 28, 1864. (Received 9.20 p.m.)

General HUMPHREYS:

Some of the artillery firing is apparently further to the left than the plank road. I hear no musketry now. It is probable the picket-line has been driven in. I will soon learn.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 28, 1864. (Sent 11 p.m.)

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

Have you any report of the cause of the musketry and artillery firing this evening? General Meade is waiting to hear from you to report to General Grant.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 28, 1864-11 p.m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS:

The first infantry firing commenced about the right of the Ninth Corps picket and generally extended to the left. Some of our own was engaged, but their position not disturbed.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

September 28, 1864.

By direction of the commanding general of the army, this corps will be under arms and ready to move at 4 a.m. of the 29th instant, the men having four days' rations in haversack and sixty rounds of ammunition on the person. All trains and wagons will be hitched up ready to move at the same time, supply trains with the prescribed number of rations (six days'), and all trains with forage to the extent of their capacity. All surplus supplies, after the trains have been loaded, will be removed at once from the depots to City Point. Commanders will hold in view the contingency of the withdrawal of they troops from then rifle-pits connecting the inclosed works, leaving the line from the Appomattox to Fort Davis to be held by the redoubts and inclosed batteries, and the further contingency of withdrawing entirely from the intrenchments. The troops that move will take with them their intrenching tools, one-half their ambulances, and one medicine and one hospital wagon to each brigade, one-half the small-arm ammunition wagons, and one-half the reserve ammunition wagons of the 12-pounder guns. The spring-wagons and pack animals allowed for headquarters may also accompany the troops, but no supply trains, forage wagons, wagons for sales to officer, baggage wagons,or sutlers' wagons will be

68 R R-VOL XLII, PT II

