HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA, September 28, 1864-7 a.m. (Received 7.07 a.m.)

Major-General BIRNEY:

The enemy cannot see you as you cross the pontoon at Broadway, if you are out of their sight in the marsh. I do not know how it may be about the dust.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES, September 28, 1864-10.20 a.m.

Major-General BIRNEY,

Commanding Tenth Corps:

I have ordered the First Maryland Cavalry to report back to you as infantry. It is commanding officer will meet you at my headquarters this afternoon. How many of the Fourth Massachusetts can you possibly spare me? Do as well as you can.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

MARCHING ORDERS. HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

Before Petersburg, Va., September 28, 1864.

This command will move promptly at 3 p.m. for Bermuda,crossing the Appomattox River at Broadway Landing, and keeping out of sight of the enemy by marching on the right-hand road. The following will be the order: the First, Second, and Third. Each command will take with it, in rear in wagons, fifty rounds of small-arm ammunition, besides fifty rounds of person. The Artillery Brigade will move during the day, halting in the open field beyond department headquarters, where in Serrell's engineer battalion is encamped, waiting further orders. The general trains will move precisely at 9 p.m., halting for orders in the same field that the Artillery Brigade is ordered to halt. The medical director will order ten ambulances to report to the surgeon-in-chief of each division,to follow in its rear. All wagons accompanying the troops must, during the daytime, be stripped of covers. Enough has been said about straggling on former occasions, and rules laid down which, if enforced, will effectually prevent it. The troops should march light, and not be encumbered with useless clothing and articles, as upon reaching our destination transportation will be limited and the work quick and sharp. The subsistence and quartermaster's departments have received orders to load the trains with the usual supplies.

By command of Major-General Birney:

E. L. FORD,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

No. 36. In the Field, September 28, 1864.

Hereafter the commissaries or acting commissaries of subsistence of the brigades of this corps will, on the march or during active operations, accompany their commands. The division commissaries of sub-

