
sistence will remain with the supply trains of their divisions and will be hand responsible that the wagons are loaded with the subsistence stores ordered, and that the stores are duly forwarded to the troops.

By command of Major-General Birney:

E. L. FORD,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCHING ORDERS. HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field,near Deep Bottom, Va., September 28, 1864.

The troops of this command will be in readiness to move to-morrow promptly at 4 a.m. Coffee should be partaken by the men before 3.30 a.m. The troops will move in light marching order, and each man will carry with him but one blanket. Knapsacks and overcoats must be left in side the fortifications at Deep Bottom under charge of the Two hundred and third Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Moore commanding. No baggage wagons of any description will accompany the troops.

By command of Major-General Birney:

E. L. FORD,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp and Action Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,No. 132. Before Petersburg, Va., September 28, 1864.

* * * * * * * * * * * *

4. Major H. W. Camp, Tenth Connecticut Volunteers, is hereby assigned to duty as acting assistant adjutant-general, Third Brigade, and will report to Colonel Plaisted, commanding Third Brigade, immediately.

By order of Bvt. Major General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, September 28, 1864.

Major-General ORD,

Commanding Eighteenth Corps:

Pursuant to the verbal direction and written instructions of the lieutenant-general commanding, the Army of the James is about to make a movement on the north side of the James River.

ITS OBJECT.

Is to surprise the Confederate forces in our front here, and, passing them, to get possession of the city of Richmond. Failing that, to make such serious and determined demonstration to that end as shall draw re-enforcements from the right of the enemy's line in sufficient numbers so as to enable the Army of the Potomac to move upon the enemy's communication near Petersburg. The forces appropriated to this purpose are so much of the Army of the James as can be spared from the lines at Bermuda Hundred and the garrisoned posts on the river, the strength of which forces you know.

