
and celerity of marching up that road toward Richmond, or if he finds himself opposed in such manner as to render it advisable he will still farther flank to the right and strike the Charles City road, as both roads lead into the city within a mile of each other. If General Ord is successful in passing the enemy's line his front he is to move right on up the Varina road and endeavor to reach the entrenched camp and Chaffin's farm, and, if possible, to take it, and secure and destroy the pontoon crossing just above. Perhaps General Ord will find the better way to take the works at Chaffin's farm is to pass them by the Varina road, or turn them near the house of J. Aiken, and pass to the rear, as the demoralization of their defenders, if any get there from Johnson's command, will be greater when they find themselves cut off from Richmond. General Ord will observe that the Varina road runs within two miles of the river, and he may be annoyed by the enemy's gun-boats, but they would seem to amount to an annoyance only at that distance; yet an attempt to take the work would seem to be the most feasible from the northwest side of the salient extending in that direction, as there he will be entirely protected by the high bluff from the fire of the enemy's gun-boats. But much of this detail, of course, must be left to his discretion on the ground, which he is enjoined to use largely as to modes and places of attack. General Ord is expressly cautioned, however, to lose no time in attempting to envelop Chaffin's farm, but rather, if he can take the line of works extending across his path, to place what in his judgement may be a sufficient force, with orders to intrench, so as to hold the bridge, and with the rest of his forces to push up toward the New Market road, at the junction of which with the Varina road he will probably be met with some force, that being near the station of the cavalry. If Chaffin's farm can be taken a force should be detached to hold it, although it becomes of minor importance, except as a possible bridge-head for a new pontoon bridge to be thrown, brought from the Appomattox; but that is a question of time. Leaving sufficient force to protect his rear from the enemy, crossing after striking the New Market junction, at which point it is hoped he will be joined by General Birney, who will have proceeded up the New Market road, General Ord will move to the left and attempt to strike the Richmond and Osborne old turnpike, and also to detach a force and destroy or hold the bridge next above, and proceed onward up that road until its junction with the New Market road, at which point the only other force of the enemy is supposed to be found in the garrisons of the detached works. Again, an attempt should be made to destroy the bridges opposite Battery 23. If these bridges can be destroyed with reasonable celerity, there can be but little doubt of the complete success of the movement. Meanwhile, General Birney will have moved by the New Market road up to the point of intersection, where it may be necessary to turn the works by a flank movement to the left in the direction marked on the map, "Cox," but that, like the other method of attack,must be left largely to the discretion of General Birney. As soon as possible after the advance has been made from Deep Bottom, whether the attack is made by the Third Division of the Eighteenth Corps or a division of the Tenth Corps, the Third Division, under General Paine, will have position upon the left of General Birney's column of march, so that when the junction is formed with General Ord that division may report to him, relieved from its temporary assignment to duty with the Tenth Corps.

