
whilst passing in front of the fort; were about twenty-five minutes in passing. A train of wagons and ambulances accompanied them. No change at other points of enemy's line seen from this point. The tents reported taken down this morning were not again put up, and the troops at that point joined the column reported at 2.25 p.m. as moving toward Petersburg.

It is doubtful which way this column moved. They could as readily have turned southward around the fort mentioned and then taken the Squirrel Level road, or continued down along the railroad, as to have taken the road toward Petersburg. I have sent for further information. Other columns coming from the same location have heretofore moved around the fort as above stated.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer.

FORT DAVIS, September 29, 1864.

[Major FISHER:]

The column of troops and train of ambulances and wagons mentioned in last report were apparently moving to the right, our right, in report "bearing to the right." They could only be seen whilst passing in front of the large fort, as they disappeared in the woods immediately after passing the northeast corner of the fort, and were not visible again on the road leading to Petersburg. They were moving slowly, and the column appeared to be well closed up, although it could not be seen distinctly on account of the smoke and darkness. There were more ambulances than wagons in the train, twenty-five or thirty in all, which moved with the column, but moved faster.

H. W. FULTON,

Sergeant.

CITY POINT, September 29, 1864.

(Received 8.45 a.m.)

General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch received. I shall at once send out thirty men to Birchett's, one mile and a half east of Bailey's Creek crossing, and an equal force the same distance south on the Prince George Court-House road, but they may risk capture by cavalry, as I have not a mounted man to send out. Will you please apprise me what force, if any, on these roads will connect these pickets with your lines.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 29, 1864. (Sent 9.18 a.m.)

Brigadier-General BENHAM,

Commanding Engineer Brigade, City Point:

The parties you have sent out in advance will not be exposed to anything but guerrillas, who will scarcely venture so far in. You cannot make any connection with the pickets of the army.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

