
SEPTEMBER 29, 1864- 4.30 p. m.

[Colonel MORGAN,

Chief of Staff:]

COLONEL: The Tree Station, near Friend's house, reports that enemy's wagon trains have been moving north on Richmond pike almost continuously this p. m. Small ambulance train just moved south into city on same road. Dust still heavy south and west of city.

P. A. TAYLOR,

Captain and Signal Officer.

SEPTEMBER 29, 1864-4.30 p. m.

Colonel MORGAN,

Chief of Staff:

Signal station at Walthall house reports that four regiments of infantry have just passed open space on Richmond road going to our right. Captain Thickstun reports that forty-four wagons, a herd of cattle, and three batteries have passed since his last report.

P. A. TAYLOR,

Captain and Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,September 29, 1864-8.20 p. m. (Received 8.25 p. m.)

General HUMPHREYS:

Two deserters have just come in from Lane's brigade. They left their camp this morning. At that time it was understood that Lane's and Scales' brigades were to be withdrawn north of Petersburg. They did not know what for. McLaws' division, they say, left about eight days ago.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 43. September 29, 1864.

I. The entire command will be prepared to move precisely at 5.30 a. m. to-morrow, 30th instant.

II. General Griffin will withdraw all his pickets south of the road leading to Poplar Spring Church. All his other pickets and those of General Ayres and General Crawford will remain.

III. General Griffin will have the advance, to be followed by General Ayres. Colonel Hofmann's brigade will accompany General Ayres' division. No guards will be left in the camps. The wagons will be parked between corps headquarters and the Gurley house. One battery will follow General Griffin's division, the remainder will follow the corps.

IV. All the pioneers of the corps will be at these headquarters at 5.30 a. m. No wagons of any description (ambulances and ordnance wagons included) will accompany the column. The movement will determine very soon whether or not the wagons, &amp;c., will be needed. They can then be sent for.

