HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,September 29, 1864.

Brigadier General CHARLES GRIFFIN,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: In reply to your communication just received, I have the honor to state that the portion of your picket-line to be withdrawn is that south of a line running due west from Fort Dushane and intersecting the picket-line in that direction.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., 5TH ARMY CORPS,

September 29, 1864.

This command will be in readiness to move at 5.30 a. m. to-morrow. All wagons will be located and parked between the Gurley house and corps headquarters. All the pioneers will report at corps headquarters at 5 a. m. The troops will be awakened at 4.30 a. m. and have breakfast. The line will be formed on the road leading past these headquarters at 5.20 a. m., as follows-first, Sixth and Second Wisconsin Volunteers; second, Seventh Wisconsin Volunteers; third, Nineteenth Indiana Volunteers fourth, Twenty-fourth Michigan Volunteers; fifth, One hundred and forty-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers; sixth, One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers seventh, One hundred and forty-third Pennsylvania Volunteers. The sharpshooters will report at these headquarters at 5.20 a. m. The pickets will not be withdrawn.

By command of Brigadier-General Bragg:

E. A. ANDREW,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,September 29, 1864-11 a. m. (Received 11.35 a. m.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

I have the honor to report that nothing unusual transpired along my lines during the past twenty-four hours, excepting the firing on the picket-line at about 9 last evening. It occurred about the time of relieving pickets, and doubtless the new troops of the Third Division fired a great deal more than would have been done by old troops. As one of the brigades of the Second Division had moved in plain view in the morning close in rear of the main line at the plank road the enemy were probably feeling our lines in that vicinity. There were no casualties and the line has been unusually quiet there since.

JNumbers G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,

Camp near Jones' House, September 29, 1864. (Received 12 m.)

Captain YOUNGMAN:

I have the honor to report that I sent out a small party this morning in front of the First Brigade with a staff officer. He reports having approached to within 262 yards of the enemy's works and could see but

70 R R-VOL XLII, PT II

