
DEEP BOTTOM, VA., September 29, 1864-4.45 p. m.

Major-General BUTLER:

I will now return to City Point, at which place dispatches telegraphed from here will reach me. Please say to General Bernard that I will send a boat there for him. If the enemy do not re-enforce by more than a division we will give them another trial in the morning, flaking instead of attacking works.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,September 29, 1864-9.10 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I am holding the line pointed out by Colonel Camstock and General Bernard, to wit, from ear grave-yard, at Cox's Ferry, up to the white house; thence to the fort taken by Ord's corps; thence along the lines of the enemy taken by us across New Market road; thence, with the right refused, extending to the Darbytown (or Central) road; thence by a cavalry picket across that road, with a small brigade in reserve at the junction of the Kingsland and Varina roads. Kautz has advanced up the Central road to the interline of redoubts near Richmond; thence he has flanked to the right and has cut connections, and we have not heard from him. Colonel Babcock has reported all other events to you. If General Meade does not attack, why can we not have another corps? The danger is that the enemy may cross the river below us and get in our rear, as we have no cavalry to picket the line to Dutch Gap.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,September 29, 1864-10 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Can you meet me as early as sunrise to-morrow morning at Deep Bottom? I desire to consult you. I would not say this early were it not that any move should be made early.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., September 29, 1864-11 p. m.

Major-General BUTLER,

Deep Bottom:

General Meade will attack at daylight in the morning. If the enemy have detached largely he may be able to carry Petersburg. If so, I can send two corps, using railroads and steam-boats for the infantry. On account of this attack I wan to remain here thought the day. I will go to Deep Bottom, however, to meet you, leaving here at 5 a. m.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

