
Communicate these orders to him. They are form Lieutenant-General Grant. You should have reported the facts and left me to issue orders. I could have sent three sling carts as well as two. Have the guns left under fire of our gun-boats, and I will send for them by barge. If there are other guns too heavy to cross the pontoon bridge make the same disposition of them. Acknowledge receipt of this.

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery.

DUTCH GAP, VA., September 29, 1864.

Colonel H. L. ABBOT,

Commanding Siege Artillery:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the enemy have fired quite regularly during the day, doing no damage. Concluded it was policy not of expend much ammunition on them, as no one was at work in the canal. This afternoon they opened with their light pieces, apparently at the signal tower. I returned their fire promptly. The Howlett house battery sent a few shell in the same direction. The guns in Sawyer battery were engaged on that point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. PIERCE,

Captain, First Connecticut Artillery.

CHAFFIN'S FARM, VA., September 29, 1864-10.35 a. m.

General BIRNEY:

General Ord has carried the very strong works and some fifteen pieces of artillery, and his corps is now ready to advance in conjunction with you. General Ord was wounded and has returned to this headquarters, leaving General Heckman in command of the corps. Push forward on the road I left you on.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, September 29, 1864.

Division commanders will see that their lines connect as follows: Brigadier-General Birney's left with the right of Brigadier-General Paine's division; General Foster's left with the right of General Birney; Major-General Terry's left with the right of General Foster. The line from the left of General Foster extending to General Terry's right will be refused a little.

By command of Major-General Birney:

E. L. FORD,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, near Deep Bottom; Va., September 29, 1864.

Reveille will be sounded and the troops placed under arms at 4 a. m. to-morrow. Division commanders will take immediate measures

