
to picket the front of their own divisions. Two days' rations of subsistence stores (one of fresh beef) has been directed to be issued to the troops of this command to-night.

By command of Major-General Birney:

E. L. FORD,

Captain, Aide-de-Camp and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS,Hatcher's House, September 29, 1864.

General GRANT,

City Point:

General Ord has just returned with a flesh wound in the right leg. He says that in order to holes what we have gained, on account of the heavy work they have hat to do, if possible they should be re-enforced. I left the remnant of Stannard's division in the large works at Chaffin's farm, with directions to Heckman to push in toward Richmond with his division. He appeared unable to get beyond the work about one mile and a half north of the south ene of the Chaffin's farm works. The rebels did re-enforce Chaffin's farm before we took it and most of them fell back to the other works or across the river. Stannard ash directions to destroy the pontoon bridge if he can reach it with artillery. The rebel gun-boats are below him throwing shell at him. General Burnham is dead. Stannard's division (the First) captured the work. His losses are very heavy. I left them at 10 o'clock.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,September 29, 1864.

General MEADE:

We have the Chaffin's farm fort, or had when I left. Was hit in right left; only a flesh wound. Signal officer report seventeen loaded cars going toward Richmond at 12.30 this morning.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,September 29, 1864.

General MEADE:

Twenty-six more cars loaded with troops reported moving toward Richmond 2.30 p. m. Large columns of smoke reported near and to right of Richmond by signal officer.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

GROVER'S HOUSE,

Near Kingsland Road, September 29, 1864-9 a. m.

Colonel POTTER,

Commanding Defenses of Bermuda Line:

(Through General Butler's headquarters.)

We are advancing. All goes as intended thus far. Two deserters of the Eighteenth Corps have told the enemy that all the troops have

