
CITY POINT, VA., September 30, 1864-8.15 a. m.

(Received 8.25 a. m.)

Major-General MEADE:

General Butler's forces will remain where they are for the present, ready to advance, if found practicable. You may move out now and see if an advantage can be gained. It seems to me the enemy must be weak enough at one or the other place to let us in.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 30, 1864-8.30 a. m. (Received 8.50 a. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

In accordance with your dispatch of 8.15 I have sent orders to Warren to move out to the Poplar Spring Church, and to Parke to endeavor to get around and come up on Warren's left, and, if practicable, outflank the enemy. A contraband who left Petersburg this morning says that troops were sent on the Lynchburg road yesterday and that Heth's division went to Chaffin's farm. No other new or indications of movement except an ambulance train seen to move this morning to our left.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 30, 1864-9.15 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The signal officers have sent in the following dispatches:

Major FISHER:

A rebel wagon train is moving to our right over a road two or three miles boron the Appomattox; otherwise all quiet.

I. S. LYON,

Signal Officer.

SECOND CORPS.

Major FISHER:

The signal officer at Friend's house reports a train of thirty wagons moved from the city; are moving to our right.

P. A. TAYLOR,

Captain and Signal Officer.

PLANK ROAD-9.15 a. m.

Major FISHER:

The enemy reoccupy their works between lead-works and large fort and vicinity that were reported vacated yesterday. The indications are that a heavy force is in the woods on the right of the large fort; probably the column reported las evening as disappearing in that woods are encamped there. The enemy in our front, from lead-works to beyond the Gregory Chimneys, exhibit a comparatively weak line. Working parties are visible at lead-works and to the left of large fort.

FULTON.

General Meade left here a few moments ago for General Warren's headquarters.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

