
kept up. But to enforce it may require the withdrawal of a very considerable [number] of troops from the field. This possible, and I think very probable, exigency must be provided for. I call your attention to it now in order that you may be prepared for it and make your arrangements accordingly. I have not been a believer in most of the plots, secret societies, &amp;c., of which we have so many pretended discoveries; but the people in many parts of the North and West now talk openly and boldly of resisting the draft, and it is believed that the leaders of the peace branch of the Democratic party are doing all in their power to bring about this result. The evidence of this has increased very much within the last few days. It is probably thought that such a thing will have an effect upon the next election, by showing the inability of the present Administration to carry on the war with an armed opposition in the loyal State. Whatever the object, it is thought the attempt will be made. Are not the appearances such that we ought to take in sail and prepare the ship for a storm?

Yours, truly,

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., August 11, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

The following is a list of casualties from the explosion of the ammunition barge on the 9th instant: Killed - 12 enlisted men, 2 citizen employes, 1 citizen not employed by Government, 28 colored laborers; wounded - 3 commissioned officers, 4 enlisted men, 15 citizen employes, 86 colored laborers. Besides these there were 18 others wounded, soldiers and citizens not belonging about the wharf. the damage to property was large, but I have not the means of reporting it.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, August 11, 1864.

(Received 10.20 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

We have deserters daily from both Hill's and Longstreet's corps fixing a portion of them at least in our front. There is evidence, however, of some troops having gone north in the last few days. It is not impossible that there may be two divisions, one from each of these corps, now on the way north. Please notify Sheridan of this. Two regiments from Foster's department have arrived here. I have heard of none others.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 11, 1864 - 11 a. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT:

The following forwarded for your information.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

