
The following dispatches were intercepted:

"3.30 P. M.

"Colonel B.:

"A large steamer loaded with troops just came up the river and stopped at lower landing.

"Y.,

"Sergeant."

"5.30 P. M.

"Colonel B.:

"The City Point train has just gone up with about one regiment on board.

"J. Q. E."

"5.45 P. M.

"Sergeant E.,

"St D.:

"Your will watch closely the running of the enemy's cars to-night. If more than usual report it to-morrow a. m. If a great deal more than usual report it immediately.

"B. C,

"At G."

Respectfully,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,September 30, 1864-9 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

About 4 p. m. General Parke was advancing to the Boydton plank road when he was vigorously attacked by the enemy, said by prisoners to have been two divisions of Hill's corps. Potter's division, Ninth Corps, was forced back, requiring Hartranft, on his left, to retire a short distance. Warren sent Griffin to Parke's support and the enemy were checked. Parke has lost in prisoners and wounded and the enemy were checked. Parke has lost in prisoners and wounded left in the advance deposition held. The fighting for some time till after dark was very severe, and after the Ninth Cops rallied and Griffin attacked it is believed the enemy suffered heavily. I have directed General Warren to intrench himself in his position and extend if practicable to the Weldon railroad, and General parke to intrench on Warren's left. I do not think it judicious to make another advance to-morrow unless re-enforced or some evidence can be obtained of the weakening of the enemy.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., September 30, 1864-9.40 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

You need not advance to-morrow unless in your judgment an advantage can be gained, but hold on to what you have, and be ready to advance. We must be greatly superior the enemy in numbers on one flank or the other, and by working around at each end, we will find where the enemy's weak point is. General Butler was assaulted three times this afternoon, but repulsed all of them. I will direct him to feel up the Darbytown road to-morrow.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

71 R R-VOL XLII, PT II

