
CITY POINT, VA., September 30, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

Two new regiments and a part of another have gone to you. Can they not be put in the line so as to spare some old troops to re-enforce the left?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 30, 1864-11.30 p. m. (Sent 12 midnight.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The new regiments were ordered on arrival to be placed in the trenches on the Weldon railroad. One arrived this p. m. which, together with the extension of the colored division, Ninth Corps, enabled a brigade of the Fifth Corps to be relieved. I have ordered Hancock to hold his lines with two divisions and to hold the third in reserve ready for contingencies. I have directed Warren and Parke to advance their pickets, well supported, at daylight and endeavor to ascertain the position and strength of the enemy. I presumed Field's and Hoke's divisions, that were in reserve, would be sent to the northern side of the James; this would leave four divisions on this side. Two were engaged this p. m., the other two holding the lines.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 30, 1864-9.30 a. m. (Sent 10.20 a. m.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

The following* has just been received and has been furnished to General Grant. I did not send to General Grant the dispatch received from Mr. Babcock just after you left camp and which was forwarded to you by an orderly.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 30, 1864-10.30 a. m.

General WILLIAMS:

Please have some infantry sent to Prince George Court-House and some to the redoubt on the Norfolk railroad; also some cavalry to each place, who must scout out in front on these roads so as to ge information of any parties of the enemy. Use General Patrick's cavalry and infantry, including Collins' and the engineer troops.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*See Fulton to Fisher, 9.15 a. m., p. 1118.

---------------

