
CITY POINT, September 30, 1864.

General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have returned to these headquarters, and have resumed the duties of chief quartermaster Armies operating against Richmond.

R. INGALLS,

Brigadier-General, Chief Quartermaster.

(Copy to Major Davis.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 30, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

Refugees yesterday from Petersburg bring information very reliable that Rosser's brigade of cavalry has gone to Early, and also that the following brigades comprise all the cavalry south of the Appomattox: Davis, Dering, Barringer, Young, and Dunovant. Rosser went over the Appomattox last Monday night. Two deserters from Eighteenth North Carolina, Lane's brigade, Wilcox's division, came in at sundown last night. They report that all of Wilcox's division (the three brigades in our front) were packed up and rationed, and under marching orders; had not moved when our informants left, but were to move during the night. Cooke's brigade, of Heth's division, was to have relieved Lane's yesterday, but got into fight with our cavalry, and could not relieve it; are mining on the line occupied by Seventh North Carolina, Lane's brigade, informants say, to blow us up. This is on the extreme right of their line of infantry three-quarters of a mile form Davis' house (burned) on Weldon railroad.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. BABCOCK.

(Forwarded to General Warren.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 30, 1864. (Sent 10.25 a. m.)

General HUMPHREYS:

Negro came down Appomattox River from Petersburg to our lines in a boat this a. m.; left the Chesterfield side at 4 o'clock this morning; says no troops crossed the river yesterday or last night; only knows of one regiment having gone to Chaffin's Bluff, a North Carolina regiment doing provost duty on the Chesterfield side. night before last troops took South Side Railroad for Lynchburg; a brigade or more went, and more were said to be going; were troops that had been in reserve.

NOTE.-Either Field's or Hoke's divisions.

Respectfully,

J. C. BABCOCK.

P. S.-Beauregard has gone to Georgia, and Longstreet is at Pickett's headquarters, near Chester. This negro came from General Hancock's.

