HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 30, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Prisoners form Gregg represent Dunovant's and Young's brigades, of Butler's division of cavalry. Fifteen have been sent in. Refugees corroborate the movement of Rosser's brigade of cavalry on Monday; supposed to Early. Pontoon bridges to the number of five or six have lately been placed over the Appomattox River above Petersburg at intervals for three or four miles, understood by refugees to facilitate the falling back to a new line about three miles to the rear of the river. No definite information of the movement of infantry up to last evening. Troops have undoubtedly been sent off to some point on the South Side Railroad the early part of this week.

Respectfully,

J. C. BABCOCK.

P. S.-One refugee report the movement of the commissary stores on the north side of the Appomattox.

(Forwarded to General Grant at 1 p. m.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 30, 1864.

Colonel G. H. SHARPE, City Point:

Rosser's brigade of cavalry went to Early on Monday night lat. On night before last troops were sent to Lynchburg via South Side Railroad; don't know what nor how many, but think from Hoke's or Field's divisions. No troops moved from this side of Appomattox last night, if the statement of a negro who left Petersburg this morning at 4 o'clock can be relied on. Wilcox's division was under marching orders last night, and packed and rationed for a march. If they have not crossed the Appomattox may have gone to our right or taken South Side Railroad to Lynchburg. Longstreet is at Chester, at General Pickett's headquarters; Beauregard gone to Georgia.

J. C. B[ABCOCK].

PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

September 30, 1864-7 a. m.

Major B. F. FISHER:

There appear to be but few troops of the enemy visible behind their works and only a few camp-fires are seen. Cannot make correct observations owing to the dark and smoky atmosphere. Will make another report this a. m. if it gets more clear.

H. W. FULTON,

Sergeant.

FRIEND'S HOUSE STATION,

September 30, 1864-7.30 a. m.

Major FISHER:

No change in enemy's camps this a. m. A train of thirty ambulances crossed upon space west by southwest of city going to our left.

JORDAN,

Sergeant.

