
SEPTEMBER 30, 1864-9 a. m.

Major FISHER:

Sergeant Jordan reports that he can see very few men around any of the enemy's camps. Four wall-tents visible on Richmond pike to left of Whitehead's house have disappeared.

P. A. TAYLOR,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer.

PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

September 30, 1864-9.40 a. m.

Major B. F. FISHER:

The enemy's sharpshooters are diving amy man off the tree. When-ever a man gets as high as the second ladder they fire at him. One bullet went under his am, but did not injure him. The men have attempted to go to the glass several times, and no sooner does he get a certain height than they send half a dozen bullets after him, all passing within two feet, and close to his body.

H. W. FULTON,

Sergeant.

SEPTEMBER 30, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Major FISHER,

Chief Signal Officer:

An infantry camp and wagon park in western suburbs of city has disappeared. A train of about forty wagons has just moved over road to west of city going south.

JORDAN,

Sergeant.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 264. September 30, 1864.

* * * * *

2. The Two hundred and tenth Pennsylvania Volunteers, having reported to the major-general commanding, is assigned to the Fifth Army Corps, which it will join with as little delay as practicable.

3. The One hundred and eighty-fifth Regiment New York Volunteers, having reported to the major-general commanding, is assigned to the Fifth Army Corps, which it will proceed to join with as little delay as practicable.

* * * * *

5. The commanding officer of the Second Cavalry Division will relieve as soon as practicable the detachments of the First Vermont and Third New Jersey Cavalry now serving with the Second and Ninth Corps, respectively, by companies of cavalry of not less than fifty privates each, and the detachments of the First Vermont and Third

New Jersey Cavalry on being so relieved will proceed to join their regiments serving in the Middle Military Division. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

6. The battalion of the Twenty-second Massachusetts Volunteers to remain in service after the discharge of the regiment will, on the

