HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 30, 1864-8.15 a. m. (Received 8.20 a. m.)

General HUMPHREYS:

The morning reports are not yet all in. If anything special had occurred, however, I think it would have been reported. Nothing was observed on General Gibbon's front. Will telegraph you again in the course of half an hour, when the remaining reports arrive. The negro I sent up states that he saw troops along the river in both their first and second lines.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 30, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

There appears to have been no material change in enemy's line on my front during the night. Just before dark the enemy opened on Fort Sedgwick from a new Coehorn mortar battery in the work just opposite. i placed six Coehorns in Battery 20 to reply.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 30, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

General Gregg has moved out the Vaughan road to within two miles of the Rowanty. So far as he can ascertain, Hampton, with two divisions, fell back over the Rowanty last night, and at present he does not know what H. is about. He may undertake a dash up the plank road. This is watched by a regiment of cavalry that can give notice of his approach but nor resist him. The commanding general wishes you to keep a lookout for the plank road, so as to meet such a movement if attempted. Some infantry, with cavalry lookouts, were sent from engineer and other troops about headquarters to Prince George Court-House and to fort on Norfolk railroad.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

September 30, 1864. (Received 4.05 p. m.)

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch was received at 3.40. I have made some disposition to meet the contingency you mentioned. Have the troops [that] occupied the line between Fort Alexander Hays and Fort Davis been moved? If any such force as the division of cavalry come on the left I should hardly be able to concentrate a force rapidly enough to occupy a sufficient length of the rear line against them. In case of necessity,

