
The regiment sent to Miss Pegram's to report to General Warren belongs to my remaining brigade. As General Davis will be in the same vicinity I would like to have this regiment relieved, as the brigade to which it belongs is mostly engaged picketing. I hear firing in the direction General Davies has advanced, so that probably his arrival will be delayed.

Yours, respectfully,

D. MCM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 30, 1864-8.15 p. m.

Brigadier-General GREGG, Commanding Cavalry:

The major-general commanding, directs that you withdraw the brigade you sent up the road toward the Boydton plank road past Miss Pegram's, directing a regiment to report to General Parke, commanding Ninth Corps. General Parke holds part of the intrenchments taken from the enemy in Peebles' field, General Warren making the connection with the Weldon railroad. General Parke will probably wish the regiment to hold the crossroads at or near the house marked "J. Hawks" on the map. Have you any information of the whereabouts of the enemy's cavalry? The commanding general wishes you to remain where you were this morning-that is, at Davis'.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

Brig up such supplies as you require.

A. A. H.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,September 30, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Just before dark this evening the enemy's cavalry made a demonstration against my regiment toward Reams' Station, and also on a road running south from near Wyatt's. General Davies found the enemy with artillery near the crossing of the Rowanty. I cannot discover where the main body of the cavalry is. I have not had a report from General Davies for some time, but presume he is at Miss Pegram's. He will not get back with his brigade, I fear, for several hours, as he will have established his line before the order for his return can reach him. A portion of the remaining brigade is on the Vaughan road.

Respectfully,

D. MCM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

September 30, 1864-11.50 p. m. (Sent 12 midnight.)

Brigadier-General GREGG, Commanding Cavalry, Army of the Potomac:

(Through headquarters Fifth Army Corps.)

The major-general commanding directs that you move out with your command to-morrow at daylight on the road on which the Boisseaus

