
left, which is about the center of our line, nearly opposite the large fort which we took, and made a determined assault in three lines with a very heavy fire of artillery, but were repulsed just now.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,In the Field, September 30, 1864-3.50 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The enemy have assaulted my line three times at the fort taken yesterday, but have been each time handsomely repulsed. General Stannard is seriously wounded. If you will send me a good brigadier-general to command his division you will confer a great favor.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, September 30, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

I will send Brigadier-General Humphrey, of the Ninth Corps, to take command of Stannard's division, until some general officer returns. A column of troops numbering form 2,000 to 3,000 men were reported moving on the Richmond pike toward Petersburg this afternoon.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, September 30, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER,

Deep Bottom:

General Warren carried the enemy's works beyond Spring Church handsomely, capturing a number of prisoners. He is now preparing for a further advance on the enemy. Be well on your guard to act defensively. If the enemy are forced from Petersburg they may push to oppose you.

U. S. GRANT.

(Copy to General Birney.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,September 30, 1864-7.50 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

The telegraph now is within half a mile of my headquarters, and nearer Weitzel's. We are making the best preparation we can for defense. We have repulsed the enemy in all his attacks, with little loss on our side and heavy on theirs. We are much walker than you suppose. I would be very glad of any re-enforcements. the remainder of Field's division, three brigades, have crossed and are in our front with Hoke's division. Heath was ordered to start, but I can hear nothing of him. The city local reserves are in our front, down to the clerks in the naval department, known as the Naval Battalion, and the clerks in the

