
express companies and the policemen. We have got now before us everything there is. A few more men and we can push through the Darbytown line unless Lee quits Petersburg. If he does it is a question of legs which will get here first. I fell no doubt of being able to hold until you come if Lee and all come. These assaults appear to be directed to the recapture of the big fort. It is evident that capture troubles the enemy much; indeed, the prisoners say they are told it shall be taken if it costs every man they have got and all we have got. Be it so. So far as I am concerned it shall not be taken except upon those terms. I congratulate you upon Warren's success. I hope ho has been successful in the attack we have just heard. I have no accurate map, so that I cannot appreciate the value of his success.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, September 30, 1864-11 p. m.

Major-General BUTLER:

General Meade's forces met with some success to-day, capturing a few prisoners, two redoubts, and some rifle-pits; but later this evening, in moving two divisions of the Ninth Corps to flank the enemy, they were attacked furiously by two divisions of Hills' corps and forced back somewhat, leaving some of their wounded and some prisoners in the hands of the enemy. A division of the Fifth Corps moved up to their assistance and checked any farther advance, and it is thought with heavy slaughter of the enemy. This would look as if no heavy force had been sent north of the James. I think it would be advisable for you to reconnoiter up the Darbytown road, and if there appears to be any chance for an advance make it.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, September 30, 1864-11.15 p. m.

Major-General BUTLER:

Whilst in your present position Wilson's Wharf and Powhatan can be reduced to small garrisons, and Harrison's Landing can be abandoned altogether, if this will give you re-enforcements to do any good.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,September 30, 1864-11.30 p. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

From an officer who is to take the oath of allegiance I receive the following information, upon which I rely: That before me there is Heath's, Wilcox's, Field's, and Hoke's divisions, Pickett still at Bermuda, Early having Kershaw's, Rodes' (Early's old), and Breckinridge's forces. Before Petersburg is Anderson's old division, Mahone commanding,

