
AUGUSTA, ME., September 30, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER:

The Governor is absent, but will endeavor to have the Eighth and Eleventh Maine Regiments filled up.

JOHN L. HODSDON,

Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. AND N. C.,

No. 116. ARMY OF THE JAMES,

In the Field, September 30, 1864.

Bvt. Major General Godfrey Weitzel is hereby assigned to duty according to his brevet rank, and will assume command of the Eighteenth Army Corps, relieving Major-General Ord, wounded in action.

By command of Major-General Butler:

ED. W. SMITH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE JAMES,September 30, 1864-9.55 a. m.

Major-General BIRNEY, Commanding Tenth Corps:

The exigency having arisen provided for in the instructions, the junction of the two corps, General paine's division will report to Major-General Witzel, who has assumed command of the Eighteenth Corps. General Birney will move his corps by the left, so as to connect with the right of General Weitzel, at or near the prominent work taken by the Eighteenth Corps from the enemy, now occupied by General Stannard's division. His command will then man the line until it strikes the New Market road, and then at a proper point across that road he will refuse his right, throwing it over nearly parallel to the road as the capabilities of the ground may suggest. General Kautz, with his command, now on the Darbytown road, will connect with General Birney, holding the most of his force with the right refused, and picket so as to join pickets with the forces at Deep Bottom, at or near the signal station at New Market. General Kautz will throw his pickets out on all practicable roads, so that no advance can be made by the enemy without timely notice, and if an advance is made it will be resisted firmly and immediate information given to General Birney and these headquarters simultaneously. Both Generals Birney and Kautz will strengthen their lines by abatis, felling trees, and by such other means as their experience will suggest, it being our intention to hold our positions as at present until other movements of the enemy. It is suggested that the reveille should be at 4.30 in the morning.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Same to General Kautz.)

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, Va., September 30, 1864.

Division commanders will hold their commands well in hand and prepared to move a t any time. The men must be kept with their regiments, and all stragglers and men absent form the regiments other

