
corps has gone to Hood's army and another to the Valley. He also states that a man from Wilcox's division, of Hill's corps, came from Chaffin's farm to his regiment a few days since, at which time Wilcox was between the Appomattox and James Rivers, in front of Major-General Butler. All of deserters corroborate previous information concerning the forces and their position on the south of the Appomattox, viz: Four divisions, posted from right to left as follows: Mahone, Heth, Hoke, and Bushrod Johnson. Mahone's division is located as follows: Wright's brigade, on extreme right, not in trenches; Weisiger's brigade, next in line; Sanders' brigade, next in line; Harris' brigade, next in line; Finegan's brigade next in line, on extreme left of the division, and extending across the Jerusalem plank road. According to the statements of these deserters the strength of Weisiger's brigade has been reduced to 750 men; that of Sanders' brigade has been reduced to 800 men for duty. Great disposition to desert in Sanders' brigade.

NOTE. - From the right of the line we have information of Longstreet's corps to the following dates: Field's division near New Market, or Deep Bottom, August 8; Kershaw's division in General Butler's front, in rear of Pickett's, August 7; Pickett's division in General Butler's front, August 7. The position of Wilcox's division, of A. P. Hill's corps, is uncertain. General Butler telegraphs, on the 4th instant, that "Wilcox's division, of Hill's corps, is reported as being between New Market and Chaffin's farm. This, however, needs confirmation."

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. BABCOCK.

CITY POINT, VA., August 11, 1864 - 7.30 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

There is very strong evidence, aside from that brought in by deserters, that the enemy are sending troops north. I think one division each from Hill's and Longstreet's corps have gone. Is our line now in position to be held by two corps?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

Referred to Major Duane, chief engineer.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 11, 1864 - 11 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Reply to telegram of 7.30 delayed to get report of engineer officer. Engineers report it will require three days to complete the redoubts and rifle-pits in the fronts occupied by the Ninth and Fifth Corps, and three days more to prepare all the abatis. This work can only be executed at night, it being under the enemy's fire; and owing to the extreme heat of the weather and other causes the work is not as rapidly executed as I expected. I have given orders to put on the maximum force and push it. I know nothing of the condition of the work on the Eighteenth Corps line.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

