
CONFEDERATE CORRESPONDENCE, ETC.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 180. Richmond, August 1, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XXXVI. The following schedule of prices for articles named therein, adopted by commissioners appointed pursuant to law for the State of Virginia, are announced for the information of all concerned, and the special attention of officers and agents of the Government is directed thereto:

RICHMOND, VA., August 1, 1864

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON:

SIR: We were informed early in July the demand for army supplies was so urgent that your department felt constrained to disregard our schedule prices then in force and offer market rates to the farmers for their wheat if delivered in July. This policy was deemed indispensable to insure the early receipt of supplies. Concurring with the War Department in the paramount importance of obtaining, at the earliest practicable period, a quantity of wheat for the support of the army, we apprehended so great a disparity existed between our former rates and the rates then offering on our leading cities that unless we advanced prices our action might serious[ly] embarrass the Government on their efforts to obtain immediate supplies. Under these circumstances, and owing to the very short crop of wheat and unprecedented demand for breadstuffs, together with the depreciation in the currency, as well as to the further fact that the farmers were then securing the oat and hay crops, we proposed the advanced prices set forth in our July and August schedules; but now, as the immediate wants of the army are being provided for and vigorous efforts are initiated to reduce the currency and reinstate public credit, we are disposed to accept the recent manifestations of public opinion in regard to our prices as the strongest assurance that in future adequate supplies can be secured on very moderate terms. As the press, the public, and the farmers in part have all united in condemning our rates as too high, we therefore defer to what seems to be the general desire and propose the following prices:

Having readopted the schedules of May and June last, in accordance with the clearly manifested wishes of the people, we have thought it advisable and proper to stimulate the sale and delivery of small grain, &amp;c., now so much needed as to be indispensable, by advancing the price of wheat, flour, corn, and corn meal, oats and hay, delivered in the month of August. Therefore we place the price of wheat at $7,50 per bushel, and a corresponding advance of 50 per cent. on all the grades of flour, mill offal, &c., and corn we assess at $6 per bushel, and corn meal at $6,30 per bushel; oats and hay, per 100 pounds, unbaled, at $6, and at $7 per 100 pounds baled, east of the Blue Ridge, and delivered during the month of August.

Railroad iron not being included in the Government contracts with the iron manufacturers should not have been advanced in our last schedules, so we readopt our old valuation for railroad iron, and put the price at $190 per ton.

The foregoing are to be the prices of wheat, flour, mill offal, corn and corn meal, oats, hay, and railroad iron, delivered during the month of August.

In September we propose to adopt simply the former schedules for May and June, with the exception of the assessment upon railroad iron, which we wish to continue at $190 per ton during the month of September. We also readopt the revision of our February and March schedule in reference to the impressment of gorses as published in our July schedule. We trust that the people in theses counties who have recently in public meetings expressed their views in favor of low prices will now, since all impediments have been removed, as patriotical lead out in tendering and selling, both to the Government and to the people, all they can spare at schedule rates. Such an example voluntarily set before the people would exert a most salutary influence. The public may be assured we will interpose no barrier to thwart either their benevolent intentions or generous contributions in behalf of their country. Identified with them in all respects, we are disposed to foster every

praiseworthy afford made in behalf of our common cause.

RICHMOND, VA., May 4, 1864.

Honorable JAMES A. SEDDON:

Sir: In reviewing the schedules of prices for May and June we invited the co-operation and aid of Mr. William B. Harrison, and it is just to add the schedules received the unanimous approval of the commissioners. We respectfully offer the accompanying Schedules A and B, with the understanding that the prices are to

