
eighteen years of age might be deemed in all other particulars as a first-class artillery horse, but, of course, however efficient and able to render good service for a year or two, yet his advanced age would justly and materially impair his value. Any horse, however he may approximate the standard of a first-class artillery horse, must, according to deficiency, fall below the maximum price, and as few, comparatively, come up to the standard, and are, therefore, entitled to the maximum price, as. of course, in all other instances the price should be proportionately reduced as imperfections place them below the standard of first-class,&amp;c.

SCHEDULE B.

Hire of labor, teams, wagons, and drivers.

Labor.	Quantity and	Price.

time.

Baling long forage	Per 100	 $0,90

pounds

Shelling and bagging corn, sacks	Per 56 pounds	 05

furnished by Government

Hauling	Per cwt.,per	 08

mile

Hauling grain	Per bushel,	 04

per mile

Hire of two-horse team, wagon,	Per day	 10,00

and driver, rations furnished by

owner

Hire of same, rations furnished	...do...	 5,00

by Government

Hire of four-horse team, wagon,	...do...	 13,00

and driver, rations furnished by

owner

Hire of same, rations furnished	...do...	 6,50

by the Government

Hire of six-horse team, wagon,	...do...	 16,00

and driver, rations furnished by

owner

Hire of same, rations furnished	...do...	 8,50

by Government

Hire of laborer, rations	...do...	 2,50

furnished by owner

Hire of same, rations furnished	...do...	 1,50

by Government

Hire of same, rations and	Per month	 50,00

clothing furnished by owner

Hire same, rations furnished by	...do...	 30,00

the Government

Hire of teamster, rations	...do...	 40,00

furnished by the Government

Hire of laborer, clothing and	Per year	 300,00

rations furnished by Government

Hire of same, rations only	...do...	 400,00

furnished by the Government

Hire of same, clothing and	...do...	 550,00

rations furnished by owner

Hire of ox-cart, team, and	Per day	 10,00

driver, rations furnished by

owner

Hire of same, rations furnished	...do...	 5,00

by Government

REVISION OF THE SCHEDULES OF FEBRUARY AND MARCH LAST.

Since the adoption of our schedules for the months of February and March the financial bills passed by Congress taxing the currency have seriously impaired the value of old issues of Confederate Treasury note. At this juncture large numbers of horses and mules were impressed and paid for in a currency which, in a few days thereafter was to be taxed 33 1/8 per cent.

The board of State commissioners having adjourned, and one of its members being out of the State, it could not be convened in time to review our schedule of prices. Under this state of facts we have rearranged and re-examined our tariff of prices, so far as we have been advised of recent impressments, proposing, in this mode, to so far as we have been advised of recent impressments, proposing, in this mode, to remedy any diminution which may have resulted from the action of Congress upon the currency. Therefore we assess the average of artillery or wagon horses or mules impressed since the passage of the currency bill on the 17th of February last at $600. This award will entitle each person to receive higher compensation accordingly as each horse or mule impressed may be considered as being a first, second, or third class artillery or wagon horse or mule, whether the parties appeal to our board or not, and the impressing officers should forthwith call on all those persons of whom they impressed horses or mules and propose a settlement upon the foregoing basis; but allowing to each person only such prices as first, second, or third class artillery or wagon horses or mules may have been estimated at by the local or county appraisers, assuming our average appraisement of $600 as a fair medium valuation. This, then, would allow a maximum price of &800 and a minimum price of &400, making &600 the average price, thus allowing more for first-class horses and mules, and proportionately less for the inferior, as they may fall below the grade of first-class, payment of whatever amount awarded to be made in the now issue of Treasury notes.

The empressing officers in those instances where no arbitrators or local appraisement for horses or mules impressed should in all such cases themselves re-estimate the value of horses or mules thus impressed, and allow in each case such additional

