HEADQUARTERS ANDERSON'S BRIGADE,New Market, August 1, 1864

Major W. F. JONES.

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that in obedience to instructions from division headquarters, I ordered Lieutenant-Colonel Carmical, commanding Seventh Georgia Regiment, with his regiment to make the reconnaissance of Deep Bottom. As the result of his observation he reports driving the picket-line of the enemy some 200 yards, and could not advance farther without too much risk, and as he heard orders given to turn his right flank he withdrew. His line was formed beyond Four-Mile Creek, the left resting on the creek, but in advancing this flank was thrown forward. Colonel Carmical is under the impression, from the resistance met with, that there is a considerable force. We had two men slightly wounded in the skirmish, and found two of the enemy dead. Lieutenant Wade, Eighth Georgia, was on a scout this morning as far as Malvern Hill, and reports some five or six gun-boats in the river between that point and about due south of my headquarters on the Hill, a large camp at City Point, probably hospitals, and a larges number of vessels in the river, supposed transport. Some of my pickets reported this morning that they heard lumber being thrown about as if the pontoon bridge was being taken up below Bailey's Run. This is only supposition, of course, as we have not been able to see the bridge from our position. I can discover pickets on the works about that point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. ANDERSON,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, August 1, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the lieutenant-general.

I will send out scouting parties from all the brigades in the morning. Other scouts out throughout the division report an enemy still in my front behind breast-works.

C. W. FIELD,Brigadier-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARTILLERY, FIRST CORPS,

Numbers 24. August 1, 1864.

Major W. M. Owen having reported to these headquarters for artillery orders from headquarters Artillery, Army of Northern Virginia, is hereby assigned to the command of Major Gibbes' battalion artillery.

By order of Lieutenant Colonel Frank Huger:

J. C. HASKELL,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

RICHMOND, August 2, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Petersburg, Va.:

Have ordered the promotion of General Mahone to date from the day of his memorable service, 30th of July. Have directed the appointment,

