
temporary, of Captain Girardey as recommended. Has your attention been called to Colonel Dunovant or De Saussure, temporarily to supply place of General Elliott? I have inquired as to position of Colonel Butler, and whether be can be detached.

JEFF'N DAVIS.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 181. Richmond, august 2, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XIX. Lieutenant Colonel Archer Anderson, assistant adjutant-general, Provisional army, C. S., will proceed to the Army of Northern Virginia upon inspection duty, in accordance with instructions of Colonel R. H. Chilton, assistant inspector-general.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

Numbers 52. August 2, 1864.

As some misapprehension seems to prevail as regards the rights of certain enlisted men now in the army who claim a discharge from active service under the provisions of paragraph VIII of General Orders, Numbers 42, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series, the following is published for the information of all concerned:

I. Volunteers now in the army who were forty-five years of age previous to the 17th day of February last, or who have not reached the age of eighteen years, are entitled to a discharge from their present service at the expiration of the term for which they were enlisted.

II. Men who were brought into service under the operation of the acts of Congress of April and September, 1862, and who were forty-five years of aye previous to the 17th day of February last, are entitled to a discharge from active service at the expiration of three years from the date of their enrollment.

III. Persons who were once discharged from service by reason of having furnished substitutes, who have been brought back into service by the operation of the act of Congress approved on the 5th day of January last, and published in General Orders, Numbers #, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series, and who were forty-five years of age previous to the 17th day of February last, are entitled to a discharge from active service at the expiration of three years from date of their last enrollment.

IV. All residents of the Confederate States who had not reached the age of forty-fives years previous to the 17th day of February, 1864, or who, at the expiration of their present term, have passed the age of eighteen years, are retained in active service "during the present war with the United States", by the provisions of the act of Congress published in General Orders, Numbers 26, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office of the 1st of March, 1864.

By command of General Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

