
and parallel to the first gallery and toward Hare's house of twenty-two feet, a total distance of thirty-four feet six inches. At the end of the first main gallery a branch turns off at right angles to the left a distance of thirteen feet six inches, and at eight feet and a half from the first gallery another branch turns off at right angles to the right, and has been driven a distance of ten feet two inches. Continued this gallery, reducing it to the dimensions of a cammon gallery, viz two feet six inches, and extended this gallery a total distance of twenty-five feet two inches. This mine I have turned over to Major/General Hoke, and have ordered the miners of Clingman's brigade to report to him, and he has promised hereafter to furnish the proper number of officers and men to prosecute the work vigorously.

The total distance made at all the mines since I took charge up to July 29 is 368 feet 9 inches. Since that date have extended the mines an additional distance of ten feet eight inches, and a total distance of 379 feet 5 inches. Sunk shafts at Pegram's four additional feet and enlarged them. Sunk shafts at Gracie's and Colquitt's, included in the distance mined, is about five feet. Mine Numbers 1, at Pegram's, had to be enlarged, its direction changed, and about the same distance in Mine Numbers 2 that had to be framed up. We had to take out the frames in consequence of their being too small and insert larger ones. The work of enlarging and changing the galleries involved more labor than if they had been commenced by us originally. We have on hand a good supply of frames, planking, and other material required in mining.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HUGH THOS. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Engineer Troops, in Charge Mining,&amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER TROOPS,Blandford, August 2, 1864.

Colonel T. M. R. TALCOTT,

Commanding First Regiment Engineer Troops:

COLONEL: At your request I make the following report as respects the organization of the mining detachments for each mine:

I have organized two detachments, one to work from 8 a. m. to 8 p. m., the other from 8 p. m. to 8 a. m. Each detachment consists of two reliefs; each relief of one miner, one shoveller, one wheeler, one men at the bottom of the shaft to fill the basket, two men at the windlass or ropes, and two men to moves the earth to the rear, under one noncommissioned officer. As the distance increases additional men will be required in each gallery, and as the distance to the rear where the earth is wasted increases additional men are required.

The force required to work one mine with only one gallery will be as follows:

Officers.	Men.	Total.

First detachment:

First relief	 1	 8	 9

Second relief	 1	 8	 9

Second detachment:

First relief	 1	 8	 9

Second relief	 1	 8	 9

Total	 4	 32	 36

