
avoid observation. Learning that the Sixth and Nineteenth Corps were moving up from Washington, the Sixth Corps having reached Halltown, he determined to fall back to Winchester, where he could deliver battle to greater advantage. I do not think that the whole of the Nineteenth Corps could have reached the Valley, but it seems that General Early's presence in the Valley tends to excite the apprehensions of the Federal authorities and to cause a detachment of troops from Grant. If Morgan could have struck the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad in the neighborhood of Cheat River, and have proceeded into Washington County, Pa., as I had projected, he would have created a valuable diversion in Early's favor.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

BURWELL'S BAY, August 4, 1864.

Captain WILLIAM N. BARKER,

In charge of Signal Bureau:

SIR: We crossed the river last night, and beg to submit the following report:

The enemy are moving all of their forces from Yorktown and Williamsburg. Their destination supposed to be Washington. Hancock's corps lost heavily in the recent engagement, losing more than

one-half his whole force. A great many sick and wounded are at present collected at City Point. There seems to be great activity among the enemy's vessels. They are running day and part of the night.

Very respectfully,

JNumbers F. MOORE,

In Charge of Boat.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 183. Richmond, August 4, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XVII. Paragraph XXXII, Special Orders, Numbers 154,* current series, is amended so as to read: Captain S. H. Whitner, assistant adjutant-general, is assigned to duty with the division of Major General B. R. Johnson, Provisional Army, C. S., and will report accordingly.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER DEPOT,Blandford, August 5, 1864.

Colonel T. M. R. TALCOTT,

Commanding First Regiment Engineer Troops:

COLONEL: I have the honor to make the following report of operations since my report of the 2nd instant:

August 3, at Gracie's mine the night detachment had removed all the material out of the galleries, filled the sand-bags, removed the water, and left the mine in good condition for the day detachment that

---------------

*See Vol. XL, Part II, p. 710.

---------------

