
commenced work extending gallery Numbers 2. The night detachment continued the work and extended this gallery sixteen feet, a total distance of thirty-two feet from the point at which it branches off from the main gallery. On the 4th work was resumed in this gallery, and a chamber for the mine excavated to the right and at right angle to the second gallery, a distance of four feet and a half. On the night of the 4th a detachment carried into the mine eight barrels of powder, weighing 850 pounds, and placed them within the two mines, 425 pounds in each, tamped the powder barrels and galleries up to a level with the top of the barrels, two feet from the bottom of the gallery. The mines are now charged and ready for the powder train and safety-fuse. August 3, sent a detachment to work at Colquitt's mine; they extended the right-hand gallery four feet and a half, the night detachment an additional distance of two feet six inches; a distance for the day's work of seven feet. The total length of this gallery, after it branches off from the main gallery, is twelve feet and a half to the first turn, thence twenty-nine feet; a total length of forty-one feet and a half. By orders from you I discontinued work at this mine.

Lieutenant E. N. Wise, with a detachment, continued work at Pegram's crated during the 3rd. On the 4th he turned the work over to Captain Conway. The total length of the different galleries extended up to this date under my orders amounts to 402 feet 5 inches. I have made a commencement toward the organization of the company for work in depot. On the 4th made sixty feet of cotton tubing for powder train to be used in mine, two wheelbarrows, two sets of curbing for shaft, sawed off planks for curbing and sheeting for mines, got out and fitted box-tubing for mine, and repaired tools at forge, made one boring tool, &amp;c.

August 5, at 6.30 o'clock the mines at Gracie's were fired and blown up. I expect to be able by the 6th to have a supply of material on hand so as to anticipate all the wants of the different mining parties.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

HUGH THOS. DOUGLAS,

Captain, Engineer Troops, Charge Engineer Depot.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 185. Richmond, August 6, 1864.

* * * * * * *

LVIII. Major Charles A. Snowden, quartermaster,&c., is assigned to duty with Major General R. Ransom's command, and will report accordingly.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, August 6, 1864.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General:

An experimental mine was fired successfully last night in front of Gracie's line. Enemy appeared much alarmed. All quiet to-day.

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

