
greatly more effective than they have hitherto been, by assigning this service to a special organization, whose exclusive charge it shall be to harass and damage the enemy on his river communications. This will require that the utmost possible mobility be given to the artillery that a sufficient number of guns adapted to the purpose be always ready for this service without endangering other equally or more important interests by withdrawing them too far from our defensive lines, and, if possible, an adequate support of the most reliable cavalry we can get, whose exclusive duty it shall be to aid and protect the operations of the artillery. I propose, then, that three batteries of four pieces, each under the command of an energetic and competent field officer, be at once thoroughly equipped as horse artillery. This will require that, in addition to the usual six draft horses to each piece and caisson, a sufficient number of horses be furnished to mount all the cannoneers;this is indispensable to the efficient service of the batteries. Two extra horses without harness will be necessary to each piece to meet casual-ties, and two for horse holders to each detachment. A battery of four pieces thus equipped will require fifty-six additional horses, and three batteries will require 168. I propose to place these three batteries under the immediate command of Major A. W. Stank, in every respect a most competent officer. He now commands two batteries of four napoleons each, thoroughly equipped in all respects except the additional horses and their accouterments. But I also require a battery of four 10-pounder Parrotts; this I have not got. Unless such a battery can be supplied already prepared for this service from some other command, it will be necessary to equip one throughout. If the requisite number of horses can be obtained, all the rest can be accomplished without difficulty and with very little delay. I have already taken the necessary measures for that end, if it should become necessary, and I have also an organized and well-instructed company, the Louisiana Guard Artillery, under Captain C. A. Green, now dismounted, ready to take the battery at once. This arrangement, however, will require sixty-two more horses to be supplied than would be necessary if a battery already equipped should be assigned, making the whole number of horses to be furnished 230 instead of 168.

I will add that in my judgment the supporting cavalry force should not be less than 1,500 men, commanded by an officer of experience and of approved ability in that arm of service.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Artillery.

PETERSBURG, August 8, 1864-4 p. m.

Major General WADE HAMPTON,

Stony Creek:

Have you received further information of departure of enemy's cavalry? Are you able to take the field?

R. E. LEE,

General.

