
AUGUST 10, 1864.

Colonel S. W. MELTON,

Assistant Adjutant-General, War Office, Richmond:

Don't let the proposition for the relief of the poor people here be lost sight of. The chief commissary states that he has heard of no action in the matter.

W. H. TAYLOR.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

Numbers 54. August 10, 1864.

All persons connected with this army who are absent without proper authority are enjoined to return to their respective commands without delay. This order is intended to embrace those who have remained absent beyond the time limited for their return, or after the cause of their absence has ceased. All such persons are admonished that every day they remain from their post adds to the dangers and labors of their comrades, while it increases their own responsibility to the laws they are violating. The commanding general deems it only necessary to remind those who have erred through thoughtlessness or negligence of the shame and disgrace they will bring upon themselves and their families if they shrink from the manful discharge of duty in the hour of their country's need, and leave their homes to be defended and their independence to be secured by the unaided courage of others. To those whose absence has been prolonged until they have incurred the guilt of desertion, he can only say that a prompt and voluntary return to duty alone can palliate their offense and entitle them to expect any clemency. If arrested and brought back, justice to the faithful and true as well as the interests and safety of the country, requires that they shall suffer the extreme penalty of the law.

R. E. LEE,

General.

PETERSBURG, VA., August 10, 1864.

General R. S. EWELL,

Commanding, Chaffin's Bluff:

I think that the camp at Dutch gap is probably the marines. Could not Captain Mitchell shell it while Pickett opened on laud batteries and you attacked it? They will soon be fortified.

R. E. LEE.

RICHMOND, VA., August 11, 1864.

General R. E. Lee,

Dunn's Hill, near Petersburg:

Am informed by Mr. Ould that nearly all of Sheridan's cavalry were reported to have gone up the Potomac; Also some infantry; that a movement against the Weldon railroad by infantry is proposed. It is thought idle to attack your intrenchments, but feasible to starve you out. An unofficial dispatch of 11th instant again announces disaster to McCausland and Johnson near Moorefield.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

74 R R-VOL XLII, PT II

