
WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., August 11, 1864.

General R. E. LEE,

Petersburg, Va.:

Information through signal office, said to be reliable, from Washing-ton, of the 8th instant, states Grant and staff arrived in Washington from Baltimore on the 6th, and that his army has been moving away rapidly from Petersburg since his unsuccessful mining feat. Troops and munitions in large numbers and quantities have recently landed at Alexandria, Annapolis, Baltimore, and Washington from Grant's army. This accords with information from same source of 5th and 6th,which states that Sheridan and Hooker were in Washington; that 2,500 cavalry had arrived; that Grant and staff had gone to Harper's Ferry, and that region. Brigade of cavalry with artillery passed through Washington on 7th. You must estimate the worth of these reports.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

HEADQUARTERS, August 11, 1864.

Honorable J. A. SEDDON:

Your dispatch of to-day received. General Grant has been at Harper's Ferry; General Sheridan has been placed in command of that department; the greater part of his cavalry has gone with him. The part of the Nineteenth Corps, are the only infantry, I believe, that have left General Meade.

R. E. LEE.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE

Numbers 189. Richmond, Va., August 11, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XXX. Brigadier General George H. Steuart is assigned to duty in the Army of Northern Virginia, and will report for orders to General R. E. Lee, commanding, &amp;c.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

SAML. W. MELTON.

HEADQUARTERS, August 11, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. H. ANDERSON:

GENERAL: The Washington Chronicle of the 8th states that General Sheridan has superseded General Hunter in command of the troops on the upper Potomac, and I believe that the greater part of his cavalry has been detached by General Grant and sent to Washington and Baltimore. This morning General Hampton commences his march for Culpeper, with his division, to report to you. It is desirable that the

