
presence of our troops be felt beyond the Rappahannock. You had better take position north of Culpeper Court-House and let the cavalry operate north of Rappahannock River. Should the enemy's forces move west of the Blue Ridge range, leaving Washington uncovered, the cavalry might cross the Potomac east of the mountains and demonstrate against that city. Should he concentrate all his cavalry in the Valley, unless it can be withdrawn by other operations ours must meet it, and General Hampton must take command of all the cavalry when united. Any enterprise that can be undertaken to injure the enemy, distract or separate his forces, embarrass his communications on the Potomac or on land, is desirable. If you can learn what troops have been detached from Grant's army let me know. Prisoners and deserters state the Eighteenth Corps and the portion of the Nineteenth operating here have left.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Numbers 189. August 11, 1864.

* * * * * * *

V. Colonel John D. Barry, having been appointed to the temporary rank of brigadier-general, is for the present assigned to the command of Lane's brigade, Wilcox's division, Third Corps, and will report accordingly.

* * * * * * *

VII. Major General Wade Hampton is assigned to the command of the cavalry of this army. Division commanders will report to him accordingly.

VIII. The following officers of the general staff heretofore attached to the headquarters of the cavalry will report for duty without delay to Major-General Hampton, commanding, &amp;c,: Major H. B. McClellan, assistant adjutant-general; Major A. R. Venable, assistant adjutant-general; Major George Freaner, assistant inspector-general; Major N. R. Fitzhugh, chief quartermaster; Major W. J. Johnson, chief commissary of subsistence; Captain J. M. Hanger, assistant quartermaster; Surg. J. B. Fontaine, medical director; Captain Charles Grattan, chief ordnance officer; Major G. M. Ryals, provost marshal.

By command of General R. E. Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS, August 11, 1864.

General WADE HAMPTON,

Commanding, &c.:

GENERAL: I desire you to proceed with your division to Culpeper. On arrival you will report to Lieutenant General R. H. Anderson, commanding in that quarter. The object is to threaten the enemy's flank and rear should he move across the Blue Ridge into the Valley, and to retain his forces about Washington for its protection. It is desirable that the

