
Department, and charged specially with the care, direction, and organization of the cavalry arm of the service. Some officer who has had experience in this branch of the service could be assigned to duty as chief of the new bureau.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,August 15, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

I think much good might be accomplished for the cavalry by establishing this bureau as a part of the Adjutant and Inspector's Department to take charge of the interests pertaining to all the cavalry service. I think that General R. S. Ewell is the officer best qualified by experience and information and service for the position of chief. Besides possessing great merit he has great claims.

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Second indorsement.]

DECEMBER 8, 1864.

Respectfully referred to General Ewell, whose attention is invited to the subject, and particularly to the indorsement of General Lee, and for his views.

S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF RICHMOND,December 27, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

While willing to do anything that the Government may require much prefer active duty in the field should the interests of the service permit such assignment. I have been exclusively on similar duty for nearly a quarter of a century, and have no experience whatever as a bureau officer.

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.

RICHMOND, August 13, 1864.

General S. COOPER:

(Through General R. E. Lee, commanding.)

GENERAL: I respectfully recommend that an inspector-general of cavalry, with the rank of colonel, be appointed, who will be charged with the duty of inspecting all the cavalry in the field under the directions, of course, from the Adjutant and Inspector General's Office. Major H. von Borcke has been engaged partially on this duty, and I know of no one more competent in every way to fill the position proposed. He is a thoroughly educated soldier, has been serving most gallantly with the cavalry of this army for two years, and is now, un-

