
fortunately, disqualified to enter the field by a severe wound. Until he is able to resume his duties in the fields he could admirably discharge those of inspector-general.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

WADE HAMPTON,

Major-General,

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,August 15, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for the consideration of the Department.

This is a matter for decision of the Adjutant and Inspector General, as it pertains to duties of his office. I can only state that Major von Borcke is an officer of singular worth and merit, of great zeal and gallantry, and merits every consideration.

R. E. LEE,

General.

[Second indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF RICHMOND,December 28, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded.

As this was inclosed with the letter in reference to the Cavalry Bureau to me, I presume some expression of opinion is expected. As far as my knowledge of this officer extends I think this appointment a very suitable one.

R. S. EWELL,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,August 14, 1864.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR,

Richmond, Va.:

SIR: I regret to state that the desertions are increasing in some of the regiments of this army. General Hill reports, on the 12th instant, the desertion of a lieutenant and twenty-four men from the Ninth Alabama Regiment, ten men from Dement's (Maryland) battery, and six others from different regiments of Mahone's division. The troops are suffering much discomfort in the trenches, which may in part account from these desertions, and the circular issued by the Washington authorities, promising immunity to deserters and exemption from military service, may also have had its effect. From the statements of Federal deserters of the feeling in their army, I wrote to you some time since that I thought good might be done by issuing an order promising to receive their deserters and give them the means of reaching their homes by a safe route, and shall be glad to know your views on the subject. In some cases I believe particular causes of discontent are alleged to exist among our men. In the Ninth Alabama, from which there have been numerous desertions, it is said that the dismissal, last winter, of a favorite officer gave great dissatisfaction. The deserters are supposed to be making their way home with the intention of joining some cavalry commands that are being organized in Alabama, as I am informed. Unless this practice be checked, our army will be seriously weakened. Steps should be at once instituted to punish all officers who receive deserters into their commands, and I recommend that the or-

