
[First indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE,

August 17, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War, to whom the former letter of General Beauregard was referred, inclosed in B. 1523, some time since.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

AUGUST 19, 1864.

Respectfully referred, at the request of General Beauregard, to General Bragg.

It is hoped the explanations of General Beauregard may be deemed satisfactory, as I apprehend a court of inquiry, under present circumstances, would be inconvenient and probably mischievous.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE CONFEDERATE STATES,August 22, 1864.

Respectfully returned to honorable Secretary of War.

The communication relating to the movement of Baker's regiment was one of many on the subject of delays attending the transfer of troops in different parts of the Confederacy last spring. I had been specially directed to inquire into these delays, and in making this report, after mentioning the case of Baker's regiment, I proceeded to call attention to the want of promptness generally in complying with orders for the movements of troops. The wording of this paragraph plainly shows its general application, but as it may, when isolated, be construed to reflect specially on General Beauregard, my senior in commission, with whom my relations, both personal and official, have ever been and I hope will continue of the kindest nature, I beg to withdraw the letter from the files of your office.

BRAXTON BRAGG,

General.

[Fourth indorsement.]

AUGUST 22, 1864.

I am gratified to find that there need not be any further controversy on this point between two such influential leaders of the army, and allow, with pleasure, the withdrawal generously sought.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

RICHMOND, August 15, 1864.

Major-General FIELD,

Chaffin's Bluff:

What is the condition of affairs in your front this morning? Full information is necessary for intelligent co-operation.

JEFF'N DAVIS.

