
CHAFFIN'S BLUFF, August 16, 1864-8.30 p. m.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR:

The enemy did not renew the attack after his repulse mentioned in my first despatch. His force on the Charles City road, after advancing to within two miles of White's Tavern, was driven back across White Oak Swamp. Our loss was small.

R. E. LEE
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 193. Richmond, August 16, 1864.

* * * * * * *

III. Captain F. T. Forbes, assistant commissary of subsistence, will report without delay to Lieutenant General R. S. Ewell, commanding, &amp;c., to relieve Major Charles Howard, commissary of subsistence, as chief commissary of the troops in the Department of Richmond. Captain Forbes will continue to superintend the subsistence of prisoners of war in this city.

* * * * * * *

XXXIII. Brigadier General G. W. E. Lee, commanding forces for local defense, will immediately report with his command to Lieutenant-General Ewell, commanding, &c.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNumbers WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY DEFENSES,August 16, 1864.

Major T. O. CHESTNEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: I inclose, for the consideration of the lieutenant-general commanding, a copy of a telegram dispatched to me on yesterday by Lieutenant Colonel J. M. Maury, at New Market Hill, informing me that the mortars and howitzers (if not already in possession of the enemy) placed by me at that point for the purpose of operating against the enemy's pontoon bridge at Deep Bottom, had been turned over by order of General Field to Colonel Carter. These guns were taken from the defenses of Richmond of the special service indicate, and Lieutenant-Colonel Maury had been placed in command of them be me. Besides these guns two light batteries and a section of a third, attached to the Richmond defenses, and temporarily sent by me to New Market, were by this order of General Field placed under the command of Colonel Charter. I visited New Market in person soon after the dispatch from Colonel Maury had been sent, and ascertained from Colonel Carter that the facts communicated to me by Colonel Maury were correct. I submit this to the consideration of the lieutenant-general commanding for the purpose of ascertaining to what extent it meets with his approbation.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. PEMBERTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.

