
it can do with ordinary armament, preparing breast-works, &amp;c. I write, therefore, to get you to send down to Colonel Walker as soon as practicable such number of men as you can spare from Penick's battery, to work those two heavy guns. I suppose you can, with your other companies and a portion of Penick's men, temporarily man his battery and use it effectually, if need be, where now posted. If so, let Captain Penick come with about thirty men, including, say, two non-commissioned officers besides, if any can be spared. Of course this is not peremptorily addressed, because I do not know the particulars of your situation; you can exercise a judicious discretion in the case. But, if you can safety admit the arrangement, retain Penick's guns and horses for the present, use them as best you can, and send the captain and men asked for to Colonel Walker and as soon as practicable.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

AUGUST 18, 1864.

Major General C. M. WILCOX,

Dumlop's:

The camp of army headquarters is being moved to the north side of James River. Communications for the commanding general should be addressed to Chaffin's Bluff until otherwise directed.

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Major General G. E. Pickett.)

NEAR PETERSBURG, VA., August 18, 1864-10.15 a. m.

General R. E. LEE

Chaffin's Bluff, Va.:

Following dispatch just received from General Dearing:

Enemy has driven in my pickets and reserve in front of Yellow House. I am just going up with another regiment. Colonel Taliaferro reports them in force with infantry and cavalry.

Can any cavalry re-enforcements be sent him? I have none here.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

NEAR PETERSBURG, August 18, 1864-12 m.

General R. E. LEE,

Chaffin's Bluff:

Artillery firing of this morning has developed nothing. General Dearing reported just now, "Enemy is advancing in force both upon railroad and Vaughan road." I have ordered two brigades of infantry to support General Dearing. They must return to-night to their positions.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.

