
PETERSBURG, August 18, 1864

Colonel GARNETT,

Commanding Hicksford:

Enemy reported on railroad at Yellow House-both infantry and cavalry. Be on the alert.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Colonel Armistead, Weldon.)

GENERAL HOSPITAL, HOWARD'S GROVE,

Richmond, Va., August 18, 1864.

Honorable JAMES M. BAKER,

Honorable A. E. MAXWELL,

C. S. Senators from Florida:

GENTLEMEN: As an officer of the C. S. Army it is my duty to do all in my power to increase the strength and efficiency of our armies by the exercise of my profession or by my advice on subjects appertaining to the medical hygiene and regulation of the health of the soldiers under mu care and others when necessary. I address this communication to you in order to call your attention to the condition of General Finegan's brigade from our State. This brigade is a very large one, and was highly efficient while in Florida, for the reason that the men were accustomed to the climate, which is highly favorable to soldiers who are acclimate. They enjoyed good health, and were capable of doing good service. Since the arrival of this brigade in Virginia, the latter part of May last, its strength has been reduced fully two-thirds by various causes, but principally from climatic influences. This being the hospital for the States of Florida, Alabama, Mississippi, Texas, and Arkansas, I will give some facts which go to show that these Floridians suffer more from sickness here than either of the other States, because there are more new troops from Florida than from either of the other States. Texas and Arkansas have but few troops here, and they are all veterans. Mississippi and Alabama have many more than Florida, mostly veterans also. The numbers received into the hospital from each of those States are as follows: Alabama, 2,298; Mississippi, 925; Florida, 817; Texas, 295; Arkansas, 74. Alabama has about fifty regiments; Mississippi, about forty; Florida, six; Texas, three, and Arkansas, two, so that the proportion from Florida is far greater than from either of the other States, and the deaths are still greater in proportion to the admissions. The admissions are about one-quarter, while the deaths are one-third, showing that the Floridians die more rapidly than from these other States.

The composition of this brigade will also prove that it cannot be efficient in this climate under the fatigues which they are necessarily compelled to go through. First, it is composed of men over conscript age; second, men within conscript age who have been discharged from other commands in Virginia and Tennessee because they were unable to stand the hard service; third, boys under eighteen, a large number of whom have taken measles and will be unfit for service here for some months, and if they are furloughed they have to come back and go through the same acclimation as if they had never been here; all these facts go to prove that this brigade cannot do service in Virginia. It Came here 2,500 rank and file, and now I am informed there are less

