HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., NINTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., August 11, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: I have the honor to report that during my tour of duty no movements were observed in the rebel line, but that they are reported to be strengthening their works opposite the Fourth Division. The traverses of the First Division front need improvement, which can be accomplished by the men in the trenches with little labor. The officer of the Second Division reports a new and strong work to the right of the blown-up fort and in the thick woods, and he also recommends drainage of the covered way near the railroad and deepening the approaches in a few points. No change was observed in the Third Division, and no recommendations are made. In the Fourth Division nothing unusual occurred. The policing of the Second and Third Divisions has been improved since my last tour of duty, but in rear of all the divisions the men are in the practice of using the unoccupied works as sinks, and in the Second Division, near one of the batteries, there is a sink which I have called attention to twice, and which is shamefully bad. All the ditches in rear of the works need to be widened.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GILBERT P. ROBINSON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Second Brigadier, First Div., Ninth Army Corps.

[Indorsement.]

Directions have been given to make the improvements recommended in the above report.

LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., August 11, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that there has been but slight firing on my front during the day. Brigade commanders report that the enemy is apparently repairing the fort blown up on the 30th ultimo. The men can be seen and heard at work. My lines are kept in good repair, and are strengthened wherever there appears need for additional defenses.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ROBERT B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. SECOND MOUNTED RIFLES, NEW YORK VOLS.,Near Petersburg, Va., August 11, 1864.

Brigadier-General POTTER,

Commanding Second Division, Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report as division officer of the day for the 10th instant that I find the trenches generally effective and

