
spared from roads not now so important to us should be accumulated on those upon which we depend for supplies, and the most judicious arrangements made to secure the greatest efficiency of the roads. I shall do all in my power to get supplies by the Weldon road, bringing them as far as Stony Creek by rail, and thence by wagons. One train has already been sent out for this purpose, and another is preparing to start. If we can get through the next month or six weeks the corn crop will begin to be available in Virginia, and afford us great relief. In the meantime no effort should be spared to work all the roads by which we are supplied to their utmost capacity. We should not only provide for our current wants, but try, if possible, to accumulate a reserve to provide against those occasional interruptions of our communications which the policy of the enemy justifies us in anticipating. Our supply of corn is exhausted to-day, and I am informed that the small reserve in Richmond is consumed. The failure to accumulate a large surplus was owing, as I am told, to the inadequacy of the supply brought from the south. If this was owing to bad management of the southern railroads the evil should be at once corrected. If the supply itself is short it would be well to have corn brought into Wilmington if practicable, until the new crop becomes available. The southern roads should be made to transport as much as the Danville road and its connection can bring to Richmond, besides the quantity that we will endeavor to haul from Stony Creek, and in this way a surplus can be accumulated. I am confident that by strenuous efforts and strict economy of all our means we will be able to thwart the plans of the enemy, and I trust you will give the matter that attention which its vital importance demands. The purchase and collection of all stores required by the army should be everywhere vigorously prosecuted. If we are unsuccessful in maintaining ourselves, I anticipate a good moral effect from the failure of this last effort of the enemy, when it shall become known that the only advantage secured by the sacrifices of time and men at Petersburg has not produced the results anticipated from it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,Numbers 199. August 22, 1864.

* * * * * * *

IX. Colonel John Dunovant, having been appointed to the temporary rank of brigadier-general, will report to Major General Wade Hampton, commander of cavalry, Army of Northern Virginia, for assignment to the command of Butler's brigade, Hampton's division.

* * * * * * *

By command of General R. E. Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY. THIRD CORPS,August 22, 1864.

General PENDLETON:

GENERAL: The enemy were attacked on railroad at 8 o'clock on yesterday. We failed to dislodge him from his position; our loss was

