
PETERSBURG, August 24, 1864-7 a. m.

Major Ben. C. W. FIELD:

Have one of your brigades prepared and ready to move here on a moment's notice if required and called for.

R. E. LEE,

General.

Major General C. W. FIELD,

Chaffin's Bluff:

When you arrive at Dunlop's, put your troops in motion for Campbell's Bridge, and ride or send and officer here for further instructions.

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF N. CAROLINA AND SOUTHERN VA., August 24, 1864.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General, Richmond, Va.:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of the indorsement of General Bragg, stating that in his communication relating to the movement of Colonel Baker, his remarks had no special application to myself, but were designed to have a general application to delays in the transfer of troops; and that as the wording of his remarks might be construed to have and application to myself, with whom his relations both personal and official had ever been, and as he hoped would continue, of the kindest character, and asked to withdraw his letter from the files of the War Office. To this application the honorable Secretary of War replied that he is gratified that there need be no further controversy on the point in issue between General Bragg and myself, and with pleasure has allowed the withdrawal of the letter generously sought by General Bragg. This prompt disclaimer of General Bragg of any imputation of official delinquency on my part has fully justified my expectations and has given me the highest satisfaction. Concurring as I don in the sentiments expressed by the honorable Secretary of War, that there need not be any further controversy, I beg leave to recall my application for a court of inquiry.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. T. BEAUREGARD,

General.

[Indorsement.]

ADJUTANT AND INSPECTOR GENERAL'S OFFICE, August 27, 1864.

Respectfully submitted to the Secretary of War.

H. L. CLAY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

76 R R-VOL XLII, PT II

