
country, of military age, who should be embraced by the conscription. I cannot help thinking there must be considerable exaggeration, except in so far as the law has sanctioned agricultural or professional exemption. Certainly there have been earnest and reiterated efforts to induce activity on the part of the enrolling officers, and it would seem many very strong, motives would induce not only their activity, but report to them of all such as are evading service. Those who have not to go would naturally wish to send forward defenders, and those who have would certainly wish to carry forward all others who are liable with them. There should be, therefore, little opportunity for evasion or concealment, and the officers of the Conscript Bureau report that such is really the case. Still, renewed efforts will be made to impress them with the necessity for greater effort than ever. The class of detailed agriculturists swill in a short time be a source from which some may be drawn. You will perceive, however, that I am endeavoring, through the commander of the reserve forces, to have organized, as thoroughly as possible, ion every portion of the State, all men capable of bearing arms for some kind of service. In the last necessity these may be called forth and made available for more general defense. At least, the strictly local organizations may give larger scope for movement and usefulness to the reserves proper.

Very respectfully, yours,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,No. 202. Richmond, August 26, 1864.

* * * * * * *

IX. The captain of Company C, Twelfth Georgia Battalion, will proceed with his company without delay to headquarters Army of Northern Virginia and report to General R. E. Lee, commanding, &amp;c., for assignment to duty with said battalion.

* * * * * * *

XXXIX. Major I. H. Carrington, provost-marshal of this city, is charged with executing the order for receiving and sending off deserters who may come in under the invitation of the War Department, as published in General Orders, No. 65, current series. In sending off such deserters by the line of the Potomac River the agency of the Signal Corps may be used, and the commanding officer of the corps is hereby instructed to furnish an officer, commissioned or non-commissioned, to accompany and direct them, and to render any other facilities in his power.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNumbers WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, August 26, 1864.

Major General WADE HAMPTON,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your note has been received. I am very much gratified with the success of yesterday's operations. The conduct of the cavalry

