
is worthy of all praise. I wished you to be near them, because I feared that, as Gregg was so much in the background in yesterday's operations he might be preparing for a raid on the Danville and South Side railroads. I wish you now to rest the two divisions as much as practicable, and to take such position as would enable you most speedily to intercept and punish any party which they might send out against our communication. It would be well to let Dearing's brigade do all the picketing if practicable, so as to give the rest of the cavalry a good period of repose for refreshing their horses.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,No. 203. Richmond, August 27, 1864.

* * * * * *

XXII. Lieutenant Colonel Archer Anderson, assistant adjutant-general, is relieved from present duty, and will proceed to make a thorough and detailed inspection o the different departments of the conscript service in the State of Virginia outside of the city of Richmond. He will receive special instructions from and report to General B. Bragg.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNumbers WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY DIVISION, THIRD CORPS, August 27, 1864.

Colonel R. L. WALKER,Chief of Artillery, Third Corps:

COLONEL: Out of the nine guns captured from the enemy on 25th instant Colonel Pegram desires to have one Napoleon; Colonel McIntosh wants two 3-inch rifles, and General Hampton one 3-inch rifle, leaving four Napoleons and one 3-inch rifle to be disposed of. These five guns are greatly needed by my old battalion, from the fact that we have five Richmond-made 10-pounder Parrotts that are not serviceable, and also that this battalion is short two guns in its complement to complete its batteries. Should those guns be given me I shall have three Richmond-made 10-pounder Parrotts turned in and their places supplied by the captured guns. You are aware that Captain Ross' battery of this battalion participated in their capture and needs a portion of the guns.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. S. CUTTS,

Colonel, Commanding.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY, THIRD CORPS, August 27, 1864.

COLONEL: This disposition described by Colonel Cutts within, meets my approval as I hope it will yours. Please let me know by courier what shall be done.

Yours, &amp;c.,R. L. WALKER,

Colonel, &c.

