
local troops of the State. I think, if an attack should be made, the enemy will be obliged to employ raw troops to a great extent, and I believe the local and reserve forces, with the present garrison,sufficient to hold the place, if they will come forward freely. I respectfully ask the co-operation of Your Excellency to induce them to do so, and the aid of influence and authority to provide means for the most obstinate defense. I have frequently been called upon to mention the services of North Carolina soldiers in this army, but their gallantry and conduct were never more deserving of admiration than in the engagement at Reams' Station, on the 25th instant. The brigades of Generals Cooke, MacRae, and Lane, the last under the command of General Conner, advance through a thick abatis of felled trees, under a heavy fire of musketry and artillery, and carried the enemy's works with a steady courage that elicited the warm commendation of their corps and division commanders and the admiration of the army.

On the same occasion the brigade of General Barringer bore a conspicuous part in the operations of the cavalry which were not less distinguished for boldness and efficiency than those of the infantry. If men who remain in North Carolina share the spirit of those they have sent to the field, as I doubt not they do, her defense may be securely intrusted to their hands.

I am, with great respect, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,No. 205. August 29, 1864.

* * * * * * *

VI. Brigadier General James H. Lane will resume command of Lane's brigade, of Wilcox's division, Third Corps, relieving Brigadier General James Conner, temporarily in command.

VII. Brigadier General James Conner is assigned to the command of Kershaw's old brigade, of Kershaw's division, First Corps, and will report accordingly.

* * * * * * *

By command of General R. E. Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Organization of the artillery in the Department of North Carolina and Southern Virginia, August 29, 1864, Colonel Hilary P. Jones, C. S. Artillery, commanding.

Read's Battalion.

Major JOHN P. W. READ.

Blount's (Virginia) battery.

Macon's (Virginia) battery.

Marshall's (Virginia) battery.

Sullivan's (Virginia) battery.

Coit's Battalion.

Major JAMES C. COIT.

Bradford's (Mississippi) battery.

Pegram's (Virginia) battery.

Wright's (Virginia) battery.

Moseley's Battalion.

Lieutenant Colonel EDGAR F. MOSELEY.

Cumming's (North Carolina) battery.

Miller's (North Carolina) battery.

Slaten's (Georgia) battery.

Young's (Virginia) battery.

Boggs' Battalion.

Major FRANCIS J. BOGGS.

Martin's (Virginia) battery.

Sturdivant's (Virginia) battery.

