HDQRS. ARTILLERY, ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, August 30, 1864.

Colonel H. P. JONES,Chief of Artillery, Dept. of N. C. and South. Va.:

COLONEL: Under General Orders, No. 52, of yesterday, I call your attention to the firing of the guns under Captain Cumming, opposite Battery Numbers 1 and at the Archer house. They were nearly out of ammunition yesterday when I visited them. The rounds on hand in the train I last night directed to be issued; there will still be but short allowance until more arrives; the firing must, therefore, be very deliberate. As the enemy only keeps a thin force on one line, and has protected himself against our enfilade, it is desirable occasionally to vary slightly our line of fire, so as the more probably to strike his troops. The Whitworth had perhaps best fire upon wagon trains, &amp;c., when they appear. Please give the requisite directions.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. L PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

P. S.-If there are any guns on other portions of your line likely to give the enemy special annoyance, let such also open at the signal according to the order above mentioned.

W. N. P.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF N. C. AND SOUTH. VA.,No. 80. August 30, 1864.

* * * * * * *

II. Colonel H. P. Jones, chief of artillery, will proceed without delay to Wilmington to inspect and organize the batteries of field artillery of the Third Military District into battalions on the same basis as they are organized in this army. On reaching Wilmington he will exhibit his orders to Major-General Whiting and confer with him on the subject.

* * * * * * *

By command of General Beauregard:

JNumbers M. OTEY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIGNAL CAMP, KING GEORGE COUNTY, August 31, 1864.

Captain W. N. BARKER,

In Charge of Signal Office, Richmond, Va.:

CAPTAIN: Mail duly sent on this morning. We are again blessed with two light boats, with two launches attached to each, and mounted with one brass piece on forward deck. They are stationed, one at Upper Cedar Point, one at Lower Cedar Point. No doubt the launches are intended for patrol purposes. Troops have been passing up on streamers Sunday, Monday, and also two regular war vessels Monday evening. Will write next mail more fully in regard to those light boats, and other news of any importance.

Yours, truly,

J. HENRY THOMAS.

