
Poague's Battalion.

Lieutenant Colonel WILLIAM T. POAGUE.

Madison Artillery, Captain Thomas J. Richards.

Albemarle Artillery, Captain James W. Wyatt.

Brooke Artillery, Captain Addison W. Utterback.

Charlotte Artillery, Captain Arthur B. Williams.
HEADQUARTERS ARTILLERY CORPS, September 1, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel W., H. TAYLOR,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army Northern Virginia:

COLONEL: In consequence of a statement made to me on the 30th ultimo, by Colonel Baldwin, that the companies working the heavy guns at the battery near Howlett's house on James River were reduced by sickness much below and efficient condition, I yesterday visited that battery in my ride on the lines. There are only four men present for duty in one company and thirty-six in the other, or forty altogether, out of an aggregate of 252. The largest gun requires properly to work it at least twenty men, the six others eight or ten a piece. If the commanding general deems it important to keep those guns served, one if not both of the other companies of Major Smith's battalion now at Drewry's Bluff, might be ordered to Howlett's, though I do not recommend it, because at present I do not perceive the need of using all these heavy guns. The surgeon in charge told me he thought he could very much control the disease of chills, &amp;c., if he could obtain a sufficiency of quinine. I would respectfully suggest that the chief surgeon of the army be instructed to have special examination made on that front as to what can be done. I found other artillery commands also suffering seriously.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, September 1, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Surgeon Guild.

Cannot quinine be issued to the surgeon at Battery Dantzler?

By order of General Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Second indorsement.]

MEDICAL DIRECTOR'S OFFICE, September 2, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

Attention invited to medical inspector's report, herewith inclosed.*

Please return the report.

L. GUILD,

Medical Director, Army of Northern Virginia.

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

