
[Third indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, September 3, 1864.

Respectfully returned to General Pendleton.

An additional detachment [from] Drewry's Bluff has been sent to Battery Dantzler.

By order of General Lee:

W. H. TAYLOR,Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Numbers 207. Richmond, September 1, 1864.

* * * * * *

XX. Captain A. W. Lawrence, of Confederate States ordnance, is assigned to duty with the reserves of North Carolina, and will report to Lieutenant General T. H. Holmes, commanding, &amp;c., Raleigh, N. C.

* * * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNumbers WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HEADQUARTERS DIVISION, Petersburg, Va., September 1, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. S. EWELL:

DEAR SIR: I would respectfully urge upon you the importance of placing and efficient officer in command of my old brigade of Tennessee troops. I understand that its discipline is seriously declining for want of a good commander; that there is but little system in its present management, and that the ordinary daily duties are not attended to, or performed in a careless and unmilitary style. There is not more reliable fighting material in the army than in that brigade, and if it can ever return to Tennessee its strength will no doubt be increased by between 2,000 and 3,000. I feel great interest in the brigade, and desire to see some one in command of it who entertains a like interest, and has the ability and will to maintain its discipline and high character, Lieutenant Colonel R. B. Snowden, of the Forty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Consolidated Tennessee Regiments, is, in my opinion, and officer who will fill all of these requirements. He received a military education, and before the present war always manifested a spirited interest in military affairs. He entered the First Regiment Tennessee Volunteers (Colonel Maney's) at the commencement of the war, and served one year as adjutant; then served with me through the campaign in Kentucky as assistant adjutant-general, and was with me in h battles of Perryville and Murfreesborough. He commanded the Twenty-fifth Tennessee Regiment at the battle of Chickamauga with marked ability. On every field he has displayed distinguished gallantry. His name will be found on the roll of honor, placed there for distinguished valor on the field. He is a gentleman of good habits and good morals,and is undoubtedly the most able officer now serving with that brigade. I therefore recommend that he receive the temporary rank of brigadier-general and be

