HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION, Petersburg, Va., September 2, 1864.

Colonel G. W. BRENT,Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: Should it meet the approval of the general commanding, I would respectfully urge that Colonel W. H. Wallace, of the Eighteenth South Carolina Regiment, may be (during the absence of Brigadier General S. Elliott) temporarily assigned to the command of Elliott's brigade, of this division, with the rank of brigadier-general. My reasons for soliciting the assignment for Colonel Wallace are as follows: First. That Brigadier-General Elliott's wound is not likely to permit him to return to duty pending the present season, during which we may anticipate important operations, and, indeed, the duties of this brigade in the trenches in front of the enemy demand that it should be rendered in all respects as efficient as possible. Second. Because Colonel Wallace is the officer best qualified in the brigade for the position proposed. Third. Because I believe that the efficiency of the brigade will be improved by this assignment, and that it is necessary that such assignment shall be made.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. JOHNSON,

Major-General.

NEAR PETERSBURG, VA., September 2, 1864-8 p. m.

Major General W. H. C. WHITING,

Commanding Military District, Wilmington, N. C.:

Every exertion will be made to re-enforce you in time for all points. Governor Vance has already been called upon to imitate Governor Brown, of Georgia. Federal soldiers appear much discouraged. They fight badly. I will visit Wilmington soon.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA, September 3, 1864.

General BRAXTON BRAGG,Commanding C. S. Armies, Richmond:

GENERAL: Brigadier-General Perry, of Florida, who was wounded during the summer, has returned, but is not able to go on duty with his brigade, which is in the trenches, his wound still rendering him unfit to serve on foot. His brigade originally consisted of but three regiments, and is very much reduced. After the arrival of General Finegan with the re-enforcements from Florida last summer, Perry's small brigade was temporarily united with the new troops, and has been serving with them as one brigade, under General Finegan, until the present time. The whole makes but a small brigade, and I think the interests of the service require that what remains of Perry's original brigade should remain as it now is with the other Florida troops. If there is any duty in Florida to which General Perry scan be assigned suitable to his present condition, or any command there which he could take when his wound is healed, I would recommend that he be assigned to it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

