
that you would scrutinize closely the composition of the forces holding the forts, and the character and qualities, as evinced by past services, of the officers in command, and make sure that you have in both material thoroughly reliable.

I will mention, in confidence, that one officer, Colonel E. W. Jones, who formerly belonged to the Army of Tennessee, and who once commanded at Fort Carroll, and who is stated to be now holding an important command in one of your forts, has been mentioned to me by high official authority as not thoroughly reliable for courage and constancy. This was the only specification, but, in general terms, it was said that there were others whom it would be judicious to change.

To another subject I wish to invoke your attention. You are aware of the great importance of continued trade from the port, and of the interruptions to which it is now being subjected by the quarantine regulations. Would it not be possible to induce relaxation or modification by the State officers of the stringent regulations as to time and lading? The season is now so advanced that there is scarcely a possibility of the introduction of yellow fever into the city, and when no disease appears on the arrival of the ship, surely, by due fumigation and proper precautionary measures, adequate security could be afforded to allow ships to come up, unload, and be dispatched without the vexatious delays at present imposed. I wish you would urge these considerations strongly on the State Commissioners, and use your utmost influence to remove the impediments which at this critical time are operating seriously to the disadvantage of the Government.

Respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

NEAR PETERSBURG, VA., September 7, 1864-10 p. m.

Major-General WHITING,

Commanding General, Wilmington, N. C.:

I leave in morning with Colonel Waddy, Captain Chisolm, and Doctor Choppin, who intend to stop with their friends. I accept with pleasure your invitation.

G. T. BEAUREGARD.
HEADQUARTERS POST OF RICHMOND, September 8, 1864.

General S. COOPER,Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose a report* of the inspection of the First Battalion Virginia Reserves, commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel Duke, and also a list* of the various detached guards at posts about the city. Colonel Duke's battalion is stationed on Belle Isle guarding Federal prisoners. It has been occasionally necessary to apply through General Kemper to Colonel Moore, commanding Rendezvous of Reserves, Richmond, for additional men; as Colonel Duke's command was not strong enough to furnish the requisite number and give proper relief to the sentinels, upon application, General Ewell has strength-

---------------

*Not found.

---------------

