
General William Lee's division. This detachment will be furnished by me with the necessary tools, they will be armed with pistols only, and will serve during the contemplated movement of the cavalry as a mounted engineer troop, under my direction. I would designate Lieutenant Johnson, Company A, Fourth South Carolina Regiment, and Lieutenant Banskett, Sixth South Carolina Regiment, as suitable officers to take charge of the detail from General Butler's division. This detail will be furnished with tools as soon as it reports to me at these headquarters. The detail from General William Lee's division will report at General William Lee's headquarters to Lieutenant F. Robertson, engineer officer, to whom I will forward instructions to furnish tools, &amp;c.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant.

JNumbers F. LANNEAU,

Lieutenant and Engineer Officer, Hampton's Corps.

N. B.-It is desirable that the details should be made up as far as practicable of men accustomed to the use of the ax.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,No. 219. Richmond, September 15, 1864.

I. The several assistant quartermasters now on duty with regiments or battalions of infantry belonging to the First, Second, and Third Corps, of the Army of Northern Virginia, are relieved from duty with their respective commands, as contemplated in the second section of the Act of Congress approved June 14, 1864 (Numbers 14, General Orders, Numbers 53, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, current series), and the following-named officers now serving with said army are re-assigned to duty as hereinafter indicated:

Army headquarters: Lieutenant Colonel J. L. Corley, chief quartermaster, Army of Northern Virginia; Major John A. Harman, forage quartermaster, Army of Northern Virginia; Captain A. M. Garber, assistant quartermaster, assistant to forage quartermaster, Army of North Virginia; Capts. John. M. Allen, John Glaize, R. S. Bell, assistants to forage quartermaster, Army of Northern Virginia; Captain W. M. Cary, assistant to issuing quartermaster, Army of Northern Virginia; Captain G. W. Shell, in charge of army supply train; Captain W. C. Marrow, paymaster; Cat. S. M. Somers, in charge of army ordnance train; Captain J. T. Bernard, in charge of army ambulance train; Capts. George S. Thompson, W. F. Thomas, depot quartermasters.

Cavalry headquarters: Major N. R. Fitzhugh, quartermaster; Captain J. M. Hanger, in charge of property.

First Corps headquarters: Major E. Taylor, corps quartermaster; Captain F. Potts, corps paymaster; Capts. J. C. Maben, James P. Phillips, assistant to corps quartermaster; Captain W. T. Meade, in charge of ordnance train; Captain R. B. Moon, Fifty-third Virginia Regiment, medical and ambulance train.

Pickett's division headquarters: Captain A. W. Williams, assistant quartermaster, paymaster; Captain J. H. Holt, assistant to division quartermaster; Captain David Meade, division commissary train; Captain T. P. Wallace, Thirteenth Virginia Regiment, division ordnance train.

Field's division headquarters: Major H. C. Deshields, division quartermaster; Captain J. W. McLure, Palmetto Sharpshooters, property quar-

