
west from here, going toward Richmond. The column occupied forty minutes in passing, independent of the wagons, and carried at least two battle-flags which were visible. The enemy's signal officers report considerable activity among our shipping off Point of Rocks and a regiment of cavalry crossing pontoon bridge to this side.

C. L. DAVIS,

Captain and Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,August 12, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

The following just received from General Crawford is sent for your information. The man is on his way to your headquarters:
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,August 12, 1864.

GENERAL: Two men belonging to the artillery of the Second Corps deserted to the enemy last evening. A deserter named Frederick Schaunel, Company C, Eighth Alabama, Sanders' brigade, of Mahone's division, came into my lines this evening. He left Richmond on Sunday last, having been in the hospital there. He confirms the report I sent on the 8th in regard to Kershaw's division, of Longstreet's corps, having gone to the Valley. He saw Kershaw's old brigade of the division pass through Richmond on Sunday. He says also that more of that corps has gone north. He states also that Major Duncan, of Mahone's staff, said to the division surgeon (Wood) in his presence that Lee had certainly gone north. A man who had returned to the regiment yesterday says that an artillery train passed through Richmond on Tuesday going to Early, and that as he came down to Petersburg he saw wagon trains of cavalry going northward. This man repeats the story of a mine being constructed toward the fort on Griffin's front. He says that twenty men from each regiment are on daily detail to work at this mine and that the men from his regiment told him where they were at work.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 12, 1864 - 5.45 p. m.

Respectfully forwarded for Lieutenant General Grant's information.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., August 12, 1864 - 2 p. m.

(Received 10.40 p. m.)

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL U. S. ARMY:

Think I have shipped means of transportation as follows: 239 teams of the Sixth Corps and 428 of the Cavalry Corps, making 667 wagons and teams completed. They are ordered to be reported to General D. H. Rucker. Please advise him that no more will se sent at present, and that those forwarded should retain their present organizations and should join the commands to which they appertain. When necessary

