
McGowan's brigade: Major H. Hammond, brigade quartermaster; Captain R. L. McCaughrin, Fourteenth South Carolina, assistant to brigade quartermaster; Captain R. E. B. Hewetson, First South Carolina, assistant to brigade quartermaster.

Kirkland's brigade: Major G. P. Collins, brigade quartermaster; Captain J. J. Young, Twenty-sixth North Carolina Regiment, assistant to brigade quartermaster; Captain John Gatlin, Fifty-second North Carolina Regiment, assistant to brigade quartermaster.

Cooke's brigade: Major E. M. Braxton, brigade quartermaster; Captain C. H. Thomas, assistant to brigade quartermaster; Captain J. W. White, Twenty-seventh North Carolina Regiment, assistant to brigade quartermaster.

Davis' brigade: Major J. S. Reid, brigade quartermaster; Captain L. P. Cooper, Forty-second Mississippi Regiment, assistant to brigade quartermaster; Captain S. Owens, Eleventh Mississippi Regiment, assistant to brigade quartermaster.

Archer's brigade: Captain A. J. Allensworth, Fourteenth Tennessee, assistant to brigade quartermaster; Captain W. O. Haggerty, Thirteenth Tennessee, assistant to brigade quartermaster.

Walker's brigade: Major J. D. Keiley, jr., brigade quartermaster; Major J. L. Powers, Twenty-second Virginia Regiment.

* * * * * *

XVIII. Authority is hereby granted Major W. S. Basinger, commanding, &amp;c., at Mattoax, to impress 100 slaves from the county of Amelia, Va., for labor on the works now in course of construction at Flat Creek and Mattoax Stations. In making the impressments a care should be had that those who have heretofore furnished slaves should, as a general rule, be passed over, in order that the burden may fall on all alike.

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNumbers WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

PETERSBURG, September 15, 1864.

General J. A. WALKER,

Burkeville:

The enemy seems to be moving. Instruct your commanders at bridges to be on the alert.

GEORGE WM. BRENT,

Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

PETERSBURG, September 15, 1864.

(Received at Stony Creek.)

Captain A. B. WOODRUFF,

Commanding:

Be on the alert and prepared. Enemy is moving in some direction.

HENRY A. WISE,

Brigadier-General.

