
of his views and have them accomplished where not in conflict with instructions from the commanding general, and in case of such conflict appearing to you, you will immediately report the fact to these headquarters, so that the decision of the commanding general may be obtained.

Second. Serious abuses seem to be creeping into the artillery service on that line in consequence of the mode and extent or relieving the officers and men of the several batteries: First, officers coming into certain positions do not sufficiently familiarize themselves with the field of fire of the guns coming under their charge; second, there is not sufficient watchfulness at every gun to observe whatever occasion may arise for firing it and have it promptly fired when it can be done with damage to the enemy and advantage to ourselves; third, there are not men enough retained at some of the guns-at least six men ought to be at hand for each gun, in case of action or casualty; fourth, no proper [care] seems to be taken to repair injuries to gun carriages and implements nor to readjust the works when impaired by the enemy's fire. I observed a gun carriage of one of Read's batteries, now served by Young's company, one wheel of which was really disabled by a shot of the enemy carrying off part of the tire, and it stands there from day to day and week to week without any one appearing to feel responsible for neglect. You will please to give particular attention to assiduous in correcting all evils of the kind and rendering their arm thoroughly efficient for whatever service it may be called to render there any day or hour.

Third. While artillery duels are not to be engaged in, our guns and mortars must be always used with vigor when working parties of the enemy can be damaged or his lines or troops be seriously annoyed; and in cases where he concentrates a severe fire on one point our guns at other points should operate to interrupt his fire and divert it.

Fourth. Artillerymen ought in justice bear a fair proportion of the labor of preparing and renovating the works for their own protection. It is complained that they depend too much for this upon details from infantry. Officers and men will at once perceive what is proper in this, and will, I doubt not, cheerfully perform their part.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. N. PENDLETON,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

P. S.-I wish you to see General Johnson this evening, especially as to the advisability or not of firing on parties cutting down a forest in front of General Gracie. As I have not time to have this copied first, please return it front that purpose.
HEADQUARTERS JOHNSON'S DIVISION,Petersburg, Va., September 20, 1864.

Major GEORGE C. BROWN,

Asst. Adjt. General, Lieutenant General Ewell's Staff, Richmond, Va.:

MAJOR: Inclosed I forward to you a remonstrance from the officers of Johnson's old brigade against consolidation with any other command. The original application of Brigadier-General Archer for the consolidation of Johnson's brigade with his own, which called forth this remonstrance, was sent to Colonel Hughs, about two weeks ago, for his remarks, with instructions to return the paper to these head-

