
HIGH BRIDGE, MATTOAX, AND STAUNTON RIVER BRIDGE.

Brigadier General JAMES A. WALKER.

Virginia Reserves.

18th Georgia Battalion, Major William S. Basinger.

Virginia Reserves, Lieutenant Colonel Benjamin L. Farinholt.

DANVILLE.

Virginia Reserves.

PETERSBURG.

Major W. H. KER.

44th Virginia Battalion, Captain Thomas W. Branch.

Operatives, Major William H. Hood.

Second-Class Militia, Captain Owen H. Hobson.

Virginia Reserves, Major William H. Jarvis.

Independent Signal Corps, Major James F. Milligan.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 224. Richmond, September 21, 1864.

* * * * * *

XXXI. Major S. B. French, commissary of subsistence, Provisional army, C. S., will proceed without delay to Wilmington and such other points in North Carolina as he may deem advisable for the purpose of regulating the distribution of subsistence stores, under orders of the Commissary-General. Officers of the quartermaster's department will promptly provide the necessary transportation to the points indicated by Major French for all stores requiring removal.

* * * * *

XXXIII. Colonel S. D. Lowe, of the Invalid Corps, is assigned to duty as commandant of the post at Asheville, N. C., and will report accordingly.

* * * * *

XLII. The general commanding the Army of Northern Virginia represents to this department that there is and urgent necessity for the services of 5,000 slaves with his army for the term of thirty days after their report for duty, and that the services of these are not attainable by contract nor by the employment or impressment of free negroes. The Bureau of Conscription, through its officers, will proceed to impress the slaves required according to the schedule hereto annexed, as furnished by the general commanding. Slaves under eighteen and over fifty years of age will not be impressed, nor slaves engaged in the family and domestic service as house servants, nor more than one slave out of five on any one farm or plantation, and when there are but three slaves of the age specified on al farm none shall be taken. The Quartermaster General will make the requisite provision for transportation, and the Commissary-General will provide subsistence for them, or when the masters supply food to their slaves will commute at the rates allowed to soldiers in the service. The officers placed in charge of the slaves will cause proper rolls to be made and direct the appraisement of the slaves, so as to secure to the master, in case of loss, the benefit of the act of Congress of the 17th of February, 1864, relative to compensation.

