
Valley; that he asked what brigade it was, and where they were going; that troops were marching through Richmond all night last Saturday night, and took the cars at the Central depot; understood that all of Kershaw's division was going to the Valley, and had passed through Richmond Saturday night and Sunday morning last; informant knows nothing of Field's division; thinks Kershaw's division is all that has gone; reports no change in the enemy's position on the south side of the Appomattox; it is generally understood that the enemy is mining in the direction of Fort Griffin; shafts are being sunk in Finegan's brigade; General Ewell is in command of the defenses of Richmond; there are no troops in the fortifications or about the city other than the home guards and city battalions; saw Richmond papers of to-day - they had no further news from Atlanta of Mobile.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. BABCOCK,

CITY POINT, August 12, 1864.

J. C. BABCOCK:

We have five refugees forwarded through our depot who left Richmond last night at 8 o'clock. During the night of Saturday and Sunday troops were marched through Richmond to the Central depot. Great care was taken to conceal the movement, and they were reported at one time as two division, and at another as two brigades. The cavalry was well known to be Fitzhugh Lee's. The artillery went through Sunday night and was counted at twenty pieces. Dispatch from Captain Leet says that our men report these troops to have passed through Gordonsville. Dispatch from Lieutenant Davenport during the night showing reason to believe that McLaws and Field have left.

SHARPE,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 12, 1864 - 6.45 p. m.

Colonel SHARPE,

City Point:

Deserter from Eighth Alabama left Richmond hospital on Sunday morning last. Saw Kershaw's old brigade passing through the city to take the cars at Virginia Central Railroad depot. Troops passed through Richmond all night on Saturday last, and it was well understood that all of Kershaw's division took the Virginia Central Railroad between dark on Saturday and daylight on Sunday morning last. He knows nothing at all of Field's division.

J. C. B[ABCOCK].
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,OFFICE BUREAU OF INFORMATION,

In the Field, August 12, 1864 - 11.15 a. m.

Colonel SHARPE,

Deputy Provost-Marshal-General, City Point:

Three deserters from Pickett's division received this a. m. They report all the cavalry in their rear to have left on Saturday night and gone to the Valley. Kershaw's division has also left their rear and

