
promptly issued, and as little delay as possible be allowed in their execution. I hope these views may have the concurrence of your judgment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS,September 22, 1864.

General WADE HAMPTON,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: General William Lee's note of to-day forwarded by you is received. I presume Gregg is about making an expedition or to recruit his cavalry. It is possible he may go north of James River. Early has met with a reverse in the Valley and fallen back to Fisher's Hill (two miles above Strasburg). Sheridan confronts him and is fortifying. Wilson's division is moving up the Luray Valley, and is opposed by Lee's division under Wickham. Fitz Lee is wounded. I fear Wickham is too weak. It may be their plan for Gregg to join Wilson this side of the mountains. Keep your scouts on the alert and be prepared to move in any direction.

Very truly,

R. E. LEE,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 226. Richmond, Va., September 23, 1864.

* * * * * * *

XXIV. The Third Battalion Local Defense Troops having been increased to ten companies will from this day be known as the Third Regiment Local Defense Troops.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

JNumbers WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

INSPECTOR-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,

September 23, 1864.

General S. COOPER,

Adjutant and Inspector General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit the inclosed inspection reports for the month of August, and in doing so would respectfully submit a statement of facts explaining the delay as well as the incompleteness of the reports:

After the commencement of active operations, Colonel Murray, then chief inspector of the army, wrote to the Department in Richmond that it was impracticable to make inspections as prescribed by General Orders, Numbers 42, Adjutant and Inspector General's Office, during the constant movements of a campaign, and that he would discontinue them unless otherwise directed. No answer being made to

