
mand, but was himself wounded at

------

. The day I inspected it, it was commanded by Colonel Mayo. It presented, as it had done at preceding inspections, but few evidences of discipline. In the Fourteenth and Seventh Tennessee guns and accouterments [in] fair condition. Thirteenth Alabama, Colonel Aiken, was in discreditable order; guns very rusty. Lieutenant G. W. Callaway, Companies A and G, showed great neglect in the general appearance of this command. Lieutenant Lipscomb was specially neglectful of police. In the Virginia regiments the guns for the most part were in serviceable order. Fortieth Virginia, Captain H. E. Coles, specially bad police. This brigade is now commanded by Brigadier-General Archer, who will doubtless improve the discipline and general condition of this command. The Tennesseeans have never been entirely satisfied since the consolidation. General Archer is almost idolized by them, and will, no doubt, harmonize the antagonisms that may have heretofore existed. Improvement is already apparent in this command since the date of my inspection, 13th of August (now 23rd of September).

MacRae's brigade, formerly commanded by General Kirkland, consisting of Forty-seventh North Carolina, Major W. C. Lankford; Forty-fourth, Major C. M. Stedman; Twenty-sixth, Colonel John R. Lane; Eleventh, in discipline, arms, accouterments, and clothing; police was fair. General MacRae had recently been assigned to its command from General Cook's brigade, and was devoting himself with great energy to the comfort and efficiency of his command and the improvement and strengthening of his line. General MacRae is a strict disciplinarian, but has secured in an eminent degree the confidence of this men, as was shown in his successful charge at Reams's Station on 25th of August. Attention is called to the report of brigade inspector for strength of this brigade, the number of officers absent, and by what authority, &amp;c. I have considered it unnecessary to attach a duplicate copy of these statistical facts to this report, as the brigade inspector accompanied me and noted these facts at my instance in his report which accompanies this.

Heth's division hospital, Doctor Hubbard in charge, was inspected by me about the 5th of September, in company with Doctor Breckinridge, medical inspector of the army, Doctor Powell, medical director of the corps, and Major Wingate, assistant inspector-general. We found the hospital well located in a very beautiful grove near Petersburg, with the ground sloping favorably for policing. With the exception of being too much crowded, the situation was a good one. The police was very bad. In face, no attention seemed to be paid to cleaning up the grounds immediately in and about the hospital, nor was proper attention bestowed upon the sinks. The ground between the hospital and the sinks had been used for uncleanly purposes by the patients, making it offensive to the sight as well as the smell. In this important feature of cleanliness there was evident and inexcusable neglect in the management of this hospital. I found the sickness of this division was on the decrease and the diseases reported of a mild form. There was and had been a sufficient supply of medicines, except in Davis' brigade. Strength of division, 5,535; total number sick in hospital, 376; disabled, 32. The attention of Surgeon Guild, medical director, and General Heth, and General Lee, was called to the want of proper police in this hospital.

Transportation of this division I did not inspect, being disappointed two or three times by the weather and since by the presence of office

