
and other duties. The general appearance of the animals, as seen on the roads, at the depot, &amp;c., is good. Their general condition on inspections heretofore has compared well with the best in the army. My daily observation in riding through the army confirms the report of Major R. H. Carter, chief inspector transportation, that the general condition of transportation of the army is good; considering all the circumstances of the campaign, very good.

RECAPITULATION.

Two brigades of Heth's division, Cooke's and MacRae's, it will be seen are in specially good order and commanded by two most excellent officers, who are strict disciplinarians, but who have great influence over their men in camp and on the field. Their spirits are specially good since the brilliant victory which they, under General Heth, achieved at Reams' on 25th of August. Archer's brigade, which heretofore has suffered form relaxation of discipline form causes referred to, will soon present a marked improvement under the commander of their choice. Davis' brigade, which has been less distinguished for discipline than any portion of the division, is giving evidence of improvement, as will be seen by second inspection report, made on the 5th of September, and to which attention is called in appendix to this report. This division has done hard and distinguished service during the campaign, and has sustained very heavy losses. General Heth is active and energetic in the discharge of his duties, and is devoting himself with zeal to the improved efficiency of his command.

Mahone' s and Wilcox's divisions have not been inspected by me, except with the view of observing their general police, which I have found to be fair. Attention is respectfully called to the inspectors' reports of brigades in these divisions and my indorsements thereon.

Beauregard's command was inspected by me in company with one of his inspectors, Major Bryan. Colonel Roman, chief inspector, received a circular form the Adjutant and Inspector-General's Office, containing instructions, which he thought required him to send his reports direct to Richmond. He has not, therefore, transmitted them through me, although he has, since the army reached Petersburg, been reporting to and receiving orders from this office. Under this construction I do not consider it incumbent upon me to make an official report of my inspection of Hoke's and Johnson's division.

Artillery: Attention respectfully called to reports [of] Captain Dandridge, adjutant and inspector general, as to the wants, condition, &c., of artillery Third and First Corps. Captain D. reports large deficiencies in horses. Please see indorsement of Colonel Corley, quartermaster army, on the subject. It will be seen that Huger's and Haskell's battalions, situated between James and Appomattox, have suffered very much from sickness, principally ague and fever; clothing and equipments represented good. The artillery horses have been grazed and fed some miles in rear of the army. The horses of only one battery to each battalion are kept with the guns. There has been scarcity of grass, and rations have been reduced. In addition, the flies have been unprecedentedly annoying, rendering it impossible for horses to fatten. Owing to these reasons, as well as in some cases positive neglect, the artillery horses of the army are generally thin. No reports have been forwarded from artillery of Early's command.

Cavalry: No reports have come in from the cavalry, notwithstanding the circular of 3rd of August, issued from this office, requiring them

