
as the responsibilities of their position. It furnishes an excuse for the neglect of the duties for the faithful discharge of which they were commissioned, and offers every assurance of protection against its penalties. The tendency of such a policy is to impair the efficiency of the department and the usefulness of its officers. I would suggest that aides-de-camp be required to act in place of adjutants-general when the latter are absent from wounds or other causes. This could be done without injury to the service or interference with the officers of another department.

All of which is respectfully submitted.

H. E. PEYTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

APPENDIX.

Second Inspection Davis' Brigade.

On the 5th of September I made a special inspection of Davis' brigade. There was a marked improvements in all respects since my inspection three weeks previous. General Heth had ordered frequent inspections in the meantime and their beneficial effects were manifest in the generally improved condition of the command. The guns, accouterments, and trenches were equal to any on the line. The Twenty-sixth Mississippi Regiment, which was not only the worst in the brigade, but whose guns and accouterments were in discreditable condition before, now excelled any regiment in the brigade. There was nothing indeed in the appearance and condition of the brigade about which I could find fault. Having had to complain of so many things at my first inspection of the brigade, it gives me pleasure to be able to make a favorable report at this time, and to note the decided improvements that have taken place.

H. E. PEYTON,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Assistant Adjutant and Inspector General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF RICHMOND,

Numbers 43. Richmond, September 23, 1864.

By direction of General Braxton Bragg the hospitals and all officials thereto attached within the limits of the post of Richmond, and in its vicinity, are hereby transferred to the command of Brigadier General W. M. Gardner, commanding post, &amp;c.

By order of Lieutenant General R. S. Ewell:

L. R. PAGE,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,September 23, 1864.

General BRAGG,

Commanding:

GENERAL: Will you allow me to call your attention to the subject of a conversation with you when I had the pleasure of seeing you in Richmond last in reference to some of my officers? I have recommended Brigadier-General Butler for promotion, and as General Lee tells me that he has concurred in this recommendation, I hope that action will be taken in this case as speedily as possible. The interests of the service require that this matter should be settled at once, and General Butler's conduct in command of his division on several recent

