
occasions proves him to be eminently qualified to command it. I should still urge his promotion even at the risk of losing the services of the other two brigadier-generals of the division, highly as I appreciate their services and anxious as I am to see these services rewarded also by promotion. I hope that in the reorganization of the cavalry both Rosser and Young may be able to obtain larger commands than they now hold. The other matter in which you were kind enough to promise your assistance was in connection with my former assistant adjutant-general, Major T. G. Barker, who has been with me since the war began and from whom i am very unwilling to part. I have asked for his promotion to a lieutenant-colonelcy, and as my staff officers have all the labors and duties pertaining to a corps it is not unreasonable to ask for them the rank belonging to staff officers of a corps. If Major Barker can be promoted and transferred to the line I shall cheerfully give him up, but if no position in the line can be found for him I trust would not have a larger staff than is allowed to corps commanders. Hoping that you may find it in your power to promote my wishes in these matters.

I am, very respectfully, yours,

WADE HAMPTON.

WAR DEPARTMENTS, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., September 23, 1864.

General G. T. BEAUREGARD,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have had lately representations from several sources, and among them a letter form the Governor of North Carolina, that many outrages are being committed in the district beyond the Chowan River by detached parties of soldiers, said mainly to be of the Fifteenth Virginia Cavalry, who are roaming about, levying contributions and committing depredations upon the people. They are in all probability bands of deserters or stragglers, who are enabled to practice these outrages with impunity by holding out the character of authorized bodies of Confederate soldiers. I am told the district might be visited without much danger by some regular cavalry or other force from your command, and by their instrumentality these disorderly and plundering bands be broken up and the deserters returned to their commands. You can best judge of the feasibility of such course, and I only write to invite your attention specially to it, and to suggest that such relief may be afforded as in your judgment may be done with safety and consistency to more important interests.

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

[First indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 24, 1864.

Respectfully referred to Brigadier-General Baker for his information and action.

General Baker will take such steps as he may deem expedient for the correction of the evils complained of and will report the result to these headquarters.

By command of General Beauregard:

J M. OTEY,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

