HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,September 26, 1864.

Honorable SECRETARY OF WAR,

Richmond:

SIR: I have the honor to call your attention to the remarks of Major-General Pickett, contained in the inclosed letter, with reference to the co-operation of the navy with the land forces on James River. I respectfully recommend that the Navy Department be requested to give such directions to the officers commanding the fleet as will enable them, by agreement with General Pickett, to arrange for immediate and full co-operation between them should it become necessary. The navy can readily prevent the enemy from crossing the river at the point indicated by General Pickett if an understanding be come to by which they shall move promptly to the spot upon being notified of the existence of danger.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.

[First indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 28, 1864.

Respectfully referred to the honorable Secretary of the Navy, inviting his attention to General Lee's letter and inclosure, and requesting that orders may be given to secure full concert and co-operation with General Pickett.

J. A. SEDDON,

Secretary.

[Second indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 28, 1864.

Referred to Flag-Officer John K. Mitchell for attention.

S. R. MALLORY,

Secretary.

[Third indorsement.]

FLAG-SHIP VIRGINIA,

Boulware's Landing, September 30, 1864.

Received yesterday and respectfully returned to the Secretary of the Navy with the letter accompanying it from General Pickett.

The iron-clads and several of the gun-boats have been in position at Bishop's since the 15th instant until yesterday (except for a few brief hours to avoid the notice of the exchanged prisoners when coming down the river) in pursuance of the orders of the Department for the very purpose proposed in General Pickett's letter, viz, to move down to oppose any movement of the enemy through Dutch Gap and to act against him anywhere and at any time when it can be done with effect. The squadron was yesterday and is now stationed from this point up to the pontoon bridge above Chaffin's Bluff to operate on the enemy; its fire yesterday on the enemy at and near Fort Harrison is represented to me by General Anderson as being "very effective." Last night dispositions were made with an iron-clad and a gun-boat below Bishop's to protect General Pickett's left. I have offered repeatedly to the commanding generals on both sides of the James River to co-operate with

