
serious consequences must result. We shall have no use for the men detailed in other branches of the service, for agriculture, &amp;c., if we are driven from the field. To show the steady increase to General Grant's army, I inclose reports from scouts between the 13th and 23rd instant. I do not think the transports carry on an average as large a number of troops as the observers state-between 250 and 300 in my opinion is nearer the truth. According to this diminished estimate you will perceive that within the times specified about 10,000 men over those he has sent away have been added to General Grant here. If I had could increase each division many hundred men. Unless they are sent to me rapidly it may be too late. General Whiting is also in need of negroes. Will you have orders given in his case also?

I am, most respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. E. LEE,

General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, ADJT. AND INSP. GENERAL'S OFFICE,Numbers 228. Richmond, September 26, 1864.

* * * * * *

IV. The workmen at arsenals and ordnance depots under charge of the Ordnance Bureau will not be called from their work for military purposes without the consent of the commanding officer of such arsenal or depot, except on orders from the War Department or from the general commanding the department in which the arsenal or depot is situated. When so called out the commanding officer of the arsenal or depot may retain at their work a number not to exceed one-third of this whole force of mechanics or skilled workmen, on certificate that they are necessary to execution of work and hand. In all cases it is enjoined on commanding generals to return workmen so withdrawn at the earliest moment, the continued operation of these establishments being of great importance at all times.

* * * * * *

XXVIII. Colonel B. S. Ewell, assistant adjutant-general, is assigned to duty in the Department of Richmond, and will report for orders to Lieutenant General R. S. Ewell, commanding, &c.

XXIX. First Lieutenant W. R. Beale, Provisional Army, C. S., will report to Brigadier General John Echols, commanding, &c., for assignment to duty.

* * * * * *

By command of the Secretary of War:

J WITHERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Wilmington, September 26, 1864.

His Excellency Governor VANCE,

Raleigh, N. C.:

GOVERNOR: My great solicitude for the preservation of this place induces me to call your attention to a matter which I deem of much importance in its defense. The Confederate steamers Tallahassee and Chickamauga are now nearly ready for sea, and will leave this port for the purpose of operating against the enemy's commerce. Should they leave on this service, the few vessels they might destroy would be of little advantage to our cause, while it would excite the enemy to

