
professes a desire to render all the assistance that it may be in the power of the Navy to give. He will give such instructions as are deemed necessary for concert and cordial co-operation. He wishes General Pickett advised to make known freely to the commander of the fleet what places he wishes taken to promote his operations, and does not think there will be the least hesitancy on the part of the naval commander in meeting his view.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, C. S. A.,

Richmond, Va., September 28, 1864

General R. E. LEE,

Commanding Army of Northern Virginia:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge your letter of the 26th instant relative to the abuse by the enemy of the opportunities afforded by the flag-of-truce boat. On conference with Mr. Ould, the agent of exchange, I am informed it would be very inconvenient to change the place of meeting, and, if arranged at a lower point on the river, it will be almost impracticable to transport the prisoners to the place of exchange and bring up our own. He is, however, perfectly confident that neither the presence of the boat at the point now used, nor its passage to and fro, need interrupt at all the firing form any of our batteries. He says the boat is entirely out of range when at the place, and in passing incurs not he least risk unless designedly aimed at. He vouches this on his own observation and experience, and as he is always upon the boat he must feel very secure of his accuracy and his exemption from danger which he and those with him enjoy. I think, therefore, your officers may be instructed to fire without interruption or hesitancy on account of the passage of the boat.

Very respectfully,

JAMES A. SEDDON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF NORTHERN VIRGINIA,September 28, 1864.

Lieutenant General R. H. ANDERSON,

Commanding Longstreet's Corps:

GENERAL: I am directed by General Lee to say that he desires you to move to the north side of James River and take command of the troops and line of defense about Chaffin's Bluff, New Market, &amp;c. He wishes the construction of the line of works under the supervision of Colonel W. Proctor Smith, engineers, &c., pushed forward as vigorously as possible, and everything done to make the entire defensive line secure against any attack of the enemy. You are requested to establish your headquarters at such point as may be most convenient to the lines, and to report your location to the general commanding, and also to Major-Generals Field and Pickett. These division commanders have been instructed to communicate through you in all matters of routine and internal administration, and, being nearer the general commanding, to report to army headquarters direct in matters appertaining to military

