
sharpshooters immediately provided with mantlets, to protect the gunners, of the pattern now being furnished by the engineers, and also to provide on each flank of every gun on the lines a lookout loop-hole for sentries and gunners, covering the loop-holes themselves, can be obtained at the engineer workshops of Lieutenant Wise, in Petersburg, near the back of the Weldon railroad.

II. Should the enemy open a general bombardment along the lines, guns and men will be kept under cover and no reply made to their artillery fire without special instructions. One sentinel will be kept constantly on the alert at every gun, observing the ground in front through one of the loop-holes by day and by night, to report any movement of troops or preparations for an assault of the enemy. the commanding officer of each battery will be held responsible for the vigilance of this watch. Should any troops appear within range at any time every available gun will immediately open upon them. Should the bombardment be kept up during the night the sentries will be doubled at dark on the front lines, all guns run into position and their embrasures cleared, and those on the front lines be doubled-shotted with canister. The mortars during the bombardment will fire occasionally at the batteries of the enemy in their reach, and form a half hour after dark, and from midnight until daylight, will maintain a slow fire upon all ravines and positions within reach in which the enemy might mass troops, but will never allow their ammunition on hand to be reduced below thirty rounds per mortar unless the enemy should make a lodgment in our lines. Should this occur every available mortar will open upon his lodgment and the light ones will be moved up in the trenches and concentrated upon it.

III. All guns must be habitually kept covered from the enemy's fire and view during the day, and at night moved into position. Mantlets will not be wanted to protect from artillery fire alone. They will be habitually kept mounted only on guns on the front lines, and those must be well concealed from view and fire.

By command of General Alexander, acting chief of Artillery:

D. D. PENDLETON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Abstract from return of Wilcox's division, Ambrose P. Hill's corps, Major General Cadmus M. Wilcox commanding, for September 30, 1864.

Command.	Aggregate	Aggregate

present for	present.

duty.

General staff	 14	 14

Lane's brigade (Lane)	1,275	1,544

Thomas' brigade (Thomas)	 994	1,258

McGowan's brigade	1,287	1,503

(McGowan)

Scales' brigade (Scales)	1,210	1,500

Total	4,780	5,819

Command.	Aggregate	Present

present and	effective for

absent.	the field.

General staff	 14	---

Lane's brigade (Lane)	 3,617	1,275

Thomas' brigade (Thomas)	 2,180	1,172

McGowan's brigade	 3,156	1,296

(McGowan)

Scales' brigade (Scales)	 3,009	1,212

Total	11,976	4,955

