
delay to the commanding general Army of the Potomac to relieve First. Lieutenant M. Schaff, Ordnance Department, in his duties as depot ordnance officer, Army of the Potomac.

42. First Lieutenant M. Schaff, Ordnance Department, on being relieved from duty in the Army of the Potomac, will repair at once to Reading, Pa., and relive Captain S. C. Lyford, Ordnance Department, in his duties as inspector of cannon and projectiles at that place.

By order of the Secretary of War:

E. D. TOWNSEND,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Numbers 72. City Point, Va., August 12, 1864.

I. Colonel F. McGilvery, First Maine Light Artillery, is temporarily relieved from duty with the Army of the Potomac, and will report in person to Major General B. F. Butler, commanding Department of Virginia and North Carolina, for assignment as chief of artillery of the Tenth Army Corps, Major General D. B. Birney, commanding.

---------------

* * * * * * *

---------------

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL. HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

August 12, 1864 - 11.15 a. m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

The major-general commanding directs that you move your command as soon as practicable to City Point. Your artillery and trains will be sent to-night, or at such times as not to be seen by the enemy, to the vicinity of the Point of Rocks bridge, cross the same, and move over to some point in rear of the center of General Butler's line and out of sight of the enemy. The movement of the artillery and trains must at all times be concealed from the enemy. General Gregg will be immediately directed to move to-morrow secretly to Deep Bottom and across the James, and report to you. The major-general commanding directs me to enjoin upon you that these orders are strictly confidential, and every arrangement and effort must be made to conceal the destination of the corps from the officers and troops, artillery and trains, and from the enemy. The idea will be held out that the Second Corps going to Washington.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,August 12, 1864 - 11.45 a. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 11.15 a. m. just received. I will adjourn the court of inquiry at once, until such time as I may again assemble it, as it cannot proceed, I think; there will be but one member; I

