
20-pounders, from their new work in front of the right of the Fifth Corps. I should judge it was near the McKenzie house. They fired a few shots at Roemer's battery.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,August 12, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel LEWIS RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps:

SIR: I have the honor to report no changes in my front during the day. The enemy have been busy with the spade, and have used their artillery, in their new work in front of our extreme left.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding,

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

August 12, 1864 - 11.45 a. m.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Cavalry:

The major-general commanding directs that you make the necessary arrangements to relieve your division to-night by Kautz's command, which will picket and patrol on our left and rear and watch over toward the James. You will move with your division to-morrow to Point of Rocks at such times as to conceal your movement from the enemy, cross the bridge and move to Deep Bottom and across the James, and report to Major-General Hancock. Your whole movement must be concealed from the enemy and secretly made. The major-general commanding particularly enjoins upon your every effort to conceal the destination of the command from the troops as well as from the enemy. If the movement of the Second Corps becomes known the idea will be held out that it is going to Washington. These orders are to be regarded as strictly confidential.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 2nd Brigadier, DIV., CAV. CORPS,Numbers 60. August 12, 1864.

Colonel J. Irvin Gregg having been relieved from duty as division commander, Colonel M. Kerwin, temporarily in command of the brigade during his absence, is hereby relieved and will report to his regiment.

---------------

* * * * * * *

---------------

By command of Colonel J. Irvin Gregg, commanding brigade:

JNO. B. MAITLAND,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

