
FORT POWHATAN, August 12, 1864 - 9.45 a. m.

(Received 11.15 a. m.)

Major DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have returned from Cabin Point this morning with my command - 230 men. I was ordered by General Kautz, on 10th instant, to proceed to this point and operate with gun-boat force and assist in repairing telegraph. I sent a squadron to Swan Point and repaired the line five miles from Cabin Point. The wire has been cut by the enemy since our return. The colonel commanding post desires me to await instructions from commanding general. My men and horses are fatigued and the command is without rations or forage. The wire can be cut by a few scouts of the enemy at any time.

C. KLEINZ,

Lieutenant Colonel, Commanding Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry.

CITY POINT, August 13, 1864.

(Received 4 p. m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

The Sixth and Tenth New York Heavy Artillery are ordered to Washington. General Augur made request for a particular regiment, giving, however, only the name of its colonel, Wheeler. No regiment commanded by Colonel Wheeler can by found here.

U. S. BRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, August 13, 1864 - 9.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

I presume the regiment asked for by General Augur was the Second New York, Colonel Whistler. Boards are sent to examine hospitals as fast as we can get surgeons. In the meantime inspections are being made by local surgeons. The extreme heat has had a very bad effect upon the sick in hospitals. All troops under General Pope, not actually in the Indian campaign, were ordered to General Sherman, and special inspection made of his department. A new demand for troops to-day from Indiana, and fears expressed of an attempt to release the prisoners of war.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 13, 1864 - 8 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Will you give the necessary orders about the bridges at Deep Bottom? I have directed Hancock to confer with you fully on the proposed plan of operations.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

