
CITY POINT, August 13, 1864.

J. C. BABCOCK:

Our scouts on the Rappahannock report Fitzhugh Lee's division of cavalry to have arrived at Orange Court-House on Wednesday. They also report the movements of the infantry to the Valley, but without definiteness as to numbers and commands. They thought there was a brigade of A. P. Hill's corps among them.

SHARPE,

Colonel.

CITY POINT, August 13, 1864.

JOHN C. BABCOCK:

Information from agent who went to Richmond Thursday and left to return yesterday noon: He went and came by Charles City road, on which he saw pickets at Smith's, east of Willis' Methodist Church, and also at Ridley's [Riddell's?) Shop; heard that four miles from White's Tavern toward river there was a camp of seven regiments of infantry; very few troops in the first line of fortifications, and none in the second except guards at the magazines. Work is being done at the fortifications on the north side of the city. The troops that were sent north in the first part of the week were moved through town with secrecy. People understood that three divisions had hone, but all he could learn with definiteness that they were Longstreet's divisions. A train of artillery passed through from the Manchester side yesterday morning which he describes as being three-quarters of a mile long.

SHARPE,

Colonel,

[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 13, 1864 - 9 p. m.

Respectfully forwarded to Major-General Humphreys for his information.

J. C. BABCOCK.

BUREAU OF INFORMATION,

City Point, August 13, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: From one of our agents who went to Richmond on Thursday, and returning left Richmond yesterday about noon, we have the following information: The agent went and returned by the Charles City road. Saw some pickets at Smith's house, east of Willis' Methodist Church, and also at Ridley's [Riddell's?] Shop, which were all the troops he met on the route. He learned that four miles from White's Tavern toward the river there was a camp of seven regiments of infantry, which he thinks was all the force there is in the neighborhood of Deep Bottom. Of this, however, he has no certainty, as he did not leave the Charles City road going or returning. In the first line of works he saw a few troops, and altogether on both sides of the road as he went in about fifty tents, and nothing in the second line except guards at the magazines. There were no troops in Richmond except convalescents passing through. Work was being done to the fortifications on the north side of the city, across the Brook pike and the Central and Fredericksburg railroads. He says that it was understood

