HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 13, 1864 - 8 a. m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

City Point:

Please report to the lieutenant-general commanding for further instructions in addition to those sent you yesterday, and have a full understanding of his views.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., August 13, 1864.

Major General W. S. HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Army Corps:

In addition to the instructions which you already have but little can be added. You will have to be guided in your movements by those of the enemy and his numbers. If you do not succeed in placing the enemy between your infantry and the James River it may not be safe to send the cavalry to the Virginia Central Railroad. Of this matter you can best judge. There is no necessity of holding your connection with Deep Bottom. With the force at your command you will always be able to get back to that point or some other on the James River. Wherever you go consume or destroy all the forage and provisions, except what is housed for family use, if it does not interfere with military movements to do so. I always regret to see wanton destruction of property which cannot be used in prolonging the war, and know that you equally oppose such conduct on the part of our troops. No caution on this head, therefore, is necessary. Cattle, horses, forage, and provisions, however, and especially so near a partially besieged city, are fair captures, and it is a duty we owe ourselves to take them even it they should be the property of Union citizens. In such case, a very improbable one near Richmond, they could be paid for. Having a force of 9,000 men from the Tenth Army Corps in addition to your own corps, if you can advance beyond Chaffin's Bluff, keeping that point covered, I think it advisable to do so. Unless forced to return in order to keep communication with the James, remain at the highest point up the river gained until the cavalry returns and you receive orders to return. You can always be supplied by steamers, either at Dutch Gap or Deep Bottom.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,August 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel F. A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that I have returned from leave of absence this a. m., and resumed command of the division.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

