
toward Strawberry Plains, leaving room for the infantry of the Second Corps to mass between his command and the belt of woods near the bridge.

Second. The Second Corps (the transports containing the Third Division leading) will move at 10 p. m. to Deep Bottom, and disembark as rapidly as possible on the north bank of the James, massing behind the belt of woods where the corps massed July 26. The Second and First Divisions will disembark in succession and mass in rear of the Third Division.

Third. General Birney's command, Tenth Corps, will cross the upper bridge at Deep Bottom at 12 p. m., taking position to assault the enemy's works at daybreak.

Fourth. The commandant of artillery will assign two batteries to each division and will follow the cavalry with these batteries, crossing the lower pontoon bridge in rear of the cavalry and parking near the bridge-head. The battery commanders will then report to the commander of the division to which they are assigned.

Fifth. The saddle and led horses of the command will follow the artillery and join their respective divisions. They will be followed by the reserve artillery, the headquarters' spring wagons, wagons for three days' forage, and, for each division, ten ammunition wagons, one hospital and one medical wagon, and twenty ambulances. The remainder of the ambulance, hospital, and ammunition wagons can cross after the troops have advanced well out from Deep Bottom.

Sixth. At daybreak, or as soon as General Mott's division is disembarked, he will proceed up the New Market and Malvern Hill road, driving the enemy into his intrenched line behind Bailey's Creek, or beyond it, if practicable. During this operation the cavalry under General Gregg will cover the right flank of General Mott's division. As soon as the Second and First Divisions, Second Corps, are disembarked they will, under command of General Barlow, move to General Mott's right, and assault the enemy's line near the Jennings house. If the line is carried General Barlow will move to his left to uncover General Mott's front, who will then advance along the New Market road.

Seventh. The cavalry will cover the right flank of General Barlow's command during this operation. As soon as the Central and Charles City Court-House roads are uncovered by the advance of the infantry, General Gregg will proceed to execute the orders already received by him, identical with those of July 25.*

Eighth. General Birney, with his command, will be prepared to attack the enemy in position behind Four-Mile Run at daybreak. The hour for attack will, however, be specially designated to General Birney. If successful, he will advance along the New Market and Kingsland roads to the junction of the Varina road; then along the Varina road to the Mill road, securing, if possible, the cross-roads at Osborne's old turnpike.

Ninth. The headquarters of the command will be on the New Market and Malvern Hill road during the operations of the 14th. Until that time they will be near General Foster's headquarters at the upper pontoon bridge at Deep Bottom.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

---------------

* For which, see Vol. XL, Part III, p. 437.

---------------

