
eral also directs that your order two regiments of Colonel Duncan's brigade, under command of a field officer, to report to General Ames after dark this evening, for duty in the second line of trenches.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours,

WM. RUSSELL, JR.,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Petersburg, Va., August 1, 1864.

Colonel S. A. DUNCAN,Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: Pursuant to instructions from corps headquarters you will move your brigade about dusk to-night to the position now occupied by Colonel Henry's brigade, in the rear of the position formerly occupied by General Turner's division. Colonel Henry's brigade will move away from its present position about dusk. You will also order two regiments of your brigade, under command of a field officer, to report to General Ames after dark this evening for duty in the second line of trenches.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SOLON A. CARTER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. CAVALRY CORPS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, McCann's, on the Norfolk Railroad, August 1, 1864.

Brigadier General A. V. KAUTZ,Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs that on your being relieved by a brigade of General Wilson's division, you will at once move your entire division to position on the road leading from Prince George Court-House to Indian Point, near Birchett's, and then go into camp. You will send one regiment of your command to Sycamore Church to picket the roads at or near that point leading toward Indian Point and Coggins' Point. This latter disposition will be made to protect the general cattle herds of the army and the Cavalry Corps trains at Indian Point. You will also picket the City Point road, connecting your right with the left of the Second Division picket-line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAS. W. FORSYTH,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

P. S.-Your quartermaster was ordered last evening to bring up your trains to Indian Point.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, Lee's Mill, Va., August 1, 1864-8 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel J. W. FORSYTH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Corps:

I have sent to Jones' Neck to have the transportation come here with the forage on hand at that camp. I presume that arrangements will be made to supply the division with forage and rations through

