HEADQUARTERS,August 13, 1864.

Major-General BIRNEY,

Commanding Tenth Army Corps;

In accordance with verbal instructions heretofore given you, upon consultation, you will take all the men that can, in your judgment, be spared from the lines between the Appomattox and the James; march across the pontoon bridge at Deep Bottom at such time as will enable you to strike the enemy in front of Brigadier-General Foster in the most feasible form at daybreak on the morning of the 14th. You will take such portion of General Foster's command, and add it to your own, as you think will be prudent. As you are to advance, leaving Deep Bottom behind you, in my judgment a small force will be necessary. You will turn over the command of the line of defenses to Brigadier-General Turner, instructing him what troops you have left for that purpose. I shall be able to add from the dismounted cavalry and from Graham possibly 800 men. You may order such portion of the garrison of Fort Converse as you think can be spared for the present. Perhaps you can draw largely, too, on General Turner. I forbear giving instructions in writing, because the details have already been arranged between us personally. You will report to Major-General Hancock, who will be at Deep Bottom in the course of the night. Any other instructions that you may desire from me will be promptly met by telegraph.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, August 13, 1864.

Major-General BIRNEY,

Commanding Tenth Army Corps:

General Terry will remain in command of his division, very few of whom are in the line of defenses. General Turner will be put in command of all the troops used in the defense of the line. General Terry's division extends farther and beyond, and on application I, being present, will order such troops of General Terry's division as my be necessary for the line of defense to report to General Turner.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 24. In Field, near Hatcher's, Va., August 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel F. McGilvery, First Maine Light Artillery, having reported for duty in obedience to orders from the War Department, is hereby announced as chief of artillery and of ordnance of the corps, and will at once assume command of the Artillery Brigade, relieving Captain F. M. Follett, Fourth Artillery, who will resume command of this battery.

By command of Major General D. B. Birney:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

