
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

August 13, 1864.

Division commanders and chief of artillery will hold their commands in readiness to move at a moment's notice. Three days' cooked rations will be ready from this evening. Inspections will be at once had and reports made as to ammunition in cartridge boxes and in train. The chief of artillery will see that three days' forage is carried on the caissons. All enlisted men acting as clerks or waiters must be armed and ready to join their companies on the march. The only exceptions to this rule will be made by division commanders where the public service demands it. Arms sufficient to equip all unequipped men can be obtained at the corps hospital. Great care must be taken to see that shoes are issued to supply all deficiencies. This must be done to-day.

By order of Major-General Birney;

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

MARCHING ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

August 13, 1864.

This corps will move promptly at 11 p. m. in the following order: First Division, Second Division, Birney's brigade. The march will be to Deep Bottom, crossing at pontoon bridge near General Foster's headquarters and massing near there in position to be indicated by a staff officer. The chief of artillery will designate four batteries to accompany the movement, two to be assigned during it to each division. General Turner will order the brigade of his on picket and in trenches to report temporarily to General Terry, who will assume command of the troops of the Tenth Corps left in the trenches, and defend the line, using every precaution to conceal the departure of troops. The usual calls will be sounded along the line. The ambulances of the corps will be parked near the pontoon bridge below Jones' Landing. Trains will be parked in convenient positions. Only sick men will be left in camp and those unequipped. Every effort must be made to turn out the full strength. Lieutenant-Colonel Washburn, with the Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry, will report to General Terry and be placed, without delay, in the trenches. General Terry will report here for fuller orders. Headquarters of the corps will be during the movement on the right bank of the James, near the pontoon bridge.

By order of Major-General Birney:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,August 13, 1864. (Received 10.50 p. m.)

General BUTLER:

General Birney has communicated to me your order for me to remain in command of trenches. Two brigades of my division go with General Birney. My place is with them. It seems to be my right to go.

Respectfully,

JNO. W. TURNER,

Brigadier-General.

