
line is picketed by the Second Brigade of my division, under Colonel Spear, of the First Brigade. One regiment (Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry) has been sent to fort Powhatan to look after the interruptions of the telegraph line. The other regiment, Third New York Cavalry, Colonel Lewis, was sent to relieve the pickets of the Second Division, Cavalry Corps, last night, and I have not yet heard from it. I have directed Colonel Lewis to report direct to you, morning and evening, the condition of affairs at his line, as it would cause too much delay to send his report through these headquarters. The line is very long and thin, and the whole division being on duty I have no reserves. In front of the Second Brigade there does not seem to by any force of the enemy, but small parties of the enemy are constantly attempting to capture the pickets. Six of my men have been captured in the past six days on this line in spite of every precaution to prevent them. As the Fifth Pennsylvania has passed beyond my control I do not know when to expect its return.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

I will send duplicate of General Kautz's order to him, and direct him to move his headquarters to Prince George Court-House (vicinity of).

A. A. H.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 13, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General KAUTZ,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

Colonel Lewis, commanding Third New York Cavalry, reports that his regiment, 370 strong, relieved the First Brigade, Second Division, in picketing on the left of the army. The major-general commanding considers that the main part of your force should be posted on the left, picketing and patrolling between that and the Blackwater. As all the camps and trains have been removed from Jordan's Point and that vicinity, very little force will be required to watch between the Blackwater and James. Please report the disposition you make of your command under this view and where your headquarters are.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 13, 1864-12 m.

Brigadier-General KAUTZ,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

Your communication of 9 a. m. is received. At 10.30 a. m. I sent you instructions as to the disposition of your face, a copy of which I inclose.* Not less than a brigade should be between the left and the Blackwater, and a stronger force than that when your regiment returns from Powhatan. The commanding general directs that you establish

---------------

*See next, ante.

---------------

