
your headquarters in the vicinity of Prince George Court-House, and that you keep the full amount of supplies on hand required by orders, and be prepared to move at short notice. You will get your supplies from the depots of the Army of the Potomac.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,Near Prince George Court-House, August 13, 1864-9 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Major Baker, commanding First District of Columbia Cavalry, who was stationed at Sycamore Church and who has reported here to re-enforce Colonel Lewis with his regiment, reports that there is a large herd of Government cattle near Cocke's Mill that is exposed to guerrillas that are very numerous. The withdrawal of Major Baker leaves no protection there except an occasional patrol from Mount Sinai Church. I have no doubt that the telegraph will be cut near Cocke's Mill as soon as it is known that Major Baker has been withdrawn.

Very respectfully,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

I don't see why the regiment was not left at Sycamore Church to make an occasional patrol to Mount Sinai Church. If General K. has a regiment near Mount Sinai had he not better send it to Sycamore? Chief part of force between Blackwater and James to be posted at Sycamore Church, patrolling toward Blackwater, &amp;c.

A. A. H.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 13, 1864-10 p. m.

Brigadier-General KAUTZ, Commanding Cavalry Division:

Your dispatch of 9 p. m. is received. The commanding general considers that the chief part of the force between the Blackwater and James should be at Sycamore Church, patrolling toward the Blackwater and elsewhere that may be necessary, and directs that you arrange accordingly.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,August 13, 1864-11 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Your note of this evening has been received. If I comply with the instructions contained in it, it reduces the line to precisely what it was this morning, or else leaves a gap at Mount Sinai Church, which I regard as the most important point of the line. By weakening the force at Mount Sinai Church I can extend it to Sycamore, but the force will not be strong enough to be a protection for

