
the cattle herd, for a force sufficient to drive off the cattle could break through the line. The line from the left of the army to Sycamore Church is about twenty-five miles. To picket this line I have now about 1,300 men. If the regiment at Fort Powhatan were here I would place it at Sycamore Church, which would hold that point. By telegraphing to General Butler it could be ascertained when that regiment will be back, and I could halt it there. It would perhaps be safest to call the cattle herd in for the present, nearer the railroad.

Very respectfully, your obedient, your obedient servant,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, D. C., August 14, 1864-1.50 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

The Secretary of War and I concur that you had better confer with General Lee and stipulate for a mutual discontinuance of house burning and other destruction of private property. The time and manner of conference and particulars of stipulation we leave, on our part, to your convenience and judgment.

A. LINCOLN.

STRAWBERRY PLAINS, VA., August 14, 1864-10 a. m.

(Received 9 a. m. 15th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

Last night I moved the Second Corps, about 9,000 men of the Tenth Corps, and Gregg's division of cavalry, to this (north) side of the river to threaten Richmond from the north, and, if possible, to draw back troops from the Valley. We have captured prisoners from four different brigades of Field's division, Longstreet's corps, and also from Wilcox's division, of Hill's corps. Field's division is one that we supposed had gone to the Valley. We know two divisions of Hill's corps to be at Petersburg. This fixes the third division here, as I have heretofore supposed. Pickett's division, of Longstreet's corps, is opposite Butler at Bermuda Hundred. This leaves but one division of infantry to have gone to the Valley. I am now satisfied no more has gone. Please forward this to Sheridan.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., August 14, 1864-8 p. m.

(Received 3.30 p. m., 16th.)

Major-General HALLECK, Washington, D. C.:

The move to the north side of the James to-day developed the presence of Field's division, of Longstreet's corps, which i supposed had gone to the Valley. Pickett's division is also here. We captured 6 pieces of artillery and over 100 prisoners. Longstreet's troops were under marching orders, and this move will detain it at least for the present. I think Sheridan is still superior to Early in numbers, but not sufficiently so to attack fortifications.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

