
CITY POINT, VA., August 14, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

Special Orders, Numbers 73, granting leave of absence for thirty days to Major General A. E. Burnside and Lieutenant-Colonel Richmond, assistant adjutant-general, of the Ninth Corps, are on the way to your headquarters; also leave of absence to Lieutenant-Colonel Pierce, chief quartermaster, for eight days, granted on recommendation of General Ingalls.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 14, 1864-8.30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, or Deep Bottom:

Have I any authority to call on General Ord for assistance in case of making a movement? The only movement in my judgment practicable is to take Warren out of his lines and move him around the enemy's works till he finds a point he can penetrate. To do this his line must either be occupied by the extension of the Ninth and Eighteenth Corps, or else left unoccupied, in which case there are redoubts which, should the enemy get possession of, it might seriously embarrass us to recover. I have sent my engineers to examine how Parke's left flank can be covered in case of Warren's line being given up; but should it be deemed best to hold Warren's line some portion of the Eighteenth, if any can be spared, must assist in the extension.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Deep Bottom, August 14, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

In case you find it practicable to make any demonstration against Petersburg, command the Eighteenth Corps, as you deem proper. General Ord will be directed to receive orders from you.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. SIGNAL DEPT., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 14, 1864-6 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following dispatch just received from the signal officer with the Fifth Corps:

The enemy's infantry has been passing on road right of Petersburg, going to our right, ambulances and a train of wagons following them, moving rapidly. Should call it a division.

D. E. CASTLE,

Acting Signal Officer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer.

