
[Indorsement.]

AUGUST 14, 1864-7 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The above just receive. This is the first indication of any movement that has been seed to-day.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 14, 1864-7.10 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I propose to withdraw Warren to-night, and leave his line to be held by Parke, extending Ord as far as the exploded mine; Warren to be held in reserve, either for a movement or to re-enforce any part of the line if attacked. As Ord was to be used only in case of a movement, I submit this you before giving orders.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., August 14, 1864-7.20 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

You may extend the Ninth and Eighteenth Corps, as you propose. If Parke and Ord will leave a very thin line in the works and have the bulk of their men in reserve, it will rest them very much. I am satisfied that a thin skirmish line is plenty to man our works, especially where there is a reserve.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,PROVOST-MARSHALK-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,

August 14, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: One lieutenant and four privates, deserters from the enemy, have just been forwarded from the headquarters of the Fifth Corps. The privates belong to the Sixth and Sixty-first Virginia Regiments, Weisiger's brigade, Mahone's division, Hill's corps. They report no changes in the enemy's position since the departure of Longstreet's corps. A part of McLaws' division, of Longstreet's corps, moved from the rear of Mahone's division across the Appomattox three or four days ago and was said to be going to Early. There are now but two divisions of Hill's corps and the two divisions of Beauregard's command on this side of the Appomattox. The lieutenant is from the Thirteenth Alabama Regiment, Fry's brigade, Heth's division, and came in this morning about daylight. He is very well informed, and corroborates previous information of the enemy's position. The four divisions of the enemy lie from right to left as follows: The four divisions of the enemy lie from right to left as follows: Mahone's, Heth's, Hoke's, and Bushrod Johnson's. Two brigades of Mahone's division are in reserve. One

