
the quartermaster and commissary of the corps. It will, perhaps, be quite as easy to supply the division from Jones' Neck, as long as our camp remains at that point. Arrangements had been completed and the arms were arriving to arm the division with carbines complete and uniformly, which I should like to effect before the connection with General Butler's command is entirely severed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

NOTE.-All is quiet here. My command is in position. The enemy's pickets are close in front of mine.

A. V. K.

[AUGUST 2, 1864.-For Grant to Halleck, requesting a court of inquiry on the facts and circumstances attending the assault of July 30, see Vol. XL, Part I, p. 18.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT, August 2, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Two deserters from the Twenty-fifth South Carolina, Hoke's division, just examined at Eighteenth Corps headquarters, report the following: They say that some cooks of their regiment told them that they saw Kershaw's division, of Longstreet's corps, take the cars yesterday and go south. The general supposition was that they were going to re-enforce General Hood. During the engagement of the 30th ultimo Colquitt's brigade, of Hoke's division, was taken from the trenches and marched to the right. They had not yet returned to their old positions when informants left. They say that there are two field pieces mounted in rear of Hoke's division about 200 yards beyond the railroad. General Martin, of Hoke's division, has resigned, and Colonel Zachry, of the Twenty-seventh Georgia, is now commanding their brigade. They have heard rumors that their pioneers were mining in front of Johnson's division (General Ord's engineer was going out to have them locate the spot). Martin's brigade is on the right of Hagood's and Clingman on the left. These men left their picket-lines last night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. McENTEE,

Captain, &amp;c.

P. S.-These men also state that the men captured from us on the 30th of July are now confined at Petersburg within range of our guns, and that their petitions to the commanding general that they might be removed to a place of safety were disregarded. This was a general camp rumor.

Respectfully,

J. McENTEE,

Captain, &c.

2 R R-VOL XLII, PT II

