
of informants saw General Lee yesterday at General Mahone's headquarters. The rumor that he had gone to the Valley is unfounded. They report that a large force of cavalry marched through Petersburg yesterday morning going north, supposed to Early.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. BABCOCK.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 14, 1864-11 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Orders have been given for the withdrawal of the Fifth Corps and the occupation of the lines of the Ninth and Eighteenth Corps. The Fifth will be held in reserve for contingencies. No further intelligence has been received from signal officers that has not been sent you, except that between 5 and 6 p. m. the officer on the plank road saw a small body of cavalry, with wagons and ambulances, moving northward along the Weldon railroad.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,

August 14, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Five deserters from Finegan's (Florida) brigade, who came in this morning, report that last night Manone's and Wilcox's old brigades, of Mahone's division, were taken from the trenches and moved to the rear, where they are now lying in reserve for the balance of the division. They say that the enemy are apprehensive that we are about blowing up a fort of theirs opposite our Fort Hell, and they think the movement last night was made preparatory to an expected attack by us at that point. They say that yesterday's Richmond papers reported that Admiral Farragut had taken Mobile, and that a strong column of our troops were marching into the heart of the country from that point. They say it has for some time past been reported in their camps that Longstreet has gone to the Valley.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McENTEE,

Captain, &amp;c.

GIBBON'S HOUSE STATION, August 14, 1864-7 a. m.

Major B. F. FISHER,

Chief Signal Officer;

Nothing unusual visible in the enemy's line this morning. Roads west and southwest of the city inclosed by fog.

A. C. JORDAN.

