HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,August 14, 1864-3.20 p. m.

General GRANT:

General Barlow attacked the enemy's line on the Central road; took the first line of rifle-pits, driving the enemy out, but failed to take the second and third lines, though attempting it twice. He is now about to try it again, and thinks he will succeed. The troops are not behaving steadily to-day. A great many are straggling and sunstruck. The loss in officers has been heavy. The enemy's force did not appear large. The point referred to is about a mile up the Central road from the New Market road.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,August 14, 1864-6.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

General Barlow has made another attack upon the enemy and has been repulsed with some loss. The enemy are massing pretty heavily to their left, and I rather anticipate an attack upon General Barlow. General Birney just reported to me that he has captured six pieces and two mortars. I have ordered all my skirmishers to advance on my left when the enemy commenced massing on my right, including those of General Birney.

Very respectfully,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

(Copy to General Meade.)

CITY POINT, August 14, 1864-7.30 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

No movement of troops from Petersburg has been observed until this evening. A body, supposed to be about a division, now seems to be moving; so reported by signal officer.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,August 14, 1864-12.45 p. m. (Received 2.45 p. m.)

General MEADE:

The command has taken a few prisoners from each of eleven different regiments to-day; all, without an exception, so far as ascertained, of Field's division, representing four or five of his brigades. A part of my force is now moving over on the Central road, holding the New Market road. General Birney occupies the Kingsland road, and will shortly try to seize the New Market road on his front. I was delayed materially this morning by the transports not being able to get the troops off until 9 o'clock. Two regiments not arrived yet. General Grant has been here.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

