HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,August 14, 1864-9.30 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

General Birney has called upon me for transportation for six guns and two mortars, captured by him this evening. I think there is no doubt but they will be gotten off a after dark to-night. General Barlow did not attack the enemy's left, which was refused, but attacked a salient of their line. He had a persistent fight; although he did not carry it he held the ground passed over. The attack by General Barlow was not made in sufficient force, but the troops did not fight with their accustomed vigor. Owing to the excessive heat, large numbers straggled from ranks. The loss was considerable. The troops saved their honor by not losing their killed and wounded. Gregg reports the Charles City road cut up by the enemy's intrenchments, the advance of which he carried. They were occupied by Hampton's Legion. The lines were thinly held, but were re-enforced while Barlow was attacking.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

P. S.-I shall set Birney at work in the morning as General Grant suggested.

W. S. H.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 14, 1864-11 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

Your several telegrams received. I am glad to hear of Birney's success, and sympathize with Barlow in his losses. Nothing new has occurred in my front to-day till 5 p. m., when the signal officer at Fifth Corps headquarters reported the movement of a column of infantry northward.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

SIGNAL STATION, August 14, 1864. (Received 2.40 p. m.)

General HANCOCK;

The enemy has just been closing up to his left in the line of breastworks on the cleared hill in General Mott's front. The works appear now to be well filled.

P. A. TAYLOR,

Captain and Signal Officer.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

August 14, 1864.

The following movements of troops of this command are ordered: During the night Major-General Birney, Tenth Corps, will move his command from its present position to the vicinity of these headquarters by such route as he may select. It is required that the entire command be massed out of sight of the enemy in its new position by 3 a. m. of the 15th. As soon after daylight on the 15th as practicable division commanders will hold their present lines by a strong line of skirmishers, well supported, and will mass the remainder of their commands in readiness to support their own lines or move to the support of others. General Birney not relieve his skirmish line now con-

