
nected with the left of the Second Corps. The Third Division will be massed opposite the right of its picket-line, the Second Division opposite its center, and the First Division near the junction of new Market and Central roads. At 6 a. m. Major-General Birney, with his command, will move out on the Central road, and turn the enemy's left flank, if possible. If this is not found practicable,a nd General Birney considers the chances favorable for a successful assault, he will attack the enemy's position with his whole force. If he succeeds in braking the line he will then direct his attack toward New Market, and will be supported by the Second Corps. The cavalry, under General Gregg, will cover the right flank and rear during these operations.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,August 13 [14?], 1864-5.15 p. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel 	WALKER:

I attacked with a strong brigade of Second Division, and was repulsed with considerable loss. If I retain the hill, which we took to-day, I have not enough troops to have a continuous line of battle from the point occupied by General Miles' brigade (which I think it important to hold) and the point on my extreme right. I think I have not troops enough to occupy so extended a line, and that I should draw it in, giving up the hill we took.

Respectfully,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,August 14, 1864-10.40 a. m.

Brigadier-General MOTT,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that after establishing your skirmish line you place your division as follows: One strong regiment to hold the houses and vicinity on the New Market and Malvern Hill road; the remainder of your command massed near the cross-roads in rear of your line (at the intersection of the New Market and Malvern Hill road with the cross-roads connecting this road with the New Market and Long Bridge road), prepared to move to the support of General Barlow. One brigade of your division will probably be required to relieve the left brigade (General Miles') of the First Division, and you will send a staff officer to General Barlow to ascertain the position of this brigade.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,August 14, 1864-7 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Shall I take in my picket-line on left of the plank road?

G. K WARREN,

Major-General.

