HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 14, 1864-8.15 a. m.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

Draw in all the pickets you do not consider necessary for your immediate security.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,August 14, 1864. (Received 9 a. m.)

General WILLIAMS:

I have the honor to report all quiet in my front during the night. Five deserters from Florid brigade were received this morning, and are on the way to army headquarters.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 14, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Major-General WARREN:

The commanding general directs me to say that upon the happening of the contingency referred to last night the whole of the Fifth Corps will be withdrawn from the trenches and directed against the enemy's right flank beyond the Weldon railroad. General Ord will extend his left to the vicinity of Burnside's mine, and the Ninth Corps will occupy the remainder of the army front as far as the large redoubt on the plank road. A dispatch has been received from Hancock, dated 5 a. m., stating that all his troops would not be disembarked much before 9 a. m., half only being ashore then. The cavalry was all over. Nothing further since.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,August 14, 1864-3.45 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

I have here an officer, Second Lieutenant Smith, Thirteenth Alabama, Heth's division. He came in last night. Heth's division in next to Beauregard's, on his left, and right of Heth's extends across the plank road; next comes Mahone's, and his right does not extend to within half a mile of the Weldon railroad. Longstreet's corps has gone to the Valley and thinks he is in command. Lee is here. Lieutenant Smith saw him yesterday. Lieutenant Smith says Heth's and Mahone's, as well as Beauregard's troops, were here the morning the mine was sprung. Heth's division got north of James River the day after the four pieces of artillery were captured by Hancock, and returned back here the

