HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,Deep Bottom, August 14, 1864.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding:

GENERAL: I will move at 9 o'clock by the rear of Mott and Dandy, and will bivouac on some spot without you desire me to take a special position before daylight. I am at Foster's headquarters until my batteries, trains, &amp;c., cross the bridge. I will leave a garrison here. My six guns have diminished to four, but increased by two 8-inch howitzers. I will see you before morning.

Your obedient servant,

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General.

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

August 14, 1864.

General Terry with his command will attack the enemy in position behind Four-Mile Creek promptly at daybreak. If successful he will advance along the New Market and Kingsland road to the junction of the Varina road; then along the Varina road to the Mill road, securing, if possible, the cross-roads at Osborne's old turnpike. Brigadier General William Birney will leave two regiments of his colored troops in the intrenchments at Deep Bottom, and with the remainder of his command will be prepared to support General Terry. General Birney will relieve General Foster's command in Deep Bottom.

By order of Major-General Birney:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

Headquarters' spring wagons may accompany the headquarters to which they belong.

MARCHING ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

August 14, 1864-7.20 p. m.

This command will march promptly at 9 p. m. to the rear of the position of the Second Corps, bivouacking at a spot to be indicated by Captain Briscoe, aide-de-camp. The command of Colonel Dandy will remain in its present position with its pickets out. The pickets of the corps will be withdrawn at 1 a. m. under directions of the corps officer of the day. They will fall back on the two roads to the intrenchments at the pontoon bridge. Ammunition trains and batteries and all wagons and ambulances will cross at the pontoon near General Foster's and recross at the lower bridge; park for the night and be harnessed ad daylight. Commanding officers should at once send out patrols for stragglers who fill the woods with fires and tents. Brigadier-General Birney will detail two regiments, and a competent officer to command them, to garrison and hold the fortifications at Deep Bottom. The First Connecticut Battery will report to that commanding officer; the detachment of New York Mounted Rifles will also report to him.

By command of Major-General Birney:

CHAS. H. GRAVES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

