
CITY POINT, August 15, 1864.

General WILLIAMS:

I am informed by Colonel Batchelder that he has been appointed chief quartermaster of the Army of the Potomac. It struck me with surprise, inasmuch as I had calculated on being attached to your army so long as the general commanding wished my services, and inasmuch as I had not expected any change. I had in no manner sought for the change. I had served under General Meade with great pride and cheerfulness to myself, and I hoped to his satisfaction. I sincerely wish him and the Army of the Potomac the greatest possible success.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 15, 1864-3.30 p. m.

General R. INGALLS,

City Point:

Your dispatch of this date in relation to the assignment of Lieutenant-Colonel Batchelder as chief quartermaster of the Army of the Potomac has been laid before the commanding general. The commanding general has received no official information touching the status of yourself and Colonel Batchelder, as defined in the orders that were issued at the time you left for City Point to assume the duties of chief quartermaster of the armies operating against Richmond, in addition to those of chief quartermaster of the Army of the Potomac, other than is contained in a letter Colonel Batchelder has recently received from the War Department, assign him to duty as chief quartermaster of the Army of the Potomac. The action of the War Department has been taken without the knowledge of the commanding general, and without any reference of the matter to him, and he supposes the object of the assignment to be to give Colonel Batchelder the rank and pay of colonel during your temporary absence from these headquarters. I am directed to add that you have at all times discharged the duties of chief quartermaster of this army to the entire satisfaction of the commanding general, and that if you have been for the time being transferred to another sphere of duty the transfer has been made without any action on his part.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, August 15, 1864.

(Received 1 a. m. 16th)

JOHN C. BABCOCK:

We have here five citizens, eleven refugees, and twenty-four prisoners of war taken to-day and yesterday by Second Corps. The latter are mainly from Law's and Anderson's brigades, of Field's division, the whole of which is in front of our lines at Deep Bottom. They do not know of any other infantry being there when they were taken, but know of two brigades of Wilcox's division being at Chaffin's farm three days ago. Wickham's brigade of cavalry and perhaps the most of Fitz Lee's division crossed to the north side of the James night before last.

