
ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

August 15, 1864.

The following movements of troops of this command are ordered for to-morrow:

1. At 4 a. m. General Miles, with his brigade, will move out to the position held to-day by one of General Birney's brigades near the Charles City road, and make a reconnaissance of the enemy's position, attacking with his brigade, if in the opinion of General Miles the attack will succeed.

2. General Gregg, commanding cavalry division, will advance up the Charles City road at 4 a. m. and endeavor to turn the left of the enemy's position on that road while General Miles is operating in front. General Gregg and General Miles will consult as to operations here. General Gregg will send a squadron to report at 4 a. m. directly to General Miles.

3. At daylight General Birney will continue the execution of thy orders of yesterday to turn the enemy's left between the Central and Charles City roads if practicable, or, failing in this, to attack the enemy's line, if his reconnaissance gives a reasonable assurance of success.

4. General Mott, Third Division; General Barlow, First Division, and Colonel Smyth, Second Division, will hold their commands in readiness to move instantly to the support of their own lines or elsewhere. The troops must be kept in their camps. Their skirmishers must be kept active during the day and have the enemy in their front closely watched.

5. The men will be under arms and camp struck at daylight. Commanders will see that all wagons not allowed by existing orders are sent to the river during the night.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,August 15, 1864.

Brigadier General G. MOTT,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that one of your brigades, either De Trobriand's or Madill's, be reported at once to Major-General Birney to form a part of his force during the operations of the day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,August 15, 1864.

Colonel McALLISTER:

The brigadier-general commanding directs that you put a regiment under a good commander into the point of woods nearest the bridgehead. The regiment will put out camp guards in the direction of Mal-

