
AUGUST 15, 1864-9 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

My pickets at Dutch Gap report trains running all night from Petersburg to a point just above them, and there stopping and whistling, probably at Chaffin's farm. Signal officer at Spring Hill reports two trains have passed from Petersburg and two toward Petersburg, the last loaded with commissary stores. At 9 a.m. a regiment of cavalry has just passed Junction toward Richmond. Birney reports that his six guns turn out to be four 8-inch howitzers; also that he is ordered to make an assault on the right of Hancock this morning. Pretty far round from left to right.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, August 15, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

Did Birney secure the guns reported, or are they on ground that cannot be reached by either party?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

General GRANT:

The following is answer to my inquiry about guns taken by General Birney yesterday:

DEEP BOTTOM, August 15, 1864.

General BUTLER:

I learned from an artillery lieutenant at 11 a.m. to-day that three were secured and the fourth not, for want of carriage. This officer was sent by General Hancock to secure the fourth. None have been delivered to me. The enemy had re-established his picket-line and had shelled the woods in my front. I could not get the fourth gun without a fight.

WM. B. WOOSTER,

Colonel Twenty-ninth Connecticut Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, August 15, 1864-1.50 p.m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

GENERAL: I have just returned from a reconnaissance. Have attacked the enemy's cavalry on the left of Gregg's brigade in flank and am driving them. Have ordered Avery's cavalry also to attack. I am driving them.

D. B. BIRNEY,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, August 15, 1864-2.10 p.m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

Do you desire me to mass and attack? I am apprehensive that if I attempt to envelop the enemy the force on my right and rear may take me in reverse.

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General.

I am driving the enemy's skirmishers on my right toward Charles City Court-House road.

