HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, August 15, 1864-2.30 p.m.

[General HANCOCK:]

My brigade has advanced within half a mile of Charles City road, driving the enemy, which they report to be mounted infantry. I have ordered them to halt at Charles City Cross-Road and await orders. Avery covers their left. Have you any orders?

D. B. BIRNEY,Major-General.

(Copy to General Gregg at 3.15 p.m.)
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, August 15, 1864.

Major-General BIRNEY:

GENERAL: I have sent Colonel Morgan to you to express my views. After you reach the Charles City road, if there is no engagement there, that brigade might be slowly withdrawn sufficiently to cover your right without being endangered, leaving the cavalry to protect the rear. I then wish you to continue your reconnaissance to the right of where Barlow attacked, to see if you can find a suitable place to attack, and, if so, before evening, I would like to make a strong attack and will give you more troops if necessary. It is important to make an advance or to ascertain that the enemy is in such force that we cannot, or to oblige them to re-enforce. You can be backed up as strongly as you wish. If you find a favorable point and want more men let me know. General Miles will now feel out to protect the right flank of that brigade which has gone to the front as well as your own right, and to attack the enemy if either are threatened.

Respectfully,W. S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, August 15, 1864-3.25 p.m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

Brigadier-General Birney is now moving with a brigade to attack to the right of my position, to be supported by all my force if necessary. When he drives the enemy to their line of works we can judge of the feasibility of an assault. My other division will move to the right and occupy the ground that he leaves, so that General Barlow must look out for his right. I may use the brigade of infantry that relieved Gregg from the attack.

Respectfully,

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

August 15, 1864-6.40 p.m. (Received 7.45.)

Major-General HANCOCK:

A reconnaissance in force sent out has met the enemy's skirmish line. As it is too far to my right and the woods too dense and close to favor

