
moved to Drewry's Bluff at 2 p.m. day before yesterday. Cannot say whether all of Heth's division is in our front or not. Davis' brigade, of Heth's division, was on the right of his (Heth's) division yesterday. The following telegram has been received from Colonel Sharpe:

CITY POINT, August 16, 1864.

J. C. BABCOCK:

Our cavalry took prisoners this a.m. from Fitz Lee's division; Chambliss killed; his body in our hands; fight on Charles City road two miles of White's Tavern. Prisoners taken this a.m. by Tenth Corps report Wright's brigade, of Mahone's division, and Lane's brigade, of Wilcox's division, on General Birney's front; supposed they came over last night. Negro refugee from Richmond says he worked there in a shop where they were making fans to ventilate mines; that fifteen were to be made, and five were done when he left; that some days ago a gang of forty negroes were sent from Richmond to work in mines at Petersburg.

SHARPE,

Colonel.

We believe the two brigades, Wright's and Perrin's, of Mahone's division, to have moved from the enemy's extreme right day before yesterday at 2 p.m., that Heth's division and the two divisions of Beauregard remain here as usual.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. BABCOCK.

CITY POINT, August 16, 1864.

J. C. BABCOCK,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

I refer to W. H. F. Lee's division as having crossed to the north side of the James-the one in which Chambliss, who was killed this morning, and Barringer, were brigade commanders.

SHARPE,

Colonel.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 16, 1864.

Colonel SHARPE,City Point:

Deserters from three different brigades of Mahone's division received this a.m. report that Wright's and Perrin's brigades moved to Drewry's Bluff day before yesterday at 2 p.m. As far as they know Heth's division remained unchanged, though we only hear from Davis' brigade, which is on the right of the division.

J. C. BABCOCK.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT, August 16, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward the following report just received from the signal station near Fifth Corps headquarters:

No movement. No working parties seen. Enemy hauling logs to front. All quiet.

WARTS,

Lieutenant.

The other stations report no changes.

By order:

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. STRYKER,

First Lieutenant, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

