
are strongly I leave it to General Birney's discretion to assault or not. The enemy are strengthening their left, apparently at the expense of their right. General Birney just sends in thirty-four prisoners from the following regiments: Thirty-seventh North Carolina, Thirty-eighth North Carolina, Thirty-third North Carolina, Eighteenth North Carolina, Second Georgia, Tenth Georgia, Sixty-fourth Georgia, Twenty-second Georgia, and Forty-eighth Georgia. He has carried one line and thinks he has their left. He will go forward again. Generals Miles and Gregg report the enemy re-enforcing against them from the direction of the Central road.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

(Copy to General Meade.)
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,August 16, 1864-12.30 p.m.

General GRANT:

Major-General Birney reports to me that he has captured the enemy's ravine line in his front. The enemy are doubling on him, and I am making an attack now on their right to seize the works which they hold thinly. I think we will seize them. The infantry command from Charles City has been ordered in on to General Birney's right, or rather to connect with it, leaving the cavalry to cover the Charles City road and hold their position, if possible.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

(Same to General Meade.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 16, 1864-1 p.m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

The good news from Birney just received. The Thirty-seventh, Twenty-eighth, Thirty-third, and Eighteenth North Carolina all belong to Lane's brigade, Wilcox's division. The Second, Twenty-second, Forty-eight, and Sixty-fourth Georgia belong to Wright's brigade, Mahone's division. The Tenth Georgia belongs to Bryan's brigade, Kershaw's division. Wright's and Perrin's brigades, of Mahone's division, undoubtedly left our front on Saturday, and are now in front of you. It will appear that you have parts of both Kershaw's and Wilcox's divisions, both of whom were reported as having left for the Valley. There is no change of any kind in the enemy opposite to us beyond the withdrawal of Wright's and Perrin's brigades of Mahone's. Deserters in to-day report the other three brigades of Mahone, all of Heth and Beauregard, as still here. There is some confusion about the cavalry in your front. As I understand it, W. H. F. Lee is sometimes called Fitz Lee, the other Lee is Fitzhugh Lee. I suppose the former is in your front; the latter was at Reams' Station yesterday.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

