HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, August 16, 1864-1.30 p.m.

Major-General HANCOCK,Commanding:

GENERAL: The enemy's infantry has attacked General Miles and General Gregg forcibly. Our troops are retiring on the Charles City road, the enemy pressing quite heavily. Generals Miles and Gregg will hold the line of Deep Creek. The enemy attacked on Charles City road. We are now about one mile from Deep Creek and retiring toward that point. I believe the crossing of the road (Charles City) at Deep Creek can easily be held by the troops of General Miles and General Gregg.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. G. MITCHELL,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, August 16, 1864-3.30 p.m.

General GRANT:

Our losses so far as I can ascertain are heavy. Four brigade commanders are reported killed or wounded. I have just returned from General Birney. He has, I think, lost a part of the line he took from the enemy, but he is intrenching the rest, and I have ordered him to retake all of it. I think he is secure. I have forwarded additional troops on his right and left. A considerable portion of Hill's corps is here-how much, I cannot say at this moment. General Birney thinks all of it; but I could not to any of these statements advise credence until I can substantiate them. We have been making a formidable demonstration thus far. I have taken numbers of prisoners from Sanders' brigade, whose presence I reported this morning, and Field's division still remains here on our right, according to the statement of prisoners well disposed to us, who were taken this morning. I have made demonstrations (really attacks) on the enemy's right, but have always found the enemy's entrenchments well manned.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,Major-General.

(Copy to General Meade.)

HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, August 16, 1864-4.15 p.m.

General GRANT:

The force on the Charles City road has been pressed back to this side of Deep Creek by a superior force of infantry; what command is not known. Our troops behaved well, but were driven back by superior numbers. General Gregg is now on the north side of Deep Creek and says he can hold his position. General Miles has returned to General Birney's right flank, and the infantry which attacked him on the Charles City road has moved toward Fussell's Mill, on the enemy's left. I have Richmond papers of the 15th. I can telegraph you some items if you have not seen them, though there is nothing important.

