HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, August 16, 1864-11.20 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

The movement reported this evening by the officer of the day of the right brigade of White's division was discovered by one of his vedettes in the center of his picket-line. The officer then took position and discovered a column moving behind a heavy work due west of Fort Tilton and proceeding parallel to their line until they passed into the woods. Judging from the intervals between the horsemen there were five regiments. After these regiments had disappeared in the woods he saw about a regiment move into the rifle-pits to south of the heavy work before mentioned, and an increase of the picket-line in his front of about fifty men.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, August 16, 1864.

General GREGG:

In order to prevent the enemy's recapturing General Chambliss' body as a trophy in any of the subsequent operations of the day, the major-general commanding thinks you had better send it back in an ambulance. I think if General Chambliss is buried here it might be done on the New Market road, say by the Potteries, putting up a head-board by which the grave could be recognized. General Hancock is sorry to hear of Colonel Gregg's wound, and is glad to hear that you are doing so well.

FRANCIS A. WALKER,Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, August 16, 1864-11 a.m.

General GREGG:

The major-general commanding desires that you will continue to push your reconnaissance as far as you consider it practicable and safe. It will create a diversion certainly, and will compel them to vacate their position here if they do not feel strong.

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 16, 1864-12 m.

Major-General HANCOCK,Commanding:

Yours received. We are going ahead.

Yours, &amp;c.,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

The enemy have some artillery in position near White's Tavern, but I think the movement we are now making will compel the falling back of their force.

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

