HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, August 16, 1864-4.15 p.m.

General GREGG:

If you stay at Deep Creek to-night you can have your subsistence brought forward to that point. The major-general commanding desires that you will hold Deep Creek, if possible.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION, August 16, 1864-4.45 p.m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding:

GENERAL: The enemy in large force (infantry and cavalry) attacked my brigade north of Deep Run, and after a sharp fight compelled it to retire across Deep Run with considerable loss. It was unfortunate that General Miles left me. The enemy are occupying the works north of Deep Run. In front the enemy are quiet, and I cannot discover any of their movements toward my right or left.

Very respectfully,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, August 16, 1864-5 p.m.

General GREGG:

General Miles has connected with General Birney's right. General Birney is going to attack again about this time. You and General Miles should connect your picket-line along that road, and General Miles has been so instructed. Hold on strongly where you are and see that my right flank is protected by skirmishers, or let me know to the contrary. If you require assistance let me know. At the same time, I expect a heavy fight here before night. I would not have called Miles away from you but for the frequent calls of General Birney. We have captured four stand of colors and several hundred prisoners from the enemy. Their loss has been heavy and ours has not been light. We have had four brigade commanders disabled to-day. One of their brigade commanders is dead in our lines up here. If everything is quiet after dark can't you come up to see me?

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., August 16, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Have any men been taken from Wilcox's division within three days? If not, have you any information fixing his presence here within this line?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

