HEADQUARTERS, August 16, 1864-12.05 p.m.

Brigadier-General TURNER,Commanding Line of Defenses:

This afternoon we propose to make a little movement from Deep Bottom and Dutch Gap, so that when you hear the row you will know what it al means. Will you please see that the batteries at the Curtis house and at Crow's Nest be ready to open on the iron-clads if they open; on the Howlett house if it opens, together with the Water Battery, to bear on the Howlett house, or, if possible, on the iron-clads. I will be along by your headquarters as soon as I can, and perhaps get you to go over to Deep Bottom, after the proper dispositions are made on this side. I have ordered the Deep Bottom, after the proper dispositions are made on this side. I have ordered the Deep Bottom dispatch to be taken off for you.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS, August 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General TURNER:

Give Major Ludlow a regiment, which he will ask for, to hold his ground. A force will be transferred there from Hancock's to-morrow, if practicable.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, August 16, 1864.

Colonel CURTIS,

Commanding Brigade:

COLONEL: I am instructed by the brigadier-general to inform you that a movement will be made this afternoon from Deep Bottom and Dutch Gap. The Water Battery, battery at Curtis' house, and battery at Crow's Nest, have been directed to open upon the enemy's iron-clads should they make their appearance and open upon our troops, or upon the Howlett house battery if it opens upon our troops.

Very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

ISRAEL R. SEALY,

Captain, Forty-seventh New York Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS, August 16, 1864-12.05 p.m.

Colonel WOOSTER,

Commanding at Deep Bottom:

Prepare a strong skirmish line of your troops, supported by a line of battle, and make an advance upon the enemy with considerable determination, at least enough to make them develop their forces when you hear the opening of heavy guns at Deep Gap. That opening will be with a 100-pounder rifle, and perhaps some light artillery. Press back

