HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 16, 1864-4 p.m.

Brigadier-General KAUTZ,Commanding Cavalry Division:

I have your dispatch of 1.30 p.m. General Patrick's men will look after the trains and their vicinity. It was expected that small patrols from your command would look after such parties as those referred to would probably be known to the enemy's scouts, as well as the hours when patrolled, unless both are constantly varied, which, I take it, cannot occur with the lines of patrol. It was for the reason that there was no picket-line in rear of the army (unless you have established one within a few days) that these small patrols were suggested. The cavalry pickets ceased near the plank road, about Alley's, and thence over portions of the ground between that and the James. Let me know what part of the line in rear of the army is picketed by you, and what part is patrolled, as I am not certain that I understand fully the meaning of your dispatch in that respect.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, August 16, 1864-5.30 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 4.30 p.m. has been received. There is a continuous picket-line from the left of the army to Cocke's Mill, passing from Doctor Gurley's, near Alley's house, on the plank road, across to Brown's, and by the road by Davenport Church, crossing the Norfolk railroad near Baxter's Mill and on to Mount Sinai Church; thence across beyond Rollins' house and on to Cocke's Mill, where the pickets cease. There is no patrolling, except to suspected points and pursuits after enemy's scouts as circumstances require. No force can get through this line without our knowledge, but scouts and bushwhackers are constantly trying to capture pickets during the night by crawling upon them unawares. Private Wilcox has not made his appearance here. I forgot to mention that his name does not appear among the losses reported, and it is doubted whether he has ever been captured.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 16, 1864-9.45 p.m.

Brigadier-General KAUTZ,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

Major-General Warren, commanding Fifth Corps, is directed to move at 3 o'clock to-morrow morning, by way of the Strong house and the shortest road thence to the Weldon railroad, in the vicinity of its intersection

