HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 17, 1864-2 p.m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT,Commanding, &amp;c.:

GENERAL: I have to acknowledge the receipt of your communication of this date, per Captain Dunn, aide-de-camp. The necessary instructions will be given to Major-General Warren, who will move at 4 a.m. to-morrow. General Kautz will be directed to place two regiments of cavalry (one-half his force) under General Warren's orders. General Warren will be directed to strike the railroad near the enemy's works, but out of range of them. I anticipate no difficulty in General Warren making a lodgment on the railroad, but I think the enemy will send out all his available reserves to endeavor to check the work of destruction. It is not believed he can spare a force sufficient to seriously embarrass General Warren, though he may be able to interrupt his work of destroying the road by keeping to destroy as much of the road as possible, working south, and cautiously to work till recalled, or forced away by the enemy's operations.

Respectfully, yours, &c.,

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., August 17, 1864-10 p.m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding, &c.:

Mahone's division and Bushrod Johnson's old brigade are now north of the James. This leaves the force at Petersburg reduced to what it was when the mine was sprung. Warren may find an opportunity to do more than I had expected.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 17, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The information contained in your telegram of 10 p.m. has been sent to General Warren, and he has been directed to strike the railroad close to the enemy's works, to extend and reconnoiter to the left, and, if he finds weak point, to attack.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT, August 17, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: A dispatch just received from Colonel Sharpe (at Cit Point), of which the following is a copy, is respectfully submitted for the information of the commanding general, viz:

We received here last evening from General Birney 267 prisoners of war, in which there are sixteen officers included, that yesterday a.m. They are from Wright's and Perrin's brigades, of Anderson's division, and Lane's and Conner's brigades, of

