
CITY POINT, August 17, 1864-5 p.m. (Received 9.20 p.m.)

Major-General HANCOCK:

General Barnard and Colonel Comstock have returned and report that no benefit can arise from an advance from the works carried by General Butler last evening. His troops will be withdrawn to Dutch Gap during the night. Your forces will be kept north of the James for some days, during which employ the enemy as you deem best.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, August 17, 1864. (Received 9.50 p.m.)

General GRANT:

In sending in the proposition for flag of truce I addressed it to the commander immediately in front. It was answered by General Field, who has command of this portion of the line (their right) where the flag went. General W. H. F. Lee also, a few minutes since, sent in a message to my extreme right, on the Charles City road, asking for General Chambliss' body. I answered that it would be delivered at Fussell's Mill.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,Major-General.

(Same to General Meade.)
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, August 17, 1864.(Received 10.25 p.m.)

General GRANT:

The dead in front of our lines were removed this p.m. under flag of truce. The wounded had already been removed by the enemy. The flag was at two different places a mile apart, and as far as the intrenchments could be observed in either place they were full. General Gary, of the enemy's cavalry, was present during the removal of the dead. Several inquiries were overhead as to General Anderson's headquarters, and other remarks, showing that he is in our front. His adjutant-general was present. Officers of Lane's brigade were also present. It was also noticed mentioned the part taken by the Tenth Georgia Battalion, and a staff officer says he is confident the Sixty-fourth Georgia was also mentioned, though this regiment does not appear on my roster of Lee's army. There is no doubt but that the enemy have a pretty strong force here to-day. The Richmond papers of to-day, which I will send you as soon as a tug arrives, devote some considerable comment on our affair yesterday. One of them says we attacked on the Charles City road with 30,000 or 40,000 men, including Second, Ninth, and Tenth Corps-Burnside's niggers leading every attack. They also speak of our attack in heavy force near Fussell's Mill.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,Major-General.

(Same to General Meade.)

