
General Turner's late front. The last deserter said it would be fired to-morrow a. m., though he said similar reports were circulated yesterday. The last deserter also states that two brigades arrived this evening and are ousted in or near the railroad (in front of the left of your line) and under the cliffs this side of Petersburg. It may be well to have your men ready for emergencies. You will, therefore, at early daylight to-morrow morning-that is, about 3.30 o'clock to-morrow morning-get all the men in trenches under arms and keep them so until half an hour after daylight. Have your reserve roused, under arms, and ready to move to any point threatened at the same time, and keep them under arms until half an hour after daylight.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

(Same to General A. Ames.)

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. SECOND DIV., EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, Va., August 2, 1864.

Doubt having heretofore existed as to which line should be occupied in case of an attack, the following instructions are published for the information of brigade commanders: A portion of the troops will at all times be posted in the most advanced line. In case of an attack those in the rear will be moved forward and occupy the front line where the stand will be made and the fighting take place.

By command of Brigadier General A. Ames:

CHARLES A. CARLETON,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Petersburg, Va., August 2, 1864.

Major WILLIAM RUSSELL, Jr.,Assistant Adjutant-General, Eighteenth Army Corps:

MAJOR: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your request for information as to the position of the troops of my command and to report that the First Regiment U. S. Colored Troops, of the First Brigade, is doing picket duty on the extreme right of the corps line on the Appomattox River, the right nearly opposite Fort Clifton. The First U. S. Colored Cavalry of the same brigade is distributed in detachments and is doing duty at the corps hospital and guarding quartermaster and commissary stores at the depots. The four infantry regiments of the Second Brigade are in position indicated in orders from corps headquarters yesterday, to wit: Two regiments on General Ames' line in the second line of trenches, and two regiments in reserve in the rear of General Turner's former position. Four companies of the Second U. S. Colored Cavalry, of the Second Brigade, are supporting Dow's battery, and the balance of the regiment is used as guard for trains and quartermaster and commissary stores.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. B. CARR,

Brigadier-General.

