
CITY POINT, August 17, 1864-10.30 p.m.

General HANCOCK:

Warren moves at 4 a.m. by our left to get on to the Weldon road and with instructions to take advantage of any weakness he may discover in the lines of the enemy. This may lead to the withdrawal of troops from our front. Watch closely and take advantage of anything you can.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

SIGNAL STATION, August 17, 1864.

General HANCOCK:

Major Ludlow, of General Butler's staff, with 800 men, landed at Aiken's and marched north, meeting a small brigade of rebels. Had slight skirmish, and, wheeling to the left, took the rifle-pits and deserted battery opposite Dutch Gap. He holds Cox's Mill and the bend forming Cox's farm. General Butler orders him to retire this evening to Dutch Gap, as the retaining of the ridge will need more men than can be spared. The rebel rams are at Cox's Reach opposite the farm, and shelling the ridge with no success. The Howlett battery has opened on the Crow's Nest battery.

SIDNEY B. DE KAY,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp to General Butler.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,No. 212. Deep Bottom, Va., August 17, 1864.

1. Upon the commendation of the medical director of the corps Brigadier General F. C. Barlow, commanding First Division, will at once proceed to the corps hospital at City Point for medical treatment.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

August 17, 1864.

There will be a flag of truce, for the burial of the dead and the removal of the wounded, between the hours of 4 and 6 this p.m. by the Confederate time, which is half an hour slower than our own. Major Mitchell, aide-de-camp, will be at the point designated, and will determine the time. The dead and wounded will be collected by the ambulance department, and no one else will be permitted to communicate or to approach the picket-line. The dead and wounded will be delivered at Fussell's Mill.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

