HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 17, 1864-3 p. m.

Brigadier-General KAUTZ,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

Major-General Warren is ordered to move to-morrow morning at 4 o'clock and endeavor to effect a lodgment upon the Weldon railroad as near to the enemy's entrenchments as practicable, and destroy the road as far south he can. He will take advantage of any weakness he may perceive on the part of the enemy. To aid him in this operation the major-general commanding directs that you place under his orders the brigade of your cavalry (two regiments) picketing from the left of the infantry, which should be provided with the full amount of rations and forage they can carry, and arrangements made to keep up the supply. General warren is directed to take four days' rations and to keep up supplies, should the operation continue longer. Should you accompany the brigade please advise the commanding general. Information derived from prisoners indicates that nearly all the enemy's cavalry have been withdrawn from the so south side of the James.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,August 17, 1864-5 p. m.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have been directed to furnish two regiments of cavalry to report to you. The two regiments now picketing on the left of the army are those indicated in the orders to me. Colonel Lewis, Third New York Cavalry, will be the senior officer. I have sent him an order to report to you for orders. The two regiments will number between 800 and 900 in all. Colonel Lewis's headquarters are near the Jerusalem plank road, at McCann's house. The two regiments are on picket, and extend to the left to near Baxter's Mill, on the Norfolk and Petersburg Railroad. They have been ordered to hold themselves in readiness to march at 4 a. m. to-morrow with three day's rations and two day's forage.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,August 17, 1864-4 p. m.

Colonel S. P. SPEAR,

Commanding Brigade:

The general commanding directs that you cause the First District of Columbia Cavalry to be prepared to move to-morrow morning, 18th instant, at 4 o'clock, provided with ammunition and three day's rations and forage, their pickets to be withdrawn just before the regiment moves. Further instructions will be sent you this evening.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. J. ASCH,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

