
CITY POINT, VA., August 18, 1864-7.40 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

General Hancock will probably send a division to-night. I will let you know as soon as he ascertains if it can be spared. The distance between Hancock and Warren is so great that it would take until 12 to-morrow to transfer troops ;from one to the other, and then they would be too much fatigued to do much. Could not re-enforcements be sent from the Ninth Corps to Warren, if he should want them, and let the Second Corps take their place? If the enemy pile any considerable force against Warren to-morrow they must do it by taking nearly everything from their line in front of the Ninth and eighteenth Corps and must be met ;by an equal reduction of our line.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, August 18, 1864-11.15 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

Tell Warren if the enemy comes out and attacks him in the morning not to hesitate about taking out every man he has to repel it; and not to stop when the enemy is repulsed, but to follow him up to the last. We certainly ought to be satisfied, when we can get the enemy to attack us.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 19, 1864-12.05 a. m.

Major-General WARREN:

The foregoing dispatch, just received, is sent to you for your information, as desired by the lieutenant-general commanding.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 18, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: No deserters or prisoners of war have come in to-day. I will inquire immediately if any have come in at the Ninth Corps. One deserter from Sixth Virginia Infantry came in yesterday from General Crawford's headquarters, where he had been since Saturday last. There were others from his brigade who came into our lines at the same time he did, and all information which he might have given was reported at the time by other members of his regiment. General Crawford kept him for the purpose of having him point out certain batteries in the enemy's works, the location of which are all know by the engineer department at these headquarters. He brings nothing new.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McENTEE,

Captain, &c.

