HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,August 18, 1864-11 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Everything is quiet. At [this] time I am changing my line a little, the general direction being that of the New Market road. By withdrawing my right I have taken out a division and still have a heavy force on my right, with which I shall make a demonstration on the Charles City road to-morrow. The enemy attacked with considerable force on general Birney's right just above Fussell's Mill, but were repulsed. They attacked Gregg on the roads coming in from White Oak Swamp and drove him, though he still holds the intersection of the Charles City and Malvern Hill roads, the enemy holding between the cross-road and Deep Bottom Creek. I shall clear out whatever may be there in the morning.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,August 18, 1864-11.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The last report I had from the enemy to-night was one that came from the picket-line just after their repulse, to the effect they were moving at double-quick toward my right.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

August 18, 1864-7.30 p. m.

The following disposition of troops are ordered for to-night: Colonel Smyth, commanding Second Division, will relieve the pickets of General Mott's division, and will hold the line from the Potteries, on the New Market and Malvern Hill road, to the right. The First Division, Brigadier-General Miles commanding, to hold the line from Colonel Smyth's right along the New Market and Long Bridge road, occupying as much of the old entrenchments as he can hold. The Tenth Corps, Major-General Birney, will take position on General Miles' right, occupying the heights about the Ruffin house and crossing the New Market and Long Bridge road. The picket lines of the Second and First Divisions will remain as established now. General Birney will establish a line from General Miles' right, taking in the high ground near the Turner house and extending the front of his position at Ruffin's house and connecting with the cavalry. General Gregg, commanding cavalry, will cover the Charles City road as far to the front as practicable, and watching the roads to the right and rear. On being relieved by the Second Division, General Mott will move with his division to the vicinity of Petersburg, reporting to General Meade. These arrangements to go into effect at once, so as to complete the movement to-night.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

F. A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

