HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,Near Deep Bottom, Va., August 18, 1864-6.30 p. m.

Brigadier-General MILES,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that you withdraw from the right one of your brigades and place it near its former position on the line, notifying General Birney as you do so.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[AUGUST 18, 1864.]

Colonel SMYTH,

Commanding Second Division:

You will please relieve at once the picket-line of General Mott's division. General Miles will, during the night, relieve a portion of your right, so as to equalize more nearly details.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Chief of Staff.

This only includes the line in General Mott's front, and not the one on the Malvern Hill road.

M.

AUGUST 18, 1864. (Received 8.20 p. m.)

General Mott:

The major-general commanding directs that you command in march for the vicinity of Petersburg as soon as possible, reporting your arrival to Major-General Meade. Your picket-line will be relieved by Colonel Smyth's division. The brigade near the bridge-head may be relieved by you, so as to place it last in march, if it is not previously relieved by other troops. It is hoped the road you are to take to the Appomattox will be lighted. You will try and get your division across the bridge at the Appomattox before daylight.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,August 18, 1864-4 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I was exceedingly pleased with my instructions for the movement I am just starting upon. I have shown them to some of my division commanders and all alike are pleased. We'll do the best we can, you may rest assured,and will never ask anyone under them to stand the responsibility of a possible failure. I propose to send a message regularly once an hour; oftener if interesting.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

