HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,August 18, 1864-2.50 a. m.

General HUMPHREYS:

Generals Willcox and Ferrero report that cannonading began on our right by the enemy and extended to the left. But little musketry during the shelling. No report yet from of our line.

J. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., August 18, 1864-9 a. m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to inclose copy of report of general of the trench. All is quiet on my front this morning. About 1.30 o'clock this morning a heavy artillery fire was opened from both sides. It commenced on the right by the enemy, and gradually worked to the left until the entire front was engaged. From the new works of the enemy in front of the Third Division heavy mortar wells were thrown. This firing lasted, with more or less fury, until 3.30 o'clock. In the early part of the evening kept up an active musketry fire on the Division front. During the cannonading the rebel infantry fired a few shots in front of Second Division. General Potter, commanding Second Division, reports that his vedettes were warned by the enemy not to be alarmed if shells should fall in our lines before morning, as they intended shelling the negroes.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

Will send list of casualties as soon as a report is received.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 18, 1864-10.30 a. m.

Major-General PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

The major-general commanding wishes to know whether you have ascertained anything further as to the probable cause of the cannonading during the night, and also about the number of casualties that were incurred from it.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to General Ord.)
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,August 18, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

Nothing definite has been ascertained as to the cause of the cannonading. General Potter reports that enemy's pickets warned ours yesterday

