HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,August 18, 1864-6.30 p. m.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

The following dispatch just received from Captain Gowan, of my staff. I sent him out to establish the connection between General Warren and my left.

JOHN G. PARKE,

Major-General.

Major-General PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Army Corps:

GENERAL: I have just seen General Warren and find his right too distant for us to connect with. He is on the railroad at the Blick house. We are now moving that portion of General White's brigade that was refused forward, keeping the right of the brigade fast. When this is done our left will be about a mile or a mile and a half from General W[arren]s' right. This interval is picked by cavalry. This is the best we can do. I explained to General Warren how far we could come; he appeared satisfied, and said the cavalry would keep ut the connection. General W[arren] does not seem to be very heavily engaged. There is a little firing now.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO, W. GOWAN,

Acting Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 18, 1864-8.15 p. m. (Received 8.30 p. m.)

Major-General PARKE:

A division of the Second Corps will be sent to-night from Deep Bottom to relieve some of your troops, which will be used to re-enforce Major-General Warren. The major-General commanding directs that you be prepared to withdraw one of your divisions and to send it to General Warren upon the arrival of the division of the Second Corps, which may not reach you until after daylight. The troops you send should have four days' rations on the person, some ambulances, some ammunition wagons, and proper proportion of entrenching tools. The commanding general desires that you will have in view the necessity that may arise of sending additional re-enforcements to General Warren from your lines should the enemy withdraw largely from their lines to attack him.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 18, 1864-8.45 p. m.

Major-General PARKE:

General Mott's division is ordered to relieve a part of your troops. His division is about 5,000 strong. A staff officer from here will be sent you to learn at what points General Mott shall come up to your lines and then meet General Mott and conduct him.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

