
to yours in front of the large redoubt in the morning, if I can. Please have your picket-line informed of the probability of my men approaching in that vicinity.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

(Copy to General Humphreys.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 18, 1864-11 p. m.

Major-General WARREN:

I will send you at least 1,500 men in the morning. I propose starting them at 3 a. m., if relieved in season. I will notify General White, in command of my left division, of your intention in reference to the picket-line.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,August 18, 1864-11.15 p. m.

Brigadier-General WHITE,

Commanding Division:

GENERAL: Accompanying please find copy of a dispatch* received from General Warren. Will you please notify the officers commanding on your left of the general's intention in reference to the picket-line. Please have your command prepared to march to re-enforce General Warren to-morrow morning, in case you are relieved by other troops. Your troops should have four day's rations on their persons, and the men supplied with ammunition. A few ambulances should be taken along. If you are relieved it will be by a portion of General Mott's division, of the Second Corps, which will probably reach this place by daylight. Lieutenant-Colonel Coale, chief commissary has ordered rations and will have hem ready for distribution by 6 o'clock to-morrow morning.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

P. S. - Instead of carrying extra ammunition on the persons of the men take it in wagons. Take also a proper proportion of entrenching tools.

J. G. P.,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION,August 18, 1864-8 a. m.

Captain HUTCHINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that in the early part of the evening the enemy kept up an active musketry fire on my front. At about 1.30 a. m. a furious cannonading broke out, beginning on the right shot and shell being thrown at the batteries and rifle-pits, mostly 12-pounders, from nine points visible from Roemer's battery. Roemer,

---------------

*See Warren to Parke, 10 p. m., p. 283.

---------------

