HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,August 18, 1864-8 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Since receiving your order requiring me to send another regiment to General Warren I have learned that he has only availed himself of a portion of one of the two already directed to report to him. The First District of Columbia has not moved, and only a portion of the Third New York has gone. I notified General Warren that Colonel Lewis had been directed to report to him with two regiments, and he replied that the would communicate his orders to Colonel Lewis as his command moved out past Colonel Lewis headquarters, which are immediately upon the Jerusalem plank road. Your orders have been properly transmitted so far as my command is concerned, and the third regiment has been directed to report to General Warren.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,August 18, 1864.

Colonel S. P. SPEAR,

Commanding Second Brigade, Cavalry Division:

I am instructed by the general commanding to inform you that the Third New York, First District of Columbia and Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry were placed at the disposal of General Warren, who can make such disposition of them as he wishes. If the First District of Columbia is needed be you General Warren's order is all that is necessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. J. ASCH,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

August 19, 1864-2 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point:

The President directs me to express his gratification at your success in pushing across and seizing the Weldon road. He thinks that a heavy blow to the enemy if you are able to hold it, as he hopes you will.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, August 19, 1864-10 a. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. Grant:

One of General Augur's scouts insists that Longstreet's corps and Fitzhugh Lee's cavalry have passed through Culpeper on their way to join Early. The information derived from this man has heretofore proved very reliable. If this be true, the enemy is too strong for Sheridan.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

