
CITY POINT, VA., August 19, 1864-7.30 p. m.

(Received 2.40 p. m. 20th.)

Major-General Halleck,

Washington, D. C.:

Our troops are firmly fixed across the Weldon road. There has been little or no fighting to-day, either south of Petersburg or north of James River. Warren reports that the enemy's dead in considerable numbers were found in his front this morning unburied. General Birney telegraphs General butler, as follows:
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,August 19, 1864.

The enemy attacked my line in heavy force last night and were repulsed with great loss. In front of one colored regiment eighty-two dead bodies of the enemy are assault was in column, one division strong, and would have carried works not so well defended. The enemy's loss was at least 1,000.

Respectfully,

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General.

We have had a great deal of rain about Petersburg this week and a very grateful change in the temperature.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., August 19, 1864- 8 p. m.

(Received 2.50 p. m. 20th.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK:

Fitz Lee's cavalry and Kershaw's division, of Longstreet's corps, have gone from here to the Valley. No other troops have gone, and with the present distribution of troops here the enemy is much more likely to withdraw from the Valley than to send more there. The enemy's loss here this week in licked, wounded, and captured cannot fall much short of 4,000 if it does not exceed this number. They are now so extended that they are forced to keep every man on the watch, and from accounts of prisoners are running their men to death shifting them from one place to another. Sheridan has a force about equal to the enemy, and if the latter advances will have him at an advantage.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., August 19, 1864-9 p. m.

(Received 3 p. m. 20th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

The enemy came out this evening on Warren's right, driving in the pickets connecting between him and the left of our old line on the Jerusalem plank road and forcing back the two right divisions of Warren's corps. A heavy fight took place, resulting in the re-establishing of our lines and the capture of a good many prisoners The prisoners were from Heth's, Mahone's, and Hoke's divisions. We also lost considerably in prisoners.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

