
and Clingman's brigades, of Hoke's division. Clingman's brigade was relieved by Ransom's brigade, of Johnson's division, this morning about 10 o'clok, and marched down the railroad. Prisoners state that the two mentioned are all the brigades of Hoke's division which have left their old position. They also state held that Clingman's Colquitt's, and Mahone's brigades made a charge on the left flank of the Fifth Corps this afternoon about 3 o'clock. Up to the time they were captured the enemy had only driven in or captured our skirmish line. They know of no troops having arrived from the north side of the Appomattox. One of the prisoners said he saw General D. H. Hill near the lead-works this morning; another prisoner thinks that he is on General Beauregard's staff.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McENTEE,

Captain, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 19, 1864.

Colonel SHARPE,

City Point, Va.:

Heth's division and Colquitt's brigade are now in front of Fifth Corps on railroad below lead-works. Calquitt's is only brigade of Hoke's division which moved yesterday. Dearing's cavalry, composed of Seventh Confederate, Sixty-second Georgia, and Fourth North Carolina, together with Barringer's cavalry brigade, ar also in front of fifth Corps. Deserter from Sixth Virginia,who went on picket night of 17th, states that Mahone's brigade was then in our front, and that Wright's and Perrins's are the only brigades of Mahone's division away from here.

J. McENTEE,

Captain, &c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 19, 1864-11 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL; Twenty-two prisoners of war, in which two officers are included, have just arrived from the Fifth Corps. They are from Colquitt's, Clingman's, and Mahone's brigades, and report nothing in addition to last report.

Very respectfully,

J. McENTEE,

Captain, &c.

PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

August 19, 1864-6.30 a. m.

Major FISHER:

A few stragglers passing to our left on line of Weldon railroad. All quiet. Camps unchanged.

H. W. FULTON,

Sergeant.

