HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,August 19, 1864.

General GRANT:

Your dispatch is received. I had almost completed my preparations for attack and hoped to be successful, but with the proviso that a division of infantry had been withdrawn by the enemy. With their force not dimished I should anticipate a severe fight after carrying the line, without any advantage on my side, as my force would be considerably disorganized by the assault. I suppose I could fight 14,000 men, of which 3,000 are on picket, not including Gregg's remaining brigade of cavalry. after reading your dispatch I have concluded not to assault in the morning, but to perfect my arrangements and take advantage of any weakening of the enemy hereafter. The rain to-night softens the ground so where I wish to place artillery in close proximity to the enemy, making it very difficult to move 12-pounders, and I am, therefore, willing to postpone for this additional reason. These pieces have to be put in position by hand. Gregg has 1,600 cavalry here.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., August 19, 1864 - 9.30 p. m.

(Received 10.40 p. m.)

Major-General HANCOCK:

Hoke's, Heth's, and Mahones' divisions came out and attacked Warren this evening. A heavy fight ensued, with considerable loss in prisoners captured on each side. As we understand, Johnson's division it also at Petersburg. This leaves Wilcox, Pickett, and Field, with the possibility of part of Pickett's division gone to the Valley, to guard from Petersburg to the James and to confront you on the north side.

There must be a weak point somewhere.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

(Copy to General Butler.)
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,August 19, 1864 - 10.40 p. m. (Receive 11.50 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Your dispatch is received. According to my information, which is necessarily imperfect, Field and Wilcox are here, and Wright's brigade, of Wilcox's division. These troops must number nearly as many men as I have, now that Mott is absent. From what General Birney informed me last night, I imagined that Pickett had left General Butler's front. I shall try and avoid being deceived here by the enemy weakening materially their force, and am willing to try whether the weak point is here or not.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

