HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,August 19, 1874 - 11 p. m.

General GRANT:

That you may know exactly how matters are here, I will say that I consider a much larger force necessary here for the offensive than for the defensive; and though I should have to contract my lines, I can still spare a division of Tenth Corps and maintain a respectable show here. This is sent you on the supposition that you really feel desirous of calling for some of my force, as I have not been able to force the enemy here yet.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,August 19, 1864 - 12 m.

General GRANT:

Richmond Examiner of to-day has following telegram:

PETERSBURG, August 18, 1964.

A force of the Fifth Corps of the enemy, assisted by cavalry, broke through our cavalry lines and succeeded in reaching the Weldon railroad just above Six-Mile Station, tearing up a portion of the road, some say as much as two miles. H. H. Walker's and Davis' (Mississippi) brigades coming on the raiders, a sharp fight ensued, the result of which is not fully ascertained. One hundred and fifty-eight prisoners, including eight officers captured in the fight, have arrived here. The enemy is in retreat by the latest advices. The prisoners say the movement had a twofold object, to draw troops from our front, in order if possible to charge on works, and, secondly, to break the road. General Frank Gardner has been assigned to the Defenses of Mobile. Two thousand men are reported as having advanced from Pensacola toward Mobile.

I will send you the paper by the mail-boat in the morning.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 19, 1864 - 8.45 a. m. (Received 9.45 a. m.)

Major General W. S. HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

General Warren had a sharp engagement with the enemy yesterday afternoon, but held his position, which is on the Weldon railroad, about a mile this side of the Blick house. The enemy were re-enforcing in front of Warren all yesterday afternoon and last night. General Mott's division relieved a portion of the Ninth Corps this morning, and the troops so relieved have gone to Warren. Nothing decisive has as yet resulted from the movement of the Fifth Corps. At about 2 a. m. last night the enemy opened from several of his batteries in front of the Ninth and Eighteenth Corps. All is quiet now.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CONFIDENTIAL HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

CIRCULAR. August 19, 1864 - 11.30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General Grant desires an assault made on some part of the line to-day. Commanding officers will therefore satisfy themselves how many troops they can spare for such a purpose, whether on their

