
the Ninth Corps. If the enemy can be pushed back nearer to the leadworks so as to shorten the line connecting with the left of the Ninth Corps it is desirable that it should be done.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,August 19, 1864 - 11 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I think with the force you are sending me it will be safe to trust me to hold on to the railroad. I have been all the morning endeavoring to get pu a proper connection with the Ninth Corps as close to Petersburg as possible, and have met no obstacle except the denseness of the woods, which seems, to be a great difficulty to the officers in charge of the line. We are, however, progressing. The enemy left a good many dead on the ground we fought on yesterday. There are some indications that his main force has been withdrawn to Petersburg defenses, leaving a thin line in his intrenchments here. I am making every exertion to ascertain this. The destruction of the railroad depends so much upon the ability to burn the ties that it looks unpromising now.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 19, 1864 - 12.10 p. m.

Major-General WARREN:

Your telegram of 11 a. m. just received. General Humphreys is absent. At it is now determined to maintain our lodgment on the railroad, its destruction becomes a matter of secondary importance. There is some delay in relieving Parke's troops, owing to the covered way being filled with water. He is ordered to send them to you by brigades as fast as relieved. Is there not a shorter road for the infantry to move than by the Williams house? I am now on my way to visit you.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 19, 1864 - 4 p. m.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

A dispatch from Lieutenant-General Grant to the major-general commanding, dated 3 p. m., states a brigade of cavalry had been ordered to report to you and that 200 railroad men have been sent to you to destroy the railroad.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

