
his breast-works. I wish you would use every exertion to make out the real state of the case. I will send Hayes' dispatch* to Crawford with the same request I make of you.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,August 19, 1864 - 9.25 a. m.

Brigadier-General AYRES,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding thinks you had better try and push the enemy's pickets, so as to see as far ahead as you can, and let him know as soon as practicable what is the result.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,

August 19, 1864.

The brigadier-general commanding division directs that the above order be executed at once, and the result reported.

By command of Brigadier-General Ayres:

GEO. L. CHOISY,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

Colonel Dushane will keep up the connection with the pickets on his right.

By command of Brigadier-General Ayres:

GEO. L. CHOISY,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,August 19, 1864 - 1.10 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel F. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report sharp picket-firing on Colonel Lyle's front for a short time. It has ceased. From all information that can be gained it is believed that the enemy's line of battle is along the woods beyond the corn-field. It is supposed the picket-fire is suspended to allow us to bury their and our dead. I ordered that done and a list of the numbers sent in. My operations of yesterday terminated satisfactorily in the repulse of the enemy's attempt to drive us from this position. I state this, as it may be thought by some because my line temporarily broke that I was repulsed. When the attack was made I was on the defensive. It was the enemy's attack. My picket-line has been pushed to the front of the woods. That is a better position for it than where it was yesterday; it then being in a corn-field had a very limited field of vision. When it fell back (the Twelfth U. S. Infantry composed it) it brought off all its wounded.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. AYRES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

---------------

* See Hayes to Choisy, 9 a. m., p.313.

---------------

