HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, August 19, 1864 - 8.30 p. m.

(Received 9.30 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

I have no positive evidence of Pickett's division lately. That a portion of it withdrew on Monday and Tuesday I have no doubt, because some dismounted cavalry was among a portion of the picket-line in our front; but yesterday afternoon troops came back into the rebel lines who had been there before, because on of the captains in talking with an officer of the picket-line stated to me a circumstance which happened to his company two weeks ago. I believe that but a brigade or two of Pickett's division is before us. I am surprised at your information that Field's division is not here. Most of the prisoners captured by the Tenth Corps were from brigades of that division. The Richmond Sentinel, which I sent you yesterday, speaks of Benning's brigade and another which I do not recollect, both of which are in Field's division, having made a charge on our lines on Wednesday. You will see by the intercepted signal message of the rebels that Lane's brigade is near the Appomattox.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,August 19, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States:

GENERAL: From all I can hear the colored troops belonging to the Ninth Army Corps have been very much demoralized by loss of officers and by their repulse of the 30th. I would respectfully suggest that the arrangement which was spoken of earlier in the season may be carried out and they be assigned to me to take the place of the 100-days' men who are going home. Perhaps, by adding them to the Eighteenth Corps, we can get in condition by and by to start that corps out in an efficient manner upon the expedition suggested. For long marches in the enemy's country I much prefer colored troops; there are with them no stragglers. Allow me to suggest whether the Ninth Corps, under the circumstances, might not be added to the Fifth and Tenth, as it has substantially lost its corps organization, and we might dispose of a troublesome question now pending.

I have the honor to be, very truly yours,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 19, 1864 - 10 p. m.

General BUTLER:

Warren, in occupying yesterday the Weldon railroad, was attacked by the enemy. Some confusion existed at first by the partial giving way of the Maryland Brigade, of Ayres' division, that were out-flanked. This was corrected and the enemy handsomely repulsed, Warren establishing himself in the railroad within about a mile of the

