
enemy's fortifications. To-day he was re-enforced by a portion of the Ninth Corps relieved by Mott's division, but about 4 p. m. the enemy, having moved between Warren's position and the plank road, attacked him sharply in front and flank. Warren was obliged at first to withdraw his line to cover his flank, but as soon as he had executed this maneuver he attacked the enemy, driving him in disorder back, and re-establishing his former line. The losses are reported heavy on both sides. General Hayes, commanding Regular Brigade, is missing.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

(Same to General Hancock.)

DUTCH GAP, August 19, 1864 - 8 a. m.

General BUTLER:

Shelling last night by a light gun battery to the northwest. No damage done.

LUDLOW,

Major.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA, CHIEF ENGINEER'S OFFICE,August 19, 1864 - 10 a. m.

Captain LUBEY,

Commanding Pontoon Bridge, Deep Bottom:

Commence immediately to build the approaches for a second pontoon bridge just above the one below Four-Mile Creek, taking the pontoon bridge brought up by Captain Henderson. As soon as the approaches are all ready send me word. You will then be instructed to build the bridge, so that it will be ready for use by 7 o'clock this evening. It may be necessary for the roadways on the other side to be repaired, so that the passage over the two bridges will not interfere with each other. In this case, and in any other, if you wish a detail of infantry to aid you apply to the commanding officer in your vicinity for aid by order of General Butler, showing this dispatch if necessary for that purpose. Answer if this can all be done.

PETER S. MICHIE,

First Lieutenant, U. S. Engineers, Acting Chief Engineer.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

August 19, 1864.

The following dispatch received from the major-general commanding the department is promulgated for the information of this command:

AUGUST 14, 1864.

Major-General BIRNEY:

Dispatch received. All honor to the brave Tenth Army Corps. These four guns will make a gap in the enemy's line by which I trust you will go through. You have done more than was expected of you by the lieutenant-general.

B. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.

By order of Major-General Birney:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

