HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 20, 1864 - 1.45 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Your telegram of 1.10 received. The working party referred to passed here at 9.30 a. m. and are without doubt now with Warren, but, I fear, like Gregg's cavalry, they will report themselves exhausted and unfit for service from long marching. The roads are very bad and very trying to man and horse. Hancock will not probably be here before 8 or 9 to-morrow morning, nd will then also be tired and exhausted. I propose to detain him on the plank road and let him hold as far to the left of that road as practicable, thus freeing the Ninth Corps to operate with Warren on the Weldon railroad and covering the left flank. If the idea of extending beyond the Weldon railroad is entertained, it is absolutely essential a strongly fortified line should be constructed and held between that railroad and the Jerusalem plank road. Hancock can make such line to meet the line now held by Warren and part of the Ninth Corps. At it is made and strengthened Hancock can extend to the line and free more of the Ninth or Fifth Corps. If such line is not made any force on the railroad is liable to have both flanks turned. With this line the enemy will be compelled to maneuver on our left flank, where we can collect available reserves to meet him.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., August 20, 1864 - 3.40 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Richmond papers of to-day claim to have captured 2,000 prisoner form Warren. Is not this far above his estimate? What number did Warren capture, and what does he estimate the loss of the enemy at?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 20, 1864 - 8.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Warren's return of casualties for the 18th shows 392 missing. His report this morning, which I forwarded to you, gave 1,500 as all the losses of his corps yesterday, but did not discriminate between the killed, wounded, and missing. I have sent your telegram to him with directions to let me know the missing in his corps and the Ninth on the

