
20th. His losses, I know, from reports of others, were nearly all in prisoners. No succinct report of the affair has been made, and I have sent you all I have received.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, August 20, 1864 - 12 noon.

QUARTERMASTER-GENERAL:

Cavalry horses are needed to mount dismounted men. I will in from you shortly how many as soon as Generals Gregg and Kautz can be heard from. I had asked for 500, part of which have been received. Please cause more to be sent at once, if possible. Both these generals are doing successful fighting on the Weldon road, and if kept well supplied now with horses may be able soon to strike the Danville road.

INGALLS.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OR THE POTOMAC,August 20, 1964 - 1.30 p. m.

Colonel G. H. SHARPE,

City Point:

Deserter from Finegan, who came in this a. m., states that Wright's and Sanders' brigades returned from other side of James on night of 18th instant. I understand the following to be the position of the enemy's troops: Mahone's, Harris', Perrin's, Wright's, Colquitt's, Clingman's, Fry's and Davis' brigades, in front of the Fifth Corps; Ransom relieved Clingman; Cooke and Kirkland are still in the trenches; Finegan with balance of Beauregard's command still occupy their old positions.

J. McENTEE,

Captain, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,August 20, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: A deserter from Richardson's battery of Washington Artillery, just examined, states substantially as follows: He left his battery this morning about 10 o'clock, and walked into our lines near the plank road. The Washington Artillery is a present stationed in the enemy's advanced fort on their right of the plank road. There are six guns (four howitzers and two rifled guns) in that fort. The guns are removed from that position every night and taken in rear of the main line of works. They are returned about 3 a. m. every day. Informant states that the three brigades of Mahone's division, viz, Sanders', Harris', and Wright's, which were on the north side of James River, returned to our front yesterday evening. This is confirmed by a prisoner form the Fourteenth Alabama Regiment, who was sent in by Fifth Corps to-day.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McENTEE,

Captain, &c.

