HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,City Point, Va., August 20, 1864.

Captain H. W. SLOSSON,

Commanding Company D, Fifteenth New York Vol. Engineers:

You will proceed with eighty men and the two officers of your company on charge of the raft now making up to Broadway Landing on the Appomattox, where you will lay you bridge. You will be careful not to go up the river far enough to be seen by the enemy until after dark. You will take tin lanterns with you, taking care that they shall not be seen. In order to prevent this keep a man between the light and the enemy. To-morrow morning you will leave your two lieutenants and sixty men in charge of the bridge, and return yourself with the balance of your command to this place. The men who are to remain will take two days' rations with them. A tug will be in readiness to take you up the river between 5 and 5.30 this p. m. It is excepted that the bridge will be laid before 9.30 p. m.

By order of Brigadier General H. V. Benham:

CHANNING CLAPP,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,City Point, Va., August 20, 1864.

Lieutenant F. S. LIVINGSTON, Aide-de-Camp:

As soon as General Hancock's troops have crossed the bridge at Broadway Landing you will cause it to be rafted and brought here again with Captain Slosson's company, retaining the tug you have with you for this purpose.

By order of Brigadier General H. W. Benham:

CHANNING CLAPP,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,August 20, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Reports from General Gregg as to losses, &amp;c., have not been received beyond that of last night. The following are the numbers of missing, including stragglers and those supposed to be captured, exclusive of the cavalry operating on this side of the river (this includes the 14th instant). Missing, unaccounted for, 9 officers and 540 men; supposed to be captured, 7 officers and 363 men. The report of the cavalry as to men and horses will be furnished you as soon as received. The losses were given by General Gregg last night, and are supposed to be correct. They were trifling.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,August 20, 1864.

General GRANT, City Point:

The following is General Gregg's report of men and horses missing, corrected from that of last night. I send it that the report may be complete: Men, 36; horses, 35. The greater part of these horses were

