
swamped in Deep Creek and abandoned. It is not known whether any of them lived to be extricated by the enemy. While in the swamp many were shot.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, August 20, 1864 - 9.40 a. m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

You may withdraw from the north of the river to-night, marching by way of Bermuda Hundred and across the Appomattox at the pontoon bridge back to your old camp. Leave Corps to cover the crossing of the Second Corps and cavalry. After you are entirely out of the way, the Tenth Corps will return to their places at once, or may take up a shorter line and hold it until to-morrow night, as you and General Birney may deem most advisable. If anything through the day should give you an advantage where you are, this order will not be observed.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,August 20, 1864 (Received 10.45 a. m.)

General GRANT:

A deserter from Forty-fourth Alabama, Law's brigade, Field's division, came in this morning. He states that the enemy have one brigade in single rank and seven or eight guns on the high hill on the New Market road to the right and left. Their troops are deployed in the usual order; does not know of any change in troops. He saw a brigade moving to our right a little before dark last night, but does not know where they came from or who they were. Says the talk among the men is that two divisions are there, and that there is no doubt but what Kershaw's division had gone to Early, but they are looking for it back. Think Pickett is still across the James. His regiment has about 100 muskets; started with nearly 900, many of whom have deserted. Says Alabama is full of deserters. His regiment was under marching orders night before last, during the firing at Petersburg. He knows that this morning, besides all of Field's division, Sanders', late Perrin's, brigade, and Wright's brigade, of Mahone's division, are there; also McGowan's brigade, of Wilcox's division. General Lee was there the evening the enemy attacked General Birney. From his account this attack was a general affair, the whole line being under orders to advance if the attack on our right was successful. He says they knew that he Tenth Corps and part of the Second Corps are here.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

(Same to General Meade.)
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,August 20, 1864 - 12.10 p. m.

General GRANT:

Is there a pontoon bridge at Bermuda Hundred? I am ordered to march to Bermuda Hundred, but it is not stated whether a bridge has been thrown there or whether I am to cross at Point of Rocks.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK.

