
get through to-night. The road is horrible, in many places being knee-deep with water on account of the train. Unless there is some pressing military necessity, the command ought to stop here and go on to-morrow night. Not more than one-half of them will get over the Appomattox by daylight. One train is taking that upper bridge, which was not the order.

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel, &amp;c.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

August 20, 1864.

The following movements of troops are directed:

1. At dark the First Division, Second Corps, Brigadier-General Miles commanding, will move to the road running from near the cross-roads opposite the center of his division to the lower pontoon bridge and cross the James; thence across the Appomattox to its old camp near the Deserted House.

2. The Second Division, Colonel Smyth commanding, will move by the New Market and Long Bridge road, following closely after the First Division, from the Gate Posts, and returning to its old camp near the Southall house.

3. The Tenth Corps at dark will move from its present position by the road to be indicated by a staff officer from these headquarters, and will mass in the clear ground next the bridge, remaining in position to cover the bridge until the withdrawal of the Second Corps and cavalry.

4. The cavalry, Brigadier-General Gregg commanding, will move at dark by way of Strawberry Plains to the bridge, crossing immediately after Second Corps, and reporting to Major-General Meade, Army of the Potomac.

5. The artillery now on this side of the river, assigned to divisions Second Corps, will move with the divisions. The remaining batteries now on the south side of the river will be conduced to their former camps near the Deserter House by the chief of artillery, moving promptly at dark.

6. All wagons and ambulances now with the troops will cross the bridge in rear of the commands to which they belong. Second Corps headquarters train will move in rear of the First Division train.

7. The train of the Second Corps, now on the south side of the river, will move out at dark, following the corps artillery, under charge of Captain McEntee, assistant quartermaster, and cross the Appomattox at Point of Rocks. This train must not obstruct the march of troops.

8. The cavalry pickets will be withdrawn in time to cross the river with their command. General Gregg will notify Major-General Birney before withdrawing his cavalry.

9. The infantry pickets will be withdrawn at 10 p. m.

10. Major-General Birney will resume his former position at Bermuda Hundred, after crossing the James.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

22 R R-VOL XLII, PT II

