
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

August 20, 1864.

There are two bridges for the use of the troops crossing the James River to-night. The order for recrossing is so far modified as to direct that the First and Second Divisions, Second Cross, cross the right-hand (upper) bridge, followed by their transportation now on this side of the river. The cavalry cross the left-hand (lower) bridge. The bridge, unless the approaches to the lower one are made practicable. After the cavalry have passed General Birney can make use of both bridges to cross his corps. After crossing the infantry will keep to the right, giving the left of the road to the cavalry.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 20, 1864 - 9.10 a. m.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

The commanding general is desirous of learning the condition of affairs with you-whether you attacked this morning and with what result.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,August 20, 1864 - 9.20 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

Your dispatch received. General Warren is out on the line at present. I have the honor to report that all was quiet at daybreak this morning, and since that hour there has been only a little picket-firing. The enemy are still where they were last night.

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

August 20, 1864 - [10 a. m.]

General MEADE:

General Ayres lost about 400 men; General Crawford, 800; General Cutler, about 300. I am getting the troops in order for fighting in case they attack again and assemble them in reserves. I do not think with our present force we can hold a line across where I established the picket-line yesterday. Nearly all my losses were occasioned by being turned on my right in the woods. The present picket-line runs east and west nearly be the Strong house. I will endeavor to re-establish the picket-line I had yesterday. I believe the enemy has retired into his defenses again, leaving out only a picket, or it may be preparing for another demonstration somewhere. The cavalry from General Gregg's division are just arriving. Shall I send them down to Reams' Station? I believe they are enough to drive away the enemy there, and

