HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,August 20, 1864 - 5.45 p. m.

General AYRES:

I hear from General Humphreys, too, that some force has been seen going out from Petersburg to-day. The same was seen yesterday. They may design to attack us again to-day and try the left this time, or they may be extending their entrenchments to the left to keep us from investing Petersburg.

G. K. WARREN.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,August 20, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that the work of throwing down the breast-works in our front will be finished, and a slashing made up to (or near) the picket-line, by midnight or thereabouts. Colonel Hofmann will also be in position and entrenched by that time. I desire to know where I shall encamp my division, as but a small portion of it will be required in the line of the artillery around my headquarters.

Very respectfully,

R. B. AYRES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,No. 45. August 20, 1864.

1. The Fifteenth Regiment New York Artillery is hereby assigned temporarily to the First Brigade, and the commanding officer of the regiment will report without delay to Colonel Frederick Winthrop, commanding brigade.

By command of Brigadier-General Ayres:

GEO. L. CHOISY,

First Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS, 2nd Brigadier, 2 D DIV., 5TH ARMY CORPS,No. 111. August 20, 1864.

I. Major Mobley being wounded in the battle of the 18th instant, while gallantly leading his regiment, thus leaving the regiment without a field officer, Lieutenant-Colonel Barrett, Fourth Maryland Volunteers, is assigned to the command of the Seventh Maryland Volunteers. The men of this regiment are as good and faithful as any in the brigade, but have become sadly demoralized because of the inefficiency and want of attention on the part of some of the line officers. It gives me pleasure to say that there are some honorable exceptions to this censure. Lieutenant-Colonel Barrett will have occasion to use all his well-known firmness and discretion in the effort to bring this regiment back to its former efficiency, and to this end he will report to these headquarters all officers who do not freely and fully do their duty. This order will be read at the head of the regiment at its first dress-parade after its reception.

II. In case we are attacked again the commanding officers must take pains to control their men firing, and, if possible, fire by front and rear

