HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, August 20, 1864.

Major-General BIRNEY,Commanding Tenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding direct me to say the he prefers you should not discharge the muskets unless you consider it essential to the serviceable condition of your command. Unless something new is developed to-day it is probable your command will recross to-night and you will have the opportunity to-morrow. The general would like to have you send your wagons, &amp;c., during the afternoon, to park near the bridge preparatory to your withdrawal, but not on any of the roads leading to the bridge.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel,&c.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, August 20, 1864-6 p.m.

Major General D. B. BIRNEY,Commanding Tenth Army Corps:

The major-general commanding directs me to furnish you with the following extract from the telegraphic order for the movement of to-night, which embraces all the instructions with which he is charged for you after you cross: "The Tenth Corps will return to their places at once," &c.

I am, general, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, August 20, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel McGILVERY,Chief of Artillery;

The major-general commanding directs that you watch the pontoons, and as soon as one is clear take your batteries across, and send them to their camps.

Respectfully,

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, August 20, 1864.

Division commanders and chief of artillery will, during the afternoon, send to the rear all wagons, excepting five wagons of small-arm ammunition, preparatory to a withdrawal during the night to our former camps. All the sick able to march and non-combatants will be returned to their camp, and every care will be taken against straggling. Extraordinary care must be taken by division commanders in inspecting the picket-line, and seeing that duty is performed with great

