HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 21, 1864.

Colonel SHARPE,City Point, Va.:

The whole of Mahone's division is certainly here. They arrived here at 8 o'clock yesterday morning. I understand the following to be the force in front of Fifth Corps: Clinghman's, Colquitt's, Mahone's, Harris', Sanders', Wright's, Fry's, and Davis' brigades. The balance of Beauregard's, Hefth's, and Mahone's commands are in the trenches on our front, occupying their old positions. Three brigades of Mahone, which returned, are also in front of Warren, fighting hard at this moment.

J. McENTEE,

Captain,&amp;c.

AUGUST 21, 1864.

Colonel SHARPE,

City Point:

Hagood's and Ransom's brigades are now in front of Fifth Corps. W. H. F. Lee's cavalry division was also engaged there this a.m., and General Rooney Lee badly wounded through lungs. So say prisoners from above commands.

J. McENTEE,

Captain,&c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT, August 21, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Three deserters from Wright's (Georgia) brigade who came in this morning make the following report:

They state that they have been on picket here for the last eleven days. During that time their brigade has been to the north side of the James River, and returned yesterday morning about 8 o'clock, together with Sanders' and Harris' brigades. They state that they camped in rear of their old position, and had orders to have their guns in order and be ready to march this morning about 2 o'clock down the railroad. These men report that Brigadier-General Clingman was mortally wounded before yesterday. They say that in the attack on the Fifth Corps General Colquit commanded his own, Clingman's, and Mahone's brigades which attacked our right, and two brigades of Heth's division (Fry's and Davis') attacked our left.

I understand the following to be the disposition of troops in our front from the enemy's left to right: Bushrod Johnson's division, Martin's and Hagood's brigades, of Hoke's division, and Kirkland's and MacRae's brigades, of Heth's division; Mahone's division, and Fry's and Davis' brigades, of Heth's division; Colquitt's and Clingman's, of Hoke's division. We learn of no troops having arrived from the north side of the James River, except these three brigades of Heth's division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McENTEE,

Captain,&c.

