HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 21, 1864.

(Received 1.30 p.m.)

Brigadier-General MOTT,Commanding Division, Second Corps:

To save time orders are sent you direct that General Ord will send from 500 to 800 men to relieve as many of your men now holding the intrenchments as practicable. An engineer officer will see you and conduct Ord's troop to that part of the trenches from which yours will be withdrawn upon being relieved by Ord's men. General Hancock is advised of this and will send your orders. Unless directed to the contrary by General Hancock, please send the part of your division taken from the trenches to the vicinity of the Strong house. Have these orders executed as promptly as possible.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS, August 21, 1864-1.30 p.m.

(Received 2.10 p.m.)

General MOTT:

Please send a staff officer to report to General Ames at once to show the latter the best way to the right of your trenches, where I wish General Ames to post all his available force (two or three regiments). They will be stretched out to cover about half your present line. Also please send at once another staff officer to report to General Carr, who has two or three regiments to post in the left half of your trenches. Let these staff officers know where to take the respective commands, and oblige.

Yours,E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, August 21, 1864.

(Received 2.45 p.m.)

Brigadier-General MOTT,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to say that he is about to proceed with the balance of his command to the Gurley house (shown on the map). He will therefore be unable to relieve your pickets, and you will be obliged to look out for [your] own left.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS A. WALKER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. THIRD BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS, Camp in the Trenches, August 21, 1864-12 m.

[Major JOHN HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General:]

MAJOR: In obedience with orders from the general commanding the division, directing me to make a demonstration in front of the enemy's works. I proceeded at once to the trenches. Orders were given to the

