
from General Hood in the Richmond paper of to-day stating that Major-General Stoneman and 500 men were captured at Macon, Ga., by General Iverson. I sent a Richmond paper of yesterday to corps headquarters this morning.

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA, August 3, 1864.

Major-General ORD,Commanding Eighteenth Army Corps:

GENERAL: As your negro troops have had a pretty hard time of service for fresh hands, I propose that General Paine shall send you from the troops on this line and equal number with what you have now, returning those you have here, for the purpose of reorganization and recruitment. I hope you can so manage it as to put a brigade together and give them a defined portion of the line to hold, so that upon them and their officers may be a responsibility which all may feel. It will be much for the advantage of the service, in my judgment, if these colored troops are kept together, and as soon as we can get them fairly reorganized and a little recruited we will have a division together.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, August 3, 1864-12.15 a. m. (Received 12.30 a. m.)

Major-General MEADE:

I have not received General Turner's report of the affair of Saturday. As soon as I do I will send in mine to you. I do not believe in the mine, but do not wish to be surprised, hence my precautions.

E. O. C. ORD,Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., 18TH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 32. August 3, 1864.

In compliance with Special Orders, Numbers 96, paragraph 6, headquarters Eighteenth Army Corps, dated August 3, 1864, I hereby assume command of this division. The division staff as at present constituted will remain on duty as heretofore.

J. B. CARR,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 18TH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 83. Near Petersburg, Va., August 3, 1864.

* * * * * *

4. Colonel Duncan will march with and in command of the Fourth, Sixth, and Twenty-second Regiments across the Appomattox River, encamping his own regiment and Colonel Ames' near the present camp of the Tenth U. S. Colored Troops, and Colonel Kiddoo's move to the left and to the rear. Colonel Duncan will be charged with the defense of the line in case of an attack to the left of Battery 8, posting no picket, however, except as now posted by the colored troops now on that line.

