HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, August 21, 1864.

(Sent 112.15 a.m.22nd.)

Major-General BUTLER,Headquarters:

My opinion is that they have restored the strength of their line to meet the return of my corps. Their line, like ours, will almost defend itself with artillery. I have confidence in the reports of re-enforcements. I dislike to abandon the movement, but regard it as perhaps a doubtful one as to success. A surprise might take the line.

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General.

(Forwarded by Butler to Lieutenant-General Grant at 12.35 a.m.22nd.)

AUGUST 21, 1864.

Colonel SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A small brigade of infantry and eight army wagons have moved toward our right on the road to Richmond.

CHAS. F. CROSS,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, August 21, 1864.

The following disposition of troops to execute the order will be made: Brigadier-General Terry, with Howell's brigade, of his own division, one brigade of colored troops, under Brigadier-General Birney, and Cutis' brigade, of Turner's division, will make the attack. He will be ready to make the attack by 3.30 a.m. to-morrow. He will pass on the plain near Port Walthall and move upon the enemy's lines between the Appomattox and Bake-House Creek, and up the valley of the cree, if found practicable. Brigadier-General Foster, with his three regiments, will make a demonstration in the nature of a feint on the right near Ware Bottom Church, so that the enemy shall be held in check there. He will keep his column under cover as much as possible so as to avoid artillery fire, and will do all that is possible to make a demonstration. He will move up so as to drive in the enemy's pickets, cheering and yelling, at precisely 3.30 a.m. Colonel Curts will detach a regiment from his brigade to move up the mill-pond road on the right of Bake-House Creek. The regiment will then deploy to the left and make a vigorous attack on the enemy's works. This movement will be made simultaneously with the attack by General Terry's division on the left. The regiment should be in position to make the attack at 3.30 a.m. to-morrow.

By order of Major-General Birney:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

