
inclusive, 2,103 officers and men. The sick men, when I took command, averaged only 7 per cent. It is now from 17 to 20, and increasing rapidly. The fact that these men came here from a malarious district of the South, that they had been more than two months in the trenches, and that in the last few days few have been exposed to heavy rains, which fill the pits, and to the enemy's fire, which prevents their obtaining rest, will account for this condition of the men. I have no hesitation is saying that unless the corps is relieved from its present duty and allowed rest, in the course of a month I shall not have 5,000 able-bodied men for duty out of the 10,000 men now reported. I have no reserves to relieve the men from the trenches, who are scattered along a line of over three miles, besides doing picket duty for five miles on the river front.

I am, sir, very respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, In the Field, Va.,August 21, 1864-10.05 a.m.

Brigadier General J. B. CARR,

Commanding First Division;

GENERAL: Get all your men under arms, including reserves. Send a staff officer to each of your brigades to let you know the condition of affairs, and whether there is any movement on the left. Be prepared to and re-enforce and threatened part of the line without waiting any further instructions. The batteries are directed to open all along the line. Please comply with inclosed telegram as near as you can.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, August 21, 1864.

Brigadier General J. B. CARR,Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that as soon as a staff officer reports to you from General Mott, commanding division of Second Corps, you will send all your reserves by the road the officer will designate, to relieve the left half of the line now held by General Mott, in the Ninth Corps front. If you can you will relieve and send the sharpshooters put in front this morning, and let General Ord now the whole number of troops sent.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. S. SEWARD,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.

P. S.-Send the best officer you have available to command the detached force.

