
CITY POINT, VA., August 4, 1864-12.15 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

Send another division of cavalry to Washington at once. I will instruct the quartermaster to provide transportation as rapidly as it can be got together. I will instruct General Butler to send Kautz's cavalry to report to your cavalry commander whilst so much of yours is absent.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 4, 1864-12.45 p. m.

General MEADE:

The following dispatch* is just received. I will direct General Gregg to give the preliminary orders to that division of the Cavalry Corps which can be most quickly got to City Point and await your final directions. I will send the same order in regard to artillery and means of transportation that was sent before.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,Major-General and Chief of Staff.

BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS, August 4, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

Direct Gregg to send Wilson's division of cavalry. Say to General Williams General Ingalls can send the transportation of the Sixth Corps as proposed, and a small regiment of those whose term of service is about or near expiring can be sent to him. Gregg should be instructed to picket our left and rear as before, as well as he can with his diminished force.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 4, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,Commanding Army of the Potomac, Hdqrs. of Major-General Butler:

Two deserters from Finegan's brigade, who came in this morning, report that their brigade is still lying in one rank. They think the brigades of their division that were taken out of the trenches and moved toward the mine have not returned to their stations. They understand Heth is on their right and heard that Wilcox had gone to Reams' Station. Their brigade is half a mile from the mine-their right of it. They are not intelligent.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Copy to General Rawlins.)

---------------

*See Grant to Meade, next, ante.

---------------

