
in destroying the railroad and covering the working party. I understand the railroad men yesterday became alarmed and mostly deserted the work. The enemy's cavalry will undoubtedly endeavor to interfere with this work. I should be glad to know if these disposition meet your views; also,whether you propose to re-enforce the intrenched line held by Ord and Mott by any of Butler's troops, for I feel a little uneasy about this line.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 22, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,City Point:

My telegram of 11.20 has been delayed by the wire out of order. Since writing it Warren's pickets report the enemy in position intrenched, about a mile back from the position occupied yesterday. I have directed any signal dispatches for me to be sent to you, as they may indicate movements requiring your action.

G. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, August 22, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

Two trains of cars loaded with troops moving to Petersburg have been reported this morning by the signal officer at Spring Hill.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WELDON RAILROAD, August 22, 1864-3.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Warren's skirmishers are in contact with the enemy's about a mile from here, and the same distance from the enemy's outworks on the railroad. They do not report any very heavy force, and there is no indication at this moment of any attack, notwithstanding the reports of signal officers would seem to indicate an accumulation of troops about the lead-works, which are on the railroad, inside the outer intrenchments. A dispatch from General Ord asks for reserves of infantry and artillery in case it is anticipated he may be attacked. I have directed him to call on General Hunt for the artillery, as he has batteries in reserve; but I have no infantry to send him. Your dispatch, giving reasons for relieving the Eighteenth by the Tenth Corps, was not received by me till after sending my dispatch of 11.20, which must be my excuse for referring in that dispatch to the subject. The railroad men have done very little work, and that very indifferently. Hancock's division will soon be at work in addition.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

