
CITY POINT, VA., August 22, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding,&amp;c.:

The object in relieving the Eighteenth Corps is, that from being kept so long in the Appomattox Bottom a great many are now sick and the number is increasing very rapidly. Having the Eighteenth Corps free will give the same reserve as having any other corps free would.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., August 22, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,

Commanding,&c.:

Cars are running continually between Richmond and Petersburg and this morning several trains have been seen to passe, heavily loaded with troops going south. Warren may be attacked this evening.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 22, 1864-9.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I left the Weldon railroad at 6 p.m. At that time all was quiet. General Miles, commanding division Second Corps, had progressed within one mile and a half of Reams' Station, destroying the railroad as he moved. Hearing the enemy's cavalry occupied Reams' Station, I directed General Gregg to send all his available cavalry force to assist General Miles in occupying the place. Since my return a dispatch from General Gregg announces the occupation of Reams' Station by his command. Colonel Spear, commanding brigade of Kautz's cavalry, drove the enemy's cavalry on the Vaughan and Bond roads in the direction of Petersburg, till he came to a bridge destroyed by the enemy after crossing it, at which point the pursuit ceased. Prisoners report the death yesterday of General Sanders, commanding brigade, and the wounding severely of General W. H. F. Lee, but I place no reliance on the reports of prisoners in such matters, as they are generally only camp rumors.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERA'S DEPARTMENT, August 22, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Among fifteen prisoners of war just sent in from Fifth Corps I find men from Ransom's brigade, of Bushord Johnson's division; Hagood's brigade, of Hoke's division; Kirkland's brigade, of Heth's division, and Harris', Sanders', Wright's, and Finegan's brigades, of Mahone's division. They all report that they were on picket last night, and that the commands to which they respectively belong moved during last

