HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 22, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to forward the following messages:

JORDAN HOUSE, August 22-8.30 a.m.

Nothing unusual this morning. A train of twenty-three heavy wagons and five ambulances passed a point on the Richmond road west of this station, moving south. No movements of troops visible yet.

JORDAN,Sergeant.

STATION NEAR OLD FIFTH CORPS HEADQUARTERS, August 22, 1864.

At 8 this a.m. a squad of forty of the enemy, with arms and accouterments, left fort in front of this point and moved off in direction of their right. Number of tents in enemy's works is diminished, and for a distance of 2,000 yards I counted only 120 of the enemy. No working parties seen. All quiet.

WARTS,

Lieutenant.

WALTAHLL HOUSE, August 22, 1864-9.20 a.m.

An hour ago about two regiments of infantry, followed by seven ambulances or wagons, passed a point in the Richmond road north 40 degrees west from here, moving toward the enemy's front on our right of Fort Clifton. A half hour ago one regiment of infantry, without wagons, passed the open space in rear of Whitehead's Factory, moving toward the right. An extensive camp has appeared on the hill south of and on the outskirts of the city. Two engines have been standing at the Weldon Depot for the last hour. The enemy's rifle-pits in front of Whitehead's Factory seem almost deserted this a.m. Several of the tents have disappeared since yesterday.

DAVIS,

Captain.

PLANK ROAD STATION, August 22, 1864-9.50 a.m.

About 1,100 infantry appeared marching in the intrenchments to the right of the Gregory Chimneys. They came from some point or points still farther to our right. They did not leave the cover of the intrenchments until under cover of the edge of the woods, about three- fourths of a mile to the left (our left) of the Chimneys above mentioned, when they filed to the rear. These men moved in about twenty-five subdivisions or detachments, apparently to not attract any attention. In addition, small squads seemed to join them as they passed various points of the line, thus weakening it. Afterward about 200 in smaller detachments, marched along the intrenchments in the opposite direction. These men were apparently a portion of the troops in our immediate front and were detached to take the place of the others, as the lookout could see them in small squads roll up their blankets and the march toward the right (our right), from whence the first had come. Three wagons moved southward on the road along the Weldon railroad. They were seen about one mile to the south of the lead-works, thus indicating the presence of the enemy, to some extent, in General Warren's front. The line in our front is apparently a weak one at present as regards the number of the enemy in it.

B. F. FISHER,

Major,&amp;c.

JORDAN HOUSE, August 22, 1864-10.40 a.m.

A column of infantry has just passed open space in rear of Whitehead's, moving in direction of Petersburg; twenty minutes in passing. A column of cavalry marching by twos, having four large flags, has just passed through Petersburg moving to our left; twenty-five minutes in passing.

CLARK,

Captain.

JORDAN HOUSE-11.15 a.m.

Another column of cavalry seen as last reported; twenty minutes in passing Infantry reported in rear of Whitehead's have passed into Petersburg.

CLARK,

Captain.

WM. S. STRYKER,

Acting Chief Signal Officer.

