
parallel roads west of the Weldon railroad. A battery of artillery also came to the rear. It is my opinion that the line of works being thrown up, and mentioned in last reported, crosses the railroad south of the fort and extends a short distance westward. The train of passenger cars remains stationary about a half mile south of the lead-works. It may be intended to remove wounded. At other portions of the enemy's line in our front it is quiet.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer.

WALTHALL HOUSE, August 22, 1864-4 p.m.

[Lieutenant WILLIAM S. STRYKER,

Acting Chief Signal Officer:]

Four small regiments of infantry, nine wagons, and ten ambulances have just passed near Whiteheads' Factory, on Richmond and Petersburg Railroad, going toward Petersburg. Enemy's signal officer reports wagons continually passing open space to left of Cobb's, and that there is a large transport just above pontoon, which frequently shifts its position so as to completely screen from his view whatever may be passing.

FEAREY,

Lieutenant.

PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION, August 22, 1864-5.30 p.m.

Major B. F. FISHER:

At 4 p.m. a column of cavalry, numbering about 300, came out in vicinity of lead-works and moved southward, passing east of large fort and parallel with railroad. A train of thirty-three ambulances and one of thirty-four wagons followed. A train of fifteen wagons moved to the right.

H. W. FULTON.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 22, 1864-5.309 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following dispatches received;

JORDAN HOUSE STATION.

The enemy's camps, in rear of their line of intrenchments north-northwest from here and about one mile back of Fort Clifton, have disappeared.

T. R. CLARK.

STATION NEAR HEAVY HOUSE.

Enemy are changing face of works near large white house on the crest of the hill, so as to command a portion of our line with an enfilading fire.

W. H. WARTS.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer.

