
CITY POINT, August 4, 1864.

Brigadier General SETH WILLIAMS:

I have received the following from General Meigs:

Your dispatch is received. Yesterday I was obliged to call upon you for 300 six-mule teams, with drivers, to aid in fitting out troops sent here from City Point without any trains. There are not drivers here even to break the green mules in this department. None can therefore be sent from this city to City Point. I have issued orders to military commanders in the southwest to send here 1,000 able-bodied negroes to be used as drivers without positive orders to the generals. They will furnish them. Fitting out the Sixth, Nineteenth, and Cavalry Corps, or the portions of these corps which have reached this city, has reduced the stock of teams and wagons fit for service. We have many unbroken, but no drivers. You will therefore send to this depot 300 wagons, teams, and drivers complete.

M. C. MEIGS,

Major-General and Quartermaster-General.

With the consent of Major-General Meade, I propose to ship a portion of the trains of the Sixth and Cavalry Corps which are now here doing nothing. I have directed Captain Strang to furnish Colonel Spaulding with the drivers which he requires, but so doing will weaken the force at the depot. Cannot a small regiment, white or colored, be detailed for guard and fatigue service here and ordered to report to me until General Meigs sends employes?

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 4, 1864-12.50 p. m.

General R. INGALLS,City Point:

Your dispatch in relation to sending teams to Washington has been sent to General Meade, who is now at General Butler's headquarters.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 4, 1864-3.45 p. m.

General R. INGALLS,City Point:

The commanding general authorizes you to send the transportation of the Sixth Corps to Washington as proposed by you. If possible a small regiment will be ordered to report to you.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 4, 1864.

Colonel SHARPE,

City Point:

Two deserters from Twenty-fifth South Carolina, just examined at Eighteenth Army Corps headquarters, state that they were credibly informed that Kershaw's division went south yesterday by rail to

