
fully watched to note if it is taken away, or if their parapets are removed to make openings for assaulting, so that you can, without waiting for orders, assemble your little reserve and notify the nearest batteries to be ready to rebel attack. I have asked for a reserve force and may possibly get it. You had better detail division officer of the day orderlies all along your line to warn you of any changes.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,August 22, 1864.

Copy furnished for the information of the commanding officer, Third Brigade,who will see that a vigilant lookout is kept us along the line. Lookouts will be posted in position from which they can overlook the enemy's line. All movements, on the part of the enemy will be promptly reported to these headquarters.

By command of Brigadier General J. B. Carr:

J. JOHNSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

August 22, 1864-7.10 p.m.

Major FISHER:

Since 10 a.m. nearly all the tents have disappeared from the line of rifle-pits on hill three miles northwest of here. I think there was about a brigade there. The enemy's signal officer reports one transport gone down the river this p.m. without troops aboard. A large camp smoke rising southeast and about a mile from city.

CHAS. L. DAVIS,

Captain and Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTHS ARMY CORPS,August 22, 1864

Brigadier General A. AMES,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The corps officer of the day reports that the Thirty-sixth Regiment Colored Troops seem unsteady and unreliable, and the major-general commanding directs that you send one-half of the Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry who reported to you to-day, to report to the colonel of the Thirty-sixth, to be stationed among the men and restore confidence by their presence and by keeping down the enemy's fire.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEODORE READ,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,Perkins' House, August 22, 1864-10 a.m.

Lieutenant Colonel F. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

SIR: I have made a reconnaissance to where the enemy's right rested last night. The right is still there; same as last night. If there are none on the Vaughan road (as reported by a staff officer of General

27	R R-VOL XLII, PT II

