
Warren's this morning) then the enemy have swung around or divided. The enemy's cavalry are acting very cautious, and are changing picket stations daily, which will require to be strictly watched for the security of your left flank. My front is now being relieved by two regiments of Gregg's cavalry. I regret having to leave at this time, but will turn over my orders so that there can be no mistaking them. Will report in person shortly.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. P. SPEAR,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

P. S. -The enemy have re-established their pickets also on my left, on the Reiray [Reams'?] road, on the Burt [Vaughan?] road, and cross-roads. I forgot to state that the breast-works at Reams' are about three-quarters of a mile in length, and only about fifty of a reserve were there, which I completely routed on yesterday. Have not seen General Gregg yet.

S. P. S.

CITY POINT, August 23, 1864-6 p.m.

(Received 24th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Our position on the Weldon railroad now seems entirely secure. One division of infantry and the cavalry have been working south, destroying the road as they go. They met some opposition, to-day from the enemy's cavalry and were consequently further re-enforced. Prisoners taken since the last repulse of the enemy repeat the report of W. H. F. Lee being mortally wounded, General Clingman losing a leg, and General Sanders killed. These reports, however, may not be reliable.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

August 23, 1864-10.30 a.m.

General GRANT:

I have nothing new to report this morning. Reports from deserters and observed movements of the enemy led to the belief of the probability of an attack on Mott's front last night. Every preparation that was practicable was made to meet it. I have called on General Warren for his views as to holding his present position with his own and the Ninth Corps extending to the plank road. It becomes a question on which I desire your views, how far Miles' division, Second Corps, should go down the railroad destroying it. This division is small, less than 4,000 effective, and has a brigade of cavalry about 1,000 strong. From reports of deserters there is reason to believe the enemy sent infantry dawn the railroad on Sunday night, and we know he has two divisions of cavalry available for operations, besides troops now on the road that can be sent up from the south to meet Miles' advance. In my judgment, therefore, Miles ought not to go beyond support from Warren's position, say Rowanty Creek, some ten miles, which point he will probably reach to-day. He has no artillery with him and it cannot be got over

