
states that he straggled behind his regiment and did not catch up with it until about 10 a.m. yesterday. All the troops, he states, which were on the line of Weldon railroad in front of Fifth Corps have fallen back around Petersburg. He states that he saw no troops between their lower line along railroad an the lead-works. They had all marched inside of breast-works north of lead-works. This man states that he saw several men (stragglers) along the railroad inquiring for Scales' brigade, and they stated that the brigade had gone off in the night and left them behind.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McENTEE,

Captain, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,August 23, 1864-5.30 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Two deserters from Eighth Alabama, Sanders' brigade, who came into our lines this afternoon, report that their brigade is now lying in its old position in the trenches on the right of the plank road. The whole of Mahone's division, they think, is in that immediate vicinity. They confirm the report of General Sanders, and one of the men states that this morning he heard one of the officers of his regiment reading from Richmond paper an account of the death of A. P. Hill, the result of a wound received in his side on Sunday last. The other man thinks the truth of this report doubtful, as he thinks he would have heard of it from other sources if it were true. Neither of these men have been in service more than a month, and their information is consequently limited.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McENTER,

Captain, &c.

AUGUST 23, 1864

Major B. F. FISHER,

Chief Signal Officer:

TREE STATION- a.m.

All quiet. Enemy seems more numerous in front of this station than heretofore. Small party to work on fort on crest of the hill near large white house. This work is cut for two guns and nearly completed.

AVERY HOUSE STATION,

Nothing unusual observed from this point. Observed a small wagon train consisting of eight wagons passing in the rear of enemy's position, moving toward enemy's right. No movements of troops observed.

Respectfully,

WARTS,

Lieutenant.

