
stores than is required for their own use, nor more than a supply for ten days at any one time. The quartermaster's department will also sell to such citizens forage in such quantities and at such rates as may be determined on by the chief quartermaster.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

August 23, 1864-9.50 a.m.

Major-General HANCOCK,Commanding Second Corps:

The commanding general desires me to say to you that the division destroying the railroad may be required to remain upon that work beyond the time for which they are now supplied, and that arrangements for their supplies must be kept in view, and the supplies maintained. The division will not return without further directions from these headquarters. It should leave some force at Reams' Station to hold that point. It should not for the present go farther than Rowanty Creek, six miles beyond Reams' Station.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,August 23, 1864

Official copy respectfully furnished the commanding officer First Division for his guidance.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

F. A. WALKER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,August 23, 1864-11 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

I have received your dispatch regarding the command at Reams'

Station and have directed that your orders be carried out.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

Blick's House, Weldon Railroad, August 23, 1864-11.30 a.m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

So far as any information has been obtained concerning the character of the ground between here and and the enemy's intrenchments, it appears to be the best position to hold on the railroad. Unless something should occur changing the conditions now existing, this position will be held; and as we shall not advance the commanding general directs that you send a division to aid in covering the part destroying the railroad, and at the same time to destroy the railroad. The working party

