
instructions just received from General Meade seem to imply that one division is entirely to the south of Reams' Station. It is still to the north of that point. Our communications are now best made by the plank road.

I have the honor to be, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS C. BARLOW,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,August 23, 1864-7 p.m.

Brigadier-General BARLOW,

Commanding First Division, Second Corps:

GENERAL: I inclose you a note just received from Colonel Spear together with one from General Warren.* General Gibbon's division will be at the junction of the plank road with the road to Reams' Station to-night, and will proceed to Reams' Station at daylight and hold possession there, together with your artillery. General Gregg is going to picket from General Warren's left to cover that station and around toward the plank road. He will release your cavalry. You will continue the destruction of the railroad toward Rowanty Creek, and, if possible, as far as Stony Creek. I leave here at daylight to proceed to Reams' Station to take command of all the troops there, including the cavalry. In the meantime, if you have any difficulty nearer to General Gibbon than I am, call upon him. I have instructed him to clear out the road toward Reams' Station if it is obstructed. General Gibbon has also been directed to obstruct the railroad near Reams' Station by felling trees across it, if it does not interfere with your march to the rear or front.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding

P. S.- Please ascertain by a staff officer, if practicable, the number of rebel dead on the field where Colonel Spear had the fight this afternoon. Colonel Spear says that the field is in his possession.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS.

August 23, 1864.

Brigadier-General BARLOW,Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires an explanation concerning the charge made by Colonel Spear in the report inclosed to you this evening, that he was unable to obtain support. The charge was made directly against General Miles, but as is supposed you were in command of the division, the general directs that you either submit a report of all the circumstances yourself or call on General Miles for an explanation, as the circumstances may warrant.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*See pp. 426, 427.

---------------

