
sible of the railroad, and I desire to send the other division of the Second Corps to assist in this work, as the enemy may send cavalry and infantry around your position to obstruct and defeat this work. Let me have your views as soon as possible.

GEO. G. MEADE

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,August 23, 1864-10 a.m.

General WARREN:

The commanding general desires me to say that you must look out for your right flank in advancing. General Parke will be directed to advance the pickets of his line with yours. You will, of course, direct Colonel Spear to advance his cavalry pickets and supports on your left, if General Gregg has not come upon and taken command of the cavalry. His instructions require him to advance correspondingly with you. Have him advised of whatever may be necessary for him to know from your command to enable him to carry out his orders. Have an understanding with Parke, who is now on his line.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

August 23, 1864-5.30 p.m.

Major-General WARREN,Commanding Fifth Corps:

I am instructed to inform you that General Gibbon's division will be moved to Reams' Station to-night to support Barlow's in the operation of destroying the railroad as far as Rowanty Creek. General Gregg, who was directed to concentrate his division of cavalry at Reams' to-day and picket to your left and in front of Barlow's division, will receive his instructions from General Hancock. He will keep you advised of any movement of the enemy.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,

August 23, 1864-6.15 p.m. (Received 7 p.m.)

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Army Corps:

GENERAL: Your dispatch inclosing Colonel Spear's received. Your reply to Colonel Spear did not accompany. Colonel Spear was under the orders of the commanding officer First Division engaged in destroying the railroad. I heard a half hour ago that General Miles and sent two companies to Colonel Spear, and that he had a skirmish with Hampton Legion. General Gibbon's division will camp to-night on the plank road, where the Reams' Station road intersects, and will move to Reams' at daylight. I do not know Colonel Spear, but am glad he killed so many rebels, and hope he may get off their wounded, which

