
must be in his hands. Gregg's cavalry is under my orders, and I shall be at Reams' at an early hour to-morrow. I shall have Gregg cover your left around as far as Reams' holding particularly the road coming in from Petersburg two miles to your left, which I have heard called the Bohn [Vaughan] road. I suppose this is the road Colonel Spear calls the Burt road.

Respectfully, yours,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,August 23, 1864. (Received 7.45 p.m.)

Lieutenant-Colonel LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that I am notified from my vedette on the top of the house in the corn-field that the enemy's camp fires are to be seen about one mile and a half in the direction of the road; also camp to the (our) left of the road, on the prolongation of the line of the first above mentioned.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. AYRES,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,August 23, 1864-8 p.m.

[Lieutenant Colonel F. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:]

COLONEL: The railroad has been destroyed to a point opposite the white house beyond our picket-line about 250 yards. The ties have been burned and the rails bent up to the picket-line. Beyond that point the road has been turned over. The enemy's cavalry appeared at the cap of the woods whilst we were at work near the house. They were fired upon and retired. As before reported the enemy's works beyond the corn-field on the right are occupied by his forces. His pickets come to the cap of the woods in which our pickets now are. The ground was thoroughly searched, and all arms, &amp;c., brought away. The men in camp near that part of the road previously destroyed are using the rails for various purposes in their camps. The ties still remain.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,August 23, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel FRED T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that eleven rebel dead were buried by the men on the picket-line, on the night of the 21st instant,which were not included in my report. This will make up the number buried in front of the division seventy-six.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

EDWD. S. BRAGG,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

28 R R-VOL XLII, PT II

