HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 23, 1864-10 a.m.

Major-General PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Corps, Gurley House:

The commanding general desires to know the condition of your lines from the Strong house to Warren's right, whether the slashing is sufficiently extended to the front to render it impenetrable to any body of men. The line thus completed might be held thinly, with reserves at intervals, free communication between which and all parts of the line should be opened. All the remaining available force of your command should be concentrated on the left for co-operation with the Fifth Corps. The commanding general desires to know what part of your command will be required to hold your line in this manner, and what disposition you have made or are making in view of it.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,August 23, 1864

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

Yours of 10 a.m. received. I have now on the line from Strong's house to Warren's right three divisions-Ferrero's, Potter's and White's. The slashing, abatis, and parapet are not entirely completed, but nearly so. The heavy rain of last evening interfered seriously with our work. Willcox is now in reserve and I hope soon to withdraw White. I will have a detailed report of the condition in front of Ferrero, and if, as I think, it is very strong I certainly can withdraw White. I propose erecting epaulements for guns, one in the front of the line that Griffin's brigade was at work on yesterday evening, and another in front of Ferrero, opposite an open space.

JNO. G. PARKE

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV. 9TH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 99. Near Weldon Railroad, Va., August 23, 1864.

I. The Forty-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers is hereby restored to the First Brigade of this division, and the commanding officer will report accordingly.

II. The Second New York Mounted Rifles is hereby transferred from the First to the Second Brigade of the division, and the commanding officer will report accordingly.

* * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Potter:

SAMUEL WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,

August 23, 1864

Brigadier-General FERRERO:

Commanding Fourth Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the army has visited a portion of your line and expresses the opinion that the men were not

