HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 23, 1864-11 a.m.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Cavalry:

Upon further consideration the commanding general directs that you concentrate your cavalry at Reams' Station, and hold that point, picketing from there to Warren's left, and also from Reams' Station to the infantry division destroying the railroad. That division will not leave any part of its force at Reams' Station and Spear's brigade will remain with the division. Until further ordered it will not go beyond Rowanty Creek. Hold in view the contingency of additional infantry being joined to Miles command, and, in conjunction with your division of cavalry, moving beyond Rowanty Creek to destroy the railroad still farther south.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Widow Smith's House, August 23, 1864-5.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Cavalry:

I am instructed to inform you that Major-General Hancock will move Gibbon's division to Reams' Station to-night and assume command of the operations upon the Weldon railroad. You will receive your orders from him carrying out the instructions already given you unless other-wise ordered.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,August 23, 1864-9.30 p.m. (Received 11.45 p.m.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I became engaged with the enemy's cavalry this p.m. at 4.30 on the road from Reams' Station to Dinwiddie Court-House and about one mile and a half from Reams'. The enemy displayed a large force dismounted, certainly more than a division. The fight lasted until nearly 9 o'clock. The enemy displayed his force in open country and was repulsed in every attack made upon me. The enemy retired from my front at about 9 o'clock. The enemy were principally armed with muskets, but I do not think were any infantry present. The action was severe and we hold our position. My loss in killed and wounded will not exceed 75.

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General.

CITY POINT, VA., August 23, 1864

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding, &amp;c.,:

You may now send the Tenth Corps, or as much of it as can be spared from Bermuda Hundred, to relieve as far as possible the Eighteenth

