
Corps. When the Eighteenth Corps is relieved the them go into camp on the high ground in rear of their present position. So long as we hold the Weldon road it is prudent for us to keep all the force we can south of the Appomattox.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,August 23, 1864-12.35 p.m. (Received 1 p.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Telegram received. I will immediately proceed to relieve the Eighteenth, division by division, and encamp that corps as a reserve, so that fewer men can hold the trenches than if they were not so encamped.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, August 23, 1864.

Lieutenant DAVENPORT,

General Butler's Staff:

Prisoners from Hoke, Johnson, Heth,and Mahone's division yesterday and deserters this morning from Finegan's brigade, agree that on Sunday night the troops in front of General Warren fell back to their old positions in the trenches. They admit that everything they dared spare was taken from the lines to drive us off the Weldon railroad. They admit the completeness of their repulse, and there are evidences that their loss must have been very considerable. General Sanders was killed on Sunday. General W. H. F. Lee shot through the lungs; since reported dead. General Clingman lost a leg, and reported mortally wounded. Have you anything on the foregoing points, or to show the enemy's position yesterday and to-day along your entire line?

SHARPE,

Colonel.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,OFFICE BUREAU OF INFORMATION,

In the Field, August 23, 1864

Colonel SHARPE,

City Point:

Deserters report all of Field's division, save Benning's brigade, on the north side of the James. They think that brigade has gone to Petersburg. Pickett is in our front entire. There appears some reason for believing that all of Wilcox's division has gone to Petersburg, although about one or two brigades there is some conflict of statements.

JOHN I. DAVENPORT,

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Assistant Provost-Marshal.

