
uniform. The execution of this order is discretionary, depending upon the movements of the enemy if any since the last report that they were moving toward their right.

I have the honor to be, general, with respect, your obedient servant,

S. S. SEWARD,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,August 23, 1864

Brigadier General J. B. CARR,

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to say that you can allow your reserves to go into camp, keeping them ready for any call.

Very respectfully,

THEODORE READ,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

OFFICE OF ASSISTANT PROVOST-MARSHAL,

Onancock, Va., August 23, 1864.

Major FRANK J. WHITE,

Provost-Marshal, Eastville, Va.:

MAJOR; Reliable information has been received by a refugee just from Northumberland County, Va., that five small-class vessels are now fitted out, with about 300 men, with avowed purpose of making a raid on Tangier and Smith's Islands or other points on this shore. I would ask that Lieutenant Throckmorton, with his sloop, be sent back at once to cruise in this sound, to report tome that I may increase his force.

Respectfully,

J. W. STRONG,

Lieutenant and Assistant Provost-Marshal.

CITY POINT, VA., August 24, 1864-10.30 p.m.

(Received 25th.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Yesterday evening the enemy engaged our cavalry which was protecting the party destroying railroad near Reams' Station. General Gregg was about one mile and a half west from the station and maintained his position, the fight lasting from 4.30 p.m. till 9 p.m. He reports his loss at seventy-five. Earlier in the afternoon Colonel Spear, commanding brigade of Kautz's cavalry, had a sharp engagement with the enemy's cavalry on the Vaughan road, near Reams' Station, and, notwithstanding largely superior forces against him, maintained his ground, inflicting heavy loss on the enemy. He reports over 180 of the enemy's dead left upon the field. The road is now thoroughly destroyed to Reams' Station; the force on the road was largely re-enforced last night, and will push on the work. I send to-day a Richmond paper of the 23rd, directed to the Secretary of War. You will see from that

