
great despondency was caused by the last affair on the Weldon road. In Richmond they have reports of five generals being killed in that action, but the death of but two of them (Sanders and Lamar) is positively confirmed.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

August 24, 1864-8.15 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT;

Late last night I received a dispatch from General Gregg reporting that he had been engaged with his whole cavalry force with the enemy's cavalry, about one mile and a half west of Reams' Station, on the Dinwiddie Court-House road. General Gregg maintained his ground, the fight lasting from 4.30 p.m. till 9 p.m., with reported casualties about 75. Earlier in the afternoon Colonel Spear, commanding brigade, Kautz's division, had a sharp engagement with the enemy's cavalry on the Bond [Vaughan?] road, also in the vicinity of Reams' Station, on which occasion, notwithstanding, the largely superior force of the enemy, Colonel Spear held his ground, inflicting heavy loss, he reporting over 180 of the enemy's dead on the field. The infantry division of the Second Corps had reached Reams' Station, thoroughly destroying the railroad up to that point. It will be joined early this morning by the Second Division, when General Hancock will take charge of the whole command, infantry and cavalry, and push the work of destruction as far as, in his judgment, it is practicable and expedient to go. On the rest of the lines under my charge all was quiet. Major-General Ord reports the desertion to the enemy of a man who was believed to have been collecting information.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

CITY POINT, August 24, 1864-10.50 a.m.

Major-General MEADE:

Richmond papers of yesterday show great despondency over the affair on the Weldon road, and report five generals killed, but only know positively of two of them, Sanders and Lamar, being actually dead. They seem to be unable to learn anything official of the affair, but have to depend entirely upon citizens going from Petersburg to Richmond for information. They say, however, we have not seen the end of that affair yet.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 24, 1864-11.30 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Deserters prisoners have reported the wounding of the following named Confederate generals in Warren's affair: W. H. F. Lee, Clingman, Sanders, and Harris. If to these is added Lamar, reported dead

