HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 24, 1864-9.30 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following dispatch received from the plank road station:

The enemy at the Weldon railroad occupy the same position they did yesterday and the day before. They continue to work upon their intrenchments at that point. A party is also at work on the fort or large redoubt in that vicinity. All quiet at other points in the enemy's lines visible from this station.

H. W. FULTON,

The forces seen south of the lead-works, according to report received yesterday from the officer at the Walthall house, are the same referred to above.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer.

PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

August 24, 1864-11 a.m.

Major B. F. FISHER:

At 9.40 a column of cavalry numbering about 500 came out of woods north of large fort on Weldon railroad, passed southward on the east side of fort and took a southwesterly direction, disappearing in woods. Enemy working on a new line of works connecting with the main line works in the vicinity of the lead-works and extending southward on the east side of railroad, apparently to connect with new works mentioned in former reports.

H. W. FULTON,

Sergeant.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT,August 24, 1864

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to forward the following rebel signal message intercepted by the officer at the Jordan house:

IMPORTANT.]

Colonel BRENT:

Colonel Jordan reports the enemy in heavy force on our right in his front, near Swift Creek. From our point of observation we have just seen four regiments of infantry pass open space to our left of Cobb's going to their front in Chesterfield, Bermuda Hundred road. Gun-boat a little above Point of Rocks. Gun-boat and steamer just gone down the river.

B.,

Sergeant at C.

(Same to Colonel Guyon [Gwynn] and A. B.)

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. S. STRYKER,

Acting Chief Signal Officer.

