HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 24, 1864-4.25 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following dispatch received from the plank road station:

At 12 m. 700 infantry, with guns (muskets, I suppose) and knapsacks, appeared from the woods in front of our line, in direction of Weldon railroad, and disappeared in woods near large fort west of railroad. A fatigue party of 300 men, with picks and shovels, came out from vicinity of lead-works at 11.30 a.m. moved southward on railroad, and joined the working party in the woods on the right of the fort near the railroad. At 2.30 p.m. a column of infantry, numbering between 3,000 and 4,000 men appeared from the woods, in the vicinity of the fort, along the Weldon railroad and moved southward on line of Weldon railroad. A battery of four pieces headed the column. At the same time another column of infantry, numbering about 3,000 came to the east side of the fort, and after remaining a half hour returned in the same direction (westward) from which they came. About forty wagons and twenty-five ambulances moved westward on the same road in several trains.

FULTON.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer.

AUGUST 24, 1864-5.30 p.m.

Major B. F. FISHER,

Chief Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac:

During the last hour I have observed in an open space southwest from me and about half a mile from lead-works, in Petersburg, four regiments of infantry moving from and out of Petersburg and in direction of their right. Soon after saw one regiment in same open space moving from their right and into Petersburg.

Respectfully, yours, &amp;c.,

F. FULLER,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC.

August 24, 1864-6.22 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following dispatch just received from plank road station:

5.30 P. M.

A column of infantry, consisting of four regiments, moved toward Petersburg on Weldon railroad and disappeared from our view near the lead-works. A column of infantry, extending a mile and a quarter in length, four files deep and well closed up, came from the direction of Petersburg on road west of Weldon railroad, passed on the east side of the fort-the fort about a mile south of the lead-works--and filed westward, disappearing in woods. Fifteen minutes afterward another column, numbering about 2,000 came [over] the same road from Petersburg and followed road running southward on line of Weldon railroad. Sixty-six wagons and seventeen ambulances preceded the first column, going westward.

FULTON.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER.

Major and Chief Signal Officer

