HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 24, 1864-12.30 a.m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

Your dispatch of 11.40 p.m. is received. The commanding general desires me to say that the instructions to General Barlow are approved.* The enemy must be disposed of before the road can be destroyed.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,August 24, 1864-10.30 a.m. (Received 2.30 p.m.)

Major-General MEADE;

General Gibbon is occupying the intrenchments here and General Miles pushing on with the destruction of the railroad. His left is about one mile and a quarter beyond the station. The enemy show no force, retiring as we advance. Their cavalry, which was here in heavy force yesterday, all reported to have retired about an hour since. They held, and still hold, the fork of the Dinwiddie and Reams' Station road and stage road. Their vedettes are still opposite ours on this road. The cavalry picket from here over to Gary's Church on the plank road.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

(Copy to General Grant.)
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,August 24, 1864-8 p.m.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

The road is destroyed for about three miles and a half beyond Reams'. Rowanty is still two miles or so beyond. General Miles' division is behind the intrenchments here to-night. General Gibbon's division will continue the work to-morrow. The enemy's cavalry have been very quiet to-day. General Gregg tells me that they are at the fork of the roads, as described in dispatch of this a.m. My men are much fatigued. General Miles reports his men as tired out. They have not recovered from the fatigue of their late marches. General Gibbon will be separated some three or four miles from here to-morrow. He can, however, in case of need, fall back on the plank road, if the enemy should appear in force on some of the roads between him and Reams'. A negro, who came in to-day, says they are expecting us at Dinwiddie Court-House, and their cavalry appear to be watching the roads in that direction principally.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

(Copy to General Warren.)

---------------

*See Walker to Barlow, 23rd, 10.30 p.m., p. 430.

---------------

