
road, and an engineer officer with some engineer troops has been ordered to report to him. If he should ask for aid from you in the work, please furnish it if you can well do so.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,August 24, 1864-6 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Dispatch of 5.20 received. Will be happy to furnish General Warren all the aid in our power. Major Biddle inspected my line to-day. Will report the condition. Am having the slashing extended to the front. I ordered the roads in front of picket-line blockaded. Hope to have a summary of my line made to-morrow.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, CHIEF QUARTERMASTER'S OFFICE,August 24, 1864-11 p. m.

Brigadier-General GREGG, Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: General Hancock directs me to say that has a dispatch from General Humphreys that signal officer report large bodies of infantry moving south from Petersburg on the Vaughan and Halifax roads, and General Humphreys expresses his opinion that they are for operation against us. General Warren, however, is of the opinion that they are working parties on a new line the enemy are knew to be building. The general would like you to see how strongly the enemy hold the Vaughan road at daylight to-morrow, sending a squadron up the road as far as practicable.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., August 24, 1864-1.20 p. m.

Major-General BUTLER, Commanding, &amp;c.:

Has a division of the Tenth Corps started yet to replace the Eighteenth? General Ord has just asked Meade for any spare troops he may have, staring that are indications of an attack, and that a number of deserters having gone over to the enemy's last night, who may have given information of his weakness, makes him fear the result. If a division of Birney's has not gone, how long will it take to get one there?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS,August 24, 1864-1.45 p. m.

Lieutenant General U. S. GRANT, Commanding, 7c., City Point:

General Ord telegraphs me that his lookout inform him that large bodies of troops, supposed to be 5,000, are concentrating in front of his

