HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 25, 1864-11.50 p. m.

General GRANT:

On learning that Hancock was withdrawing I ordered Parke and Warren to halt the re-enforcements on the way to him, and communicate with him as to the necessity of their advancing farther, and in case he did not require them to recall them. Warren felt perfectly secure without these reverse; with them he will be prepared for any attack. I think it probable the enemy may follow up Hancock on the plank road, though if he has been as severely punished as the accounts from Hancock would indicate, he will most probably be satisfied with Hancock's withdrawal and the capture of the guns. I have already reports that it was the opposition of the staff officer that the loss in prisoners was small.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

WASHINGTON, August 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Scouts report that no troops had moved to or from the Valley up to Tuesday night, 23. Rebels are hauling considerable grain by wagon to Beaver Dam Station.

GEO. K. LEET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., August 25, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Brevet Major-General MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

General Gregg has 700 dismounted men here, and wants that number of cavalry horses at once. He has 900 dismounted men in Washington, and would like to have them mounted and sent back. General Grant has sent orders to General Halleck on the subject. I have not heard from Kautz, but presume he will require 1,400. Five hundred have been received and issued to Kautz.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,August 25, 1864-12.20 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

I have just arrived at Mott's on my way. Have two deserters who were from Mahone. They said Mahone was not relieved this morning; that two of his brigades had gone up to the railroad; that the troops we saw yesterday in front of Ord were Scales' brigade, Wilcox's division, and that they continued on to the railroad; that the talk among the men was that Lee was accumulating all his available force on the railroad determined to drive us off; that in front of Mott's they had but one rank in the intrenchments, the line not being as strong as their

