
picket-line, and that they depended on their artillery to hold this line. I directed Mott to have his reserves all ready to send to Hancock or Warren if required. Parke tells me there has been cannonading at Reams' about an hour ago.

GEO. G. MEADE.

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,August 25, 1864-1 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Warren informs me that Hancock has sent word that the enemy's cavalry have broken through his left, and indicates a fear of their getting possession of the plank road. Direct General Mott to send his available force immediately down the plank road to the intersection of the Reams' Station road. He will find some artillery of the Ninth Corps at the Williams house and can take all of the batteries. Tell him to communication to Hancock as soon as he reaches there. Hancock is at Reams' Station.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 25, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Major-General MEADE,

General Warren's Headquarters:

General W[arren] will show you dispatch from General H[ancock] dated 11.40 a. m. I send you one dated 10.20 a. m. I notified Mott at once, and Parke also, informing them of substance of Hancock's dispatch, and telling them to get all their commands under arms, Mott to hold the greater part of this ready to move in any directions, all except a this line in the intrenchments. I have ordered the cavalry at headquarters, provost-marshal's included, to get ready, and will send them down the plank road to look out there and report to the officer commanding in that vicinity. I have notified Kautz.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 25, 1864.

Major-General MEADE,

General Warren's headquarters:

Captain McEntee reports the statement of two deserters from Harris' brigade, Mahone's division, who deserted from picket-line this morning at 6 o'clock. Wright's, Harris', and Finegan's brigades are in the trenches. Weisiger's and Sanders' brigades, together with Scales' brigade, of Wilcox's division, went down the Weldon railroad about dark yesterday. Davis' brigade, of Heth's division, they say, is on the left of Finegan; the remained of Heth, they think, is on the right of Mahone. They think Hagoods and Colquitt's brigades marched with theirs last evening down the railroad. Major Fisher, signal officer, says the troops working on the intrenchments south of the lead-works

