
necessary, and that the order had already gone forth, that one of the cavalry divisions sent to Early should return. Some other citizens stated that the division recalled was already on its way back, but our agent was unable to fix this with certainty. Citizens in Richmond said that Early had whipped the Yankees out of the Valley, and that he was now on his way to Pennsylvania. A Mr. Slater, who is a clerk in the telegraph office at Richmond said that-General Sherman would be the works used up man in this war, and that operations in his rear were in progress that would insure his defeat. Twenty-seven hundred prisoners are claimed to have ben taken in the fight on the Weldon railroad, who are now on Belle Isle, but are to be shortly sent to Georgia. It is claimed that the Weldon railroad is to be retaken at whatever cost. A very large number of wounded men were brought into Richmond front the direction of Petersburg after the railroad fight, and the agent thinks that the trains running on Monday from Petersburg to Richmond and returning were loaded with the wounded going up, and going down were conveying the troops which had been operating on the north side of the river. He could nor learn of any new movements of troops, except of the return of those which had been on the north side of the James. He did not see as much as a company of soldiers in Richmond while there. in going to Richmond on Monday saw no troops, except about 300 cavalry near White's Tavern. He understood that they were going to Malvern Hill. The force which two weeks ago was camped about four miles from White's Tavern, toward the river, estimated at about sever regiments, is there still. The road for about thirteen miles southerly from Richmond is blocked with fallen trees. Flour, which a week ago worth $210, sold day before yesterday for $300, and is still advancing.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEO. H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 25, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

The last deserters who know anything of Mahone came ion on night of 23rd instant and stated that Finegan's and Wright's brigades were there, and they supposed the whole division was there. Inclosed please find telegram from General Butler's department, which is the latest we have in regard to Pickett.*

J. McENTEE,

Captain, &c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,August 25, 1864

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Two deserters from Forty-eighth Mississippi, Harris' brigade, Mahone's division, who left their pickett-line this morning about 6 o'clock, just arrived here, and make the following report:

---------------

*See Davenport to Sharpe, August 23, p. 437.

---------------

