
Mahone's division lies in the trenches, occupying their old position, and is disposed in the following order from their right to left, viz, Wright, Harris, Finegan. The two other brigades, Weisiger's and Sanders', together with Scales' brigade, of Wilcox's division, marched down the Weldon railroad about dark. They were ordered to leave their tents standing and to getaway as quietly as possible. During the latter part of yesterday afternoon informants saw Generals Lee and Beauregard riding hurriedly upon the Weldon railroad in front of the lead-works. They are of impression that the enemy intend attacking our left again. Davis' brigade, of Heth's division, they say, is on the left of Finegan's, and the balance of Hath's division, they think, is on the right of Mahone's division, lying to the right of the lead-works. They say that the enemy have no troops in reserve about the city; that all troops, except those marched down the railroad, are lying the trenches. They think that Hagood's and Colquitt's brigades marched down the railroad yesterday evening with troops of their division. One of them is certain that he saw Scales' brigade marching in that direction(down the railroad) last evening, but saw no other brigade of Wilcox' division.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McENTEE,

Captain, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS GENERAL WARREN,[August 25, 1864]-4.10 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

The following from Captain McEntee is just received:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,August 25, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: A deserted from Forty-first Virginia Regiment, Mahone's brigade and division, who left his picket-line, on the right of plank road, about 12 o'clock to-day, reports that Mahone's and Sanders' brigades, with exception of Forty-first Virginia Regiment, marched last evening, with there days' rations. He heard the major of his regiment say that three division, besides the two mentioned brigades, were on the move, and he thought they intended to get in rear of General Warren.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McENTEE,

Captain, &c.

P. S.-He also states that there are very few men in our front; that men are in one rank in the trenches and have no reserve.

J. McE.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 25, 1864-7.10 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Inclosed please find note just received from Colonel Sharpe. Sanders' and Mahone's brigades, of Mahone's division, may be in front

