
of General Butler, but I think the balance of the division still in our front. We had a deserter who left there at 12 o'clock to-day, and he states that Finegan, Harris, and Wright were then in our front.

Respectfully,

J. McENTEE,

Captain, &amp;c.

[Inclosure.]

CITY POINT, August 25, 18645.

Captain McENTEE:

I learn that the information of General Butler to-day is to the effect that Field is still on the north side of the James. Nothing is known there of Wilcox. "Mahone arrived to the rear of Pickett's division at 1 o'clock this a. m. He is going to relieve Pickett, it is stated, who is going to Petersburg."

Yours,

G. K. SHARPE,

Colonel, &c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 25, 1864-7.15 p. m.

Colonel SHARPE,

City Point:

Mahone's and Sanders' brigades may be in General Butler's front, but the balance of that division was in our front at 12 m. to-day, so says deserter.

J. McENTEE,

Captain, &c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 25, 1864.

Colonel SHARPE,

City Point, Va.:

Deserter from Forty-first Virginia reports that Sanders' and Mahone's brigades, with exception of Forty-first Regiment, moved last night with three days' rations. Heard the major of his regiment say that three division besides the two brigades were on the march, and that an important move was on foot. Suppose their destination was Stony Creek and intention to get in Warren's rear. Intelligent contraband from west of Reams' says the pickets told his masters that a big force was to be there to-day and whip the Yankees off railroad. Generals Lee and Beauregard were seen riding rapidly about near lead-works yesterday evening. Scales' brigade was seen on the march with other troops.

Troops are in one line in our front with no reserves.

J. McENTEE,

Captain.

CITY POINT, August 25, 1864-8 p. m.

Captain McENTEE,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

I think it proper say that the information sent you in quotation marks to the effects of Mahone being in the rear of Pickett is not of the

