HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,August 25, 1864-10.20 a. m.

General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

While General Gibbon was moving out the enemy drove in Spear's cavalry on the road crossing the railroad about a mile to my left, near the Smart house. General Gibbon was instructed to drive them back to the point they came from before proceeding farther. They show a pretty strong front, probably only cavalry.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,August 25, 1864-11.40 a. m.

General HUMPHREYS:

The enemy have driven in the cavalry on the left on the Stony Creek road. Part of them or some other has passed around to my left and broken through Gregg's line running from here to the plank road. I do not know that there is anything more than cavalry. If there is anything on the plank road around the Williams house it had batter be looked after. General Gibbon is engaging the enemy on my left, and General Gregg, with a few infantry, is attacking those who broke through to the rear.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

(Copy to General Warren.)
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,August 25, 1864-1 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

Warren has informed me of your dispatch announcing the breaking through your left by the enemy's cavalry. I have directed Mott to send all his available force down the plank road to the Reams' Station road and to take one Parke's batteries, now at the Williams house, with him. The officer in charge of this command is directed to report to you on this arrival. I think, from all the information I cam obtain, that the enemy's are about assuming the offensive, and will either attack you or interpose between you and Warren. Under these circumstances, I fear we cannot do much more damage to the railroad. That being the case, you can exercise your judgment about withdrawing your command and resuming your position on the left and rear of Warren, either where you were before or only other position which, in your judgment, will be better calculated for the purpose and based on the knowledge of the country your recent operations may have giver you. Let me know by the bearer the condition of things in your front, and you views.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,August 25, 1864-2 p. m.

General MEADE:

GENERAL: The enemy have been feeling all around me and are now cheering in my front, advancing and driving in my skirmishers. I

