
commanding general directs that you halt the division you have sent, and send a staff officer to ascertain whether General Hancock wants the troops to cover his withdrawal. If he does, they will be moved to him; if not, they will be recalled.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.

(Same to General Parke.)

[Indorsement.]

General Crawford need not send a staff officer, but have Lieutenant Howell go to General Hancock to find out if he wants troops and await Lieutenant Howell's return.

By command of Major-General Warren:

A. S. MARVIN, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

August 25, 1864-1.15 p. m.

Division commanders will have their commands ready for action at the shortest notice.

By command of Major-General Warren:

A. S. MARVIN, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,August 25, 1864-1 p. m.

General GRIFFIN:

The battery on road looking south from the left of your line ought to have arrangements made so that it can be covered on its right flank and at the same time be able to fire to the right if necessary. Will you please have that attended to?

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,August 25, 1864-11 p. m.

General GRIFFIN:

The enemy broke in on General Hancock's right to-night near Reams' Station, so as to cut off our communication from here with him. Our cavalry still hold nearly down to that place, and will remain on our flank. General Meade has directed me to send General Crawford with his force by way of the road to-night. Willcox's division has already gone, and White's division goes with Crawford. I shall have to depend upon your two division and the artillery to hold this place. I think a single rank behind the breast-works is amply sufficient to do so, and wish the troops so disposed at daylight, putting in reserve all that can be withdrawn. General Griffin will mass his troops convenient to this left and center, and General Ayres his present headquarters. All provost guards will be put in the line behind the intrenchments, and whatever men (no matter what duty they are on) that can be made available with muskets. The enemy may attempt to get between us and the plank road, in case Hancock falls back to the plank

