
IN THE FIELD, August 25, 1864.

Major-General HALLECK,

Chief of Staff:

I am about to go North, by leave of General Grant to, probate my brother's will which cannot be done without my personal presence. There are matters of business connected with my command and the exchange of prisoners which will require me to visit Washington.

Have I permission to do so?

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-general, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, August 25, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding, &amp;c.:

The enemy made a charge on our picket-line early this morning because of the information of some deserters who went over last night saying that our troops were all moving away. Thereupon General Pickett is reported saying that he wanted to straighten his line near Ware Bottom Church, and made a charge for that purpose with a very strong skirmish line. For the moment pour pickets were pressed back, but they recovered and charged in return, and retook all our own picket-line and part of theirs. The loss of the enemy is pretty large. Ours I have not yet learned, but it is trifling. We have captured fifteen prisoners.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,August 25, 1864-12.30 o'clock.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

General Birney reports that he has re-established his picket-line, which was forced back by a charge from the enemy; that in a charge in return he has taken 50 prisoners-two commissioned officers. We have also five deserters. Our loss in killed and wounded is trifling. it was a plucky little affair on the part of General Foster. As all seems to be going right now I will, at 2 o'clock, start North. A telegram will reach me at Willard's, or at the Fifth Avenue, New York, if you should desire to communicate with me. I have over the command to General Ord, the senior, during my absence.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, August 25, 1864-8.06 p. m.

Colonel BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, City Point:

General Birney's report of the attack on his line this morning shows our loss as 1 killed, 16 wounded, and 14 missing. The enemy's loss in killed and wounded must have been more that double our loss, as they attacked us in our rifle-pits. We captured 61 prisoners.

J. W. SHAFFER,

Colonel and Chief of Staff.

