
these men were at their brigade last they had closed up to their old position, Finegan remaining on their left and Heth's division on their right. They heard that Wilcox's division had also returned. They have had negro prisoners, whom they captured from us, at work exhuming their dead from the mine. They had from 200 to 250 negro prisoners at work there. They all say that they have seen many battle-fields, but never saw so many dead men lying on the same space of ground as they saw there. They saw that the most of them appeared to be killed by artillery, as they were horribly mangled. They also state that their men are at work rebuilding the fort which was blown up.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. McENTEE,

Captain and Assistant Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, August 1, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

Private Thompson, of the Second Florida Regiment, Perry's brigade, came in this morning and reports that he left the picket-line about 12 o'clock last night. He was in the trenches just before dark, and up to that time no re-enforcements had arrived that he had heard of. Mahone's and Wright's brigades are still in position near the mine.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,JNO. McENTEE,

Captain and Assistant Provost-Marshal.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, August 1, 1864.

Colonel G. H. SHARPE,

City Point:

Deserters report that Heth's division returned Saturday evening and took position on the right of Mahone, joining Harris' brigade. Wright's, Mahone's, and Sanders' brigades are lying in reserve for Johnson's division. They also think that Wilcox's division has returned, and were told that all the troops which followed Second Corps to north of James had returned. Finegan is between Harris and Johnson's division.

J. McENTEE,

Captain, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, August 1, 1864-9 a. m.

Captain FISHER,Chief Signal Officer:

Parties of enemy at work on embrasure in redoubt at Gregory's house, also on new work half a mile to right and rear of Gregory's house.

I. S. LYON,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.

