HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., August 25, 1864.

Brigadier General A. H. TERRY,

Commanding Division, Tenth Corps:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Ord to ask you to re-enforce as soon as possible that portion of the line of trenches from which General Ames has been relieved, with the full number of men you intend shall occupy the line. You will also please relieve, as fast as your men come up, that portion of the line occupied by Colonel Fairchild's brigade. The movements will have to be made very carefully in order to prevent drawing the fire of the enemy. Have the men take the bayonets off their pieces, and use all means of concealment in passing along the covered ways and in the trenches. Colonel Fairchild and staff will render you every assistance, and give any information you may desire to facilitate you in relieving the trenches.

I am, general, very respectfully, yours,

THEODORE READ,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS,August 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General TERRY,

Commanding Division, Tenth Corps:

GENERAL: I am instructed by Major-General Ord to say that you need not keep your reserve troops formed any longer, but that he wishes you to have your men sleep on their arms in readiness for any night attack, and that you have all your troops under arms half an hour before daylight, in readiness for any emergency.

Very respectfully,

THEODORE READ,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd Brigadier, 1ST DIV., 10TH A. C.,Numbers 105. Deep Bottom, Va., August 25, 1864.

* * * * * * *

II. In obedience to instructions from corps headquarters the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers will proceed to corps headquarters, using all possible dispatch, and report to the assistant adjutant-general, Tenth Army Corps.

III. Colonel G. B. Dandy will at once proceed with his command to headquarters Tenth Army Corps. They will move in heavy marching order with shelter-tents, knapsacks, &amp;c.

IV. The commanding officer of the Eleventh Maine Volunteers will at once proceed with his command to corps headquarters. They will move in heavy marching order with shelter-tents, knapsacks, &c.

By order of Colonel H. M. Plaisted, Eleventh Maine Volunteers, commanding brigade:

[THOS. F. EDMANDS,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

