HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,August 25, 1864.

Brigadier-General AMES:

General Ord has countermanded the order for Birney's brigade to come back. Colonel Grubb, commanding Spring Hill, reports a rebel column moving toward our front (Battery 3, old).

By order of Major-General Birney:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Petersburg, Va., August 25, 1864.

Colonel E. WRIGHT,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: I am directed by the general commanding to inform you that your command will be relieved to-night as soon as it is dark enough to do it with safety. You will send two staff officers to these headquarters to conduct the colored troops, who are to relieve regiments of your command, to their position on the line. you will cause your camp to be struck, wagons loaded and moved to the rear of division headquarters in the open space, and see that your command is ready to be put in motion as soon as relieved, when you will form your brigade in the rear of division headquarters. On the march the trains will precede the columns. Every precaution will be taken to prevent straggling. Company and regimental commanders will march in the rear of their respective commands. The rear guard will march in the rear of the brigade to urge forward all stragglers. you will march in the rear of your command, accompanied by the senior medical officer, who will allow none to leave the ranks or be put upon ambulances, unless their condition absolutely requires it. Your assistant adjutant-general, accompanied by an orderly, will move at the head of the column to receive orders for the general direction of the troops. You will allow the column to rest for ten minutes occasionally, being careful to notify your command of the length of the rest, and also being careful to select open ground where there are no trees nor bushes, so that none may be left behind asleep and be overlooked.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SOLON A. CARTER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-If you have employment for your staff officers, officers from these headquarters will put the troops in line.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Petersburg, Va., August 25, 1864.

Colonel E. WRIGHT,

Commanding Second Brigade:

COLONEL: By direction of the general commanding you will have your command formed as soon as possible after being relieved in the

