
immediate vicinity of your own headquarters. You will see that they are supplied with seven days' rations and 100 rounds of ammunition upon their person. Division headquarters will be there in a short time.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

SOLON A. CARTER,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., August 26, 1864-10 a. m.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

I have no report of casualties yet from operations yesterday near Reams' Station. Orders were given during the day for General Hancock to return, but, being pressed by the enemy, he could not do so until night. Frequent assaults were repulsed, but just before night the enemy carried one point of the line and captured eight pieces of artillery. The staff officer, who gives the only report I have, thinks the enemy were very severely punished, and that our loss in prisoners will be small. During the night General Hancock returned to his place in line without opposition. yesterday morning the enemy drove in general Butler's picket-line. The picket guard soon rallied, however, drove the enemy back, and re-established their lines. The result was 1 killed, 16 wounded, and 14 missing on our side. Two commissioned officers and 59 men were captured from the enemy. What their casualties were in killed and wounded we do not know.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 26, 1864-10 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Hancock's troops were withdrawn without molestation or being followed. He is now near the Williams house. He reports his command at present unserviceable. A report from General Gregg, commanding cavalry on Warren's left and Hancock's rear, reports the enemy pressing his pickets a little this morning with a view, he thinks, of picking up stragglers. Warren's and Parke's troops have returned to their former position, and every preparation has been made to meet any further offensive movements of the enemy. All else quiet.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,August 26, 1864-12.30 p. m.

General GRANT:

A safeguard that was left on the battle-field remained there till after daylight this morning. At that time the enemy had all disappeared, leaving their dead on the field unburied. This shows how severely they were punished, and doubtless hearing of the arrival of re-enforcements they feared the result to-day if they remained.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

