
and rear attack the enemy will be most severely handled. The cavalry ought to watch the enemy well and give full notice of the direction from which he comes, and when they are forced back into our lines they should fight on foot with our infantry. If Warren can be further reenforced by putting Hancock's men on the line and relieving some now there, it ought to be done. I give this as my view from the intercepted dispatch of Beauregard.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,August 26, 1864-2 p. m.

General GRANT:

I have just received your dispatch in reference to an attack upon Warren. All you suggest has been done. Warren is prepared, and Gregg's cavalry is well out watching all approaches. I have sent you the information by the safeguard, showing you how terribly the enemy was punished yesterday, and that they retired last night to Petersburg, leaving their dead and wounded on the field. This may be owing to their intention to attack at some other point, but I don't think it will be on Warren. previous to your dispatch I had directed Hancock to relieve Ferrero's division of colored troops, not to increase Warren's defensive force, but to use these troops in the construction of Warren's redoubts, as they work so much better than the white troops, and save the latter for fighting.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 26, 1864-9.15 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The usual quiet has prevailed along the lines to-day. This p. m. signal officers reported the movement of considerable bodies of the enemy (artillery and infantry) passing the lead-works into Petersburg, some turning apparently to the left, our the enemy's right. This was undoubtedly the force that attacked Hancock yesterday, returning to their intrenchments. The following disposition of troops will be made to-morrow: The Second Corps, one division in the trenches from the left of the Tenth Corps to the Strong house, with one division in reserve on the Jerusalem plank road and one division in reserve in rear of the point of junction of the Second and Tenth Corps; three divisions of the Ninth Corps on the line between the Strong house and the right of Fifth Corps; the Fourth Division, colored, in reserve at the Gurley house, to be employed in constructing the field-works to be built to strengthen the line; three divisions of the Fifth corps on the line crossing the Weldon railroad and extending down that road to the Perking house; a fourth division in reserve. by this arrangement each corps has reserve which can, in case of emergency, be concentrated at any point threatened. Major-General Birney, commanding Tenth Corps, has reported part of his corps being in the trenches occupied by the Eighteenth; the balance to relieve part of the Eighteenth.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

