
last named divisions are still lying in the trenches in front of Petersburg. I also find some changes in the organization of the enemy's cavalry. General Hampton has been promoted to be lieutenant-general, and is in command of the whole cavalry force, which is now organized into three divisions, commanded respectively by General Fitz Lee, General W. H. F. Lee, and General Butler. General Fitz Lee has Wickham's and Lomax's brigades, and is now in the Valley with his force. General W. H. F. Lee has Davis' (Chambliss' old), Barringer's and Dearing's brigades. Dearing's brigade is composed of Fourth North Carolina, Seventh Confederate, and Second Georgia Regiments. Butler's division is composed of Young's, Rosser's, and Butler's brigades. Butler's brigade is composed of Fourth, Fifth, and Sixth South Carolina Regiments; came here from South Carolina last May. First and Second South Carolina, of Young's brigade, relieved the three latter regiments on the coast of South Carolina. There is also a brigade of cavalry not attached to a division, commanded by Colonel Gary, and composed of Twenty-fourth Virginia, Seventh South Carolina, and Hampton's Legion. With the exception of the two brigades with General Early, and perhaps two or three regiments left north of the James, I think all of the above mentioned cavalry are on the enemy's right, near Stony Creek.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McENTEE,

Captain, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 26, 1864.

Colonel SHARPE,

City Point, Va.:

The troops in front of General Hancock were Wilcox's division entire. Anderson's brigade, of Field's, has been exchanged for Thomas', of Wilcox's, which may have given Davenport impression that Wilcox was there. Cooke's and Kirkland's, of Heth's, and Mahone's and Sanders', of Mahone's, were also at Reams'. The balance of the two latter divisions were left in trenches in our front. All their cavalry under Lieutenant-General Hampton, save Wickham and Lomax, were also at Reams'. There may be two or three regiments of cavalry north of James, but the brigades are represented here.

J. McENTEE,

Captain.

CITY POINT, August 26, 1864.

Lieutenant MANNING,

General Butler's Staff:

LIEUTENANT: The troops which fought Hancock were Wilcox's division entire, Cooke's and Kirkland's, of Heth's, and sanders' and Mahone's, of Anderson's. Thomas' brigade, of Wilcox's, has been exchanged for Anderson's brigade, of Field's. The other brigades of Heth and Mahone were left in the trenches on our front. We think all the cavalry was also at Reams' Station. What do you get?

SHARPE,

Colonel.

