HEADQUARTERS,August 26, 1864-4.15 p. m. (Received 4.25 p. m.)

Colonel SHARPE,

City Point:

Two deserters from Eighth Virginia and Twenty-fourth Virginia, terry's and Hunton's brigades, report matters unchanged in our front. They know nothing of Mahone, and say no new troops have arrived. One deserter from Sixty-third Tennessee came in from Deep Bottom; says Jonson's old brigade is on the north bank, but knows nothing outside his brigade. Refugee from Richmond reports much dissatisfaction in the city. Women congregate before Jeff. Davis' house and mayor's office, demanding meal, and that great suffering exists. The negro troops taken from Burnside's corps, are treated brutally. He came out of Richmond by the way of Chaffin's farm, and says there are few troops between the city and Deep Bottom. Johnson's battery, with 300 men, across the road from Chaffin's farm, and further below a command of 500 men, North Carolinians, under colonel Elliott, were the only forces he met.

FRED. L. MANNING,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

August 26, 1864-6.15 a. m.

Major B. F. FISHER:

The numbers of the enemy on the line of works, lately thrown up, between lead-works and large fort near Weldon railroad, appear less this morning than yesterday. A party of twenty-five were at work on the line joining the works in vicinity of lead-works and the working party, then busy working, joined the fifty and they went down the railroad and disappeared in the woods at the north side of the large fort. All quiet at other points of the enemy's line visible from this station and no changes visible.

H. W. FULTON,

Sergeant.

EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS SIGNAL STATION,

August 26, 1864.

Major B. F. FiSHER,

Chief Signal Officer:

Colonel BRENT:

Two steamers have just come above pontoon, 1 p. m., with flags from stem to stern. Three regiments of infantry have just come out of breast-works in open space to left of Cobb's and are going toward the woods in rear of that point. Five six-horse wagons passed Bermuda Hundred road going toward that place. Eighteen six-horse wagons now passing open space going to enemy's front in Chesterfield.

(Same to A. B.)
HEADQUARTERS,Chesterfield, August 26, 1864-12.45 p. m.

General BEAUREGARD:

So much the better. Only one division arrived yet from Richmond 11.15.

G. E. PICKETT,

Major-General, Commanding.

FULLER,

Lieutenant, Signal Officer.

