
AUGUST 26, 1864.

Major FISHER:

Enemy's signal report:

New tented camp below pontoon bridge on Bermuda Hundred side. Squads of four or five seen moving about in it. Six or seven wagons crossed pontoon bridge and moved toward open space to left of Cobb's.

A. C. JORDAN,

ORDERS.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

August 26, 1864.

The following disposition of troops will be made to-morrow morning the 27th instant:

1. Major-General Hancock will retain one division of his corps on the plank road in the vicinity of the Williams house. One division will be established in the vicinity of the Avery house. General Mott's division will continue to hold the line it is now posted on. 2. Major-General Parke will relieve Ferrero's division by Willcox's and White's divisions, which will hold the line from the Strong house to Potter's right. Ferrero's division will be established in reserve in the vicinity of the Gurley house.

3. General Gregg's division of cavalry will be posted between the Weldon railroad and plank road; General Kautz's division between the plank road and the James River. General Gregg will receive his directions from these headquarters, and will, besides reporting to it everything important that occurs, communicate to General Warren and General Hancock whatever concerns their respective commands.

4. The chief engineer will proceed at once to the construction of the redoubts proposed for the left of the line on the Weldon railroad, and of the works at Burnt Chimneys and the Strong house. He will call on the commanders having troops in reserve for working parties.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,August 26, 1864-2 a. m.

Major-General MEADE:

My troops are now massing near the Williams house. It will be a long time before the stragglers are up and my command organized so as to be serviceable. It has been engaged in one of the severest and most obstinate battles the corps has ever fought. At dark the enemy held only the lien they had taken from General Gibbon and General Gregg. I had retaken part of my intrenchments, and would have retaken everything if I had had another brigade at about 6 or 7 o'clock. Unfortunately your note telling me that re-enforcements were ordered up did not reach me till 4.15, and it was 5 before I could reach either Mott or Willcox. General Miles' and General Gregg's commands did particularly well. I lost several guns. The horses had nearly all been shot before the final assault. The line taken from General Gibbon was so close to my only remaining line of retreat that I decided not to imperil Willcox by putting him in after dark, but withdrew my command. It will not be available to-day for any serious work. The

