HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,August 26, 1864-8.20 p. m.

General MEADE:

General Gregg tells me he did not receive any order from you to-day directing the advance toward Reams'. He is here this evening.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 26, 1864-9.20 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

Your telegram of 8.20 just received. I did not send any orders to General Gregg to-day, as I intended you to send them an thought I so expressed myself. An order will be issued this evening directing Gregg to report to these headquarters, but requiring him to notify you of anything occurring on the plank road and Warren of anything on the railroad. I should judge from your dispatch about the ambulances that the enemy's cavalry occupy Reams', in which case Gregg has not the force to dislodge them, and I do not wish to bring on an unequal fight, but he might send a flag of truce and propose to the commander there to send a party to bury our dead.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS. HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, Jones' House, before Petersburg, Va.,

Numbers 216 August 26, 1864.

* * * * * * *

3. Hereafter no officers of this corps will be assigned to the command of a brigade unless with the approval of the commander of the corps. Whenever an officer succeeds to the command of a brigade by virtue of seniority his name will be reported to these headquarters, with the recommendation of the commander of this division, without delay. A list of the present brigade commanders will be sent to these headquarters, with a statement whether they command brigades by virtue of seniority or not.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

W. P. WILSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

August 26, 1864.

It having been understood that several stand of colors were lost on the 25th instant, a report will be made at once as to what regiments in the different divisions are without their colors.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

W. P. WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

