
notifying him that you need them. He is instructed to that effect. Should he be attacked and need supports, let him have them from Crawford's and other troops.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Copy to Major-General Parke.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 26, 1864-10.45 a. m.

COMMANDING OFFICER FIFTH CORPS:

Lieutenant-General Grant has ordered that certain works be constructed along the line occupied by your troops. These works will be constructed under the superintendence of Major Duane, acting chief engineer, and the commanding general directs that on the requisition of that officer you furnish as strong working parties as you can consistently with the safety of the position held by you.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to commanding officer Ninth Army Corps, August 26, 1864-2 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHRREYS:

I have received no information from our cavalry to-day. I have nearly completed an inclosed line at this point, into which General Parke's line can retire if suddenly broken, and the rest might retire toward the plank road. I think no apprehension need be felt for us beyond what is ordinarily possible if we become isolated. As soon as these arrangements are made we will go to work forming a line facing south from here to the Gurley house. I have your dispatch about supporting General Parke, and have seen him.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

[HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

August 26, 1864.]

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff;

I send you the following, just received:

SIGNAL STATION, Davis House, August 26, 1864-7 p. m.

[Colonel LOCKE:]

At 5.50 p. m. four regiments of enemy's infantry passed to our right on Squirrel road; a general and staff precede the column, and the escort carried two large flags. The troops were accompanied by a number of stretcher-bearers and followed by one ambulance. At 6 o'clock saw ten wagons; at 6.15 one battery of artillery passed and was followed by a brigade of infantry marching rapidly; at 6.25 a heavy column composed of artillery passed, and continued to fill the road as long as observation was possible. All moved to our right.

Respectfully,

GEO. J. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.

