
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

August 26, 1864-6.15 a. m.

General Hancock sends me word that he has been withdrawing during the night from Reams' Station to the Williams house, covered by General Willcox's division. His men are very much demoralized and cannot be much relied upon this morning. Lost very heavily in killed and wounded, and nine pieces of artillery. Use every effort to hasten the disposition of our troops, so that we may have a reserve force to meet and attack coming from toward the plank road, and to expedite the slashing of timber and forming a line on that side. I have no knowledge of what this cannonading is that is now going on.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,August 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General GRIFFIN,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding desires you to send out early to-morrow morning as many men as you have axes for, to slash the brush in front of the line constructed by Colonel Gregory, and report the number of men sent out for this purpose, so as to enable the major-general commanding to take them into account in the general arrangement of working details.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRED. T. LOCKE.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,August 26, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that a reliable officer comes in from my picket-line and reports the rebels going at a fast pace,m artillery and infantry, along the Squirrel road toward Petersburg just before dark.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. AYRES,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,August 26, 1864-7.30 a. m.

Brigadier-General BRAGG:

A staff officer has been sent out to find the right of General Willcox's line, looking to the forming of a line to meet an attack coming from the plank road. The general commanding directs that you move out your command as soon as this line is ascertained and set your men at work at once slashing timber. Have your men in readiness at once. A staff officer will be sent to move you out.

Very respectfully,

GEO. MONTEITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

