HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,August 26, 1864-6.30 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

General Willcox has arrived with his division, having covered the withdrawal of General Hancock to the forks of the plank road. he reached a point within a mile of the fight and took a position there, by order of General Hancock, to cover his withdrawal from Reams' Station. The division is now massed in the vicinity of these headquarters.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,August 26, 1864-9 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

I have the honor to report that nothing unusual has transpired on my immediate front during the past twenty-four hours. Potter's and Ferrero's divisions occupy the line from the Strong house to Warren's right. White's division is in reserve on the left of my line, and Willcox has returned from General Hancock and now massed at the Gurley house. I learn indirectly that the cavalry cover our rear from Warren's left over to the plank road.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,

August 26, 1864.

I. Until further order the troops of the corps occupying the trenches will be turned out at 4 a. m. and remain under arms until 5 o'clock, at which hour the rolls will be called and inspections will be made by companies, under the supervision of regimental commanders. All absentees will be noted and reported to brigade commanders.

II. During the day one-fourth of the troops occupying the intrenchments will be under arms with their accouterments on. At night their number will be increased to one-third.

III. The troops in reserve will be paraded daily at 5 a. m. for roll-call and inspection. Absentees will be reported as required in paragraph I.

IV. Brigade commanders will forward to their division commanders daily reports of the strength of their respective brigades.

ROBERT A. HUTCHINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,August 26, 1864.

Brigadier General S. G. GRIFFIN,

Commanding Second Brigade:

GENERAL: By telegraph from headquarters Army of the Potomac, the general commanding the Ninth Army Corps is directed to use extraordinary vigilance to-day to detect any movement or attempt of the

