
enemy. You will give orders to your command to insure every precaution and a vigilant lookout on the part of both picket and main line. Any demonstration or movement of the enemy observed will be reported at once.

By command of Brigadier-General Potter:

SAM. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,August 26, 1864.

Brigadier-General FERRERO,

Commanding Fourth Division:

GENERAL: The following is an extract from orders just received from headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Major-General Parke will relieve Ferrero's division by Willcox's and White's divisions, which will hold the line from the Strong house to Potter's right. Ferrero's division will be established in reserve in the vicinity of the Gurley house.

I have directed Generals Willcox and White to relieve your division on the line to-morrow morning. On being relieved you will please move your division and encamp it in the vicinity of the Gurley house. Major-General Hancock is directed to retain one division of his corps on the plank road in the vicinity of the Williams house, and General Gregg's division of cavalry, will be posted between the Weldon railroad and the plank road.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, August 26, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

You have permission to visit Washington.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS,August 26, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I think Major-General Birney and Tenth Corps, on this side south of Appomattox, should act in concert with General Meade, and therefore in that matter should be under his orders. I endeavored to see and act, and offered General Meade all my reserves, 3,000, last evening, if needed.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH CORPS,August 26, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

General Birney is bringing to this side over 12,000 infantry to relieve 7,600 of my corps. Of these 7,600 1,600 will go to Deep Bottom, and 2,800 to Spring Hill, south Appomattox, leaving me with 3,200 to

