
The commanding officers of brigades will detail a strong rear guard to prevent straggling. To accomplish this end line officers will march in rear of their companies, field officers in rear of their regiments, and brigade commanders in rear of their brigade, seeing personally that their commands are kept well closed up. Canteens will be filled before starting, and no one will be permitted to leave the ranks except for urgent reasons. A limited amount of transportation in excess of that already allowed can be procured from the division quartermaster for the knapsacks of such men as are unable to carry them, thus enabling them to keep up with the column. Let there be no delay when the order to move is received.

By order of Brigadier General R. S. Foster:

[J. M. BARNARD, JR.,]

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 10TH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 80. Near Hatcher's, Va., August 26, 1864.

* * * * * * *

2. Captain George W. Gardener, commanding Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, will, so soon as relieved by troops of the Eighteenth Corps, report with his command to Colonel F. A. Osborn, commanding Third Brigade, and will be temporarily assigned to that brigade for duty until further orders.

3. By direction of Major-General Ord, the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers will accompany the troops leaving to-night, and when relieved the commanding officer will report at these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier-General Foster:

P. A. DAVIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,[August 26, 1864.]

Major-General BIRNEY:

Colonel Grubb has two 20-pounder Parrotts and 175 men. The First Connecticut Battery, six brass rifled, has just reported here by order to General Ord. Colonel Grubb has seen a rebel column moving toward our front, Battery 3, &amp;c., for the last fifteen minutes, but I cannot make it out.

CHAS. H. GRAVES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 27, 1864-9 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

All quiet on the lines during the night. Some little picket-firing and mortar practice. I forward dispatch from signal officer indicating a return of part of the enemy's troops that were seen to move yesterday p. m.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

