
directed to make all necessary repairs on the roads leading from their commands to the plank road, keeping them in good order without further orders.

By command of Major General John G. Parke:

ROBT. A. HUTCHINS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 27, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to ask if General Kautz will make his reports directly to headquarters Army of the Potomac and will received his instructions directly from there? General Kautz's headquarters are still at Lucas', on the Prince George Court-House stage road. until the present, I have kept one brigade on the Weldon railroad, between General Warren's position and Reams'. The other, which covered the return of the Second Corps from Reams', is on the plank road at Temple's, these brigades connecting their pickets between the plank road and the railroad, and to General Warren's left. I will to-day concentrate my command as directed, which will give me an opportunity of shoeing, and also of feeding hay. the swamp crossing the plank road between Temple's and the Williams house is now full of water suitable for horses. I will select a camp so that my horses may be watered in this swamp.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 27, 1864-103.0 a. m.

Brigadier-General GREGG, Commanding Cavalry:

I have your dispatch of this morning, informing me that you would concentrate your division as directed. The order of last evening was not intended to direct the concentration of your division, but merely to indicate that it would picket, watch, and hold against the enemy's cavalry a certain part of the flank and rear of the army. The disposition you had made of it was considered judicious. General Kautz will receive his instructions from you and make his reports to you, communicating to these headquarters anything requiring immediate attention from it. This dispatch is not intended to interfere with such disposition of your division or of Kautz's as you may deem best suited to carry out the objects indicated in your instructions, you reporting any changes you may make in the posting of your troops.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HDQRS. SECOND CAVALRY DIV., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 27, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: This morning I sent a communication to the commanding officer of the cavalry at Reams' Station requesting that I might be

