
the right of Clingman. He says they are Georgia and South Carolina troops. He reports that the enemy had a mine dug in front of his brigade, and that about a week ago it filled with water and caved in. He says it commenced about thirty yards in rear of their works, running parallel with the railroad until it approaches near our lines, when it was turned short to the right. He also explains the use of the tool of which I sent draft several days ago. He says it is used for boring holes in the earth in front of enemy's works, forming listening galleries to guard against our mining. He states that they have a row of holes about ten feet apart all along the front of Clingman's brigade.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. MCENTEE,

Captain.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,August 27, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

The story of the deserter agrees with our own ideas, and we will be prepared for it. The place selected is a good one for us.

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,No. 107. In the Field, August 27, 1864.

1. The troops recently constituting the Third Division of this corps, under Brigadier General O. S. Ferry, U. S. Volunteers, having been mustered out of the service, General Ferry will turn over the records and public property belonging to headquarters of the division to Brigadier General William Birney, commanding colored brigade, and will also order his staff officers, except his aide-de-camp, to report to him. Brigadier-General Ferry will report for orders to the major-general commanding the department.

2. Colonel Grubb, commanding Thirty-seventh New Jersey Volunteers, will report to Brigadier-General Birney.

3. The Thirty-seventh U. S. Colored Troops, as soon as relieved from their present position, will proceed, via City Point, to Wilson's Wharf and relieve the 100-days' troops now stationed there. The quartermaster will furnish transportation to City Point by rail, if possible.

4. The Tenth U. S. Colored Troops will be relieved by Brigadier-General Birney after dark to-night, and will proceed to City Point, relieving the regiment of 100-days' men on duty there.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Birney:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

Before Petersburg, Va., August 27, 1864.

As soon as the corps is together the line to be defended by it will be divided between Brigadier-Generals Terry, Birney, and Foster, General Terry on the left, General Birney on the center, and General Foster on

