
the right. Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson, assistant inspector-general, will make the division of line with regard to the number of troops under command of each general, who will be responsible for their lines, as to artillery, pickets, and defense, and as to connections right and left. Each commander will have his troops together with a reserve sufficient to relieve troops frequently from trenches. Three days' rations will be kept on hand, and half-rations whisky can be issued on order of division commanders to troops on fatigue. Weak points should be defended by additional abatis and vigilant pickets and reserves. The artillery must be well supported and its officers continually on the alert, especially at or before daybreak.

By command of Major-General Birney:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HATCHER'S, August 27, 1864.

(Received 10.35 a. m.)

General ORD:

General Foster wishes to know when you expect him to leave with his other brigades.

THEO. READ,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 27, 1864.

Major READ,

Assistant Adjutant-General Hatcher's:

General Foster will not leave until he is relieved by other troops, either to-night or to-morrow morning.

GEO. A. KENSEL,

Acting Chief of Staff.

BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS,

August 27, 1864.

General FOSTER:

I will relieve you just as soon as General Carr comes over with his command from the other side of Appomattox. I have so telegraphed General Birney.

ORD,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., August 27, 1864.

Colonel A. A. RAND,

Commanding Fourth Massachusetts Volunteer Cavalry:

COLONEL: The major-general commanding directs that you detail Major Stevens with fifty mounted men to relieve the mounted picket now on duty on the Appomattox River. The men will take with them three days' rations. You will direct Major Stevens to report in person at these headquarters for instructions without delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

