HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,August 27, 1864 - 3.50 p. m.

Colonel A. A. RAND,

Commanding Fourth Massachusetts Cavalry:

The major-general commanding directs that you relieve with your command the Thirty-seventh U. S. Colored Troops, now on duty in the front. You will move immediately under the guidance of a staff officer, who will be sent you for the purpose.

Respectfully,

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., August 27, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: Pursuant to your instructions I had the troops of my command in readiness to move as soon as relieved by those of Brigadier-General Carr's division, but previous to the arrival of that officer I received instructions from Major-General Ord not to send from this portion of the line more troops than General Carr brought. Ascertaining that General Carr had but 1,400 men with him, I sent Colonel Curtis' brigade and the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Regiment, in all about 1,500 men, and by direction of Major-General Ord remained in command of the other two brigades of my division. I directed Colonel Curtis to report to you on arrival. General Ames' division and two brigades of General Carr's division are her, and I can see no reason why my command could not all move now, but General Ord's order prevented. I shall use every endeavor to get my other two brigades relieved during the day or to-night, and, if possible, will reach my position before Petersburg during the night. I send this by Lieutenant Barnard, of my staff, who can give you any information regarding my situation.

Respectfully, yours,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]

Send a staff officer and let him relieve the rest of Carr's division. It will save him some marching.

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 10TH ARMY CORPS,

No. 25. Near Hatcher's, Va., August 27, 1864.

Captain P. A. Davis, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, is re-announced on the staff of the brigadier-general commanding. All official communications for these headquarters will be addressed to him.

By order of Brigadier General R. S. Foster:

P. A. DAVIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

