SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 10TH ARMY CORPS,No. 81. Near Hatcher's, Va., August 27, 1864.

1. Colonel W. B. Barton, Forty-eighth New York Volunteers, having reported for duty, will assume command of the Second Brigade, Second Division.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier General R. S. Foster:

P. A. DAVIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

No. 109. In the Field, Va., August 27, 1864.

I. Brigadier General J. B. Carr will, with his division, occupy the right of the line of defenses, extending from the James River to Battery Numbers 5. One brigade should occupy the space on the left of the line from Battery Numbers 5 to about 200 yards to the right of Battery Numbers 3, and the toher brigades extended according to the strength of the line occupied, his pickets covering his front on the picket-line extending to the left as far as where that line crosses a ravine in front of Battery Numbers 7.

II. Brigadier General A. Ames will, with his division, occupy the left of the line of defenses, extending from General Carr's left to the Appomattox River, arranging his brigades so as to cover the most exposed parts of the line with a heavy force. His pickets will take the picket-line from General Carr's at the crossing of the ravine in front of Battery Numbers 7 to the Appomattox River.

III. Each division commander will appoint for his division a permanent chief of outposts and pickets who will attend to posting the division pickets and visit them at such times as may be directed. The picket duty is of vital importance, and all officers and men are expected when on such duty to attend to it, as when in turn they are off picket their safety and quiet depends on the vigilance of those on picket. These latter should never be surprised or stampeded.

IV. Infantry will be detailed to support the artillery in redoubt in front of each division by the respective commanders of such divisions.

V. Regular parade, drills, and roll-calls will be resumed, proper calls being sounded. Bands when practicing will be sent to the rear.

By command of Major General E. O. C. Ord:

THEODORE READ,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,No. 82. City Point, Va., August 28, 1864.

I. Hereafter deserters from the Confederate Army who deliver themselves up to the U. S. forces will on taking an oath that they will not again take up arms during the present rebellion, be furnished subsistence and free transportation to their homes if the same are within the lines of Federal occupation. If their homes are not within such lines they will be furnished subsistence and free transportation to any point in the Northern States. All deserters who take the oath of allegiance

