
Fourth. The reserves will relieve the troops in the trenches once in forty-eight hours.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, SECOND DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Hatcher's, Va., August 28, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: In compliance with instructions from corps headquarters, I have the honor to report that, in obedience to orders from Brigadier General R. S. Foster, I left the defenses at Bermuda Hundred, Battery Numbers 6, at 6.15 a. m. on the 27th instant, with the following troops, viz: One hundred and forty-second, One hundred and seventeenth, One hundred and twelfth, and Third New York Volunteers, and the Twenty-fourth Regiment Massachusetts Volunteers, numbering in all 57 commissioned officers and 1,580 enlisted men; and that I reported at the headquarters Tenth Army Corps, near Petersburg, Va., at 10 a. m. the same day, with 57 officers and 1,577 men, three men having been excused and sent to the rear by the surgeon. At 6 p. m. I was assigned a position on the right of the line before Petersburg, as follows: three regiments with their right resting on the river and their left resting at the mortar and light 12-pounder battery, posted on the right of the race-course, and one regiment assigned to picket duty on the Appomattox River, their left resting near the Dunn house; the Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers was, by direction of the commanding general, reported to Brigadier General A. H. Terry at 1 p. m.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

N. M. CURTIS,

Colonel 142nd New York Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,August 28, 1864 - 11 a. m.

Captain WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division:

CAPTAIN: I have to report one man wounded of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry last night on picket near Rollins' house, on the Powhatan road. He was fired upon three or four times and struck in three places with buckshot and horse killed. In other respects the line has been undisturbed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[AUGUST 29, 1864. - For Grant to Halleck, referring incidentally to Sheridan's operations in the Shenandoah Valley and the return of the Sixth Army Corps to the Army of the Potomac, see Vol. XXXIX, Part II, p. 313.]

