HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 29, 1864 - 3 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I cannot possibly spare Major Michler. Two officers, Captains Mendell and Turnbull, have recently been taken away. Major Duane's health is precarious and I am daily expecting his being obliged to leave on this account. Michler is the only officer of experience I have to act as chief engineer. In our present position the engineers are very much occupied. Besides field-works, there are the surveys for roads, the obtaining a knowledge of the topography of the country, countermining, and a variety of miscellaneous duties which are constantly arising and would prevent the reduction of the engineering force of this army. If it is deemed imperative to take an officer from this army, I would prefer the detachment of Captain Harwood, but I hope some one may be found other than those now here.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., August 29, 1864 - 1.20 p. m.

Major-General MEADE:

I presume that our cavalry is so disposed that the enemy cannot come around Warren's flank and attack in rear without our having timely notice. If they should make such an attack Warren should move with every man he has and trust to getting back his position after a battle.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 29, 1864 - 1.20 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Your dispatch of 1.20 received. Kautz's division of cavalry watches our rear from the Jerusalem plank road to the James. Gregg's division pickets from the Jerusalem plank road west, around our rear, and to Warren's left. Any movement of the enemy, such as you indicate, would therefore be known. There is no indication of any such movement. Perhaps my dispatch of this a. m. may have been accidentally either erroneously written or misapprehended. I desire to say the enemy's infantry had been seen passing from the vicinity of lead works toward Petersburg, apparently moving to their left. I have four divisions of infantry in reserve, ready to meet any movement in our rear or on the left.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., August 29, 1864.

Brigadier General R. INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster Armies Operating against Richmond:

You will please extend the City Point Railroad with the least practicable delay to the Weldon railroad, the extension to pass in rear of our

