
present lines, and at points giving the greatest accommodations to our troops. Telegraphs marked A and B on the subject are respectfully inclosed for your information.*

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES, OFFICE OF CHIEF QUARTERMASTER,August 29, 1864.

Major J. C. DUANE,

Chief Engineer Army of the Potomac, General Meade's Hdqrs.:

The survey was made at the time by competent engineers; the distance was about four or five miles; cost of construction about $75,000; time, four weeks. It was thought by General Grant that further action would be unnecessary; but if General Meade desires a road constructed in rear of his lines I will have a cheap temporary track laid down that will not cost much nor take much time.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Brigadier-General and Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 29, 1864 - 3 p. m.

Brigadier-General INGALLS:

Major Duane has shown me your dispatch offering to build the railroad from the City Point road to the Weldon road. I shall be very glad to accept your offer. All the labor you want can be furnished by details. There is ample material on the Norfolk road. Possibly even the ties on that road may be available. At any rate, we can get all the material on the ground in advance of the preparation of the bed of the roadway. I have directed Duane to confer with you.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., August 29, 1864.

(Received 11.30 p. m.)

General M. C. MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

General Grant has ordered me to extend the City Point Railroad to the Weldon road at once in rear of our lines. I have ordered work to be commenced at once and to be pushed forward as rapidly as possible. Detail will be made from the troops to assist. Will you please direct Colonel McCallum to send additional men and the necessary material to complete this work without any delay? General Grant is anxious to have it completed at the earliest moment possible.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster.

---------------

* See Meade to Grant, 11.45 a. m., and Grant's reply, p. 564.

---------------

