
CITY POINT, VA., August 29, 1864.

(Received 11 p. m.)

Major WENTZ,

Chief Engineer and Superintendent, Alexandria:

I have just received a communication from General Ingalls, inclosing order of General Grant, for the immediate construction of line of railroad to connect City Point road with Weldon road, starting from and connecting with the two most convenient points on both roads. General Ingalls requested me to telegraph you, and urge immediate action, and the mustering of all railroad force you can obtain, and as many military will be furnished as may be needed. He has telegraphed the quartermaster-general, who will confer with you, and that you notify Colonel McCallum of your wants, and call on him for all the assistance he can send you. If McAlpine does not get back to-night I am ordered to go over to headquarters in the morning to see Major Duane in regard to the line and the points he wishes to connect. Please telegraph your instructions immediately, as General Ingalls is urgent. I will telegraph McAlpine at Norfolk.

JNO. MORGAN,

Assistant Engineer.

CITY POINT, VA., August 29, 1864.

Captain M. SMITH,

Commanding James River Flotilla:

There is good reason for believing that one or more torpedoes were planted in the river, between this and Wilcox's Landing, last night. Before sending out any vessels, particularly with valuable cargoes, I wish at least to have a search made to see if the suspicion entertained is verified. I would be pleased, captain, if you would instruct the officers in your command convenient to this locality to search the river from immediately below here to Wilcox's Landing.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

WASHINGTON, August 29, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, City Point, Va.:

Scouts who left Mine Run Thursday night are just in, and report following: Wickham's and Young's cavalry brigades passed up the Valley early part of last week. Corse's and Anderson's brigades started for Richmond early part of last week. Anderson's brigade recalled and is still in Valley. Thought to be no infantry now in the Valley but part of Ewell's old corps and two or three brigades of Longstreet's corps. General Ed. Johnson, of Ewell's corps, gone to Atlanta. Understood that Beauregard has gone to Atlanta with troops from Valley. General Lomax is in Richmond, but not known whether his brigade is there. Prominent secessionists of Orange County say Richmond cannot be held a month with Weldon road in our possession. Rumors of important movements of infantry in the Valley when scouts left, but no particulars could be had. Other scouts will be in Wednesday.

GEORGE K. LEET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Copy to Generals Meade and Sheridan.)

