HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 29, 1864 - 12.35 p. m.

The attention of corps commanders is called to the circular of July 2,* from these headquarters, calling for reports twice daily, by telegraph, of the events that transpired within the preceding twelve hours. The daily evening reports may hereafter be discontinued, but it is expected that morning reports giving a full summary of events that may have transpired the twenty-four hours previous will be regularly rendered at or before 9 a. m.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(To Generals Hancock, Warren, and Parke.)

ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

August 29, 1864 - 10 p. m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

The artillery on the lines is under my general charge. The generals having charge of portions of the line give such orders to the batteries as their positions or circumstances require. All the batteries of the Sixth Corps, the only serviceable ones at my disposal, are now in position. There are none to replace yours, as there is no reserve artillery.

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,No. 494. August 29, 1864.

1. Lieutenant Colonel William Wilson, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the temporary command of the Consolidated Brigade of this division.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Miles:

WM. RI. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,August 29, 1864.

[General MOTT:]

GENERAL: Major-General Hancock directs me to inform you that the engineers have decided the location for a redoubt, about 250 yards in front of the Strong house. In order to cover properly the working party on this redoubt, your picket-line may have to be advanced a little in that vicinity. I am directed to meet the commander of the brigade, the picket-line, or some officer charged with establishing the new posts, and indicate generally to him where the line is to run. You will be required to furnish 500 men to work on this redoubt in two reliefs, one only being absent from the line at once. The first relief to be ready for work at 7 a. m. T

he men can be taken from the brigade

---------------

* See Vol. XL, Part II, p. 587.

---------------

