
and give the troops better camping-ground. I have ordered one-fourth of the command to be on duty at the parapet, with arms and accouterments, throughout the day, one-third throughout the night, and the whole command to be under arms at 4 a. m., and remain until 5.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 29, 1864 - 12.10 p. m.

Major-General PARKE:

The commanding general desires that you will submit your views with regard to reorganizing the First, Second, and Third Divisions of your corps into two divisions, and in the event of such reorganization, what distribution do you advise should be made of the several regiments and of the staff officers that would be rendered supernumerary?

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

Before Petersburg, Va., august 29, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. A. MONROE,

Chief of Artillery, Ninth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I inclose herewith Special Orders, Numbers 233,* current series, of this date, from headquarters Army of the Potomac, reducing and designating the batteries of your corps. The batteries named will constitute the brigade of your corps for the present and will be sufficient for its wants, as Major-General Meade states that the number of divisions will be reduced to three. General Orders, Numbers 82, # Army of the Potomac, of 1863, defines the duties of the chief of artillery of this army and will guide you in your duties and responsibility to him. A copy of the order has been transmitted to Major-General Parke by the adjutant-general of this army. If you have no copy of it you will please request permission of General Parke to take a copy of his. You already have the orders for the organization of your park, the number of rounds of ammunition for each gun, the number of wagons can be easily calculated, and the number of forage wagons (five to each twenty-five ammunition wagons) for forage and provisions. Each battery is allowed five wagons - one for baggage, &amp; c., and four for provisions and forage. (See General Orders, Numbers 27, July 1, 1864, headquarters Army of the Potomac, paragraphs 9 and 11.+) You will calculate the number of wagons authorized according to that order, complete and submit it to me, and, upon approval, complete your train from the wagons you now have, when orders will be given you to turn over the surplus to the artillery park of the army. You will complete the staff of your brigade as soon as practicable and make arrangements for the prompt and regular supply of rations and forage. It is desirable that the artillery of your corps should be kept as much as possible together, and it is General Meade's instructions that when batteries are assigned by the corps commanders for service with the divisions their administration and supplies will be provided for from the Artillery Brigade.

---------------

* See p. 570.

# See Vol. XXIX, Part II, p. 84.

+ See paragraphs 9 and 11, Special Orders, Numbers 44, Vol. XL, Part I, pp. 40, 41.

---------------

