
When the troops are detached from the corps so as to make it necessary, instructions will be given in time to the batteries to draw their supplies from the division or brigade to which they are attached.

I send you herewith a copy of Special Orders, Numbers 279, of October 28, 1863, from headquarters Army of the Potomac, respecting wagons to accompany batteries. It is always a saving of horses and of efficiency to have sufficient wagons to accompany batteries to transport forage. I also send you two copies each of General Orders, Nos. 2 and 5, from these headquarters. There are so few copies of them on hand that I cannot send you more. You will please cause the commanders and officers of your batteries to be instructed as to their requirements, and, if desired, leave a copy of each with General Parke, to whom, in obedience to paragraph 489, General Regulations, you will submit them and all other instructions sent you from these headquarters. Full and prompt reports to these headquarters respecting the service under your direction and all that concerns the artillery are expected from you, that every means may be promptly taken to make and keep your artillery efficient.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery.

[Inclosure Numbers 1.SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,No. 279. October 28, 1863.

* * * * * * *

5. Hereafter orders requiring all wagons other than ambulances and medicine wagons and wagons containing intrenching tools to be sent to the rear may be so construed as to allow one wagon to accompany each battery of artillery for the purpose of conveying subsistence stores and forage.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure Numbers 2.]

GENERAL ORDERS, ARTY. HDQRS., ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 2. January 15, 1864.

The following instructions and regulations for the artillery of this army, having been sanctioned by the general commanding, are published for the government of all concerned:

1. The responsibility of choosing the position for action devolves upon the commander of the artillery. If assigned to his position by the general officer under whose orders he is placed he will, to relieve himself from the responsibility, report to the latter its objectionable features, provided a better one can be found, and suggest the means necessary to improve or secure it.

2. In taking up a position, four points require especial attention:

I. The efficacy of fire of the battery.

II. Cover for the pieces from the enemy's fire.

III. The position of the rest of the troops.

IV. Facility of movement.

I. That the fire should be effective is in all cases the most important consideration, to which, as far as may be necessary, the second consid-

