
but the latter are only of short duration and do not lead to a lavish expenditure, while the inefficient constant fire at long ranges always has that effect. A careful record will be kept of the amount and kinds of ammunition used.

7. After an engagement the commander of each battery must use all diligence in putting it into a condition to march and to fight. He will replace disabled horses, fill up his ammunition-chests, make whatever repairs his means will permit, and, if necessary, reassign officers and men, so as to be ready for service at the earliest possible moment. This will be done before he sleeps. He will also present to the commander of the artillery brigade to which he belongs a field return, showing the number of effective officers and men, of guns, caissons, and horses, the amount of ammunition expended, and what he has on hand after replenishing his chests. The field return will give the names of officers killed and disabled, and those for duty, and will be made each night of a battle lasting more than one day. The field returns of batteries will be at once consolidated by the commander of the brigade, who will use all the means at his disposal to complete the batteries for service. He will note his action on the consolidated returns and transmit them to the chief of artillery of the army for his information, and to enable him to provide at once for all deficiencies. When a general action is fought the batteries should be refitted and ready to take the field at dawn of the ensuing day, even with a reduced number of guns.

8. As soon after the action as possible a general return of the losses of men and material, and a separate report of the fight, will be presented to the commanders of artillery brigades for transmittal to the chief of artillery. The return should contain a specification of the men and horses killed and disabled, giving the names of the killed and wounded officers and men and dates of death; of whatever has been made unserviceable or has been expended, lost, or damaged, distinguishing what has fallen into the hands of the enemy; and, under the head of remarks, should call attention to all defects of material and of ammunition noticed, and should suggest proper remedies. The report, which is in addition to that required by the commander of the troops with which it serves, should briefly describe the participation of the battery in the engagement, as far as may be necessary for understanding the part taken by it; the special instructions communicated; its position, with a statement of the neighboring troops; the nature of the enemy's troops against which its fire was directed; the distances of fire; the kind of projectiles used; the effect remarked; the reasons why positions were changed; the behavior of the men, and, without regard to rank, who distinguished himself; and, lastly, all important circumstances observed in its neighborhood. If sections or half batteries were detached, it is to be specified by whose order and for what purpose they were so detached. Separate reports should be prepared by the commanders of pieces so detached. They are to be annexed, in original, to the narrative of the commander of the battery.

9. When more than one battery is engaged, the brigade commander should also forward a general account of the operations of the artillery, mentioning specially those who distinguished themselves. He will also consolidate and tabulate the returns of losses of men and material of his corps.

10. Commanders of each brigade of artillery will see that the inspections prescribed by the General Regulations, paragraph 104, are regularly made. He will himself inspect each battery once in each month, and make a report of the inspection in the prescribed printed form to

