
10. In no case will any grain be carried on the artillery carriages until the forage wagons are loaded with seven days' supply. When the wagons cannot carry this amount any forage on the artillery carriages would overload them.

11. When a battery is separated from its brigade and wagons, one days' forage may be carried on the carriages, viz, one bag on each carriage, to be packed so as not to throw its weight on the pole. In feeding it out, the heaviest carriage to be first unloaded.

12. Forage wagons should not be separated from their batteries when it is possible to avoid it, except when the brigade marches together, when the wagons may be with the brigade train, but ready to be detached with their batteries at a moment's warning. Should it be necessary to send the forage wagons to the rear, or leave them behind with the trains when the batteries move, it will be so stated specially in the order and instructions given for the supply of forage from day to day. As the packing of grain on horses injures the latter, one forage wagon should, if possible, always accompany each battery.

13. Great care must be taken in feeding. To feed from the ground occasions great waste, and the dirt eaten by the horses with it is injurious. In the absence of nose-bags horses must be fed from boxes, or cloths, or by hand. The grain left in the nose-bag or otherwise by the horse, must be collected and fed to him, if necessary, by hand.

14. Battery commanders should frequently allow their batteries to pass them on the march, carefully inspecting the horses, carriages, and men. The same rule is applicable to chiefs of sections and of pieces in their respective commands, in order to enforce the observance of all orders.

15. The drivers must not be allowed to lounge, to cross their legs over the horses' necks, or to needlessly punish them. The cannoneers must be kept at their posts or opposite them on the side of the road, and no straggling will be permitted. They are liable to be called on at any moment, either for service or to aid in getting the carriages through difficult places.

16. Special attention is called to paragraph 13 and following of General Orders, Numbers 2, of January 15, 1864, from these headquarters, respecting the loading of the artillery carriages and watering the horses on the march.*

By command of Brigadier-General Hunt:

JNO. N. CRAIG,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION CAVALRY,August 29, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report all quiet on the cavalry picket-line from the James River to the left of the Fifth Army Corps (Warren). General Kautz reports one man of the First District of Columbia Cavalry slightly wounded and another captured, with horse and equipments, by guerrillas last night while on picket. The latter was patrolling.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. MCM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

---------------

* See p. 581.

---------------

