
tis commanding, will occupy the line from the Appomattox to the City Point Railroad; the Second Brigade, Colonel Barton, the line from the City Point Railroad connecting with Colonel Curtis' line, the left resting about half way across the race-course; the Third Brigade, Colonel Osborn commanding, from the left of Colonel Barton's brigade, connecting on the left with the troops of Brigadier-General Birney's division. Brigade commanders will report the length of the line and the number of men in their front and the number of men in reserve. Each brigade will picket its own front and strengthen the works in such places as is necessary by additional abatis, earth-works, &amp; c. If sand-bags are required the number necessary will be reported at once. Each brigade commander will be held responsible for the proper picketing and strengthening of the work on his front and for the defense of the line intrusted to his charge. The troops in the trenches will be relieved from the reserves as often as brigade commanders deem necessary.

By order of Brigadier General R. S. Foster:

P. A. DAVIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS, LIGHT ARTILLERY BRIGADE, TENTH ARMY CORPS

No. 15. August 29, 1864.

In pursuance of orders from general headquarters, commanding officers of rifled guns in position to reach the city of Petersburg will open fire upon a central part of the town at 8.15 or 8.30 o'clock this evening, and continue the fire for one and a half hours. The fire should be delivered with care and with a certainty of reaching the town.

By command of F. McGilvery, colonel First Maine Light Artillery and chief of artillery:

O. S. DEWEY,Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

CITY POINT, VA., August 29, 1864.

Major-General ORD:

If you can raise from 400 to 600 cavalry, send them under a good officer from Deep Bottom to sweep down the river to Wilson's Wharf. From that point they can be ferried over the river and return by this side. There will be no necessity for them to take forage with them. The object in sending them is to catch up all the enemy's scouts and parties that are said to be near the river with torpedoes ready to plant. I want them to destroy and use all forage and wheat stacks, but to keep out of houses.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

HATCHER'S, August 29, 1864 - 2.50 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I cannot raise more than 200 men, and do not think it advisable to send that small [force] across the river, as the enemy's pickets are reported to have been strengthened at Deep Bottom.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.

