HDQRS. OUTPOSTS, 132nd REGT, NEW YORK INFANTRY,Camp Claassen, Batchelder's Creek, N. C., August 29, 1864.

Brigadier General I. N. PALMER, Commanding:

A refugee just came in reports that all available troops in this part of the State have been sent to the line of the Weldon railroad. The movements of the enemy's scouts, I think, show this. A good time for a raid.

G. H. HITCHCOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., August 29, 1864.

Colonel D. W. WARDROP,

Commanding Sub-District of the Albemarle, Roanoke Island:

COLONEL: The commanding general directs me to say to you that Captain Martin, chief mustering officer of this department, and Lieutenant King, chief engineer of this district, proceed to Roanoke Island for the purpose of procuring all the colored laborers it is possible to get together for duty at Fort Monroe. The interest of the service requires that every such man that can be spared should go, and the commanding general hopes you will give those officers every facility for procuring them. These laborers will receive $16 per month and their rations, and their families will be provided for during their absence. It may be necessary to stop the work on the fortifications at the island for the present. It is more necessary that they should go to Fort Monroe than that the work with you should continue. If these men cannot be persuaded to go willingly they must go, and the steamer will bring them to Hatteras, where a steamer will be in readiness to take them to Fort Monroe. Please detail one of the officers of the Eighty-fifth New York Volunteers, who is going on leave, to take charge of these men, turn them over at Fort Monroe, and take a receipt for them, the receipt to be sent here.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., August 29, 1864.

Captain JOSSELYN, U. S. Navy, Commanding Commodore Hull:

SIR: General Palmer directs me to inform you that Lieutenant Ward, his aide-de-camp, goes to-morrow with the steamer Ella May, and about 100 men, to Hyde County for the purpose of breaking up as far as possible the supply line of the enemy from that county out into further rebeldom. General Palmer desires very much to have you (if consistent with the duties of the Whitehead) direct the captain of that steamer to lay about in the Pungo region for a day or two, in order that he may, if necessary, render Lieutenant Ward assistance. There will be no necessity of aid on land, but it might possibly be well for Lieutenant Ward to be well backed on the water. If you can give Lieutenant W. this aid, the commanding general will be much obliged to you.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

