HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,August 30, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to recommend the following officers for promotion, by brevet or otherwise:

First. Brigadier General Francis C. Barlow - for highly meritorious and distinguished conduct throughout the campaign, and particularly for gallantry and good conduct while leading his division in the assault on the enemy's works at Spotsylvania, May 12, 1864; to date from May 12, 1864.

Second. Brigadier General D. McM. Gregg - for highly meritorious and distinguished conduct throughout the campaign, particularly for the reconnaissance on the Charles City road and at the battle of August 25, at Reams' Station, Va.; the date of promotion to be fixed by the major-general commanding the army, General Gregg having been under my command only temporarily.

Third. Brigadier General N. A. Miles - for highly meritorious and distinguished conduct during the campaign, and particularly for gallantry and meritorious service at the battle of August 25, 1864, at Reams' Station, Va.; to date August 25, 1864.

Fourth. Colonel James A. Beaver, One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers - for highly meritorious and distinguished conduct throughout the campaign, particularly for valuable services at Cold Harbor, Va., while commanding a brigade; to date from June 3, 1864. This officer was wounded at Chancellorsville; again in the assault on the enemy's works in front of Petersburg, June 16, and again at the battle of Reams' Station, Va., August 25, 1864, where he lost a leg.

Fifth. Colonel T. A. Smyth, First Delaware Volunteers - for highly meritorious and distinguished conduct throughout the campaign, particularly in the battle of the Wilderness and at Cold Harbor, Va.; to date from June 3, 1864.

Sixth. Colonel H. L. Brown, One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers - for highly meritorious and distinguished conduct throughout the campaign, particularly for gallantry at Spotsylvania, May 12; to date May 12, 1864. This officer was wounded at first Fredericksburg and was twice wounded at Gettysburg.

Seventh. Colonel Thomas W. Egan, Fortieth New York Volunteers - for highly meritorious and distinguished conduct throughout the campaign, particularly for gallantry on the successful assault of the enemy's works at the North Anna, May 23, 1864; to date from May 23, 1864. This officer was wounded in an assault upon the enemy's works in front of Petersburg, June 16, 1864.

Eighth. Lieutenant Colonel K. O. Broady, Sixty-first New York Volunteers -for good conduct throughout the campaign, and particularly for distinguished services at Reams' Station, Va., August 25, 1864, where he was wounded; to date August 25, 1864. This officer received the appointment of colonel of the Sixty-first New York Volunteers, but has not been mustered in on account of the lack of the necessary number of men in the regiment.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

