
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS,

No. 63. August 30, 1864.

The following-named regiments, having lost their regimental colors in action, are hereby deprived of the right to carry colors until by their conduct in battle they show themselves competent to protect them: Eighth New York Heavy Artillery, One hundred and sixty-fourth New York Volunteers, Thirty-sixth Wisconsin Volunteers. The officers and men of the command should understand that their colors should be the last thing surrendered, and that in all well-regulated military organizations it is considered a disgrace for a majority of the command to return from the field of battle without them.

By command of Major-General Gibbon, commanding division:

A. HENRY EMBLER,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

[First indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 3, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, with the request that my action in this case may be approved by the higher authorities, my attention having been called since the publication of this order that there might be some doubt of my authority to deprive regiments of their flags. I believe that it is a long-established custom of the service.

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

[Second indorsement.]

I think no regiment which has lost its colors should be permitted to carry others until by the decision of the commander of the army they had in action shown that they were able to preserve them; but I think the rule should be generally applicable to the whole service. I have no objection to the system being inaugurated now and applied to all regiments which have lost their colors.

Respectfully forwarded.

WINF'S S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SECOND CORPS,

August 30, 1864.

Battery commanders on the line are instructed to fire on the enemy's working parties and reply to artillery fire on their line.

By command of Major John G. Hazard:

U. D. EDDY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,August 30, 1864.

Lieutenant J. H. LOCKWOOD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Second Corps:

LIEUTENANT: In compliance with instructions received last evening I have the honor to report that I have this morning advanced the left of my picket-line about 400 yards and now have it established, my left connecting with the Ninth Army Corps.

I am, lieutenant, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. R. PIERCE,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.

