HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,August 30, 1864 - 12 m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to report all quiet along my immediate front during the past twenty-four hours. No picket-firing and no enemy in sight from the line of vedettes. The pickets in front of the center and left divisions report hearing the enemy moving artillery or wagons during the night to their right (our left). The line of parapet is being strengthened and camp-grounds being policed and drained. A detail of 1,000 men was ordered to report this morning to the engineer officer at the Chimneys in front of my center.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,No. 157. Before Petersburg, Va., August 30, 1864.

* * * * * * *

3. In compliance with paragraph 6, Special Orders, Numbers 233, Army of the Potomac, under date of August 29, 1864, the following-named batteries are transferred to the Artillery Reserve. The commanding officers will at once report to Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Monroe, chief of artillery, who will give them the necessary instructions as required in the above-mentioned order: Start's (Third Vermont), four 3-inch guns; Thomas' (Second Maine), four 3-inch guns; Mayo's (Third Maine), four 3-inch guns: Wright's (Fourteenth Massachusetts), four 3-inch guns.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major General John G. Parke:

JNO. C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND DIV. CAVALRY, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 30, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report all quiet along the cavalry line of pickets. Last night a rebel lieutenant approached a vedette on plank road; was fired upon and captured. He was sent to your headquarters this morning.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. MCM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

CITY POINT, August 30, 1864. (Received 10 p. m.)

Major General E. O. C. ORD:

To protect the navigation on the James River I have determined to establish a garrison about the Berkeley house, on the north bank. General Barnard selected the location to-day and has sent for you engineer officer to direct him as to the works to throw up. You will please furnish the garrison. Two companies of infantry, a section of artillery, and one squadron of the First New York Mounted Rifles will

