
one to City Point for quartermaster's and commissary details. Sharp artillery duel during the evening. Enemy developed more artillery than for some time past and have more mortars in position. Our fire was chiefly at railroad depot and the batteries and working parties erecting new works on Chesterfield Heights. I have asked for two additional 13-inch mortars and 200-pounder Parrotts, which would enable me to silence the batteries on Chesterfield Heights that almost take my line of battle in reverse. They could be brought to the position on the railroad and transported without difficulty.

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 10TH ARMY CORPS,

No. 1. Before Petersburg, Va., August 30, 1864.

The following-named officers are announced as composing the staff of this division, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly: Captain H. L. Johnson, assistant adjutant-general; Captain A. T. Atwood, assistant quartermaster; Captain R. Holmes, commissary of subsistence; Captain Lewis L. Weld, [Seventh] U. S. Colored Troops, [acting] assistant inspector-general; First Lieutenant M. V. B. Richardson, assistant commissary of musters; First Lieutenant E. W. Morey, Ninth U. S. Colored Troops, acting aide-de-camp; Second Lieutenant H. E. Burton, Thirty-fifth U. S. Colored Troops, aide-de-camp.

By command of Brigadier General William Birney:

[H. L. JOHNSON,]

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR, HDQRS, THIRD DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,

No. 1. Before Petersburg, Va., August 30, 1864.

Until further orders the line held by this division will be apportioned to the brigades as follows: The First Brigade will hold two-thirds of the line, the right and left of which will be pointed out by a staff officer from these headquarters. The Second Brigade and the Thirty-seventh New Jersey Volunteers will hold the remaining third of the line, the New Jersey regiment holding it two days out of every six. The Thirty-seventh New Jersey Volunteers will commence its tour of duty to-night, holding the line for the next two days, with such portion of Colonel Holman's command as may be required.

By command of Brigadier General William Birney:

[H. L. JOHNSON,]

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

In the Field, Va., August 30, 1864.

Hereafter division commanders will not have their pickets posted until after dark, so that the number may be concealed from the enemy, except in front of Brigadier-General Ames' division, where they may be posted at sunset.

By command of Major General E. O. C. Ord:

THEODORE READ,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

