
XII. Brigadier General G. Marston will detail one section of artillery and two companies of infantry from the garrisons at Fort Powhatan and Wilson's Wharf, to establish a garrison at the Berkeley house on the north bank of the James.

XIII. In accordance with instructions received from the lieutenant-general commanding the Armies of the United States, Major-General Birney, commanding Tenth Corps, will detail and send to Bermuda Hundred, early to-morrow morning (1st proximo), a squadron of cavalry, for transportation to the Berkeley house, at Harrison's Landing.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Ord:

R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SIEGE TRAIN,Broadway Landing, Va., August 31, 1864 .

Brigadier General H. J. HUNT,

Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The following is a list of the companies of my regiment now on duty in the Petersburg lines, with their guns, &amp;c.: Company A (fourteen-gun battery), Taylor's house, two 4 1/2-inch guns, four 10-inch mortars; Company D, near Hare's house, four 8-inch mortars, five Coehorns; Company G, between Hare's house and railroad (Suffolk), two 8-inch mortars, eleven Coehorns; half of Company I, near Spring Hill (reserve), two 20-pounder Parrotts; half of Company I, near Jordan's house, one 13-inch mortar; half of Company F, near Jordan's house, three 30-pounder Parrotts; half of Company F, extreme right of line, four 8-inch mortars; Company M, near Avery's house, four 4 1/2-inch guns; total, forty-two.

Your obedient servant,

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery,
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,August 31, 1864.

General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Deserters in this morning say that Heth's division, which has been in reserve since the railroad fight, came into the trenches on my left last night. the deserters were from Cooke's brigade, Heth's division.

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,August 31, 1864.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

There is nothing of importance to report on my line. Shelling the town has compelled the enemy to stop the incessant musketry on my

