
line. Everything now is comparatively quiet. The enemy are digging at several points. I have 600 men on fatigue details under Captain Gillespie.

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 113. Before Petersburg, Va., August 31, 1864.

* * * * * * *

8. Captain H. L. Johnson, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers, will report in person to Brigadier General A. H Terry, commanding First Division, for assignment to duty with one of the brigades of his division.

By command of Major-General Birney:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., August 31, 1864.

Captain ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: In pursuance with instructions from division headquarters, dated 30th instant, I have the honor to make the following report of my command during the last twenty-four hours: No offensive demonstrations have been made from my front; but few artillery shots have been exchanged. No change in the position of the troops under my command except the change of camp of the Eighty-fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, in accordance with the directions of the brigadier-general commanding division. With regard to the intrenchments I sent out seventy-five sand-bags and the proper number of shovels for the construction of new and additional loop-holes for lookout, the enemy having ascertained the position of those already constructed and firing into them constantly. The officer commanding the trenches reported yesterday at 5 p. m.:

The enemy are at work at and in rear of the fort which was blown up by us; also are strengthening their lines on and near the ravine. About three minutes' time was taken to-day in exchanging papers, when they again commenced firing.

I would respectfully ask whether the exchange of papers is authorized. Yesterday was remarkably quiet except a few shots from the enemy. The officer of the trenches reports this morning:

The enemy kept up quite a severe fire during the night and have been at work strengthening the works on their line in front of this brigade line. I received seventy-five bags and ten shovels last night and have constructed loop-holes as far as they went, and have done other work in repairing. Had two men of the Sixty-seventh Regiment Ohio Volunteer Infantry wounded by the enemy during the night. One man was wounded in the Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteer Infantry yesterday.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

JOSHUA B. HOWELL,

Colonel Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

