
This regiment will throw a picket forward on the Norfolk road to its intersection with the Lee's Mill and Prince George Court-House road, and also on the road leading from McClann's on the north side of the norfolk railroad to Lee's Mill and Prince George Court-House road. The patrols and vedettes of this brigade will be so posted as to cover all roads upon which any force of the enemy might approach the left or rear of the army, and the greatest vigilance will be required on their part to discover such advance. Everything of importance concerning the movements of the enemy will be at once communicated to these headquarters. Brigade and regimental commanders will familiarize themselves with the country in which they may be doing duty, as also the position of our infantry troops in their rear, this last that important information may be communicated to the nearest commander of such troops. The brigade on duty on the left of the army will be supplied with rations and forage for three days. The remaining brigade of the Second Division will be placed in camp near Birchett's on the City Point road. Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. KINGSBURY, JR.,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,City Point, August 5, 1864-10 a. m.

Colonel T. S. BOWERS:

(Care Captain Leet, Washington.)

My division is ordered to Washington. Please have all the men belonging to it now there collected, and those dismounted supplied with horses at once. I would also like the Eighth Illinois Cavalry reassigned to me and be put in readiness to join the command as soon as it gets there.

J. H. WILSON,

Brigadier-General.

ORDERS. HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,

City Point, Va., August 5, 1864.

I. The division will embark in the following order as fast as transports are furnished: First, First Brigade, General McIntosh commanding; second, Second Brigade, General George H. Chapman; third, Pennington's battery, Second U. S. Artillery; fourth, Fitzhugh's battery, Fourth U. S. Artillery; fifth, transportation.

II. Brigade commanders will give their personal attention to the embarkation of their commands; seeing that no time is lost; that the men are provided with three days; rations, and that proper means are taken to insure discipline and comfort while in transit.

III. Eighty rounds of ammunition to a man will be carried in the cartridge-boxes and on the horses.

IV. As soon as the men will be embarked, arms, accouterments, and clothing will be put in the best possible order, in anticipation of an active campaign.

V. The division quartermaster and inspector are charged with superintending the execution of this order.

By command of Brigadier-General Wilson:

L. SIEBETR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

