
SUB-DISTRICT OF NEW BERNE.

Brigadier General EDWARD HARLAND.

15th Connecticut, Colonel Charles L. Upham.

1st North Carolina (two companies), Captain Richard J. Allen.

99th New York (four companies), Captain John C. Lee.

132nd New York, Lieutenant Colonel George H. Hitchcock.

9th Vermont, Colonel Edward H. Ripley.

12th New York Cavalry, Colonel James W. Savage.

2nd Massachusetts Heavy Artillery, Colonel Jones Frankle.

1st North Carolina Colored Heavy Artillery (recruits), Major Thorndike C. Jameson.

3rd New York Light Artillery, Lieutenant Colonel Henry M. Stone.

New York Light Artillery, 23rd Battery, Captain Alfred Ransom.

5th Rhode Island Heavy Artillery (ten companies), Lieutenant Colonel George W. Tew.

WASHINGTON, September 1, 1864 - 9 p. m.

(Received 2nd.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The Navy Department appears very anxious that the army should take Wilmington. At the instance of Captain Fox, General Gilmore has been directed to accompany Mr. Fox to see you on the subject. Whether any operations there be possible, and, if possible, whether expedient to be undertaken now, is left wholly to your judgment by the President and entire satisfaction will be felt with your determination. Fox and Gillmore started for City Point to-day. I have ordered Bowers' appointment as assistant adjutant-general, according to your request.

E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, September 1, 1864 - 2 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

Assistant Secretary Fox, Navy Department, and General Gillmore go down to see you about a project on Wilmington. It originates in the Navy, not in the War Department. I think we have more irons now than we can keep from burning.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 1, 1864 - 10.30 a. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have nothing of consequence to report this morning, unusual quiet prevailing yesterday and last night. The enemy are apparently erecting a battery on the north side of the Appomattox to enfilade the position occupied by the 13-inch mortar. This will be met by a removal of the mortar to a more secure position. Orders will be issued this morning to Brigadier-General Gregg instructing him to concentrate all the available cavalry of his own and Kautz's command, after leaving the necessary pickets so as not to attract the enemy's attention, and with this command, supported by Ayres' division, Fifth Corps, who for this

