
purpose will be ordered to report to him, to proceed at early daylight to-morrow, from the left of Warren's line, to the several roads leading into Petersburg from the west and southwest and endeavor to capture or destroy some of the enemy's trains, supposed to be passing between Stony Creek and Petersburg. It is believed, however, that besides strong escorts to these trains the enemy is prepared for an operation of this kind by the disposition of his cavalry between Stony Creek and Petersburg and by holding in readiness an infantry reserve to meet the contingency.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 1, 1864 - 11 a. m.

Lieutenant-Colonel BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, City Point:

I have to ask of the lieutenant-general commanding the favor of a seven-days' leave to visit my family in Philadelphia to attend to private affairs, the leave to commence on Sunday the 3rd instant. This application is based on the belief, so far as my knowledge extends, that the operations of this army during that time will admit of my services being dispensed with.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., September 1, 1864 - 11.05 a. m.

Major-General MEADE:

Your dispatch of 11 a. m. received. From all information for the last twenty-four hours Early's force is now on its way to Richmond. If this proves true we may expect stirring times within a few days of his arrival, and I should not like you to be absent. A dispatch is just in, however, from General Sheridan, and as soon as it is deciphered I may be able to tell better what may be expected, and will inform you. If you do go I would prefer your starting immediately so as to be back as early as possible.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., September 1, 1864.

(Received 1 p. m.)

Major-General MEADE:

Sheridan is satisfied that no considerable force, if any, has been detached from his front. I am willing, therefore, that you should go for a week, but if it is convenient for you would prefer that you start this evening. Ingalls starts for Washington this evening in a special boat, and if you will go he will start at any hour that suits your convenience.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

40 R R -VOL XLII, PT II

