HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 1, 1864.

Colonel SHARPE,

City Point, Va.:

Enemy is lying here from their right to left in the following order: Wilcox, Mahone, Heth, Johnson, Hoke. Mahone's division lies from their right to left in the following order: Wright (resting on railroad), Mahone, Sanders, Harris, Finegan. Law's and Anderson's brigades, of Field's division, are lying in ravine between plank road and lead-works.

J. MCENTEE,

Captain.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

September 1, 1864.

Captain MCENTEE:

MY DEAR SIR: Deserters yesterday from Twenty-fifth Virginia Battalion report that all of Field's division has gone to Petersburg, except one brigade. Deserter from Second Maryland reports that there are but seventy men for duty in the battalion; that they lost eighty-eight men in the assault on the Weldon railroad. I sent to you a telegram epitomizing the information received here on the 29th instant through a telegram from Captain Leet regarding Early. My telegram was either late on the 29th or early on the 30th, and was nearly in these words (I write from memory): That reports from our scouts from Mine Run showed movements indicating the return of Early's troops; that General Edward Johnson had gone to Atlanta; that it was reported Beauregard had gone to Atlanta with a part of the troops from the Valley. I should like very much to know if such a telegram was not received.

Yours,

G. H. SHARPE.
HEADQUARTERS,September 1, 1864. (Received 4.25 p. m.)

Colonel SHARPE:

Deserter from Twenty-sixth Mississippi, Davis' brigade, Heth's division; intelligent deserter from Nineteenth Georgia, Colquitt's brigade, by birth a Pennsylvanian, says Johnson and Hoke join on the left of Heth and carry line to the river. Says nothing is rumored of Early's return from the Valley; on the contrary, he says there is talk of sending him more men from Longstreet's old corps. No deserter or refugee that I have examined believes that Early will abandon the Valley. This young man says that it is not believed that we have much of a force before Petersburg; that his colonel remarked yesterday that he would take his regiment alone and carry our first line, if supported. He also says they are in daily expectation of our withdrawal, and the men all dread remaining here this winter; that great dissatisfaction prevails, and all agree that this is the last year of the war. He says his lieutenant knew of his intention to desert, and will come over himself the first opportunity.

FRED. L. MANNING,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

