
Creek Depot, moving from our lines near the Perkins house. General Warren will place a division of infantry under Gregg's orders for support. The commanding general desires that especial vigilance be enjoined upon the troops in the front.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Generals Birney and Willcox.)

ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

September 1, 1864.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Army Corps:

Edgell's battery, of your corps, relieved the siege guns in Fort Hell. Both the batteries in that fort are rifles; one, at least, should be of Napoleons. I have none of that kind at my disposal. Either an additional battery of Napoleons should be put there or exchanged for Edgell's. It would be more efficient for use against the rifle-pits of the enemy's skirmishers. I am on a court-martial, and can't go up this morning.

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General and Chief of Artillery.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

September 1, 1864.

In consequence of a proposed movement of the cavalry under General Gregg, it is directed that no details for fatigue be furnished tomorrow. The troops will be kept in readiness to move at short notice, and those on the line particularly will be on the alert.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

W. P. WILSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,

September 27, 1864.*

The following directions are given for the better police of the line of intrenchments held by this corps:

I. The troops along the line connecting with the inclosed works will not be permitted to occupy the ground near the parapet. In all cases a sufficient interval must be allowed for the passage of troops in columns of four, and for the prompt formation in line to resist an attack.

II. In the inclosed works commanders will exact constant attention to sanitary and police measures. No rubbish whatever will be allowed to be put in the ditches, and the parade ground and banquettes must be kept cleared, so as to permit the promptest movements of the garrison in case of an attack.

III. Sinks for the use of the men will be constructed along the entire line and the men forced to make use of them. Where the rifle-pits have been left in a filthy condition by the troops formerly on the line they will be properly policed.

---------------

*Erroneously arranged out of chronological order.

---------------

