
IV. Drains will be constructed to keep the pits and vicinity of the forts dry. When the rifle-pits cannot be drained otherwise, small pits for the reception of the surface water should be sunk, to be emptied and cleaned out whenever necessary.

V. The assistant inspector-general will detail an officer of his department to inspect the line daily to report upon the observance of this order and the orders heretofore published respecting the police and sanitary measures of camp. The report of this officer will be sent to these headquarters daily at 8 a. m.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

H. H. BINGHAM,

Major and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARTILLERY Brigadier, SECOND CORPS,Numbers 141. September 1, 1864.

Battery K, Fourth U. S. Artillery, Lieutenant J. W. Roder commanding, is relieved from duty with the First Division of the corps. Lieutenant Roder will report without delay with his battery at these headquarters. The Third New Jersey Battery, C and I, Fifth United States, and the Twelfth New York Battery will unhitch and unharness.

By command of Major John G. Hazard:

U. D. EDDY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 1, 1864.

[General MOTT:]

The line for the rifle-pit to connect the redoubt on the plank road with the one at the Strong house is laid out. The general desires as much work done on it as practicable to-day by your pioneers. Colonel Morgan has seen General Pierce on the subject, and his pioneers and a few from Colonel McAllister's brigade are already at work, putting up the revetment and clearing away the underbrush, so that a large detail from First and Second Divisions can work to-night. No further directions are necessary to them. The general will require the garrison at the large redoubt to work on that part of the rifle-pit adjacent to the fort to-night - half of the garrison to work till 12 m., the remaining half till daylight; the first relief to commence work at dark. He wishes you to provide them with tools in the proportion of one pick to two shovels; also to send a staff officer to report to me at 4 p. m., to whom the work to be done will be indicated. Those of your men from the brigades of General Pierce and Colonel McAllister at work to-day will not be required to work to-night. The night work will be done by the details from First and Second Divisions and from the garrison at the redoubt.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

