HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 1, 1864 - 4 p. m.

Brigadier-General MOTT,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: Major-General Hancock directs me to say that it is reported that heavy skirmishing is going on with the enemy's cavalry in rear of General Ferrero; he therefore directs that you hold your command in readiness for any contingency. The working party now in the fort near the Strong house will form the garrison of the fort in case of any difficulty in that vicinity, and will hold the fort under charge of such officer as you may select, meanwhile they will continue to work, as all they do adds to the defensive power of the position.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,September 1, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

I have the honor to report that about 10 a. m. yesterday the enemy advanced a party about 150 strong to the vicinity of the Davis house, drove in the outlying picket, near the signal station, capturing 8 men, wounding 3, and killing 1, and causing the pickets to fall back a short distance. The enemy then retired. We hold the Davis house, but our signal station is much annoyed by the enemy's sharpshooters. There are 2,400 men at work daily on the defenses at this point, and 1,200 daily on picket, which, together with the details for camp guards and other necessary duties, makes the entire command on duty every other day.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 1, 1864 - 12.25 p. m.

Major General G. K. WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

The commanding general decides that the regiments of the old First Division, the Maryland Brigade excepted, must be organized into one division. He authorizes you, however, if you wish to do so, to submit a project for the reorganization of the Fifth Corps into one division.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,September 1, 1864 - 1 p. m.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

If it is imperative to have the First Corps made into one division I think it will be best to make one division of the Fifth Corps, too, which will make one of nearly the same size. I think the best way to do this is to select the officers who are to command the division and let them

