
are transferred to the Second and Third Divisions, as follows: To the Second Division - Twenty-first Massachusetts Volunteers, battalion Third Maryland Volunteers, battalion Thirty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, Fifty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers; to the Third Division - Twenty-ninth Massachusetts Volunteers, Fifty-seventh Massachusetts Volunteers, Fifty-ninth Massachusetts Volunteers, One hundredth Pennsylvania Volunteers, One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, Fourteenth New York Artillery (heavy).

II. The regiments transferred to the Second Division will be assigned to brigades by the commanding officer of the division.

III. The regiments transferred to the Third Division will constitute the Third Brigade of that division.

IV. Brigadier General John F. Hartranft will assume command of his original brigade and temporarily the command of the Third Division. Major W. H. D. Cochrane, assistant quartermaster, and Captain C. J. Mills, assistant adjutant-general, will report for duty at these headquarters.

V. Staff officers rendered supernumerary by the operation of this order will report to the chiefs of their respective departments at these headquarters for orders.

VI. Acting staff officers and enlisted men on duty at the different headquarters of the division and brigades thus broken up will report to the commanding officers of their respective regiments.

By command of Brigadier-General Willcox:

JOHN C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,September 1, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

The following just received from General Ferrero:

I have to report that Captain Andrews, in command of cavalry pickets in our front (Gurley house), states that the enemy attacked his line again at sundown and drove him back one-quarter of a mile, where he now is, and that it was infantry that made the attack. I have established a strong picket of infantry in rear of the cavalry and ordered my division in line of battle before sunrise in the morning.

The enemy also advanced his vedettes to this edge of the corn-field in front of the Third Division this evening.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 1, 1864 - 11.45 p. m.

Brigadier-General WILLCOX,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

The commanding general directs that you be prepared at daylight to withdraw one division from your front to support General Ferrero if he should require it, and also have the reserve artillery ready to send him.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

