
[SEPTEMBER 1,] 1864 - 1.35 a. m.

Major-General ORD:

As the two companies which you sent to the Berkeley Place are insufficient to do any work, the general commanding desires that you send in addition a small colored regiment, which can be relieved after the defenses are completed.

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPARTMENT OF VA. AND N. C.,Numbers 240. In the Field, Va., September 1, 1864.

* * * * * * *

V. Major General D. B. Birney, commanding Tenth Corps, will send to Broadway Landing, as soon as possible, a regiment of colored troops, there to take water transportation for Berkeley house, Harrison's Landing. Quartermaster's department will furnish transportation.

* * * * * * *

IX. The Seventy-ninth New York Volunteers will proceed and report without delay to the commanding officer Ninth Army Corps, Army of the Potomac.

* * * * * * *

XIII. Brigadier General O. S. Ferry, U. S. Volunteers, will report in person without delay to Lieutenant General U. S. Grant, commanding Armies of the United States.

By command of Major-General Ord:

R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

BROADWAY LANDING, VA., September 1, 1864 - 6.30 a. m.

Major TRUMBULL,

First Connecticut Artillery, Headquarters Tenth Corps:

I have ordered Captain Brooker to relieve you. He will arrive probably by noon. The ambulance which brings his baggage will bring back yours, and yourself, too, if you prefer if to horseback. I shall come down with Captain Brooker.

HENRY L. ABBOT,

Colonel First Connecticut Artillery,
HEADQUARTERS SIEGE ARTILLERY,Broadway Landing, Va., September 1, 1864.

Major R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Va. and N. C.:

MAJOR: I have the honor to inclose a copy of paragraph IV, Special Orders, Numbers 123, headquarters Eighteenth Army Corps. I would respectfully protest against this order: first, because it annuls General Orders, Numbers -, headquarters Department of Virginia and North Carolina, dated June 19, 1864 (copy herewith inclosed), and thus deprives me of the command assigned to me by the commanding general of the department; and, second, because it destroys the organization of the siege artillery of the department, and thus impairs its efficiency. When the lines of Bermuda Hundred were first constructed its fixed artillery

