
[Inclosure Numbers 2.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 123. In the Field, Va., September 1, 1864.

* * * * * * *

IV. Commanding officers of all heavy, siege, and permanent batteries now in position on the front occupied by the Eighteenth Corps will report in person at once to Colonel A. Piper, chief of artillery, Eighteenth Army Corps, who is placed in command of all artillery from Deep Bottom to Fort Converse. They will also send in daily to the headquarters of the artillery morning reports of the strength of their batteries and such other information as may be useful to the chief of artillery.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major General E. O. C. Ord:

THEODORE READ,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

Let a proper order be issued putting the organization and command of the artillery as was agreed upon and settled as the most for the benefit of the service by the within order.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General of Volunteers.

So much of Special Orders, Numbers 123. paragraph IV, issued from headquarters Eighteenth Army Corps, as relates to the command of Colonel H. L. Abbot, namely, the siege artillery, is hereby revoked, and Colonel Abbot will, as heretofore, report only to these headquarters.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,September 1, 1864 - 9 a. m.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

All is quiet on my line. At one point the enemy keep up a sharpshooters' fire. So far as I can make out from deserters, Heth has relieved two of his brigades on my left and sent them to his right in reserve, and line remains as before. The enemy are busy in constructing boom-proofs and strengthening their lines. I have 700 men on fatigue, and sent by General Ord's order a squadron cavalry from my right that were on picket to Bermuda Hundred for special duty. I am at work along my line policing and strengthening it. I found its police in most filthy condition, the covered ways having been used as sinks.

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,September 1, 1864.

Brigadier-General HUNT,

Chief of Artillery:

The firing on our lines is in reply to fire opened by the enemy.

Respectfully,

F. MCGILVERY,

Colonel and Chief of Artillery.

