
SEPTEMBER 1, 1864. (Received 3.27 p. m.)

Major-General BIRNEY,

Tenth Army Corps:

Major-General Ord directs that you send a regiment of colored troops to Berkeley house, Harrison's Landing, for temporary duty. They will go to Bermuda Landing and take water transportation there. No land transportation will be required with them.

R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,September 1, 1864 - 4.15 p. m. (Received 4.35 p. m.)

Major DAVIS:

As my troops are in line it may be night before a colored regiment can be taken out. As this will thin my line, could not a regiment from the reserve at Spring Hill be sent to me during its absence? I sent you a very intelligent deserter this morning. He reports Heth, Hoke, and Bushrod Johnson in my front. I have sent in prisoners from all.

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General.

Send to General Ord.

HATCHER'S, September 1, 1864.

Major-General BIRNEY:

I have no reserve at Spring Hill. The garrison there is reduced to two companies.

E. O. C. ORD,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 114. Before Petersburg, Va., September 1, 1864.

* * * * * * *

2. Colonel J. B. Howell, Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, is assigned to the temporary command of the Third Division during the sickness of Brigadier-General Birney, and will assume command at once.

3. Second Lieutenant Joel W. Hyde, Twenty-ninth Connecticut volunteers, is hereby appointed acting assistant inspector-general for the First Brigade, Third Division, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly. He will report in person to Lieutenant Colonel R. H. Jackson, assistant inspector-general, at these headquarters for instruction.

4. The commanding officer of the Third Division will send the smallest of the colored regiments lately belonging to the Eighteenth Corps to Bermuda Hundred as soon as possible, there to embark for Berkeley house, Harrison's Landing.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major-General Birney:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

