
CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,

Before Petersburg, Va., September 1, 1864.

Brigade commanders will enjoin on their officers and men in the trenches the most extreme vigilance during the night and to-morrow. At 4 o'clock to-morrow morning the reserves, including every man capable of bearing arms, will be placed under arms and kept in readiness to move until half an hour after sunrise, and during the whole day to-morrow no man will be suffered to leave his regiment, except for absolutely necessary purposes.

By order of Brigadier General A. H. Terry:

ADRIAN TERRY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., September 1, 1864.

Captain ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following summary of events pertaining to my command during the past twenty-four hours: The position, &amp;c., of the reserves remained unchanged. The draining and policing of the trenches in my front are in progress, the trenches being now in a far better condition than when I first occupied them. No movements of note, offensive or defensive, have been made by my command.

The officer of the trenches reports last night:

The enemy kept up a rapid fire of musketry and quite annoying fire from sharpshooters, who enfiladed the line. They are quite busy erecting, completing, and repairing works on their line, one of which seems to be built so as to enfilade the railroad and a great part of the brigade line; also one of his works in process of construction opposite the center of this brigade line seems so situated as to enfilade the right of our line. The enemy is also throwing up a second and in some places a third line of works opposite our center.

The officer of the trenches this morning reports:

All well. The enemy kept up a fire on the left and center of our line almost continually. No working was done by them that could be seen during the night. But little firing has been done from our brigade. I have had some work done on the trenches.

No casualties have occurred since yesterday's report.

I have the honor to be, captain, your obedient servant,

J. B. HOWELL,

Colonel Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Vols., Commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Petersburg, Va., September 1, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that for the past twenty-four hours it has been unusually quiet on my front. The troops of my command have been engaged in raising and strengthening the parapet and traverses at several points on the line. In rear of Third Brigade a covered way has been commenced leading from the reserves to the

