
150. I expect to get a large to-morrow. I have done all that could be done, but I am not as fortunate as you expected me to be. I shall keep working.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully,

FRED. MARTIN,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., September 1, 1864.

Major R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Department of Va. and N. C.:

MAJOR: The matter of collecting the colored men for laborers has been one of some difficulty, but I hope to send up a respectable force. The matter has been fairly explained to the contrabands, and they have been treated with the utmost consideration, but they will not go willingly. Now, I take it that state of the country needs their services, and that if they will not go willingly they must be forced to go, and I propose to take all I can find who are in no permanent employment and send them up. I am aware that this may be considered a harsh measure, but at such a time we must not stop at trifles. As long as the general understands my motives I do not care particularly for the complaints of outsiders. I have promised all the contrabands I have seized that their pay shall commence from the day of taking them from here. I hope you will direct the quartermaster so to place them on the rolls. Captain Martin, upon his arrival, will explain more fully the difficulties in the way here.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.

WASHINGTON, September 2, 1864.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Just return. Does the fall of Atlanta make any change in your views, especially as to the time, October 1?

G. V. FOX.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 2, 1864-8.20 a.m. (Received 8.40 a.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Commanding Armies of the United States, City Point:

The following telegrams* received shows the result of the operations of the cavalry column this morning. Shall General Gregg make another dash in heavier column at some point two or three miles lower down? The brigade that made the dash out was 2,600 or 2,800 strong.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.

---------------

*See Gregg to Humphreys, 6.15 and 7.30 a.m., pp. 669, 670.

---------------

