
acquainted with Colonel Gaillard, and stood by his side when a piece of shell cut off his arms; assisted in binding his wound, &amp;c. One meeting him at Weldon he casually observed that "the brigade myst be pretty well reduced "by this time, and the Colonel replied, "Yes; if the sick and slightly wounded were with the brigade I suppose it would number 800 men. He also states that many of the men of the brigade have deserted and gone home. He knew of nine men from his company deserting at one time. The brigade has been in several battles in this vicinity, and always lost heavily. They were considered the best South Carolina brigade in the field.

Respectfully,

J. McENTEE,

Captain, &c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,

September 2, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Two deserters from Lane's brigade, Wilcox's division, who just arrived, report the following: They left their picket-line about noon to-day, and came into our lines in front of the lead-works. Wilcox's division is stationed in the trenches, from their right to left, in the following order: Anderson's, Lane's (in front of lead-works), McGowan's, Scales'. They were both at Petersburg yesterday, and returned late last evening, and they saw no troops in reserve. They have heard of no troops arriving in that vicinity lately, and they report no recent changes within the enemy's lines. They see wagon trains passing both ways on the plank road west of the Weldon railroad every day, and state that they have no guard with them.

Very respectfully,

J. McENTEE,

Captain, &c.

They also report that Lane's brigade moved down the railroad a short distance this morning on account of some movement observed or suspected within our lines, but they returned again to their old position.

Respectfully.

J. McENTEE,

Captain.
HEADQUARTERS,September 2, 1864-1.30 p.m.

Colonel SHARPE:

Deserter from Forty-sixth North Carolina, Cooke's brigade, Heth's division, came into our lines yesterday morning: Says the cooks that brought rations from the rear reported that Early had been ordered here from the Valley, and that the rumor was regarded as a certainty by all the soldiers. Reports no changes, but tells the old story of want in the Confederacy, and the rebellion played out.

FRED. L. MANNING,

Lieutenant and Aide-de-Camp.

42 R R-VOL XLII, PT II

