HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,September 2, 1864.

Brigadier-General MOTT:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding thinks you had better have your troops between Fort Crawford and the fort at the Strong house moved forward to occupy and complete the rifle pits now partially erected. With your left at the fort, near the Strong house, your right ought to nearly reach Fort Crawford. The general does not desire the camp on the second line struck until the men have finished their breast-works. I will go over the line with one of your staff officers and General Pierce if you desire, and indicate as far as practicable what the general wishes done.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 2, 1864-10.40 a.m.

Brigadier-General MOTT,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding instructs me to say that he understands there is no garrison in the fort on the left of the plank road and that he deems it important that a small garrison should be put there as soon as possible, particularly to-day, as there are no working parties out.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. WILSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,September 2, 1864.

Colonel ROBERT McALLISTER,

Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that the troops of your command be moved up and complete and occupy the new line of works. The camps will not be broken up until the breast-works are completed. Major William will accompany you on the line and indicate as far as practicable the desires of the general.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. LOCKWOOD,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,September 2, 1864-10 a.m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report everything very quiet in my front during yesterday and last night. I send you two citizens, Messrs. Burgess and Batonn, who came into our lines this morning and escaped

