SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 161. September 2, 1864.

* * * * * *

5. The Third Maryland Volunteer Battalion is hereby transferred from the Second Division, Brigadier-General Potter commanding, to the Third Division, Brigadier-General Hartranft commanding, and the commanding officer will report for orders accordingly.

6. The One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers is hereby transferred from the Third Division, Brigadier-General Hartranft commanding, to the Second Division, Brigadier-General Potter commanding, and the commanding officer will report for orders accordingly.

* * * * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Willcox:

JNO. C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,September 2, 1864-12.50 a.m.

Brigadier-General POTTER,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you hold your division in readiness to move at daylight to the support of General Ferrero should he require it. General Hartranft will extend his lines so as to cover the ground now occupied by your troops in case you are called upon to move as indicated above. If you are called upon to move, you will do so at once, commencing on the right, leaving General Hartranft to take up the line. Your pickets will not be relieved until after General Hartranft shall have got in position.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. YOUNGMA,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. SECOND DIV., 9TH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 105. Near Weldon Railroad, Va., September 2, 1864.

I. The following regiments, viz, Twenty-first Massachusetts Volunteers, Thirty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers, Fifty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers, One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, having been transferred to this division, are assigned as follows: To the First Brigade-Twenty-first Massachusetts Volunteers, Thirty-fifth Massachusetts Volunteers; to the Second Brigade-Fifth-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers, One hundred and seventy-ninth New York Volunteers.

II. The commanding officers of the above regiments will report immediately to Colonel John I. Curtin, commanding First Brigade, and to Brigadier Ge. S. G. Griffin, commanding Second Brigade, Respectively, as assigned by paragraph I of this order.

By command of Brigadier-General Potter:

SAML. WRIGHT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

