
FORT MONROE ARSENAL, VA.,

September 2, 1864.

Colonel H. L. ABBOT,

Commanding Siege Artillery, Broadway Landing:

SIR: Your letter of the 29th ultimo was received this morning, and in reply I have to state that the 13-inch shells called for in your requisition of the 23rd instant were forwarded to City Point immediately on the receipt of your requisition. With regard to the cartridges for the 4.5-inch and 30-pounder rifled guns, I would state that some of them which have been sent you were prepared at this arsenal and some were received from New York and other arsenals. In preparing those sent from this arsenal, cannon powder has been used exclusively for the 4.5-inch and mortar powder for the 30-pounders. No mixture of different kinds of powder has been used.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. EDSON,

Captain of Ordnance, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,September 2, 1864-9 a.m.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

The usual fatigue details on redoubt and work on camp police and strengthening trenches were carried on yesterday morning. The enemy were discovered pushing out a sap from their line to left of Hare house. I opened fire on it with artillery, which brought on a general artillery fire from batteries on each side. Our fire was good and stopped the work. The taking away of two strong regiments and cavalry pickets from my already attenuated line will compel me to reduce the fatigue details on redoubt. It was my understanding that in relieving the Eighteenth Corps it should be massed, except one division, to hold my former line at Spring Hill to support me holding a threatened line. I seem to be called on for all details and my line is very much reduced. I shall in a few days fall back to the new line, holding advanced line by pickets.

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 115. Before Petersburg, Va., September 2, 1864.

* * * * * * * * *

4. Lieutenant Colonel R. H. Jackson, assistant inspector-general, is hereby temporarily appointed chief of artillery, and will assume the duties of that office, and the command of the Artillery Brigade, at once. The staff officers of the brigade will report to Lieutenant-Colonel Jackson immediately.

By command of Major-General Birney:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

