SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 108. Before Petersburg, Va., September 2, 1864.

1. Major Vincent E. von Koerber, First Maryland Cavalry, is hereby detailed for duty as engineer officer of this division and will report for instructions to these headquarters.

By order of Brigadier General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., September 2, 1864.

Captain ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that no changes have occurred in the dispositions of the reserves of the First Brigade. Instructions in regard to draining and cleaning the trenches have been received and are being carried out. The officer of the trenches yesterday reported that the enemy were engaged in running a sap near the center of our line, which report was at once forwarded to the brigadier-general commanding the First Division, as whose direction Colonel Howell opened two guns on the working party. The camp of the Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers was shelled yesterday evening, the shell passing directly over the brigade headquarters. One man was wounded, having his arm shot off. The officer of the trenches reports this morning all quiet. The enemy fired upon our line continually last night, wounding one man of the sixty-second Ohio Volunteers. Two men from the same regiment were wounded by a shell yesterday. The enemy is still at work upon his new ditch and fired from it last night. The line could be much improved if some sand-bags were furnished. It is quite weak in some places. The casualties named are all that occurred in the past twenty-four hours.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS B. POND,

Colonel Sixty-second Ohio Volunteers, Commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Petersburg, Va., September 2, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that during the past twenty-four hours there have been no unusual movements on the part of the enemy. On the right of my line the troops are engaged in policing, strengthening, and raising the parapets and cutting abatis to be placed on the front; on the center, Colonel Barton's brigade in policing trenches, &amp;c.; on my left, in raising and strengthening the parapets and draining the low ground mentioned in Captain Briscoe's report A covered way is nearly completed from the reserves to the trenches, materially shortening the distance heretofore necessary to go in order to reach the front. Sinks have been dug some distance to the rear, connected with the trenches by a covered way.

Respectfully, yours,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

43 R R-VOL XLII, PT II

