
WAR DEPARTMENT,

September 3, 1864-8 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The telegraph line between Nashville and Chattanooga being broken we have had nothing south of Nashville to-day, and the next intelligence from Atlanta may come through the Richmond papers. If you get anything from that source please transmit to this Department.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

CITY POINT, VA., September 3, 1864-6.30 p.m.

(Received 11 p.m.)

Honorable G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary of the Navy:

It is impossible at this time to say what effect Sherman's victory may have on the time of undertaking the enterprise you speak of.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,

September 3, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Two deserters from Finegan's and one from Harris' brigade report no change within the enemy's lines. They have heard of no troops arriving at Petersburg, either by rail or in any other way. They left their picket-line last night and arrived here this morning.

Very respectfully,

J. McENTEE,

Captain, &amp;c.

JORDAN'S HOUSE, September 3, 1864-11 a.m.

Major FISHER,

Chief Signal Officer:

About fifty horses are grazing in front of Whitehead's Factory. A train of cars is now standing on the Richmond railroad opposite this place and about one-third of a mile from Archer's battery toward Petersburg. Many soldiers without arms and citizens are going from Petersburg. Many soldiers without arms and citizens are going from Petersburg on the railroad toward the train. There is a rebel station of observation in a small house in front of the train. The enemy are still at work on Archer's battery; also on the earth-work opposite the Rushmore house. Three limbers for heavy pieces are in the works. The rebel signal officer reports the drilling of cavalry and artillery near Cobb's. Wagons moving to and from Bermuda Hundred and over pontoon. I send his last message.

Colonel VENABLE:

No farther movement. I report every movement as soon as it takes place.

R.,

Sergeant at C.

T. R. CLARK,

Captain and Signal Officer.

