HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 3, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel MORGAN,

Inspector-General, Second Corps:

No system of designation has been established for redoubts and batteries. It is the custom to designate them from their locality as the Strong house redoubt, or from their character, as the redan or the fourteen-gun battery, or the large redoubt of the plank road. No name has been selected for the redoubt near the Strong house.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 3, 1864.

Colonel ROBERT McALLISTER,

Commanding Third Brigade:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to say that the part of the new parapet nearest the fort is seen by the enemy. Brush should be thrown up in front of it. The troops in camping will leave a street between their front tents and the parapet, so that it can be used as a parade ground and for the passage of troops along the rifle-pits. Streets will be cut to the rear without delay, so that every regiment will have a road to pass to the rear in case they are moved at any time. An abatis of sharpened timber or stakes will be put up about 200 yards in front of the rifle-pits and paths made for the pickets to pass in and out. There are some old rifle-pits near the fort in front of your new rifle-pits, which you will destroy. You will also prepare an abatis and place it in front of the fort.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JAMES H. LOCKWOOD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Brigadier General B. R. Pierce, Second Brigade.)
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,September 3, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that the Third Division (Crawford's) moved out yesterday at 3 a.m. to support the movement of General Gregg's cavalry. The division returned to its former camp about 7 a.m. Two officers, First Lieutenant Buckingham, One hundred and forty-sixth New York Volunteers, and Lieutenant Green, Fifth New York Volunteers, were shot by rebel sharpshooters yesterday morning at the picket-line near the Davis house. Lieutenant Buckingham died from the wound received. Everything very quiet during the day and night.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.

