
major-general commanding, by whom I am directed to say in reply that it is not at present in contemplation to make any further use of the mine in connection with the operations in front of Petersburg.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH CORPS,August 6, 1864. (Received 9.20 p. m.)

General WILLIAMS:

All has been quiet on my front to-day.. At present some little mortar firing is going on. One of my battery commanders resorts as follows:

The rebels appear to have some movement on foot. They have been leaving the breast-works to our front and left in squads of three or four during the afternoon, being equipped with knapsacks and muskets. There has been a cloud of dust behind the woods, as if troops were moving, but I could not say in what direction. It is my opinion they were moving to our left.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., August 6, 1864-8 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel L. RICHMOND,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Ninth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report everything quiet along my front for the past twelve hours. A working party, under the direction of Captain Hudson, division engineer officer, has been ordered to construct a covered way leading to the right of our picket-line, which will render access to it perfectly secure.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. WHITE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., August 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General HARTRANFT,

Commanding First Brigade:

You will relieve the troops of Colonel Humphrey's brigade now in the trenches with your command to-night. Colonel Humphrey will furnish the number equivalent to the Fifty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers from his brigade.

By order of Brigadier-General Willcox:

ROBT. A HUTCHINS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

AUGUST 6, 1864-8.30 a. m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Secretary of War:

At 6.30 p. m., yesterday the enemy sprang a small mine in front of the Eighteenth Corps, near Petersburg, about forty yards in front of our works. They did not make an assault. A fresh artillery fire was

