HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Petersburg, Va., September 3, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that during the past twenty-four hours there has been no movement on the part of the enemy on my front or change in the disposition of my own command. The troops of Colonel Curtis' brigade are engaged in strengthening and repairing the entrenchments and abatis. Colonel Barton's line being situated on higher ground is more easily repaired, and the improvements in progress on the entrenchments and for policing are nearly completed. A portion of Colonel Osborn's line is on low ground and requires considerable time and labor to put it in proper order. His troops are engaged in raising the parapet and forming a suitable banquette. I copy the following extract from Colonel Osborn's report regarding policing on his part of the line:

By persistent efforts in the last-named my trenches have been brought from the extremely filthy condition in which I found them to a state in which it is possible for men to live with the hope of retaining their health. As they are in a hollow, the drainage is very difficult, but I hope to succeed in accomplishing it by running a drain 200 or 300 yards to the rear.

Very respectfully, yours,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,September 3, 1864-8 p.m.

Captain WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division:

CAPTAIN: A report has just come in from Major Baker from Sycamore Church.* He reports that a train of two wagons, escorted by a non-commissioned officer and six men, was attacked whilst returning from his camp to these headquarters; three of the men and six of the mules were captured. A force was sent in pursuit that came upon the enemy in superior force and there was a severe fight. Captain Hamilton, who was in command of the pursuing party, was compelled to fall back with the loss of 1 man killed and 3 wounded. Captain Hamilton was slightly wounded. The report does not state either time or place, and is rather indefinite. Major Baker does not ask for assistance. I infer that it occurred early this morning as the regiment was taking up its position at Sycamore Church. I have sent for further particulars.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,September 3, 1864-10 p.m.

Respectfully forwarded for the information of the major-general commanding.

All quiet on the line of the Second Division.

D. McM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Second Division.

---------------

*See Part I, p. 842.

---------------

