
of these men, from Ninth Alabama, states that there are eighty-seven muskets in his regiment, and not more than 600 in the brigade. He is an intelligent man, and has a good general idea of enemy's organization. He is certain that the brigades of Mahone's division do not average 800 men, and from general observation, he thinks, the other brigades in Hill's corps very little larger. The brigades of Lee's army, he thinks, will not average 1,000 men. Law's brigade, he thinks, is the only one of Field's in our front. Neither of these men have heard of the arrival of troops from Early or elsewhere. Provisions for Mahone's division are all cooked near the South Side Railroad depot and carried to the front every night by the cooks. It is from them that the men generally get the news, and they think had any troops arrived there by rail they would have heard of it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. McENTEE,

Captain, &amp;c.

PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

September 4, 1864-6.30. p.m.

Major FISHER:

At 12 m. a train of twelve wagons loaded with forage came from our left, moving toward Petersburg. Enemy's lines unusually quiet.

H. W. FULTON.

SEPTEMBER 4, 1864-7 p.m.

Major B. F. FISHER,

Chief Signal Officer:

There has been considerable stir in enemy's lines this p.m., but I have not been able to catch any movement of account. One piece of artillery and caisson moved out of town toward the left at 3 p.m. Several small squads of infantry moving in different directions all p.m., but nothing heavy.

A. C. JORDAN,

Sergeant.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 240. September 4, 1864.

The leave of absence recently granted to Brigadier General J. White, U. S. Volunteers, by the commander of the Ninth Corps, for the benefit of his health, is extended ten days.

By command of Major-General Parke:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 4, 1864.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

The following dispatch* from the lieutenant-general commanding the armies in the field is sent for your information and guidance. The

---------------

*See Grant to Parke, beginning-A line, &c., p. 682.

---------------

