
major-general commanding directs that corps commanders holding on the left of the plank road so arrange their troops and artillery on the left of that road that they may be withdrawn promptly, with the exception of the garrisons and armaments of the inclosed works, which will remain to hold the line. The corps commanders holding on the right of the plank road will so arrange their troops as to be able at any moment to withdraw all but 2,000 men to the mile, and move them promptly to meet an attack from the rear. They will also keep in view the contingency of holding the line solely with the inclosed works as far as the Hare house. Their reserve artillery will likewise be held ready to move. A line will be at once selected in rear of the line now held upon which to meet an attack upon the rear. Due notice will be given of the positions to be occupied in it by the different corps upon the happening of such contingency.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Generals Warren, Birney, and Willcox.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 4, 1864-9.35 p.m.

Major General W. S. HANCOCK,

The following dispatch* has just been received from Lieutenant-General Grant. The commanding general directs that you cause the instructions it conveys to be at once complied with so far as your command is concerned.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

(Same to Major-General Birney.)
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 4, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

In view of the information you send I would like to suggest the expediency of putting a redoubt at the Smith house and one at the Williams house, if time permits, [sic] the road from the plank road toward Gurley's, properly Smith's, which is in a considerable clearing on high ground. There, also, are roads more or less good running to the railroad.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 4, 1864.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

A line will the thrown up at once from Warren's left to the Williams house, and cover for as much artillery as can be established at the

---------------

*See Grant to Parke, beginning-A scout, &amp;c., p. 682.

---------------

