
to have a fair sweep. Any remains of old entrenchments on this front must be taken down. The general desires you to select a good reliable commander for each of these forts. The one at the Strong house will commander for each of these forts. The one at the Strong house will be garrisoned by about 400 and Fort Crawford by about 600 men. Further instructions will be given after an examination of the line in the morning, but meanwhile you are requested to keep your men at work as indicated. These preparations are very necessary, as information as indicated. These preparations are very necessary, as information has been received that Early has retired from the Valley and an attack is expected in the direction of the Jerusalem plank road, which it will require all available troops to meet. The general would like the picket-line of the enemy in your front disposed of as soon as you consider the nights favorable. He also wishes you to caution your commanders to watch the movements of the enemy, reporting any changes in their dispositions of troops.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. P. WILSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,September 4, 1864.

Brigadier General R. DE. TROBRIAND,

Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: It is reported that General Early, with his corps, is coming down and will probably make an attack on or near the Jerusalem plank road. You will make arrangements so that you can hold the works with about one-half of your brigade and the artillery. You may have to withdraw the balance at any time. The instructions are to hold the entrenchments with 2,000 men to a mile. I estimate your front at about one-half a mile, and think the above number can be withdrawn. You will caution your command to be very watchful and report any movement of the enemy without delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

G. MOTT,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 4, 1864.

Brigadier General B. R. PIERCE,

Commanding Second Brigade:

GENERAL: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to inform you that it is reported that General Early, with his corps, is coming down and will probably make an attack on or near the Jerusalem plank road. You will select a good reliable commander for the fort near the Strong house. You may have to withdraw your command, with the exception of 400 men for the garrison at the fort, and your pickets at any moment. In the meantime you will keep your men at work to perfect the abatis, and have the ground cleared so that the guns at the fort will have a fair sweep. Any remains of old entrenchments in front should be taken down. You will caution your command to be very watchful and report any movement of the enemy without delay.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. LOCKWOOD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

