
CITY POINT, September 4, 1864.

Colonel SHAFFER,

General Butler's Headquarters:

Lieutenant General Grant desires me to ask if any rebel troops have been seen from the Point of Rocks observatory moving from Richmond toward Petersburg. If so, in what force and at what times?

C. B. COMSTOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, September 4, 1864-7.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-Colonel COMSTOCK,

Aide-de-Camp, City Point:

There have been no troops seen moving from the signal tower.

R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,September 4, 1864.

The following is a synopsis of dispatches received from Lieutenant-General Grant and headquarters Army of the Potomac: An attempt on the part of the enemy to drive us from the Weldon road is anticipated. It is thought they will march around our left and attack us in rear. Should they do so, all our troops to the left of the point of attack will move against the enemy, leaving only garrisons in the inclosed works. The troops on the right of the plank road will be so arranged as to be able to be withdrawn at any moment, all but 2,000 men to the mile, and move promptly to meet an attack from the rear. It may be necessary to hold the line as far as the Hare hose solely with the inclosed works.

By order of Major-General Birney:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, TENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., September 4, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to submit the following report of the operations of the artillery of the corps during the last twenty-four hours: The enemy opened fire upon the batteries on the extreme left, but with little effect, and were soon silenced. There was but little firing on the right during the day. Captain Riggs' batter (H), Third New York Artillery, expended seventy-five rounds on the enemy's working parties at work on the hill to the left of the railroad. Lieutenant Stitt, Battery A, First Pennsylvania, reports twenty-five rounds expended. He has the crater in his immediate front and is in a good position to injure the enemy's works. Captain Orwig, Battery E, First

