
duty, besides some who were unwell and not fit for duty, remaining out over night. There were not men left in camp to relieve the picket guard, and they have been forced to remain on duty forty-eight hours. I, therefore, respectfully request that more cavalry be furnished this post, that in case of another attack of this kind sufficient men may be on hand to send a force out, and leave enough in camp to do the regular picket duty required.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN D. LEE,

Lieutenant, Commanding Company H, Twentieth New York Cavalry.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF EASTERN VIRGINIA,Norfolk, Va., September 7, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded, calling attention of the commanding general to the urgent necessity for another company of cavalry at and near Yorktown. I have none to send.

G. F. SHEPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

WASHINGTON, September 5, 1864-6 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Launches ordered by telegraph from here, Philadelphia, and New York. Vessels beginning to arrive at Hampton Roads. Admiral Porter returns from the West to-morrow, and will go direct to you. The information and maps I sent you some time since were furnished by a Northern man who left the South very lately, and he has resided at W. thirty years. He knows the sentiments of people on the coast, and has other information, and as Governor Andrew vouches for him I will send him down in the boat that carries Admiral Porter.

G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary of the Navy.

CITY POINT, September 5, 1864. (Received 10.30 a.m.)

Major-General PARKE:

Colonel Spear reports that the enemy made his appearance at different points between Sycamore Church and Cocke's Mil. I think it advisable to send a brigade of cavalry in that direction to feel the enemy and drive what force he has in that quarter entirely off. This should be doe at once.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,

September 5, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Deserters from Harris', Finegan's, Mahone's, and Wright's brigades, who left their picket posts last night and arrived here this morning, report no changes in Mahone's division. One of

