HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,August 6, 1864-8.50.

Captain NORTON:

The enemy have unmasked three more guns on their left of Howlett battery.

G. S. DANA,

Captain, Signal Corps.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 22. In the Field, near Hatcher's, Va., August 6, 1864.

The following communication, received from the major-general commanding the department, is promulgated for the information of this command. The descriptive rolls of the volunteers will be made out and forwarded to these headquarters by 10 a. m. on Monday. It is hoped that the full number of volunteers required from the Tenth Corps will be forthcoming:
HEADQUARTERS DEPARTMENT OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, Va., August 6, 1864.

Major-General BIRNEY,

Commanding Tenth Army Corps:

I propose to call for volunteers to do a laborious piece of digging and making of earth-works, which I wish to be performed with efficiency and celerity. I want 1,000 men for that purpose. Will you please call for volunteers from your corps under these circumstances and with these limitations? Volunteers are wanted, to labor continuously, not exceeding twenty days, in digging and moving earth. There will be employed not to exceed 1,200 men. They will be worked seven hours and a half a day, in two reliefs-one working from 5 to 12.30, the other from 12.30 to 7.30. For this labor they will be paid eight cents each hour extra, and as it is fatigue duty a ration of half a gill of whisky will be served out to such as desire it each day, or its worth added to the pay of such as donut desire it. Laziness or inattention to duty will be punished by dismissal from the works and being returned to the regiment, which forfeiture of the pay earned. They will be paid for the first ten days at the expiration of that time, and the remainder as soon as the work is finished, which is not expected to exceed ten days more. The captain of each company will give an exact descriptive roll of the men volunteering, and when ordered will have the squad of volunteers ready to report under the charge of some competent non-commissioned officer, who is expected to labor with his squad. The details will be reported on Monday morning next, and will be ready to march on Tuesday morning. Your order will be read carefully at the head of each company at two company parades, and volunteers called for. It is not expected to take more than 600 men from your corps, if so many will volunteer. I propose to call for an equal volunteer force from the Eighteenth Army Corps.

I have the honor to be, very truly yours,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

By command of Major General D. B. Birney:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd Brigadier, 1ST DIV., 10TH A. C.,

Numbers 20. Deep Bottom, Va., August 6, 1864.

In view of an attack upon this position, the following dispositions will be made and the following orders govern the troops of this command:

I. The pickets if attacked will be expected to hold the line now established against the enemy's pickets or skirmishers, unless the

