
of the Ninth Corps, excepting 2,000 men in the line between the Strong house and the right of the Fifth Corps, are used as working parties, some of which will work to-night and to-morrow on the line from the Gurley house to the Williams house. They cannot be extended farther on the line.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 5, 1864. (Received 2 a. m. 6th.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

As I telegraphed this evening, I have not 5,000 men at utmost for detail, excluding Mott's division, now on the line, from which I suppose you do not want detail to be made. Two thousand of the engineers; the rest are also at work under division commanders, at my suggestion, as I consider the work essential to the safety of the line under my charge to furnish the detail now called for unless they come from Mott's division. I will order my meant to cease work, and will fill the details called for from men who have already worked part of the night. I would lie it understood, however, that I will not have the men to connect or finish my line, so that the responsibility [will rest] with the engineer department, who will have charge of that part of my cops available for fatigue.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 5, 1864.

Brigadier-General MILES,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to say that you can move your division to a suitable camping-ground near the Williams house. You will be required to furnish large working parties from it probably. You will not, however, be called upon for greater details than the strength of your division will warrant, considering that you furnish no pickets. The general suggests that you should move no more wagons than necessary outside the present line of intrenchments.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

ORDERS.] HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SECOND CORPS,

September 5, 1864.

1. Lieutenant-Colonel Schoonover, commanding Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, will at once move his regiment to the fort, taking command of the same.

2. Major Healy will leave the fort with his own regiment (the Eighth New Jersey Volunteers) and take the place of the Eleventh New Jersey

