
Volunteers in the line, leaving the Sixth Battalion New Jersey Volunteers in the fort, and its connection with the Eighth New Jersey Volunteers unchanged.

3. The commanding officer of Fort Crawford will immediately on receipt of this make a detail of one commissioned officer and forty men, with the proper number of non-commissioned officers, for fatigue duty. They will report with shovels to Captain Scott, engineer officer of division, in front of the fort.

By command of Colonel Robert McAllister:

J. P. FINKELMEIER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,September 5, 1864-9 a. m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that nothing of importance transpired in my front during yesterday or last night. Details from this corps numbering 2,400 men were employed on the forts yesterday. A man was received last evening who claimed to belong to U. S. Navy; was captured in the Wissahickon about a year ago. He escaped on 25th ultimo; has just reached our lines. He has been sent up.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 5, 1864. (Sent 8 p. m.)

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

The commanding general would like to have Hood's report telegraphed.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,September 5, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

The following is General Hood's official dispatch to the War Department:
HEADQUARTERS,September 3, 1864.

On the evening of the 30th of August the enemy made a lodgment across Flint River near Jonesborough. We attacked them there on the evening of the 31st with two corps, but failed to dislodge them. This made it necessary to abandon Atlanta, which was done on the night of the 1st of September. Our loss on the evening of the 31st was small. On the evening of the 1st of September General harder's corps, in position at Jonesborough, was assaulted by a superior force of the enemy, and being outflanked, were compelled to withdraw during the night with loss of eight guns. The enemy's prisoners report their loss very severe.

J. B. HOOD.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

45 R R-VOL XLII, PT II

