HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,September 5, 1864-11.40 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

The work on the right of the new line is progressing as favorably as the number of tools can warrant, but I am sorry to say there has been a delay in the detail from the Third Division ordered to work on the Williams house end of the line, the cause of which will be investigated. Pardon me if I trouble you for an answer to my last dispatch. I have telegraphed major Duane on the same subject without reply.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 5, 1864-12.30 p. m.

Brigadier General O. B. WILLCOX,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

Your dispatch of 11.40 to General Humphreys received. Generals Parke, Humphreys, and Bernard left here about an hour ago for the Williams house, and I think it quite k=likely will visit your headquarters before they return. major Duane says he has sent you officers and tools this morning.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 164. Near Blick's Station, Va., September 5, 1864.

* * * * *

3. I. Brigadier-General Potter, commanding Second Division, will take charge of the construction of the right part of the new line running from Gurley's house to the Williams house indicated by the engineer officers.

II. Brigadier-General Hartranft, commanding Third Division, will take charge of the construction of the left part of said line.

III. Every effort will be made by these officers to push the work on this line to a speedy completion.

* * * * *

12. The Seventy-ninth New York Volunteers, Captain H. G. Heffron commanding, having reported at these headquarters in obedience to orders from headquarters Department of Virginia and North Carolina, is hereby assigned to the Third Division, Brigadier-General Hartranft commanding, and will report without delay accordingly.

* * * * *

By command of Brigadier-General Willcox:

JNO. C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

