
the outer line as a picket-line with one man to ten yards. On my left I continue to keep a regiment in the outer line for the protection of a battery of four guns still in position there and for the purpose of connecting with the right of the Second Corps which maintains its old position. Two casualties occurred yesterday. A considerable number of Special Orders, Numbers 82, headquarters Armies of the United States, were gotten into the hands of the enemy. In some cases they were exchanged for a similar order from the rebel authorities.

I respectfully suggest that an engineer officer should immediately indicate to me what repairs and improvements in the line now occupied are deemed desirable, in order that I may commence work upon it at once.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

ALF. H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., September 5, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

Captain Gillespie, U. S. Corps of Engineers, will call upon General Terry in relation to the matters referred to.

By command of Major-General Birney:

ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., September 5, 1864.

Captain ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to make the following report of occurrences pertaining to my command during the past twenty-four hours: No change has been made in the dispositions of the reserve camps. The men in the front line, except fifty, were withdrawn about 400 yards to the rear of their position, connecting on the right with the Second Brigade and on the left with the Third. Heavy firing was kept up for near an hour by the batteries in my front last night. The enemy also kept up a heavy fire. My men were successful in getting a great many copies of Special Orders, Numbers 82, headquarters U. S. Army, into the enemy's line. They also received one similar in character from the enemy. I forward it with this report. One man in Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers wounded yesterday. No casualties reported last night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS B. POND,

Colonel Sixty-second Ohio Volunteers, Commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., September 5, 1864.

Captain A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that all is quiet in my front. No offensive demonstrations have been made by the enemy in the last

