
twenty-four hours. The report of an attack last night was a misunderstanding. A brisk cannonading occurred yesterday evening. The outer line of trenches in my front is now occupied by two officers and fifty men, with a line of communication established between them and the ;main line of troops. The Requa guns are in position and under command of Captain A. W. Wheler, Thirty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, one of them on the right of Lieutenant Wildey's battery, the other on the right of Captain Follett's battery. The reserves were under arms when an attack was rumored, otherwise they remain unchanged. No casualties have been reported.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS B. POND,

Colonel Sixty-second Ohio Volunteers, Commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Petersburg, Va., September 5, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel ED. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that there have been no particular changes on my line during the past twenty-four hours. The troops ar engaged in perfecting the works previously commanded and reported. An officer and two sergeants of the Forty-eighth New York Volunteers were captured on the picket-line about 7.30 last night. I at once strengthened my front line to the extent of about 350 men, in order to be prepared for any movement the enemy might make, based on information gained from the parties captured.

Respectfully, yours,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Petersburg, September 5, 1864.

Colonel N. M. CURTIS,

Commanding First Brigade:

Information has been received at these headquarters that an attack is anticipated on General Terry's front. The brigadier-general directs that you hold your reserves in readiness to move at a moment's notice, and if an attack is heard on that part of the line the troops of this command will be got under arms at once.

Respectfully, yours,

P. A. DAVIS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Petersburg, Va., September 5, 1864.

Captain P. A. DAVIS,

Asst. Adjt. General, Second Division, Tenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that during the past night satisfactory progress has been made in the construction of additional lookouts and in strengthening the abatis on my front. The most careful

