
attention has been paid to the police of trenches and grounds, which are now in excellent condition. The capture of Lieutenant Fletcher, Sergeant Cropsey, and Corporal Smith, all of the Forty-eighth New York Volunteers, while engaged in posting the vedettes, has already been reported, as also the reception of a deserter from the enemy. I have the honor to be, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. B. BARTON,

Colonel Forty-eight New York Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, September 5, 1864. (Received 2.20 p. m.)

Major-General GIBBON,

Eighteenth Army Corps:

I have received a telegram from Major General D. B. Birney that in the absence of General Ord he takes command of the department as senior officer.

Respectfully,

R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,In the Field, September 5, 1864. (Received 9 p. m.)

Major-General GIBBON,

Eighteenth Army Corps:

Major-General Birney, commanding department, directs that you send a regiment from your corps to relieve the 100-days' regiment at Fort Powhatan, temporarily. Lieutenant Colonel J. B. Howard, quartermaster, has transportation ready for the Twenty-second U. S. Colored Troops, which was to go, but General Birney decides to send one of yours.

R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,September 5, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Captain H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division:

CAPTAIN: The report form the pickets report everything quiet along the entire line. The commissary-sergeant of the First North Carolina cavalry got hit and surrendered himself of the right for my line this morning. From his I learn that the parties who have been molesting my line are parties of dismounted cavalry seeking to remount them selves to save being transferred into the infantry. His regiment, about 500 strong, he report as on picket, their left extending to the plank road and the reserves near the railroad near Reams' Station. He says the regiment has been on picket now for two days. I obedience to the general's orders I have directed Colonel Lewis, of the Third New York, to proceed with his regiment to Sycamore Church to reconnoiter

