
the front of the line in that vicinity, and to endeavor to capture or drive off such parties of the enemy as he may find, and to require the assistance of the First District of Columbia, if necessary, to assist him.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,September 5, 1864.

Major WETHERILL, Commanding Brigade:

MAJOR: The general commanding directs me to inform you that Colonel Lewis, commanding Third New York Cavalry, has been ordered to drive or capture whatever force of rebels he may find between Sycamore Church and Cocke's Mill. He has been authorized to call on Major Baker for re-enforcements (whom your will please notify), but not taking any of his men from their present position on the picket-line. He also desires me to inform you that the commissary-sergeant of North Carolina regiment captured this morning reports that the men who attack our pickets are dismounted cavalrymen seeking to obtain horses to remount themselves so as to avoid doing infantry duty. Such men, if captured, are not to be sent in as prisoners.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

M. J. ASCH,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE,Olive Branch Church, Va., September 5, 1864-4.30 p. m.

Major J. S. BAKER,

Commanding First District of Columbia Cavalry:

MAJOR: I learn form the commanding general that Colonel Lewis' command, Third New York Cavalry, has been ordered to drive or capture whatever force of rebels he may find between Sycamore Church and Cocke's Mill. He has been authorized to call upon you for re-enforcement, which you will furnish if required, but not take any of your men from their present position on the picket-line. I learn from headquarters that a commissary sergeant of a North Carolina regiment reports that the men who attack our pickets are dismounted cavalry seeking to obtain horses to remount themselves so as to avoid doing infantry duty. Such men, if captured, are not to be sent in as prisoners.

Very respectfully, yours,

SAM'S WETHERILL,

Major, Commanding Brigade.

(Same to Major Franklin A. Statton, commanding Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, at 4.35 p. m.)

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington City, September 6, 1864.

Major-General ORD, Baltimore:

You have permission to visit Washington for the purpose specified in your telegram of this date.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

