
PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

September 6, 1864-8.30 a. m.

Major B. F. FISHER:

The enemy extended rear line of works northwest from station during the night. Lines unchanged.

H. W. FULTON,

Sergeant.

PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

September 6, 1864-6.15 p. m.

Major B. F. FISHER:

The condition of the atmosphere has prevented a view of the enemy's lines since 10 a. m. No movements observed before that time.

H. W. FULTON,

Sergeant.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 6, 1864.

CORPS COMMANDERS:

The following memorandum, indicating the disposition that will be made of the troops in the event of a general attack upon the rear, is sent for your information and guidance by direction of the major-general commanding. The disposition will be modified according to circumstances:

1. Major-General Warren, commanding Fifth Corps, will be charged with the line from the Weldon railroad through the Gurley house to a point half way to the Williams house. he would keep a reserve on his right, besides holding the inclosed works of his present position.

2. Brigadier-General Willcox, commanding Ninth Corps, will be charged with the line from the point midway between the Gurley house and the Williams house to and including the works on the plank road. He will place his best troops at the Williams house, plank road, and at the small redoubt between Williams' and Gurley's. He will hold the line fronting toward Petersburg in the manner heretofore indicated.

3. Major-General Hancock, commanding Second Corps, will hold the rear line from the left of the plank road to the termination of the line on the Blackwater. The front line of the corps will be held in the manner prescribed in previous orders.

4. Major-General Birney, commanding Tenth Corps, will be prepared to support the rear line with his reserved troops.

5. Corps commanders will at once make themselves familiar with the parts of the line apportioned to their corps.

6. Brigadier-General Gregg, commanding cavalry, will be prepared to meet the movements of the enemy's cavalry either in occupying part of rifle-pits with his men dismounted or in covering between the Black-water and James.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to General Gregg.)

