
GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 99. Near Petersburg, Va., August 6, 1864.

I. Division commanders will cause the detail for duty in the line of trenches to be made so as to have one-half their commands on such duty, the other half being held in reserve. They will make careful personal inspection of the number reported from each regiment available for such duty, and see that every able-bodied man present, with the exception of cooks, clerks, and orderlies, has his tour of duty in the trenches, and that the number of exceptions are reduced to he minimum.

II. It is ordered that an issue of quinine in the whisky will be made daily. Division commanders will give such orders to the surgeons in chief of their respective commands as will at once cause the necessary quantity of quinine to be issued. The surgeons in chief of brigades must see that the quinine and whisky is properly mixed for issue, and the brigade commanders will be held responsible that the same is properly issued. Division commanders will direct a staff officer to ascertain by personal inspection that this is done and every dereliction will be at once reported.

III. Every precaution will be taken to prevent sickness, protect the men from the fire of the enemy, and to otherwise reduce the loss of effective strength. When in reserve detail should be made to build proper shade for the reserve camps. Regular inspections of the wells and springs from which the men obtain their water should be made to see that they are kept in a proper state of cleanliness, and that sentinels are placed over them to prevent their being injured or defiled.

IV. Division commanders will ascertain, and forward a report to these headquarters, if the medical force of their respective commands is sufficient and efficient. Great care and attention to this matter is necessary on account of the increasing sickness throughout the command.

V. This order must be read to each regiment of this corps when in reserve.

By command of Major General E. O. C. Ord:

WILLIAM RUSSELL, JR.,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

FORT POWHATAN, August 6, 1864.

General B. R. BUTLER:

I think there is a considerable force of rebels between here and Swan Point, led by Roger A. Pryor. Two of colored cavalry repairing telegraph line were killed last night and one missing. The line, however, is in working order.

B. S. INNIS,

Colonel 133rd Ohio National Guard Regiment, Commanding Post.

FORT POWHATAN, August 6, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER,

Commanding Department of North Carolina and Virginia:

GENERAL: negroes say they saw at least 100 men. Their horses were hitched in the woods, and the men were formed along the road in a ditch or rifle-pits. One free negro said they captured him; took him

