HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,September 6, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that nothing unusual occurred in my front during yesterday or last night. Details numbering 1,600 men were at work yesterday on the defenses on this line.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 6, 1864-12 m.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

A deserter from Hoke's division reports that troops from Early passed toward our left yesterday and last night. This information is corroborated by statements from deserters from other divisions. The commanding general desires that you have a vigilant lookout kept up in your direction and that every effort be made to complete the rear line of intrenchment.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH CORPS,September 6, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

I have received your communication in relation to holding the rear lies. I will do whatever I can in the event of the enemy coming in that direction. I suppose if I should be heavily attacked all around my present position some one else would have to look out beyond the Gurley house as the enemy could not everywhere at once. I think the rear line east of the Gurley house very badly located, requiring the maximum of infantry and giving but little chance for artillery. It may do for a sudden emergency, but as far as I have seen it I think it should be remodeled. The location of these defenses for a continuous line of battle is a simple affair, but to be held by small force points should be most carefully chosen. If there is artillery to spare I would like to have the three batteries I applied for a few days ago to replace those gone out of service. I am willing to try with what I have. On the whole, if Early does not come back, I think an attack on us extremely improbable, and do not think it likely even if he does. General Lee will more probable await our advance on the Danville road, which it is generally believed we will make. My line is made continuous now to the Gurley house.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,September 6, 1864.

General S. WILLIAMS:

GENERAL: I wish to withdraw from your files my dispatch that General Griffin and General Ayres should command the two divisions proposed.

