
I am writing a full report on the subject of reorganization to General Meade. The change practically could not yet go into effect from our urgent field duties and the necessity for completing our last month's reports under the old organization.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,September 6, 1864.

Lieutenant-Colonel LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report the firing to have arisen from a party of rebels-variously estimated by my party at the house, all of whom made their escape, at 200, by others at twenty to thirty-firing a volley, yelling, and then running to the Davis house. My picket commander deployed the reserve, advanced to the house, and found nothing there.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. AYRES,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,September 6, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report all quiet on my front during the last twenty-four hours, save a few shots exchanged with the enemy's vedettes in front of Second Division. The pits reported abandoned in yesterday's report were occupied last night by the enemy, supposed to be cavalry vedettes.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 6, 1864-12 m.

Brigadier-General WILLCOX,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

The commanding general desires to know what progress has been made in the construction of that part of the rear line of defense assigned to your corps, and when it will probably be completed. The reports from deserters from Hoke's and other divisions concur in staging that Early's and other troops passed to our left yesterday and last night. The commanding general desires that every preparation possible be made in your command for transfer to the rear line in the contingency indicated in previous communications, and that strict vigilance be enjoined on the troops.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

