HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,September 6, 1864-9.10 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

From General Hancock's right, across the plank road to the Williams house, there is a gap of some 400 yards, concerning which I have received the following dispatch in answer to my inquiries:
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,September 6, 1864.

General O. B. WILLCOX,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

My troops have been worked so I have no parties out to--night, except some hundred men slashing timber along the plank road and to the left. I understood that the line at the Williams house was nearly completed, and proposed to work my men in the morning on that part of the line for which I am specially responsible. I have only about 5,500 men for duty not on the front line in Mott's division, and they have worked so well and so constantly, all of them being on fatigue last night, that I must give them rest. If you are not able to complete the line to the plank road I will give you what assistance I can to-morrow and complete my own line.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

My men are equally worn out with labor night and day, but I can put a brigade on this gap to-morrow morning if that will answer. Please reply to-night so that I can make my arrangements. I have received no reply to may dispatch in regard to the disposition of the colored troops.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 6, 1864-9.45 p. m.

Brigadier-General WILLCOX,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

The brigade to morrow for the vacant part near the plank road will answer very well. No arrangement is yet made respecting the occupation of the Gurley house bay a division from Warren. The conclusion upon the subject will be made to-morrow. You cannot move Ferrero until that is decided.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,September 6, 1864.

Major General W. S HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

Your dispatch received.* If you can complete the work on the plank road and the redoubt between that and the Williams house it is all I ask. I will start a brigade to the Williams house from here ad daylight with orders to work on redoubt at Williams' house and line connecting redoubts. Can you oblige me by having your chief of artillery or other officer on the ground to indicate the plank of the work you have

---------------

*See Willcox to Humphreys, 9.10 p. m., second, ante.

---------------

