
laid out. I am aware of your own necessities, but part of my command is working to-night on the lien which will be occupied by Warren, otherwise I should not trouble you. Please answer.

O. B. WILLCOX,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,September 6, 1864.

General WILLCOX:

The works you refer to were laid out by the engineers who are at the Williams house. General Miles worked on the line to-day, and I will have one of his staff on the line to show you to-morrow morning. I have only two of my own staff familiar with it, and they will be on the Norfolk road in the morning. I will see early to-morrow morning what troops I will have available for work not absolutely necessary on my line. I think you will find most of the work done, as I have had two brigades there since last evening.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,September 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General POTTER,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say to you that you will please hold your reserve brigade in readiness to move to the Williams house at an early hour in the morning, to assist in the completion of the works at that point. Humphrey's brigade will move at daylight to that point. Yours may be necessary in addition. Your brigade will make the necessary arrangements for tools. Please send a staff officer to confer with Colonel Humphreys, who will be on the ground about 5.30.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. V. RICHARDS,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,September 6, 1864.

Brigadier-General HARTRANFT,

Commanding Third Division:

GENERAL: The commanding general directs that you send Humphrey's brigade at daylight to-morrow to complete the redoubts and line between the Williams house and plank road. Work from the Williams house until you connect which working parties of the Second Corps. General Hancock has promised to render all the aid he can toward the completion of these works in the morning. Tools can be had upon application to staff officers at these headquarters; also wagons.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

