
into their lines; showed him their men, and told him they had 80 or 100 men. This was last evening about sunset. This morning I cannot find or hear of them. If I can find out anything certain about them I will telegraph you. Several citizens have recently come in voluntarily and asked to be allowed to take the oath of allegiance to the Government of the United State. Shall I have it Administered to all that ask it if I believe them to be acting in good faith?

I am, very respectfully, general, your most obedient servant,

G. S. INNIS,

Colonel, Commanding Post.

AUGUST 6, 1864.

Colonel SANDERS:

I have assigned you to duty in Norfolk as provost-marshal because I have confidence in your judgment, integrity, and personal habits to correct abuses which exist there. The great vices of the officers are whoring and drinking, neither of which can be interfered with, of course, unless they interfere with duties or are open and public. Officers seem riding in the streets with notorious women will be arrested at once whatever may be their rank. Drunkenness in public will be at once arrested, no matter what are the staggering insignia of officer. I will support and sustain you, rest assured. I doubt not you have a kind heart, but in dealing with offenders it is the worst quality a man can have. Another matter which is suffered to go unchecked is brawling and talking in public places against the Government and its officers. That is not permissible in a garrison. There is hardly a person who has a permit to sell liquor who does not violate it. Get the general order and make the retailers live up to it, specially innholder and restaurants.

Yours, truly,

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

BATCHELDER'S CREEK, N. C., August 6, 1864.

Colonel SAVAGE,

Camp Palmer:

The troops on outpost from Red house to noise road are: Red house, 36 men, 2 officers; Reserve, Noise road, 94 men, 3 officers; Beech Grove, 69 men, 2 officers; Camp One hundred and thirty-second New York, 426 men, 23 officers; Troops B and D, Twelfth New York Cavalry, mounted men, 41 men, 4 officers. The above is the aggregate, except Troops B and D. Men of the Ninety-ninth New York are leaving daily to be mustered out.

G. H. HITCHCOCK,

Lieutenant-Colonel 132nd New York.

AUGUST 6, 1864-9 a. m.

Major B. F. FISHER:

All quiet. no movement. Large parties of enemy engaged on works in woods in rear of Chimneys. Wagons hauling trees to front line of works.

WARTS,

Lieutenant.

