HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Petersburg, Va., September 6, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that during the past twenty four hours there have been no changes in the position of the troops of my command or, as far as can be seen, in those of the enemy. Owing to the unfavorable weather last night but little work was done on my front except in drawing and in filling and placing sand-bags in position for loop-holes. Four hundred men were at work on a new work in progress on my right.

Respectfully, yours,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS DISTRICT OF NORTH CAROLINA,New Berne, N. C., September 6, 1864.

Colonel THOMAS J. C. AMORY,

Commanding Sub-District of Beaufort:

COLONEL: Some information, which think it improper to neglect, has come to the effect that an attempt is to be made by the rebels to blow up the railroad and capture a train, also to place some torpedoes at Cedar Point to blow up some of the vessels. You must keep a good lookout for the railroad and the approaches to it from both sides as far as Havelock, and until further orders a guard of at least one company will accompany each train. The hours for running the trains will probably be changed, the down trains leaving in the morning. These guards will in that event be furnished from here. Lieutenant Ward, with about 100 men, is with the little steamer Arrow in Slocomb's Creek watching the river in that vicinity. He has a Wiard gun with him on the steamer. You must make the best use you can of Graham's cavalry, and, with vigilance, I think we can perhaps capture any party that may come down with evil intent.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

I. N. PALMER,

Brigadier-General.

Numbers 111 REMSEN STREET, BROOKLYN, N. Y.,

September 6, 1864.

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Chief of Staff, U. S. Army:

GENERAL: I have the honor to transmit herewith a project for closing Cape Fear River. It involves a co-operation between land and naval forces. i have to request that it be placed before the Secretary of War for his perusal and then sent to the General-in-Chief.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

Q. A. GILLMORE,

Major-General.

