
which the Williams house is situated. he directs, also, that you construct a strong abatis in front of the line thus to be occupied by you, at a distance of seventy yards from the works.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FOURTH DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., September 7, 1864.

COMMANDING OFFICER, FIRST BRIGADE:

SIR: Your will move your brigade at 7 o'clock to-morrow morning to a position with its right resting at and including the redoubt half way between the Williams house, with left extending to and including the first redoubt on the plain on which the Williams house is situated. You will proportion your men to the length of the line, leaving room on the left for the regiment that is to report to Colonel Humphrey to-morrow morning, which will report as ordered. You will construct a strong abatis in front of the line thus to be occupied by you at a distance of seventy yards from the works. You will draw in your pickets when you move.

By order of Brigadier-General Ferrero:

GEO. A. HICKS,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,September 7, 1864-8.30 a. m.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report all quiet during the night. A scouting party sent from Lee's Mill to the plank road found nothing of the enemy. An old contraband came to my lines this morning, having come from Sussex yesterday, traveling along the plank road. He saw no troops, save an occasional mounted vedette.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. MCM. GREGG,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Second Division.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 7, 1864.

Brigadier-General GREGG,

Commanding Cavalry:

Please inform General Willcox, commanding Ninth Corps, as well as Generals Hancock and Warren, of everything important that is observed or occurs in the cavalry front. Please direct the cavalry officers on picket to inform the commanding officers of the nearest infantry force in their rear of the appearance of the enemy, so that the delay of receiving the information through you will not occur. This is not intended, however, to dispense with your sending the information also when it reaches you.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

