HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,September 7, 1864.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Army Corps:

I have withdrawn my main line to second line. Hold advance line with skirmishers. Will you not order proper connection between your right and my left? I have ordered General Terry, my left division, to co-operate with your division commander on your right in effecting it.

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, September 7, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: Yesterday I received orders from the major-general commanding to place without delay a good regiment in Redoubt Numbers 3. I selected the Sixth Connecticut Regiment, and directed its commanding officer to move its camp into and in rear of the work. On examination I found the work in its present condition incapable of defense. Three of its sides have parapets of seven feet at least above the terre-plain, and there is no banquette; the superior slopes of the parapet are nearly horizontal, so as to render it impossible to fire on an approaching enemy. The fourth side of the work, the gorge, is as yet only the reverse of the old rifle-pits; in second line it is not more than two feet above the terre-plein. No platforms are yet laid for the guns, and only a potion of the embrasures are cut. The artillery officer on fury there reports that at present he can use none of his guns. The commanding officer of the Sixth Connecticut Volunteers has orders to employ his men in completing the work, and the regiment has been relieved from all other duty. The new line to the right of Sanger's battery is well forward; it will be completed, I think, within thirty-six hours; reliefs are working on it day and night. I still have one regiment in the advanced line, its left connecting with the right of the Second Corps. I respectfully suggest that it should be withdrawn to the main line and the connection maintained with the Second Corps by crossing the railroad where my left now rests. No other movement of troops than the one spoken of above has been made during the past twenty-four hours. One deserter came in yesterday. No casualties are reported.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant.

ALFRED H. TERRY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,September 7, 1864.

Respectfully returned.

Redoubt Numbers 3 must be completed with the least possible delay. General Terry will employ the regiment mentioned within upon it, withdraw the regiment now in advanced line, and maintain a proper connection with the right of the Second Corps.

By command of Major-General Birney:

CHAS. H. GRAVES,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

