
that they were expected to be here soon. Perry's brigade, attached to Finegan's, numbers about 250 men for duty. One of the deserters examined this morning is a son of Lieutenant-Colonel Shuttleworth, of the U. S. Marine Corps, now stationed at Pensacola Navy-Yard. He has been in the rebel army three years, is a very intelligent youth, but left the Confederate service because he considers their cause hopeless.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. MCENTEE,

Captain, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 8, 1864.

Colonel SHARPE,

City Point, Va.:

I can get nothing confirmatory of rumors that Kershaw has returned. I can hear directly from Petersburg through deserters nearly every day, and I have found but one man who had see Kershaw, while several other men say that on Sunday last Fry's and Bratton's brigades passed through the city and took position on enemy's right. I think that move gave rise to the rumor.

J. MCENTEE,

Captain, &c.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT,September 8, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: My lookouts report no movements upon the part of the enemy to-day excepting the minor one this morning.

Plank road station reports:

The enemy are enlarging works near the lead-works and apparently are extending their lines farther to their extreme left. They have also commenced several new works of a light character at different points in our front. Two trains of nine and ten wagons went to our left beyond the Weldon railroad at 10 a. m. Camps unchanged.

The enemy are also strengthening their works upon the left bank of the Appomattox in the vicinity of Fort Clifton.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 8, 1864.

General S. WILLIAMS:

Yesterday the Second Division was engaged in extending the line from the Norfolk road to the Blackwater and in slashing. The First Division was engaged principally in slashing; to-day they are continuing the work. A detail of 400 men are at work rebuilding the dam at the mill-pond. One brigade of the Second Division, which holds the left of my line, has been ordered to camp at the Deserted House, where

