
SIGNAL STATION, PLANK ROAD,

August 6, 1864-7 p. m.

Captain CASTLE:

No columns of troops observed moving to-day. More than the usual amount of wagons passed and repassed on line of Weldon railroad during the day. Operations on enemy's works continue at different points on the line.

H. W. FULTON,

Sergeant.

STATION NEAR GIBBON'S HOUSE,

August 6, 1864-7 p. m.

Major B. F. FISHER,

Chief Signal Officer:

The enemy have been busy most of the day strengthening works south-southeast of Petersburg, same as reported last evening. A heavy fatigue party busy all day carrying light timbers through a cut about twenty rods to right of above works and disappearing in woods a short distance left of white house. No movements of account visible in enemy's line from this point. Some dust seen during afternoon south and west of city. Camps and wagon parks same as yesterday.

A. C. JORDAN,

Sergeant.

PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

August 6, 1864-7 p. m.

Major B. F. FISHER:

Two trains of eight wagons each moved to our left this a. m. About same number of wagons toward Petersburg at 6 p. m. No change in camps. Quite and amount of logs and rails carried in the unformed work northwest of station.

H. W. FULTON,

Sergeant.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 7, 1864-1 p. m. (Received 9 p. m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Washington:

The following is forwarded for what it is worth:
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT,

August 7, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

Three citizen refugees were forwarded to these headquarters this morning, who left Petersburg last evening at 6 o'clock. One of them was a miller, another a railroad employe, and the third a grocer-all citizens of the town. They left the city on a hand-car, going down the railroad as far as Reams' Station, where they were piloted into our lines by a negro. We think they are all right. They give but little information. They state that the Danville road has been in operation about two weeks, but that very little freight is received on it. On the Weldon road they have lately been bringing up large supplies of corn and bacon. They believe all three corps of the enemy to be her. What portion of them is on the north side of the Appomattox they are unable to say. They are not informed that any force has been sent away from here either to Early or to Georgia. Petersburg is nearly deserted,

