
During the past twenty-four hours the enemy have been pushing a trench toward our line from the Crater. Do not understand its object. Will try and develop it to-day. A deserter of the usual intelligence reports that Beauregard left for Georgia night before last in great haste.

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, September 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS:

Deserter just in says that the trench referred to by me in 9 o'clock report is a covered way to their picket-line. He says the ration of corn meal was reduced yesterday three-quarters of a pound; he says that a part of Bushrod Johnson's command, to which he belongs, was under orders to march at 3 o'clock this morning; this last I doubted from his want of particular specific information.

D. B. BIRNEY,Major-General.

HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS, Before Petersburg, Va., September 8, 1864.

Captain ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to forward the following report of events occurring during the past twenty-four hours within this command: In consequence of Colonel Pond's illness I assumed command of the brigade yesterday at 11 a. m. I find the general condition of the command good. The police of the camps and trenches is being improved very much and is now in a good state of progression. In pursuance very much and is now in a good state of progression. In pursuance with instructions from division headquarters, the Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers has been relieved from all duties except those connected with the position assigned them. Besides the occupation of the fourteen-gun battery by the Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, the balance of the command will be disposed of as follows: One hundred men to the left of the fourteen-gun battery, 140 between the fourteen-gun battery and Follett's battery, 85 men to the right of Follett's, and 50 men on picket, making 375 men to be furnished from three regiments. In consequence of the heavy details it will be impossible to furnish two reliefs for the trenches. I have therefore determined to dispose of the command so as to be on duty two days and off one. The officer of the trenches reports that the enemy are working away at the old Crater and are running a sap from that point toward our works, which is already past their chevaux-de-frise. But very little firing is done in my front during the day. No casualties have occurred during the past twenty-four hours.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. VORIS,

Colonel Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

