
PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION, September 9, 1864-6.30 p. m.

Major FISHER:

Enemy are digging rifle-pits in rear of their picket-line in vicinity of Gregory's. The usual activity visible on works at different points.

H. W. FULTON,

Sergeant.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 9, 1864-1 p. m.

Brigadier-General HUNT,Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have to request that the batteries now occupying Fort Hell and the position on its immediate right be withdrawn and replaced by batteries of this corps to-morrow morning, in order that the batteries there may be under one command. The enemy have been permitted to work lately in a manner which should not have been allowed. A powerful fort has been erected by the enemy since the withdrawal of the New Hampshire battery from Fort Hell, which formerly kept down the enemy's working parties. I have to request that to-night Captain Edgell should take charge of all the batteries from the plank road to 1,000 yards to the right, to include Fort Warren, as I am intending to perform a delicate operation and wish the batteries to be under his charge for the time being, in order that General Mott, in command of the line, can control them. I wish that the matter should be kept as secret as possible, and therefore wish to have the matter entirely under General Mott's control.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding Second Corps.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 9, 1864-3 p. m.

General HANCOCK:

Captain Harn, commanding the batteries between the plank road and railroad, is ordered to report to you. You have already been informed, through your chief of artillery, that all the batteries on your front were at your disposal for any service connected with the operation of your troops. It is now forty-eight hours since I visited Fort Hell. I have not yet seen the powerful work you refer to as being erected in that time.

HENRY J. HUNT,Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 9, 1864-4.05 p. m.

Brigadier General H. J. HUNT,

Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac:

I am not aware that I have been informed by my chief of artillery that all the batteries in my front were at my disposal, nor do I consider that such is the proper way of informing me of the fact, and as you have not complied with my wishes on the subject referred to this morning I

