
but very few residents remain, and they are all in the upper part of the town. Many of the inhabitants are living in tents in the woods above the city. The shelling has done considerable damage. They understood the divisions of cavalry under Fitzhugh Lee, and W. H. F. Lee were both on the right of Lee's army, extending as far as Reams' Station. Saw quite a large force of cavalry on this side Reams' Station, about half a mile from the station.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. C. BABCOCK.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, VA., August 7, 1864-noon.

(Received 9 p. m.)

Major-General MEIGS,

Quartermaster-General:

About half of Wilson's division, 1,800 horses and men, has been embarked, and 130 wagons. Some few ambulances were shipped before the receipt of your dispatch of 2 p. m. yesterday. No more until required. I sent lists of transports, with statement of capacity for carrying troops, by mail this morning for your information. It shows enough for a corps of 25,000 men, with twelve batteries of artillery. I am just informed by the Bureau of Information that "no rebel troops have left our front recently." I know the enemy keeps vigilant watch on our transports as they pass up and down the river. He has lookout stations for the purpose. he has opened on them which artillery frequently from Wilcox's Landing. Will you please have a light-boat placed at Kettle Bottom Shoals? I applied for this some time ago to General Grant, and asked also that the Navy be requested to have the buoys in the Potomac and James Rivers replaced where necessary.

RUFUS INGALLS.

OFFICE BUREAU OF INFORMATION,

In the Field, August 7, 1864-6.50 p. m.

Colonel SHARPE,

Deputy Provost-Marshal-General, General Meade's Hdqrs.:

A deserter reports Kershaw's division to be directly in our front here, in the rear of Pickett's division, ready to re-enforce either across the James or the Appomattox. This is positive, as he, as well as others, talked with and saw men from the division. Do you desire me to send you the deserters, as well as their information, or is their information sufficient?

JOHN I. DAVENPORT,

Lieutenant, Aide-de-Camp, and Assistant Provost-Marshal.

AUGUST 7, 1864-5 p. m.

Captain FISHER:

All quiet in enemy's works this day. A heavy column of dust arose above woods to west of this station. It continued two hours and a half, but the cause of it could not be seen from this station.

I. S. LYON,

Lieutenant and Signal Officer.

