
shall hereafter apply to different sources. I did not suppose that any of the batteries would refuse to obey my orders if I directed them to fire or not to fire, but out of courtesy to you I addressed the telegram to you of this morning. If you have not lately seen the powerful work on my left which I referred to this morning you can readily see it by visiting the lines.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 9, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

I sent a telegram to General Hunt this morning, requesting that my chief of artillery, Captain Edgell, might be placed in charge of all the batteries on my line from Fort Warren to the plank road in connection with my operations to-night only. Also that he would substitute my own batteries for those recently put in Fort Hell, as since mine were withdrawn, the enemy have been allowed to work without molestation on a powerful work to my left, which work was previously much retarded. General Hunt did not comply with either of my requests, but returned an equivocal answer. I find that a Captain Harn has been put in charge of a part of the batteries on my line, while my chief of artillery has charge of others. I do not wish to apply to General Hunt any further, but refer the matter to you for decision. I desired as few heads as possible for my operations to-night. At 1 o'clock in the morning I propose to try and remove the enemy's picket-line in my front, which has been strengthened during the last two days by new rows of pits.

I send you a copy of the dispatch I sent General Hunt, and his reply, to which I respectfully invite your attention.*

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 9, 1864. (Sent 6.30 p. m.)

Major-General HANCOCK,Commanding Second Corps:

I saw General Hunt before receiving your telegram, and understood from him that he had ordered Captain Harn to report to you, not only that he might be under the orders of your chief of artillery, but that you might also make any changes that you desire in the batteries, placing in position such as you preferred of your own artillery and withdrawing those not belonging to your own corps, not only for to night but as the permanent arrangement. Please have such as you withdraw and do not need in reserve for your corps ordered to report to General Hunt for reserve for the general line.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

---------------

*See 1 p. m. and 3 p. m., p. 759.

---------------

