HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 9, 1864. (Received 7 p.m.)

General HUMPHREYS:

Captain Harn did report to me, but not under the conditions mentioned in your dispatch, and I gave him no orders until I could hear from you. Your dispatch arranges the matter satisfactorily, as would a similar one from General Hunt in answer to mine first sent him.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,Major-General.

SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 1ST Brigadier, 3rd DIV., 2nd CORPS,

Numbers 77. September 9, 1864.

1. Lieutenant-Colonel Meikel, commanding Twentieth Indiana Veteran Volunteers, will take his regiment and the Second U. S. Sharpshooters in front of that part of your line which extends on the left of the new redoubt built on the Jerusalem plank road. The movement will be executed at 12 o'clock to-night most quickly, and so as to remain unnoticed by the enemy's pickets. At 1 a. m. Colonel Meikel will carry the enemy's rifle-pits from a point marked by a single tree on the left to the Jerusalem road, including the point known as the Chimneys, where he will be supported by some companies of the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, under Colonel Biles' command. From the point of attack marked by the little tree alluded to he will establish on the left a new straight line of rifle-pits, connecting with the present one at the next projecting point of woods. He will occupy and defend his new line, if attacked, until after sunrise, when the two regiments under his command will be relieved by the advance of the present line of the Third Brigade. It is deemed preferable to carry the point at a rush, with fixed bayonets, and without any firing if possible.

2. Colonel E. R. Biles, commanding the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, will take his regiment in front of that part of our line which extends from Fort Hell to a point on the right opposite to a single tree, where a new line of pickets will be advanced during the evening. The movement will be executed at 12 o'clock to-night most quietly, and so as to remain unnoticed by the enemy's pickets. At 1 a. m. Colonel Biles will establish thoroughly a new picket-line from the single tree already alluded to up to the point known as the Chimneys, keeping two or three companies to rush to that point if necessary and carry it in connection with Colonel Meikel, Twentieth Indiana Veteran Volunteers, who will carry that part of the enemy's rifle-pits from the left. He will occupy and defend his new line, if attacked, until after sunrise, when his regiment will be relieved by the advance of our present line. It is deemed preferable to carry the point at a rush, with fixed bayonets, and without any firing if possible.

By command of Brigadier General R. de Trobriand:

JAS. M. LINNARD,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SECOND CORPS,

September 9, 1864.

The regimental commanders will put the whole of their commands under arms and in the breast-works at 12 o'clock to-night, and will keep them so until after sunrise ready for any emergency. They will take

