
those at work are under cover. A deserter who came into our lines last night says that the work done by the enemy in front of the Crater between the lines is done with a view of extending their picket-line.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. VORIS,

Colonel Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers, Commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Deep Bottom, Va., September 9, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel G. A. KENSEL,General Butler's Headquarters, Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: On the rebel left of main road to Richmond is Gary's cavalry brigade; don't know its division. It is Seventh South Carolina Cavalry, Twenty-fourth Virginia Cavalry, and Hampton Legion; don't know its numbers. To the rebel right comes Gregg's brigade, Field's division, commanded by Colonel Bass. It is composed of the First, Fourth, and Fifth Texas and Third Arkansas. I think they will average 150 each regiment. There was also a week ago General Benning's brigade, Second, Fifteenth, Seventeenth, and Twentieth Georgia-know nothing of their strength-opposite Grover's house; also Twenty-fifth Virginia City Battalion near same point, and I think the Ninth Virginia; don't know their strength. The Twenty-fifth is comparatively quite strong. When I came I was informed that Generals Bratton's and Law's brigades, of Field's division, were here. A deserter reported Law's brigade to have left. I have heard nothing about Bratton's since I have been here. A deserter, August 27, said Bushrod Johnson's old brigade joined the picket-line of Benning's brigade at Aiken's gate. I have had only one squad of deserters for a week. They belonged to Gregg's brigade, and also knew of the cavalry. Gregg commands the front.

I am, colonel, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. J. PAINE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

HDQRS. THIRD DIVISION, EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS, Deep Bottom, Va., September 9, 1864.

Major READ,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

MAJOR: In reference to your telegram of September 6, directing me to ascertain and report concerning the roads in this vicinity, I have to state that there is but one principal road leading from this post about north toward the enemy's lines. This is the Bottom road. Is good so far as the enemy's pickets. It is supposed to continue good and to run in nearly the same direction as far as the main road to Richmond. Two paths or farm-house roads join it on our left and outside our lines, both, however, communicating into our lines. Below Four-Mile Creek the main road from Richmond is in sight from our lines beyond the enemy's pickets. It comes down over a high hill, on which are works and a camp, apparently crosses the head of Four-Mile Creek, and passes down along the edge of the timber beyond the open plain. I beg further to state that I have little means of learning the roads beyond my lines unless I drive away the enemy's pickets. The troops here

