
under General Foster occupied at one time and know the country roads in front of this point, as also Second Corps, &amp;c., below Four-Mile Creek. Doubtless from them extensive and accurate information on this subject could be had.

I am, major, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. J. PAINE,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, September 9, 1864-1.30 p. m.

Captain H. C. WEIR,Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Division:

CAPTAIN: The reports from the picket-lines this morning show everything quiet along the entire line.

Very respectfully,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. KAUTZ'S CAVALRY DIVISION,

Numbers 8. In the Field, September 9, 1864.

I. The camp of dismounted men and convalescents will be moved from Jones' Neck to the Jordan Point and Petersburg road, near the quartermaster's and commissary depot. The commanding officer of the camp will concentrate the command into one camp. The men of each regiment will be organized into temporary companies of not more than 100 men to each company, and an officer detailed to take charge of each company from the regiment to which the men belong.

II. A general hospital will be established for the entire division, in the vicinity of the camp, under the general supervision of the medical director, who will direct the necessary medical attendance, by proportionate details from the regiment.

III. The camp will be organized and guarded according to regulations; strict discipline will be maintained. The prescribed roll-calls, at least two drills daily, and an efficient camp guard will be kept up.

IV. Picket-lines will be established in each company and a proportionate number of horses assigned to each to be cared for. Stable duty will be rigidly enforced.

V. As men and horses become fit for duty they will be returned to their regiments. The men will not be permitted to join or visit the dismounted camp without permission from their company or regimental commander.

VI. When necessary, horses, arms, and accouterments will be transferred from one man to another, and from one company to another, in the same regiment, in order that all the available men and horses may be for duty with the regiments.

VII. An officer will be detailed by the commanding officer of the camp to do the duty of quartermaster and commissary. An acting adjutant will also be detailed by him, and semi-weekly reports of the camp will be furnished these headquarters.

VIII. It will be the duty of the commanding officer so to govern and regulate his command as not to afford a refuge for malingerers and

