
shirks whilst the faithful men are doing their duty as the front. The general commanding the division will afford every facility and authority for the efficient execution of this order, and will hold the commanding officer responsible.

By command of Brigadier General A. V. Kautz:

M. J. ASCH,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

SPECIAL EXECUTIVE ORDER RETURNING THANKS TO THE OHIO VOLUNTEERS FOR 100 DAYS.

EXECUTIVE MANSION, Washington City, September 10, 1864.

The term of 100 days for which, the National Guard of Ohio volunteered having expired, the President directs an official acknowledgment to be made of their patriotic and valuable services during the recent campaigns. The term of service of their enlistment was short, but distinguished by memorable events. In the Valley of the Shenandoah, on the Peninsula, in the operations on the James River, around Petersburg and Richmond, in the battle of Monocacy, and in the intrenchments of Washington, and in other important service, the National Guard of Ohio performed with alacrity the duty of patriotic volunteers, for which they are entitled to and are hereby tendered, through the Governor of their State, the national thanks.

The Secretary of War is directed to transmit a copy of this order to the Governor of Ohio, and to cause a certificate of their honorable service to be delivered to the officers and soldiers of the Ohio National Guard who recently served in the military force of the United States as volunteers for 100 days.

ABRAHAM LINCOLN.

WASHINGTON, September 10, 1864-12.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

City Point, Va.:

Had not the new infantry regiments now coming in better be sent to City Point? The facilities for desertion here and with General Sheridan are so great that we shall soon lose large numbers. Moreover, we have difficulty in getting officers enough to drill the new artillery regiments. Infantry regiments will not improve here without experienced officers to look after them.

H. W. HALLECK,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, VA., September 10, 1864-6.30 p. m. (Received 10.20 p.m.)

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

I would like very much to have all the new regiments sent here. They can be made good use of, and will improve more rapidly here than they possibly could about the cities.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

