
CITY POINT, September 10, 1864-6.30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

The following information is just received from a deserter, who left Richmond on Monday, but came into our lines to-day. Please communicate it to the Navy Department. He says that Captain Wood, of the Tallahassee, had been on to Richmond; that on last Monday 200 sailors from the receiving ship lying near Drewry's Bluff were sent to Wilmington under the command of Lieutenant Murdaugh to man a new vessel of war that was soon to run out to sea. He adds a piece of army news that all boys over sixteen years of age and old men under fifty-five had been ordered into Richmond.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., September 10, 1864.

Honorable G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary of the Navy:

Your letter of the 9th instant, inclosing copy of instructions to Admiral Farragut, was received by last night's mail.* I have no suggestions to make different from what those instructions contain. As soon as the land forces can be spared and the navy is ready to co-operate, I will send an expedition of sufficient force quietly down the coast, not even allowing the command, with the exception of the commanding officer, to know where they are going. The details for landing a force can be best arranged by Admiral Farragut and the commander of the land forces. So soon as all is arranged I will acquaint you with what is done on my part.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 10, 1864.

Honorable E. M. STANTON:

Referring to the conversation I had with you a few days ago in relation to the regulations respecting the term for which officers are to be held who have received new commissions since the date of their original entry into the service, I respectfully invite your attention to the Circular Numbers 61, copy herewith, issued from the War Department upon the subject; and also to Circular Numbers 73, received this day, modifying somewhat Circular Numbers 61. It is respectfully submitted that the regulation upon the subject, as modified, does not altogether meet the point I presented for your consideration, viz, should an officer who has served three years, and who claims his discharge on that ground, be held, even if there is a command for him, and he has received a new commission since his original entry into the service. In the absence of Circular Numbers 73 the muster out of supernumerary officers would at any rate have been ordered. I would respectfully add that in my judgment the interests of the service will be greatly promoted if a regulation be promulgated simply stating that officers, non-commissioned officers, and

---------------

*Fox's letter, with inclosure, not found; but for the instructions to Rear-Admiral Farragut, see Annual Report of the Secretary of the Navy, December 4, 1865, p. 1.

---------------

49 R R-VOL XLII, PT II

