
STATION NEAR GIBSON'S HOUSE,

August 7, 1864-5.30 p. m.

Major B. F. FISHER:

Signal Officer, Army of the Potomac:

nothing of unusual interest has been noticed from station to-day. Scattering column of infantry, probably 100 strong, marching to the left; was noticed at a point west-by-north of station on a road through a corn-field. Work has been suspended on the rebel works during the day. Apparent cessation of hostilities on the center of the Eighteenth Corps line. Both pickets were on their works apparently engaged in conversation, but went in their works at 4.15.

B. W. MARCY.

STATION NEAR GIBBON'S HOUSE,

August 7, 1864-6 p. m.

Major B. F. FISHER,

Chief Signal Officer:

Nothing of importance notice in front of this station to-day. A cessation of hostilities in front of center of Eighteenth Corps between 3 and 4 this p. m., pickets of both sides appearing openly on their works. Artillery in front of right of Ninth Corps engaged between hours of 3.30 and 4.30 p. m.

A. C. JORDAN,

Sergeant.

PLANK ROAD SIGNAL STATION,

August 7, 1864-7 p. m.

Captain CASTLE:

A new work commenced in rear of second line of works and directly in rear of Gregory's house from station. Few shots exchanged from battery on our front and battery on right of plank road. Unusually quiet along enemy's lines. No visible change in camps.

H. W. FULTON,

Sergeant.
HDQRS. ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, SIGNAL DEPARTMENT,August 7, 1864-7.20 p. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that one of my lookouts saw this evening dust rising from a road to the right of the lead-works and leading into Petersburg. The dust extended about the distance of half a mile along the road. At one point he was able to see the column for a few minutes and to distinguish that it was infantry. It passed through the city and apparently halted upon reaching the left bank of the Appomattox. He supposed it to have been a brigade of about 2,000 men. An officer on another station saw the same bank of dust, and states that it seemed to be rising from the road for over two hours, but the above account is the clearest I have had. No vending report yet from the plank road station, which may throw more light upon it.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer.

