HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 10, 1864.

Captain W. P. WILSON,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: In obedience to instructions previously received, all the batteries of this corps bearing upon the enemy, and also the line of batteries from Fort Hell to the Norfolk railroad, under the command of Captain Harn, were got under arms at 1 o'clock this morning to support a movement of General Mott's division against the enemy's picket-line. The movement was I believe successfully made. The enemy fired but few musket shots on the advance of our line, but soon after opened with artillery from their main work in front of Fort Hell, directing their fire principally down the plank road. Only an occasional shot from a rifle battery to the right of Fort Hell was sent in reply to this, but later upon the enemy's feeling our line with infantry the other batteries on the line were opened, and up to this time skirmishing has been kept up and frequent exchanges by the artillery. No casualties to this command.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. M. EDGELL,

Captain, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 10, 1864-3.40 a. m.

Brigadier-General MILES,Commanding First Division, Second Corps:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding the corps directs me to say that you will please have your division under arms at daybreak. The troops will remain under arms until half an hour after daylight.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. G. MITCHELL,

Major and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 10, 1864.

Captain W. P. WILSON,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that Lieutenant-Colonel McGee, Sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, has this day reported for duty with his regiment. He is senior in rank to Lieutenant-Colonel Wilson, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, who is now commanding the Consolidated Brigade of this division under paragraph 4 of Special Orders, Numbers 218, current series, from headquarters Second Corps. As both these officers are well known to the major-general commanding, any recommendation from the division commander is unnecessary.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

NELSON A. MILES,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding Division.

