HDQRS. THIRTY-NINTH REGIMENT ILLINOIS VOLUNTEERS, Before Petersburg, Va., September 10, 1864.

Captain CHARLES NOBLE, Jr.,Aide-de-Camp:

SIR: In answer to your communication of the 9th instant, just received, I have the honor to furnish you the following information: The name of the soldier who captured a rebel color in our last move north of the James River is Henry M. Hardenbergh, private in Company G, Thirty-ninth Illinois Volunteers. He was shot through the head by a rebel sharpshooter on the 28th ultimo while on duty in the trenches, killing him almost instantly.

I have the honor to be, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

LEWIS T. WHIPPLE,

Captain, Commanding Regiment.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS, Before Petersburg, Va., September 10, 1864.

Captain ADRIAN TERRY,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report the following summary of events transpiring during the past twenty-four hours: Yesterday the enemy shelled our camps, batteries, and trenches pretty vigorously for some time. In obedience to instructions from corps headquarters, the troops of this command were turned our to cheer at 7 p. m. yesterday. Upon receipt of General Hancock's dispatch the men occupying the trenches were turned out and kept under arms. All the reserves were placed under arms at 3 o'clock this morning. A continual fire of musketry has been kept up all night with some artillery. Private Charles N. Root, Company D, Thirty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, died from effects of a wound made by a shell from one of our guns. No other casualties occurred. The enemy still continues to work at his defenses and trenches.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. O. PHILLIPS,

Captain, Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Vols., Actg. Asst. Adjt. General
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Petersburg, Va., September 10, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that there have been no changes in the disposition of the troops on my line during the past twenty-four hours. The usual details for policing have been on duty. On the fronts of the First and Third Brigades fatigue parties have been engaged in strengthening and improving the parapet and traverses. A fatigue party of 400 men is at work on the redoubt in progress on the right of my line.

Respectfully, yours,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

