
by draft. Illinois is much the same way. Not a regiment or even company there has been organized. A special call from you would aid the department in overcoming the local inertia and personal interests that favor delay.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 11, 1864-12.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have nothing of importance to report this morning. General Birney telegraphs that a deserter reports the enemy mining on his left (our right), and that troops are being moved in rear of the Crater. General Hancock reports that through a misconception of his orders by the commanding officer of the pickets the enemy was enabled last night to recapture a small portion of the line taken from him the night previous. Generals Parke and Warren report all quiet on their lines.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, September 11, 1864. (Received 1 p. m.)

Major-General MEADE:

The general commanding wishes to know whether you have received a report of the number of prisoners taken by General Hancock yesterday morning.

HORACE PORTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 11, 1864-1.05 p. m.

Lieutenant Colonel HORACE PORTER, Aide-de-Camp:

The provost-marshal-general reports receiving 85 prisoners of war from Second Corps. These were taken on the night of the 9th and morning of the 10th, when General Hancock advanced his picket-line. I find in my dispatch of this a. m. [12.30 p. m.], to the lieutenant-general commanding, I inadvertently committed an error. It was on the morning of the 10th, and not last night, that the enemy retook a portion of the captured line, the operation being effected soon after Hancock's advance-indeed, being almost a part of it.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., September 11, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

Has General Birney taken any steps to countermine against the enemy or to construct works in rear of where their mine is likely to terminate?

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

