HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 11, 1864-10 p. m.

Major-General BIRNEY:

The above refers to your dispatch this morning, giving the information from a deserter. Please send me the means of answering General Grant. I supposed the report was so vague that nothing could be done.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 11, 1864-10.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I send you a dispatch* from Birney, received on referring yours of 10 p. m. to him. We occupy now a second line the whole length of our line, so that no mine exploded can be of much consequence. There have been so many reports of mining by the enemy since our mine of July 30 that I have ceased to pay much attention to them unless they are accompanied by some very specific details. I will see that all the usual precautions are taken at the point on Birney's front last indicated.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL'S DEPARTMENT, September 11, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Two deserters from the Tenth Virginia Cavalry (Chambliss' old brigade), now Colonel J. Lucius Davis commanding, came into our lines last evening. They left their post yesterday about 11 a. m. Their regiment (Tenth Virginia Cavalry) is picketing from Reams' Station to Mrs. Temple's house, on the Baxter road, running from Stony Creek to Lee's Mill, and about eight miles from Stony Creek Station. The remainder of the brigade (the Ninth and Thirteenth Virginia Regiments) are camped on Cat-tail Run or Creek, some five or six miles west of Reams' Station. They moved there about a week ago from Tabernacle Church. Mrs. Temple's house is the extreme right of the cavalry picket-line, and the Tenth Regiment is the only cavalry on the east side of the Weldon railroad. At Reams' Station there are three companies of infantry, with a captain in command of the post. No other force at Reams' Station excepting the reserve of one cavalry picket-post. Rosser's brigade of cavalry is picketing from Reams' Station westward, and Hampton's old division completes the line connecting with the right of the enemy's infantry. All forage for the cavalry in this vicinity comes from Weldon, N. C., and is brought from Stony Creek Depot by wagons. A large portion of Lee's supplies come up the same way. Informant thinks it would take but a small raiding part to capture these trains. Enemy scouting considerably in vicinity

---------------

*See p. 791.

---------------

50 R R-VOL XLII, PT II

