
SEPTEMBER 11, 1864-6.30 p. m.

Major B. F. FISHER,

Chief Signal Officer:

Very quiet in enemy's lines to-day. Small fatigue parties in a. m. on works reported last night.

A. C. JORDAN.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 11, 1864.

General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

There has been no change in my lines since last report. General Mott made a better arrangement of his new picket-line on the right of the plank road during the night. Firing between sharpshooters goes on constantly at this point.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 11, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I wish to invite your attention to the following points in connection with my line:

1. I should like to know where the responsibility of the chief of artillery ends and mine begins with reference to the artillery on different points of the line of works. The question arises in several ways. For instance, it seems to me that in all the inclosed works there should be a quantity of reserve ammunition for the artillery, especially canister for the light 12s, where these pieces form part of the armament. I am not anxious to have any control, but if I have I should like to know just what it is. I think it is important to know.

2. I would suggest that a return be made from the left of the advanced work on the left of the plank road, so as to give the large square redoubt, known as Fort Crawford, a fire directly in front of the return. The present rifle-pit on the left of the fort to be leveled. A strong palisading, running from this return to the second line, would prevent the enemy from making a sudden dash on this flank and rolling up the line.

3. Now that the picket-line on the plank road is advanced there is an opportunity of putting a strong work on the crest, its natural position, either by running out a sap from the work now nearly completed or by putting up a sand-bag pit.

4. The palisading in front of the second line ought to be extended in front at Fort Hell and the work on the left of the plank road.

5. I would suggest that all the works for batteries on the rear line be constructed en barbette, the embrasures where already made to be destroyed.

6. The line from the Williams house to the plank road I think should be shortened. It seems to me that the present line will require nearly 2,000 men more than is necessary.

