HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, September 11, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that all was quiet in my front during yesterday and last night, nothing of importance transpiring. A deserter from Thirty-third North Carolina came in last night and is now on his way to army headquarters. One thousand men were at work on the defenses at this point and 400 men assisting in building the new wagon road.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 11, 1864-11.30 a. m.

Major General G. K. WARREN,Commanding Fifth Corps:

The plan proposed by you, under date of the 8th instant, for the reorganization of the Fifth Corps into three divisions, to be commanded respectively by Generals Griffin, Ayres, and Crawford, has been laid before the commanding general and is approved by him. Your plan embraces all that he desired with respect to the old First Corps, which was to include in one division the troops that composed that corps at the time of the consolidation of the corps in March last. The Pennsylvania Reserve regiments were at that time with the Fifth Corps, and the commanding general has no objection to the two regiments organized from the reserve regiments being retained in the Fifth Corps as proposed by you. You are desired to report the changes in the staff departments arising from the reorganization of your corps. When a sufficient number of recruits shall have been received to justify it the division to be made of the troops of the old First Corps can be organized into two divisions, and so with the divisions to be made up of the troops of the old Fifth Corps. The commanding general desires that you will carry the new arrangements into effect with as little delay as practicable.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, September 11, 1864-9.30 a. m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

I have the honor to report that nothing unusual transpired during the past twenty-four hours.

JNO. G. PARKE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, September 11, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

A deserter from the Thirty-fourth North Carolina, Scales' brigade, has just come in. Does not know anything of Early, nor of any movement of troops. Heard a rumor of General Grant's order.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

