HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,August 7, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Army Corps:

COLONEL: Two deserters came into my lines night-one, named Burton, belonged to Pegram's artillery battalion, Letcher's battery, the other to the Eighth Alabama. The former being an intelligent man I proceeded with him to the front, and have obtained the following information: Resting on the left of the plank road and about 400 yards from the enemy's lines is a battery of two 36-ponders concealed by cedars. Pits are being dug for three 62-ponders at the same spot. McIntosh's battalion of four companies is in the work opposite our work on Barlett's front. To the enemy's right of that work are four Napoleons, under Captain Dement, of Baltimore. Eight mortars have been placed in the crater produced by the explosion on the 30th instant. The enemy's infantry does not extend farther to our left than the barn near the new fort lately reported. Beyond that as far as the lead-works the lines are held by Pegram's battalion of artillery. The enemy has about twenty-one guns between the Gregory house and the lead-works. He has but one 3-inch rifled gun in the new work opposite and beyond our left. The lead-works are used as a commissary department and have large supplies. They are guarded by two regiments of Kirkland's brigade, of Heth's division, North Carolina troops. He states that the mine exploded by the enemy on Friday was generally considered to be a failure, but that there is another near that point and which is intended to destroy the battery that fires upon the city. He reports that the artillery of Hill's corps consists of five battalions, Colonel Walker, chief of artillery, commanding. These battalions are Pegram's, five companies, twenty-one guns; McIntosh's, four companies, number of guns not known; Johnson's five companies, number of guns not known; Garnett's four companies, Major Reilly commanding; ----, four companies, commander's name not remembered. The concealed battery of 32-ponders bears upon a train on the plain in front of your headquarters. This man states that the enemy can see our troops or batteries passing that point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

S. W. CRAWFORD,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,August 76, 1864. (Received 6.30 a. m.)

General HUMPHREYS:

Your dispatch in reference to Colonel Thomas received. It is the fact that Colonel Thomas was taken prisoner, and I had supposed that the information had gone to the headquarters Army of the Potomac. Upon investigation I find that the report stating the fact was delayed for more explicit information, which I directed my inspector-general to procure, and by some oversight this information has not bee forwarded, but will be early this morning. It was of no military importance, as Colonel Thomas was taken in blindfolded and sent out at night without any correspondence with us.

A. E. BURNSIDE,

Major-General.

