
I think that they would aim at the old line, which I hold now by a picket. I will examine the point to-morrow with the engineer officer and sink a listening gallery.

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General.
HDQRS. LIGHT ARTILLERY, Brigadier, TENTH ARMY CORPS, Before Petersburg, Va., September 11, 1864.

Captain CHARLES H. GRAVES,Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: There is nothing of importance to be reported during the last twenty-four hours. Ninety-two rounds were fired in reply to the enemy's fire and at his working parties. Two guns of Captain Clinton's battery were withdrawn from position at the Hare house to allow the engineers to change the line at that point.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. JACKSON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Assistant Inspector-General and Chief of Artillery.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS, Before Petersburg, Va., September 11, 1864.

Captain ADRIAN TERRY,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report everything quiet this morning. A continual fire of musketry was kept up by the enemy during the night. His artillery opened upon and shelled us briskly for two hours yesterday. The officer of trenches reports: "There was nothing unusual occurred on the reserve or picket line of this brigade during the night." The officer commanding the trenches reports that the enemy were making more noise last night than usual in their front, but mostly in the vicinity of Petersburg, and removing artillery or artillery wagons. Also that there were commands given in front of our right such as "keep closed up there." The reserve occupy the old position. No offensive operations have been made from our lines. The enemy still continue to work upon their lines and the trenches report to be saps, which seem to progress slowly. No casualties have occurred.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. VORIS,

Colonel Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers, Commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Petersburg, Va., September 11, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel E. W. SMITH,Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that there have been no changes in the disposition of the troops of my command during the past twenty-four hours. The line of abatis in front of First Brigade has been fully completed. Working parties are engaged on the new inclosed work in progress on my right. A second line of works has been commenced on the line of the Second and Third Brigades.

I am, respectfully,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

