
III. The companies of the Ninth Vermont Volunteers on the Trent road at Red House, on being relieved, will join their regiment without delay. The commanding officer Second Massachusetts Volunteers will send the garrison of Fort Rowan, on being relieved, to relieve the companies of the Ninth Vermont Volunteers on the Trent road.

IV. The Twenty-third New York Independent Battery will relieve the garrison of Fort Rowan, a sufficient number of men under one commanding officer remaining permanently in the battery camp as guard for the park, stables, and camp.

V. the commanding officer Second Massachusetts Artillery will detail from the garrison of Fort Totten, three commissioned officers and 100 men to relieve the companies of the Ninth Vermont Volunteers on picket at Red House.

VI. in view of the unprecedented amount of sickness in the Second Massachusetts Artillery it is ordered that for the present the commanding officer of the First North Carolina Colored Heavy Artillery send each day at guard-mount a sufficient number of men from his command to perform all the day duty at Forts Totten, Dutton, and Stevenson. These details will take their breakfasts in camp, carry their dinner with them, and on being relieved by the Second Massachusetts Artillery, at retreat, return to camp for their suppers and the night. All drills of the Second Massachusetts Artillery will for the present be suspended.

VII. The commanding officer Second Massachusetts Artillery will see that during the time the First North Carolina Colored Heavy Artillery are doing day duty in the forts under his command every effort is made to instruct them in heavy artillery drill.

VIII. As soon as the Ninth Vermont Volunteers is ready to embark, as previously ordered, the commanding officer will inform these headquarters direct.

IX. All these movements must be executed with the utmost rapidity.

* * * * * *

XI. The Ninth Vermont Volunteers, being under marching orders, Colonel E. H. Ripley, of that regiment, is relieved from duty on the general court-martial convened in Special Orders, Numbers 131, paragraph V, current series, from these headquarters.

* * * * * *

By command of Brigadier General Edward Harland:

J. A. JUDSON,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

WAR DEPARTMENT, September 12, 1864-12 m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

The Santiago, one of our blockading squadron, captured a few days ago the blockade runner Advance, from Wilmington. On board of the Advance was found an Italian named Antonzini, who was brought into Hampton Roads yesterday on the Santiago. He was found double-ironed, had been condemned to death by the rebel government for treason, and was being deported to Bermuda, his punishment having been commuted. This morning Mr. Fox brought me a letter from Antonzini, offering to give information for the destruction of bridges on the Danville road. I have requested Mr. Fox to have him sent direct to you from Fortress Monroe.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

