
CITY POINT, VA., September 12, 1864-3.30 p. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington:

The branch of railroad running out to the Weldon road is now finished, and all supplies for the army are now moved in that way. Everything is now perfectly quiet except the usual picket-firing. The enemy seems to be mining in front of the Tenth Corps, but it causes no uneasiness. On Friday morning General Hancock moved a portion of his picket-line forward, and in doing so captured 85 of the enemy's pickets.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

[SEPTEMBER 12, 1864.-For Grant to W. T. Sherman, relating to proposed operations about Petersburg and Wilmington, see Vol. XXXIX, Part II, p. 364.]
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,Numbers 91. City Point, Va., September 12, 1864.

I. The chief engineer of the Army of the Potomac and of the Department of Virginia and North Carolina will hereafter forward to these headquarters on the last day of each week a report of the engineering operations during the week in the respective armies. Maps and plans of all works constructed under their supervision will also be forwarded as soon as they can be prepared.

* * * * * *

III. Brigadier General Thomas H. Neil is hereby relieved from duty with the Eighteenth Army Corps, and will report in person to Major General P. H. Sheridan, commanding Middle Military Division, for orders.

* * * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

HORACE PORTER,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 12, 1864-12 m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

Major-Generals Warren, Parke, and Hancock report all quiet on their lines during the past twenty-four hours. General Birney reports the enemy working steadily on a flying sap, either a covered way for their pickets or probably to gain the crest of a hill which our pickets occupy with a view of driving them away. General B[irney] has begun this morning a countermine at the Hare house, where the enemy are supposed to be mining. General Birney also reports the enemy throwing up a work on their second line just in rear of the old Crater, and that a new battery has been established at the foot of Cemetery Hill, from which they opened at 8 a. m. this morning. This last is for the purpose of firing at the trains on the railroad, which, owing to Mr. Wentz,

