
and men now reported as on special, extra, or daily duty, or on detached service within this army, and in cases where, in the opinion of the inspector-general, the services of officers and men now employed on special and detached duty can be dispensed with in that capacity, he will, in the name of the commanding general, order such officers and men to duty with their respective commands. Corps and other independent commanders will afford the officers of the inspector's department such facilities as they may require to enable them thoroughly to discharge the duty herein indicated, and a report will be made of the number of officers and men returned to duty under this order.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 12, 1864-9 a. m.

General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

There has been no change in the disposition of my troops or lines since last report. Fatigue parties to the number of 2,700 men are at work this morning on the front and rear lines.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS,Numbers 508. September 12, 1864.

* * * * * *

3. Lieutenant Colonel William Wilson, Eighty-first Pennsylvania Volunteers, is hereby relieved from the command of the Consolidated Brigade of this division, a senior officer of that brigade having returned to duty with his regiment.

4. Lieutenant Colonel James E. McGee, Sixty-ninth New York Volunteers, is hereby assigned to the temporary command of the Consolidated Brigade.

* * * * * *

By order of Brigadier-General Miles:

WM. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS, September 12, 1864.

Brigadier General R. DE TROBRIAND,Commanding First Brigade:

GENERAL: The brigadier-general commanding directs me to inform you that a party of fifteen or twenty men, armed with telescope rifles, from the Fifth Army Corps, have been ordered to report to you. He directs that you place them in and about Fort Hell, where they can have the best position to annoy the enemy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

J. H. LOCKWOOD,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

