HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 12, 1864.

Brigadier General H. J. HUNT,Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report no change observed or reported in the enemy's lines during the past twenty-four hours. Only two or three shots exchanged by the artillery. The picket-firing constant.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. M. EDGELL,

Captain, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, September 12, 1864. (Received 9.30 a. m.)

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that nothing of importance occurred in my front yesterday or during the night. The new railroad has been completed to this point and a locomotive came up yesterday.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 35. September 12, 1864.

By authority from headquarters Army of the Potomac the following reorganization of the corps is ordered and will be carried into effect immediately:

I. The Fourth Division, Fifth Army Corps, is discontinued.

II. The following regiments, belonging originally to the old First Army Corps, and now serving with the First and Second Divisions, are transferred to the Third Division: Fifty-sixth, One hundred and twenty-first, One hundred and forty-second, One hundred and forty-third, One hundred and forty-ninth, and One hundred and fiftieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and Seventy-sixth, Ninety-fifth, and One hundred and forty-seventh New York Volunteers.

III. The One hundred and ninetieth and One hundred and ninety-first Regiments Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers are transferred to the Second Division.

IV. The prospect of filling up the corps renders it desirable to retain the organization of three brigades to a division, and each division commander will arrange his brigades as he may think best.

V. The details for provost guards, ambulance corps, quartermaster and commissary departments, &amp;c., will at once be made to conform to the new organization, and all detached officers and men who may be rendered supernumerary by these changes will at once rejoin their commands, and where such officers and enlisted men have been detached in orders from these headquarters, a report will be made to that effect, giving the names of the officers and men detached, in order that they may be properly relieved in orders. The reductions in transportation and ambulances will be carried into effect under the direction of the acting chief quartermaster and chief ambulance officer.

