
desired that, if practicable, the nests of guerrillas in front of your line should be dispersed. This might possibly be accomplished by sending out a strong scouting party at night, well to the front of your line, toward Disputanta and below, and thence around to Prince George Court-House. If you think there is any prospect of capturing any parties by such a movement it should be made. If you require any additional troops they will be furnished from the Second Division. An effort will be made to-night by the Second Division to entrap dismounted rebels who lurk about its line. A party will be sent to Lee's Mill.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. WEIR,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., September 13, 1864-10.30 a.m.

Honorable E. M. STANTON,

Secretary of War, Washington:

My dispatch to you on the subject of enforcing the draft was suggested by reading Secretary Seward's Auburn speech, where he intimates that volunteers were coming in so rapidly that there would be no necessity for a draft, and your dispatch stating that volunteers were coming in at the rate of 5,000 per day. We ought to have the whole number of men called for by the President int he shortest possible time. A draft is soon over, and ceases to hurt after it is made. The agony of suspense is worse upon the public than the measure itself. Prompt action in filling our armies will have more effect upon the enemy than a victory over them. They profess to believe, and make their men believe, there is such a party North in favor of recognizing Southern independence that the draft cannot of enforced. Let them be undeceived. Deserters come into our lines daily, who tell us that the men are nearly universally tired of war, and that desertions would be much more frequent but they believe pease will be negotiated after the fall elections. The enforcement of the draft and prompt filling up of our armies will save the shedding of blood to an immense degree.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., September 13, 1864-10.30 a.m.(Received 12.30 p.m.)

Major General H. W. HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

General Cutler has been relieved from duty with the Army of the Potomac by the consolidation of his division with other divisions of his corps, and ordered to report by letter to the Adjutant-General for orders. I would like to have the general ordered to visit the different recruiting rendezvous in the Eastern and Middle States for the purpose of pushing forward recruits, convalescents, and all others whose duties are at the front.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

