SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,No. 92. City Point, Va., September 13, 1864.

II. Brigadier General L. Cutler is hereby relieved from duty with the Army of the Potomac, in consequence of the consolidation of his division with another division. He will proceed to Washington, D. C., and there report in person to the Adjutant-General of the Army for orders.

Lieuts. William M. Ransom and Thomas W. Miller, personal aides, have permission to accompany him.

* * * * * * *

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

W. L. DUFF,

Lieutenant Colonel, Asst. Insp. General and Actg. Asst. Adjt. General

CITY POINT, September 13, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

Major Wentz says that before laying the railroad he tried to see the chief engineer, but was told that he was sick. He then stated to the officer of whom he inquired the object of his call. He was replied to, that the work of locating the road had been given to another engineer. He made two efforts to get to see this latter; but failing he commenced his work, supposing the engineer would come along if it was not laid to suit. He now proposes to sink the road five feet where it is in view of the rebel batteries, throwing all the earth toward the enemy. This will give an embankment of eleven feet and cut of five. I have directed him to go on with the work.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 13, 1864-12 m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have nothing of consequence to report this morning. Your dispatch in reference to Major Wentz has been referred to Major Michler, acting chief engineer, who replies that no one about these headquarters can be found who ever knew of any visit of Major Wentz; that Major Duane, though unwell, was never so sick that he could not see any ne on business, and, although it is not intended to impugn Major Wentz's statement, yet there is no doubt that had proper effort been made by him to see either Major Duane or myself, or had a written or telegraphic communication been made to us, the very serious mistake which has been made in the location of the road should be laid out of sight and beyond the range of the enemy's batteries. The plan proposed and directed to be executed by you of sinking the road, can be tried, but I fear the noise of the location of the road will prevent its indisturbed use, though I do not know any interruption is to be anticipated.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

