
CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

September 13, 1864.

Commanders are requested to give the circular of the 11th instant, in relation to captured colors, as wide a circulation as possible, embracing in their reports those regiments which may have gone out of service. It should be particularly stated in each case whether the colors have been turned in. Soldiers who have captured colors and have failed to turn them in, as required by existing orders, will lose the reward to be given to those who have turned in colors. Care should be taken to fix the proper credit in all case, so that the corps may get its due honor, individuals their proper reward, and no questions be asked hereafter as to the justice of the award.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

WM. P. WILSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 13, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel J. E. McGEE,Commanding Consolidated Brigade:

COLONEL: The brigadier-general commanding directs that you have your brigade in readiness to move out in support of the line this evening. They will march to the same position which they occupied on Saturday last. Tents need not be struck and unarmed men will not be taken along. The brigade will be formed and in readiness to move at dusk, when a staff officer from these headquarters will be present and conduct them to the place indicated. They will return at sunrise unless otherwise ordered.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WM. R. DRIVER,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, September 13, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that all was quiet in my front during yesterday and last night. Very sharp picket-firing was heard nearly all night in front of the troops to the right of our line. Eight hundred men were at work yesterday upon the fortifications and 400 men upon the new wagon road.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, September 13, 1864.

General WILLIAMS:

I have the honor to report all quiet on my front during the last twenty-four hours.

JNO. G. PARKE,Major-General.

