
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,

No. 39. Near Blick's Station, Va., September 13, 1864.

The following changes in the designations of the divisions of the corps are hereby announced: The Third Division, Brigadier General O. B. Willcox commanding, will be known as the First Division; the Fourth Division, Brigadier General Edward Ferrero commanding, will be known as the Third Division.

By command of Major General John G. Parke:

JNO. C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,No. 172. Near Blick's Station, Va., September 13, 1864.

1. By virtue of authority from headquarters Army of the Potomac, leave of absence for fifteen days is hereby granted Brigadier General O. B. Willcox, commanding Third Division, Ninth Army Corps, with permission to apply for an extension of five days if exigencies of the service will justify such application.

* * * * * * *

By command of Major General John G. Parke:

JNO. C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, NINTH ARMY CORPS,Near Weldon Railroad, Va., September 13, 1864.

Captain JOHN C. YOUNGMAN,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: The following is the list of officers in this division deemed worthy of being recommended for a brevet for conspicuous services as called for by the order of the 11th instant:

Captain Gilbert H. McKibbin, assistant adjutant-general, U. S. Volunteers-for conspicuous bravery at all times during the battle of the Wilderness, and particularly in determining the enemy's position by a personal reconnaissance May 6, 1864; for conspicuous bravery at the battle of Spotsylvania, May 12, 1864; also at Cold Harbor, June 3, 1864, and Petersburg, June 8, 1864.

Colonel John I. Curtin, Forty-fifth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers-for conspicuous services at the battle of Spotsylvania, May 12, 1864; Cold Harbor, June 3, 1864; Petersburg, June 17 and 18, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel Henry Pleasants, Forty-eight Pennsylvania Veteran Volunteers-for the successful management of the mine which was the crater formed by the explosion of the mine on the 30th of July, and his courage and daring in three personal encounters with rebel officers, each time killing his antagonist.

Captain James B. Smith, Thirty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers, in the charge of the First Brigade on the rebel works on the morning of 17th of June, when he was in command of his regiment; but for his bravery and good judgment on that occasion the charge would not have been successful.

Lieutenant Colonel William F. Draper, commanding Thirty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers, in the battle of the Wilderness, was remarkably brave,

