
and after being severely wounded still remained and fought with his regiment until faint from the loss of blood and obliged to be taken from the field.

Captain Peleg E. Peckman, of the Seventh Rhode Island Volunteers, acting assistant adjutant-general of First Brigade, Second Division, Ninth Army Corps-for his repeated acts of gallantry and bravery displayed on every field and in all the engagements in which he has participated, especially that of the 18th of May, at Spotsylvania Court-House, where his regiment owes much to him for its credit on that occasion; and also on he 30th of July in rallying a portion of his brigade and conducting them in their successive charges.

Captain Henry R. Mighels, assistant adjutant-general-for his great efforts in getting the men forward in the charge of the 18th of June, in which he was severely wounded.

Captain E. T. Raymond, Thirty-sixth Massachusetts Volunteers-for good service rendered on all occasions, always showing coolness and courage and putting forth unequaled efforts in every engagement to the success of the troops which might be under his direction, and for escaping from the enemy August 19, 1864, when he accidentally rode into their lines in obedience to orders.

I would also make mention of Lieutenant Colonel Percy Daniels, Seventh Rhode Island Volunteers, who has taken a very active part all through the campaign, and conducted himself nobly in all the engagements. On that of the 30th his regiment was not engaged at all, but he voluntarily went to the front and the fields in face of the enemy's fire and into the crater several times during the day, encouraging both men and officers to their duty.

First Lieutenant Charles E. Frost, Company E, Eleventh New Hampshire Volunteers, on the morning of the 17th of June, 1864, in the charge near the Shands house, in advance of his regiment, with a few men demanded, the surrender of a party of the [enemy], outnumbering him five to one, lying in a rifle-pit, and captured about 15. He also participated in bringing away a gun and six battery horses attached to the caisson.

First Lieutenant George Hicks, Company F, Seventeenth Vermont Volunteers, on the morning of the 17th of June, 1864, in the charge near the Shands house, distinguished himself by capturing a battle-flag of the Seventeenth Tennessee Regiment.

Second Lieutenant John E. Cram, Company B, Eleventh New Hampshire Volunteers, in the battle of Spotsylvania Court-House, distinguished himself by seizing and securing the colors of his own regiment under a heavy fire, after both color-bearers had been severely wounded and disabled, and was himself severely wounded while carrying them to the rear. He has not yet recovered.

I am, captain, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. B. POTTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 9TH ARMY CORPS,

No. 49. Aiken's House, Va., September 13, 1864.

The commanding general, having received a short leave of absence, hereby turns over the command of this division to Brigadier General John F. Hartranft, temporarily.

By command of Brigadier-General Willcox:

[WM. V. RICHARDS,]

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

