
wish me who have been detailed for a long time from their regiments returned, and others less able for field service substituted, their application will receive favorable attention.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Same to Brigadier-General Foster.)
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,No. 118. Before Petersburg, Va., September 13, 1864.

* * * * * * *

VII. Colonel F. B. Pond, Sixty-second Ohio Volunteers, having been assigned to the command of the Third Division of this corps by Special Orders, No. 124, paragraph 6, headquarters Tenth Army Corps, Colonel A. C. Voris, Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers, will assume command of the First Brigade of this division, turning over the command of his regiment to the officer next in rank.

* * * * * * *

By order of Brigadier General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HDQRS. FIRST DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS,

Before Petersburg, Va., September 13, 1864-9.15 p.m.

I am directed by the brigadier-general commanding to request that you will take immediate measures to put an end to the firing on the lines so far as it is practicable. It is reported that the corps officer of the day gave orders to open fire whenever the enemy fired upon our lines. By so doing that officer transcended his authority, and you will immediately notify the officers of your command that they receive no orders to open fire except through the proper channels, and obey none emanating from such a source.

By order of Brigadier General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., September 13, 1864.

Captain ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report everything quiet this morning except a desultory fire of musketry from the enemy, which has kept up all the past night. The reserves of this command remain in the same position, as also do the lines of battle. The officer of the trenches reports there has been no casualties upon the line during the last night. The enemy have made no observable movements or changes. Private Henry Hemmell, Company B, Thirty-ninth Illinois Volunteers, was seriously wounded in the hand yesterday.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

FRANCIS B. POND,

Colonel Sixty-second Ohio Volunteers, Commanding First Brigade.

