
that occurs to the corps commander on the left, Major-General Warren, and also to these headquarters, which he will likewise keep posted as to the condition of affairs in his front, morning and evening. The commanding general thinks that your headquarters hold be at some point central to your command, where you could be speedily reached from these headquarters and communicate readily with your whole command.

A. S. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

WASHINGTON, August 7, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

Your telegram was received last evening. The appointment of Colonel Stedman as brigadier by brevet for gallant and meritorious service was made yesterday.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WASHINGTON, August 7, 1864-7.12 p. m.

Major-General BUTLER:

The brevet of brigadier-general has been conferred on Colonel Stedman. I learn he is deceased. Whom shall the appointment be sent to?

Respectfully,

JAS. A. HARDIE,

Colonel and Inspector-General.
HEADQUARTERS

August 7, 1864-10.30 p. m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT, or, in his absence,SECRETARY OF WAR,

Washington:

All quiet in the lines of our armies since last advice. Enemy moved to Richmond ten passenger and three freight cars filled with troops. They did not cross at Drewry's Bluff. Did not stop in front of us, or they would not have been put on cars. Fourteen wagons and a drove of beeves crossed this eve at Chaffin's Bluff. Kershaw's division is in my front, between the Appomattox and James. From the accounts in rebel papers to August 4 I do not credit Herald's report of Farragut's success. Would it were true.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS,August 7, 1864-10 a. m.

G. V. FOX,

Assistant Secretary of the Navy:

The Richmond Examiner of the 6th has:

MOBILE, August 4.

Yesterday and last evening the enemy threw an infantry force on Dauphin Island,seven miles from Fort Gaines. The fleet outside is large. This morning the Federal double-ender opened on the transport Dick Keys, and then on the fort, which is

