HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 14, 1864-11.15 a.m. (Received 11.30 a.m.)

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

General Birney reports that the heavy artillery firing is an effort on his part to stop the incessant picket and artillery fire of the enemy by concentrating a heavy artillery fire upon him for an hour.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Major-Generals Warren and Parke.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 14, 1864-9.30 p.m.

Major-General HANCOCK:

Information received from signal stations and elsewhere giving reason to suspect some movement of the enemy, corps commanders are requested to enjoin special vigilance on the part of their commands, and to be prepared to move their troops or parts of them promptly upon receiving orders to that effect, and to hold in view the possible contingency of withdrawing all their force except the garrison and armaments of the inclosed works. To that end the garrisons of those works will be designated and posted. A reconnaissance will be made by General Warren toward the Boydton plank road early to-morrow morning.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Major-Generals Warren, Parke, and Birney, and Brigadier-General Davies, commanding cavalry.)
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 14, 1864.

Major-General HANCOCK,Commanding Second Corps:

GENERAL: Your communication of the 11th instant was received yesterday and submitted to the commanding general, who has requested me to express his acknowledgments for the suggestions contained therein, and reply, in substance as follows (for convenience of statement the numbered paragraphs of your letter will be taken in order):

1. It would be difficult to define the dividing line between the responsibility of the corps commander and of the chief of artillery of the army respecting the artillery in the line of intrenchments. When questions arise like that presented reference should be made to these headquarters. In the present case the especial question is whether the Reserve Artillery ammunition of the pieces in the redoubts should be placed in the magazines or retained in the wagons. Wherever the magazines are in good condition it should be kept in them, every precaution being taken to have it properly aired and cared for.

2. An engineer officer has been sent to carry out your views in reference to additional works on the plank road, and to complete the defenses in that quarter.

3. In reference to erecting an advance work near the Gregory Chimneys at the present time, as it would entail material modifications

