
of the line on the right and left, the commanding general, for that and other considerations connected with the establishment of such a work, is indisposed to direct its execution.

4. The abatis and wire entanglement along the large redan and on its left is considered to be a very effective obstacle, and as serious an impediment to the enemy as the frise. The engineer troops are very much occupied, and until there is less pressure for their services, could not be very well spared to make the change suggested.

5 and 6. The opinion of the commanding general, of myself, and of the acting chief engineer, Major Michler, was originally the same as yours, that batteries on the highest part of the Williams house hill and one on the plank road, connected by as short a line as the ground would admit, was the proper arrangement for that locality; but upon an examination of the ground in detail, the chief engineer laid out the batteries as they are now erected, and I think judiciously. They are so arranged as to require but little supporting infantry, and can nearly hold the ground by themselves. They were intended, however, as temporary works, to be superseded by redoubts with high reliefs-one on the highest part of the Williams house hill, the other on the plank road; the former is already in progress.

6 and 7. Directions have been already given for numbering the batteries and lettering the redoubts, and for affixing the same to those works. In addition to the letters, the redoubts will be named. Sketches exhibiting the works, with descriptive lists stating armament and garrison, as you suggest, will be distributed to corps commanders.

I ought to mention that the chief engineer frequently represented the desirableness of numbering the works, but they were not deemed in proper condition for it until the second line was ready for occupation.

7. The engineer troops will close the gorge of Fort Alexander Hays, as suggested.

The foregoing comprises, I think, the disposition made by the commanding general of the several subject of your communication.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. A. HUMPRHEYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 14, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In reply to your telegram of yesterday I have the honor to forward the following list of names for the inclosed works on my line: Fort Sedgwick-the fort now known as Fort Hell. Fort Alexander Hays-the fort at the Strong house. Fort McKeen-the fort now known as Fort Crawford; that is the large square redoubt on the plank road. Fort Haskell-the fort on the Norfolk road, near the Spicer house. Fort Patrick Kelly-the redoubt near the Norfolk railroad, on the front line, near the present front of General Mott's division. Fort Blaisdell-the one near the Chieves house.

I am, general, very respectfully,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

