HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 14, 1864-8 a.m.

Brigadier General H. J. HUNT,Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac:

I have the honor to report no change observed or reported in the enemy's lines during the last twenty-four hours. Picket-firing constant. It having been reported that the enemy's sharpshooters posted in a barn to our left were annoying, a few shots were directed on that point from Ricketts' battery, with the effect of driving them out. Several shots were also exchanged with the enemy's batteries.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. M. EDGELL,

Captain, Commanding.

(Copy to Captain W. P. Wilson, acting assistant adjutant-general, Second Corps.)
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARTY. Brigadier, SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 14, 1864-11 p.m.

As a movement of the enemy is expected, the commanding officers of batteries on the line will use the utmost vigilance and be prepared for any emergency requiring the line to be held by the inclosed works only.
SPECIAL ORDERS.]

As a movement of the enemy is expected the batteries in reserve will be ready to move at short notice, but will not hitch and harness until further orders.

By command of Captain F. M. Edgell:

U. D. EDDY,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 14, 1864.

Lieutenant J. H. LOCKWOOD,

Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Second Army Corps:

LIEUTENANT:I would most respectfully call the attention of the general commanding the division to the dangerous position of the last ten posts on the right of my picket-line. The sharpshooters in the two forts bring the fire mostly in this direction, thus preventing our men there from engaging the enemy in front successfully, rendering these ten posts almost useless, and endangering the lives of our men, who, on this part of the line, dare not raise a musket. I am informed that this is partly owing to the practice that some of the sharpshooters allow officers and men not properly belonging to the fort to fire their pieces. I would respectfully ask that an order be issued to prevent such occurrences.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. McALLISTER,

Colonel Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

