SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,No. 94. City Point, Va., September 15, 1864.

* * * * * * *

2. Captain H. C. Robinett, aide-de-camp U. S. Army, is hereby assigned to duty on the staff of the lieutenant-general commanding, and will be obeyed and respected accordingly.

By command of Lieutenant-General Grant:

GEO. K. LEET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 15, 1864-10 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,City Point:

(Or if General Grant has left in cipher to Fortress Monroe.)

I send a dispatch* received from Warren. General Warren has been ordered to withdraw his command as soon as the information is obtained that is practicable. I judge from the reports that Gregg's recent movement, about the 1st instant, showed the enemy the necessity of holding Poplar Grove Church with some force to be notified of any advance on our part, and that Warren has met there this force. The fact that he found the roads obstructed and of his not being immediately driven back are evidences to me that the enemy are not in great force at that point and did not contemplate immediate offensive movements. If he has any such intention he will doubtless mask his movements by holding all such points of approach as Poplar Grove Church, Reams', &amp;c., in such force as to compel a battle for us to find out what he is about.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., September 15, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

Lieutenant-General Grant directs me to say that the reconnaissance of this morning is satisfactory and the troops can now be withdrawn.

GEO. K. LEET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

ARTILLERY HEADQUARTERS, ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 15, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of yesterday's date, calling my attention to the large detail from the First (dismounted) Delaware Cavalry for the portion of the Artillery Brigade, Sixth Corps, now with this army. The detail was made at the time the corps was ordered to Washington and to serve with the whole brigade. It was made by General Wright without my knowledge.

---------------

*See Warren to Humphreys, 9.30 a.m., p.840.

---------------

