
When the corps left City Point he took but six batteries with him, leaving the other six with the artillery trains and this detachment, awaiting his orders to join the corps. As soon as the matter was brought to my notice, I recommended that the whole detachment should be sent to rejoin its regiment, the men actually serving with batteries as cannoneers only to be retained; and I subsequently recommended that these men be replaced by a detail from the Fourth New York Heavy Artillery. This was done, and the whole cavalry detachment has left to join its regiment. The trains have been ordered to the artillery park, that it may be under the charge of its guard. The foot artillery troops, assigned by the lieutenant-general for service with the artillery of this army, were asked for by me in order that the guard, working, and other details for the artillery might be made from them, and so prevent the irregularities brought to my notice. These troops have been withdrawn from their duties and assigned to divisions of infantry by the corps commanders, who have taken the whole matter into their own hands, and add to or withdraw from the details made for the artillery without any reference to me whatever. As it is manifest that the infantry needs every man with a musket, I have made no objection to the dispositions that corps commanders have felt called upon to make, but it is not in my power, under existing circumstances, to correct the evil if they make excessive details. I will, however, call the attention of the respective chiefs of artillery to the necessity of reducing to a minimum the number of men not belonging to batteries who are on duty with their respective brigades.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

HENRY J. HUNT,

Brigadier-General, Chief of Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,

City Point, Va., September 15, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: I have a report from Captain McEntee, dated day before yesterday, at Washington. Scouts had returned that morning from Cammack's and Silver's. The news they bring amounts to the absence of all movements through Orange Court-House toward or from the Valley. Cammack reports that a neighbor of his lately received letters from friends in the Ninth and Thirtieth Virginia Regiments, now in Georgia. These regiments are both in Pickett's division, and were a very few days ago in our front. The Thirtieth Virginia was raised in and about Fredericksburg, and the mail-carrier at Fredericksburg reported the Thirtieth as being at present near Petersburg. I presume the mistake will be found to be in the number of the regiment. The Thirtieth Virginia is understood at Fredericksburg to be reduced to less than a company. Cars are running on the Orange and Alexandria Railroad three times a week as far as Culpeper Court-House. The Fredericksburg railroad is expected to be in running order to Hamilton's Crossing in three or four days. The bridge over the South Anna is repaired, and that over the North Anna will be shortly completed. Some people about Fredericksburg report that railroad to have been repaired for the purpose of facilitating a heavier movement northwardly.

