
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

No. 36. September 15, 1864.

The major-general commanding, having been furnished with the following communication, publishes the same to this army for the information and guidance of all concerned, and so much of General Orders, No. 78, of August 20, 1863, from these headquarters, as authorizes officers to procure supplies through the medium of agents or purveyors upon permits signed by a general officer and approved by the provost-marshal-general, will hereafter be held to exclude all kinds of spirituous, vinous, and malt liquors. The provost-marshal-general of this army is charged with the execution of this order.
HEADQUARTERS ARMIES OF THE UNITED STATES,City Point, Va., September 8, 1864.

Brigadier General M. R. PATRICK,

Provost-Marshal-General, Armies operating against Richmond, City Point, Va.:

GENERAL: The attention of Lieutenant-General Grant having been called to the large quantities of liquors being brought within the lines of the armies operating against Richmond, he directs that from and after this date you prohibit all kinds of spirituous, vinous, or malt liquors from being brought above Fort Monroe, Va., except such as belong to the commissary or medical department.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

T. S. BOWERS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 15, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: In reply to your dispatch of this a.m. I have the honor to add to the list of names for forts, which have already been forwarded to you, the following names of highly distinguished officers, colonels, and lieutenant-colonels of this corps who have been killed during the present campaign:

First Division-Colonel R. Byrnes, Twenty-eighth Massachusetts, Cold Harbor, June 3, 1864; Colonel L. O. Morris, Seventh New York Heavy Artillery, Cold Harbor, June 4, 1864; Colonel O. H. Morris, Sixty-sixth New York Volunteers, Cold Harbor, June 3, 1864; Lieutenant Colonel A. B. Chapman, Fifty-seventh New York Volunteers, Wilderness, May 6, 1864; Lieutenant Colonel D. L. Stricker, Second Delaware Infantry, Spotsylvania, May 12, 1864.

Second Division-Colonel James P. McMahon, One hundred and sixty-fourth New York, Cold Harbor, June 3, 1864; Colonel P. A. Porter, Eighth [New York] Heavy Artillery, Cold Harbor, June 3, 1864; Lieutenant Colonel H. L. Abbott, Twentieth Massachusetts Volunteers, Wilderness, May 6, 1864.

Third Division-Colonel C. A. Craig, One hundred and fifth Pennsylvania, Deep Bottom, August 16, 1864; Colonel Daniel Chaplin, First Maine Heavy Artillery, Deep Bottom, August 17, 1864; Lieutenant Colonel George W. Meikel, Twentieth Indiana Volunteers, Petersburg, September 10, 1864; Lieutenant Colonel Waldo Merrian, Sixteenth Massachusetts Volunteers, Spotsylvania, May 12, 1864.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

