HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS, September 15, 1864-9 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: There have been no changes in my line during the last twenty-four hours. Yesterday, about 5 p.m., the enemy shelled train on the railroad near these headquarters. One of our batteries replied. The wagons of the Fifth Corps train are in sight of the enemy's batteries. I think that train should be moved behind the woods to the right of my headquarters. It would [then] be close to the depot as near as now, and would not, as at present, be the means of drawing the enemy's fire upon my reserve troops. I would have placed my own train where the wagons of the Fifth Corps now are but for the reasons urged against the Fifth Corps train remaining where it is.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding Second Corps.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 15, 1864. (Received 3.10 p.m.)

General WILLIAMS:

The following dispatch just received from signal officer:

Two bodies of infantry moved from the works near large fort at Weldon railroad and disappeared on road running west; they numbered near 3,000 in all.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,Major-General.

HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 15, 1864-8 a.m.

Brigadier General H. J. HUNT,

Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report no change observed in the enemy's lines during the past twenty-four hours. The enemy were reported yesterday marching a body of troops near the lead-works, but they could not be seen from the batteries. About 5 p.m. the enemy threw a few shells over our lines, which fell near the headquarters of General Miles. Our batteries replied promptly and the firing soon ceased. But little picket-line yesterday.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. M. EDGELL,

Captain, Commanding.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. ARTY. BRIGADE, SECOND CORPS,No. 53. September 15, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*		*

II. Burton's (Eleventh New York) battery will relieve Ricketts' battery (F), First Pennsylvania Artillery, in the work near the plank road to-night after dark. Captain Ricketts, when relieved, will move his battery into the work now occupied by Captain Burton.

III. It having been reported that the enemy are moving in force down the Weldon railroad, the following assignment of batteries to divisions is made in anticipation of a movement of our troops: To First

