
Division, Roder's (K), Fourth United States; Edgell's, First New Hampshire; to Second Division, Beck's (C and I), Fifth United States; Ames' (G), First New York.

The commanders of the above-named batteries will report in person to their respective division commanders at once, stating their location.

By command of Captain F. M. Edgell:

U. D. EDDY,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, THIRD DIV., SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 15, 1864.

Lieutenant J. H. LOCKWOOD,Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Third Division, Second Army Corps:

LIEUTENANT:The firing last evening and night had to be increased on account of the increased firing of the enemy and a report that they were attempting to advance on my right. I would call the attention of the general commanding to the fact that the connection is not good between the Third and First Brigades, owing to the First Brigade rifle-pits on the left being considerably in rear of the Third Brigade, and unless the right of the Third Brigade keep up a constant fire there is danger of the rebels pouncing on our right flank. I have ordered less firing on our line, but when we slack the enemy increase theirs. It is impossible to save ammunition as we would wish; if we do, it is at the risk of losing our works on the right, especially at night, as it is exposed to a flank fire. I will, however, do as you direct in the matter.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. McALLISTER,

Colonel Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, September 15, 1864-7.30 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

General Baxter's brigade, with the cavalry, started out a little past 4 o'clock this morning and met some of the enemy on the Vaughan road southwest from here and on the road running west. Some skirmishing has been going on for the hour, but no report has yet been received of what force the enemy has.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

(Transmitted to Lieutenant-General Grant at 7.45 a.m.)
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, September 15, 1864-8.30 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff;

The commanding officer of the cavalry has just sent in to say that they have met a considerable force of the enemy on both roads. He states they have both cavalry and infantry. No report has yet been received from General Baxter.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

(Transmitted to Lieutenant-General Grant at 8.40 a.m.)

