HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, September 15, 1864-12.30 p.m.

General HUMPHREYS:

The reconnoitering party has returned. Their casualties were about a dozen killed and wounded. They found the enemy occupying an old intrenched line on the Squirrel Level road, about one mile north of Poplar Spring Church. Our cavalry forced the enemy's back westward over a mile beyond the church. The enemy was not in any considerable force nor could a knowledge of any movement of troops be gained. A brigade of cavalry were said to be stationed on the plank road south of Hatcher's Run. Our cavalry on the Vaughan road pushed back the enemy's for a considerable distance southwest. A patrol I sent down the railroad found the enemy's vedettes about one mile south of our own. On the whole, I consider that there is no great force of the enemy between me and the Boydton plank road, and the report of the signal officer of the battery moving in that direction and the dust confirms it as it was probably a re-enforcement. The map we have is very imperfect and the country is not easy to operate in west of us. I will send up the detailed reports and sketch this evening.

G. K. WARREN,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 15, 1864-12.30 p.m. (Received 12.35 p.m.)

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

Deserters who came into General Birney's line this morning state that the reserve troops moved toward the Weldon railroad last evening.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, September 15, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS:

I think these movements indicate that the enemy were not in force here and that they are preparing for any demonstration we may intend making. Major Roebling says from our advance this morning the long roll could be heard in places by the enemy. I think I am fully prepared for anything that occurs to-day, and I am of the opinion that the enemy will wait our attack rather than attacking us.

G. K. WARREN,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS, September 15, 1864-5 p.m.

General HUMPHREYS:

If it is all quiet, shall I send back the two regiments of cavalry?

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.

