
poor practice and hurting no one. They ceased shelling about 3 p.m. Not a shot has been fired from their old battery, in the pint of woods, since day before yesterday. Judge that they found it too warm there. Men continue healthy.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. PIERCE,

Captain, First Connecticut Artillery.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH CORPS, September 15, 1864-9.10 a.m.

Brigadier-General WILLIAMS:

Yesterday morning the enemy's artillery opened heavily along my entire front. I ordered all of my guns to reply for an hour, my rifled guns bearing particularly on the city. The fire had an admirable effect. My command is at work the length of line, in strengthening line and completing redoubts. No new movement of the enemy discovered in my front. On my right the enemy were strengthening the abatis in their front.

D. B. BIRNEY,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, September 15, 1864.

General WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

Deserters this morning report that the reserve troops moved toward Weldon railroad last evening; that rebels are simply countermining; that the artillery fire yesterday was very effective; that 100 mounted scouts, being picked men added to a Louisiana company called McCulloch Rangers, are and have been for some time in vicinity of City Point, keeping concealed in swamps. The man giving this last information seemed intelligent and with special information.

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 15, 1864-12.30 p.m. (Received 12.35 p.m.)

Major-General BIRNEY,Commanding Tenth Corps:

The commanding general orders requests that deserters who come into your lines, those of the Tenth Corps, may be sent to the provost-marshal-general at these headquarters for examination.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, September 15, 1864.

General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

The deserters that came in this morning have been sent to department headquarters. In a conversation with General Meade he requested me to continue to send them there. I will hereafter send them to your headquarters.

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General.

