
with reference to an indorsement of Brigadier General H. J. Hunt, chief of artillery, Army of the Potomac, of this date, on a report of the acting chief signal officer of that army:

No large working parties of the enemy have been discovered by any of the battery commanders on the Tenth Army Corps line during the last two or three days, and any small working parties in sight have been fired at by our artillery, due care having been, of course, taken that the ammunition was not uselessly expended. No working parties of the enemy large enough to justify an artillery fire have been seen to-day from any of our batteries, but their men can be discovered at various places along the line busied in strengthening their works and parapets. These men generally work singly or in groups of two or three. I have no doubt that from some points on the Second Corps line, and even still farther to the left, better views can be had of some of the rebel trenches and batteries in our front than can be obtained from the fourteen-gun battery on the works adjacent.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

R. H. JACKSON,

Lieutenant Colonel, Assistant Inspector-General and Chief of Artillery.
HDQRS. FIRST Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., September 15, 1864.

Captain A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report all quiet in our front this morning. No offensive movements have been made from our line. A covered way has been constructed at the right of Follett's battery, connecting the trench conveniently. The police of the trenches is good. The officer of the trenches reports:

During the night the enemy were engaged in front of the right, on the right of the ravine, cutting down timber, and busy shoveling on our left. As directed by the colonel commanding, I had the line connected by throwing up earth-works across the Prince George road on the left; also repaired the banquette along the whole line. Very little firing during the night.

Private George Zimmerman, Company K, Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers, was mortally wounded yesterday. No further casualties.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. VORIS,

Colonel Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers, Commanding First Brigade.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, FIRST DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Before Petersburg, Va., September 15, 1864.

Captain ADRIAN TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

SIR: Major Prince, who has been until to-night in command of the front line, reports that in his opinion the enemy are putting in a heavy gun-he thinks an 8-inch columbiad-on my extreme right, the gun so places as to bear on Rockwell's battery. It was reported only at dark, and I have not had an opportunity to examine it.

Very respectfully,

JOSEPH C. ABBOTT,

Colonel Seventh New Hampshire Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.

