HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 15, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General KAUTZ,Commanding Cavalry, Division:

A deserter who came into General Birney's line this morning states that 100 mounted scouts, added to a Louisiana company called McCulloch Rangers, are and have been for some time in vicinity of City Point, keeping concealed in swamps.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 16, 1864-10 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,Harper's Ferry, or Washington, or Baltimore:

Warren's reconnaissance was withdrawn yesterday about 12 m. Signal officers reported the movement of the enemy's troops toward our left at various times yesterday from 9 a.m. till sunset. These were believed to be counter movements to meet an expected advance on our part. This view was confirmed by Warren's pickets on the Vaughan road reporting the return of the enemy to Petersburg, and by a deserter this morning, who states his command left the trenches and moved to their right yesterday afternoon and returned during the night. This morning daylight our cavalry pickets and reserves were strongly attacked between the Blackwater and the James. At the same time a dash was made on the cattle herd at Coggins' Point, and it is feared this herd and its guard has fallen into the enemy's hands. A prisoner taken reports the movement as being executed by Hampton with three brigades of cavalry, who left Stony Creek Depot last night, and after crossing the Blackwater took the shortest and most direct road to Coggins' Point. Immediately on receiving intelligence of this movement General Davies, commanding cavalry, was directed to pursue with all his available force, and a brigade of infantry, with a battery of artillery, was at the same time sent down the Prince George Court-House road to re-enforce Kautz. Warren reports demonstrations on his front this morning, his pickets being driven in, but at last report he had re-established his line. It is believed this movement was a diversion in favor of the cavalry raid. This raid was one which I have feared for some time, as with the limited force of cavalry under my command and the great extent of country to be watched I have always considered Coggins' Point an unsuitable position for the cattle herd, it being liable to capture at any time by a coup de main of the enemy in force. Every effort will be made to recover the herd or a portion of it.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 16, 1864-8.05 p.m.

(Received 8.10 p.m.)

Lieutenant Colonel E. S. PARKER,

Headquarters Armies of the United States, City Point, Va.:

In answer to your dispatch of this evening I am instructed to say that it is believed the raid of the enemy has terminated with the seizure of the cattle herd and that there is supposed to be now no obstacle

