
to prevent the rebuilding of the telegraph line to Fort Powhatan. At any rate, it is thought the construction party had better endeavor to reopen the communication.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

HARPER'S FERRY, September 16, 1864.

(Received 9 a.m. 18th)

Major-General MEADE:

If the enemy makes so rich a haul as to get our cattle herd he will be likely to strike far to the south, or even to the southeast to get around with it. Our cavalry should either recover what is lost, or else, in the absence of so much of the enemy's cavalry, strike the Weldon road far to the south of where it has been destroyed.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 16, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,Harper's Ferry:

Nothing definite has been received from the cavalry, except that Kautz reports the enemy retired as soon as they succeeded in driving off the cattle from Coggins' Point. Kautz is in pursuit on the Prince George Court-House road and Davies on the Jerusalem plank road with all the cavalry that could be collected at the moment. A supporting force of infantry was sent on booth roads. Heavy and distant firing was heard about 9 p.m.,presumed to be Davies coming up with the enemy, but Hampton's force is so superior to ours and he had so much time to get off that I fear nothing will come of the pursuit except to harass the enemy. Twenty-four hundred head of cattle were captured. The affair was evidently the result of a deliberate the result of a deliberate plan, and advantage was taken of Warren's movement on the presumption our cavalry were all on the left. A deserter, who came in this morning, says he saw troops passing through Petersburg yesterday, said to be part of Early's force; that Early had sent back 6,000 men. I send this for what it is worth, but General Butler's signal officers reported yesterday troops moving into Petersburg on the road from Richmond. With the exceptions of the cavalry raid and the demonstration on Warren's pickets this morning the rest of the lines were quiet.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL, ARMIES OPERATING AGAINST RICHMOND, VA., September 16, 1864.

Colonel T. B. GATES,

Commanding Post and Defenses, City Point, Va.:

The enemy has broken through our line near Sycamore Church and may dash into City Point. Place all the troops under your control in

