
CITY POINT, September 16, 1864.

(Received 9 a.m.)

General HUMPHREYS:

I have just received a prisoner from Seventh Virginia Cavalry. The attack was made this a.m. between daylight and sunlight by Hampton's division of cavalry, three brigades. The enemy met with no resistance until they got to Sycamore Church, in the rear of which was the cattle herd. Here they found about a regiment. It is believed that the entire herd of 2,500 head was captured, with little loss to the enemy. Hampton's division was collected during last night at Stony Creek and crossed the Blackwater swamp by the nearest roads they could find to Coggins' Point. Prisoner is not familiar with the country; thinks they would go back the same way they came.

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel,&amp;c.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS, September 16, 1864-9.20 a.m.

General DAVIS,Commanding Cavalry, near Williams' House:

I send you dispatch just received from City Point. The commanding general wishes you to strike the enemy on their return, if they are now on the return.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

Operator at Second Corps headquarters please send.

A. A. H.

CITY POINT, September 16, 1864.

JOHN C. BABCOCK:

Received here deserters from Seventeenth and Twenty-third Tennessee, Johnson's old brigade; left their commands on north side of James River this morning; yesterday a.m. saw Generals Lee and Beauregard at Cox's farm laying out new and stronger works; yesterday p.m. heard that there was but one division left in front of Petersburg, heard their officers say so; that the main part of their army was making a flank movement. On Tuesday the pontoon bridges over the James were taken upon then put back again; heard no reason given.

SHARPE,

Colonel.

SEPTEMBER 16, 1864.

Colonel SHARPE, City Point:

Deserter to-day from Thirty-fourth North Carolina, Scales' brigade. Enemy moved two brigades to right yesterday, anticipating an attack on South Side Railroad, but returned them again after dark. Scales' was one; don't know the other. Two deserters from Forty-sixth Virginia, Wise's brigade, came in this morning. Hoke's entire division withdrew from the trenches yesterday afternoon and moved to the right. Bushrod Johnson's division extends from the Burnside mine to the Appomattox, all the force between those points. Heth's division also withdrawn, and Mahone's extended to occupy its place. Six thousand men from Early's command were seen by deserters to be passing through Petersburg yesterday morning going to the right.

J. C. B.[ABCOCK].

