
gradually extended to our line. The enemy advanced a line of skirmishers. I directed that our line be re-enforced, if necessary, and line maintained. The firing has ceased. No change in position of enemy opposite our center and left has been observed. Two vedettes Forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers are reported missing. Probably deserted in the night, although no trace of arms or accouterments are to be found. A deserter from the Thirty-fourth North Carolina, Scales' brigade, came in about daylight this morning; conscripted August 6; says that about 10 a.m. yesterday his division was moved to their right; moved back in the evening to their old position; was posted as vedette this a.m.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, September 16, 1864.

Major-General WARREN:

Dispatch of 8.30 just received.* The enemy has been pressing our skirmish line on the left. I have directed it to be re-enforced, if necessary, and held to the last.

JNO. G. PARKE,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, September 16, 1864-10.10 a.m.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Army corps:

The left of my line was retired somewhat, but the division commander reports that it has been advanced again in conjunction with the right of your line.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 16, 1864.-7.40 a.m.

Brigadier-General DAVIES,Commanding Cavalry, Army of the Potomac:

Reports from General Kautz show a sharp attack on his line of pickets between Zion Church and the James River at daylight this morning, in which at least two companies have been used up. Colonel Wilson, chief commissary of subsistence, reports that he is informed that the large cattle herd near Coggins' Point has been attacked and probably is now being driven off. The commanding general directs that you get together all your available force and attack the parties and endeavor to recover the cattle. You will leave the force you have on picket.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

The operator at Second Corps headquarters will send this by orderly to General Davies, at General Gregg's headquarters.

---------------

*See Warren to Humphreys and Parke, p.864.

---------------

