HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 16, 1864-3.15 p.m.

Brigadier-General DAVIES,Commanding Cavalry:

(Through headquarters Second Corps.)

A dispatch from General Kautz, at Sycamore Church, at 12.30 p.m., states that the enemy's cavalry passed through there with the cattle about sunrise, taking the road leading south. The commanding general considers that the cavalry force picketing between the plank road and the Blackwater may be withdrawn and united with your force in pursuit of the enemy. General Kautz is directed to that effect, but he is so far off that much delay would occur in waiting for it to be done through him. You will please have it done direct to save time. You will, of course, call on the infantry brigade for support should you need it.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

P. S.-Any staff officer at General Davies' headquarters will proceed to carry out this order about the pickets if General Davies should be absent.

A. A. H.,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION CAVALRY, Proctor's, Jerusalem Plank Road, September 16, 1864-10.30 p.m.

(Received 2 a.m. 17th.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff.

GENERAL: I reached this point at 12.30 p.m.; hence sent a brigade down the Jerusalem plank road to intercept the enemy. I met them at a point about five miles hence, and drove them about a mile to the vicinity of Hawkinsville,where they were found strongly posted behind earthworks, and having in their front an impassable swamp. I moved down the rest of my command to that point on being informed that they were in force, but found in impossible to dislodge them. I learned from a prisoner that the force on my front was W. H. F. Lee's division. From what I learned of the movements of the cattle train and the time occupied, I concluded it was useless to make further attempts to recapture on that road. I therefore to this point, whence I sent a brigade to Stony Creek to endeavor to intercept the head of their column by that route. I have had no communication with General Kautz, but I have sent a staff officer to ascertain his whereabouts and how he is doing, with instructions, if he had no prospects of overtaking them shortly, to return to Prince George Court-House.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. E. DAVIES, JR.,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

