HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, September 16, 1864.

Brigadier-General DAVIES,Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report that the enemy have opened upon us with their artillery; but one gun thus far has been discovered. They seem to have quite a strong position, but with some help we may do something.

Very respectfully,

H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-They (enemy) still hold barricades. We heard one shot, supposed to be Kautz, on the left.

H. C. WEIR.
HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS, September 16, 1864.

Captain H. C. WEIR,Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Division, Cavalry Corps:

I have the honor to report all quiet along the line of Thirteenth Pennsylvania Cavalry. Captain Seip, commanding pickets Second Pennsylvania Cavalry, furnishes the following:

Lieutenant Lynch, on duty on the Lee's Mill road, reports that all was quiet along his line up to 4 o'clock this morning. A few rebels made their appearance on his extreme left. He observed signal-lights at 2 a.m. in a southeasterly direction. There was considerable firing by General Kautz's pickets some distance from his lines. A few wagons were heard on the left of plank road. Nothing has been seen or heard of the party of rebels that broke through General Kautz's command.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

[Indorsement.]
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION CAVALRY, September 16, 1864.

Respectfully forwarded for information of the general commanding. It is very quiet on right of my line.

H. E. DAVIES, JR.,Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

CITY POINT, September 16, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

Hampton's division, three brigades of cavalry, made an attack on our left this morning and captured the cattle herd near Coggins' Point. It is thought at headquarters Army of the Potomac that City Point may possibly be attacked, and the question is asked of Colonel Gates, commanding the post, if there is any artillery here. There is none. It is suggested by Colonel Parker, of General Grant's staff, that the same be reported to you, and that a request be made to have such disposition made of the gun-boats as will remedy the want of artillery here.

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel,&amp;c.

