
HATCHER'S, VA. September 16, 1864.

(Received 10.05 p.m.)

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

The only officer of high rank in this corps who has not a redoubt named after him on this line is Colonel G. A. Stedman, Eleventh Connecticut, mortally wounded August 5, at Petersburg. I have the names of several captains, which I can send, should you desire it.

JOHN GIBBON,

Major-General.

BUTLER'S HEADQUARTERS, September 16, 1864.

Major-General GIBBON:

An order has been issued ordering the Twenty-second U. S. Colored Troops to report to Major Ludlow, Dutch Gap. A copy will be sent you.

R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, September 16, 1864-6 a.m.

Captain H. C. WEIR,Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Division:

CAPTAIN: I have to report that my pickets have been driven back from their line from Mount Sinai Church to the Powhatan stage road, and the commanding officer of the Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry thinks quite a number of horses have been captured. There was an attack on the line of the Fifth Pennsylvania Cavalry last night, in which the force was estimated from thirty to seventy strong. The present attack I do not yet consider serious, as the reserves have not been disturbed yet. I think the attack is in retaliation for those we killed the other day.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, September 16, 1864-7 a.m.

Captain H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: The enemy have pushed in on the Powhatan stage road and cut off the First District of Columbia Cavalry. We have had no communication with them this morning. The firing is quite lively in the direction of the Powhatan stage road. A squadron of the third New York has just been sent out on the stage road and seems to have found the rebels holding the intrenchments at the cross-road of the City Point and Powhatan stage road. The firing at present has ceased, and Colonel Jacob's message says that he had ordered the enemy dislodge. I am fearful that the First District of Columbia may be

