
entrapped, as their position has always been an exposed one. Should such prove the case, the enemy could best be intercepted on the Jerusalem plank road on their return.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

I send a dispatch just received. The firing is receding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, September 16, 1864-7.30 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: The enemy have advanced to the cross-roads where the Powhatan stage road and the Mount Sinai and City Point road cross. They have thus cut off the First District of Columbia Cavalry at Sycamore Church. Citizens in from the vicinity of the picket-line say the enemy have two pieces of artillery. A courier just in, who was sent to communicate with the First District of Columbia Cavalry, returns and reports that he could not get through, as he met three companies of rebel cavalry on the road leading from Mount Sinai Church to City Point. I have sent the Third New York to open communication with the First District of Columbia Cavalry. The enemy's pickets have taken up posts in front of Mount Sinai Church. the line to the west of Mount Sinai Church was not been molested since early last night. I have communicated all I know up to the present time to General Gregg. It is needless to say that I have no force to resist a serious attack. I believe the enemy to have planned the capture of the First District of Columbia Cavalry, which I think was their object, and I fear they have succeeded. The reports go to show that the entire line was attacked about daylight from about a mile east of Mount Sinai Church to Sycamore Church.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-There has been but very little firing since your staff officer left here, and what has been heard seems to be receding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 16, 1864-8 a.m.

Brigadier-General KAUTZ,Commanding Cavalry Division:

Have you heard from your regiment at Cocke's Mill? Whatever available force you have should be sent in that direction to attempt the recovery of the cattle if practicable.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

