
I have sent you all the information I have received from the regiment at Sycamore Church. I hear the enemy's artillery, which I judge to be at Green's house, on the stage road.

Very respectfully,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, September 16, 1864-8.30 a.m.

Captain H. C. WEIR,Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Division:

CAPTAIN: The attack had developed itself as a foray on the cattle herd and the First District of Columbia Cavalry, although nothing definite has been heard from the direction, as the enemy hold the road at Rollins', and I hear the enemy's artillery, which I judge to be about Green's house, this side of Rollins'. The Third New York been sent down there to hold them in check, and if possible to drive them back. The attack on the Fifth, which was obscure as to place, I think was near the railroad,and I judge only to have been a demonstration to draw attention from the attack on the cattle. I did not know that the cattle were there until this morning. I still hold the line from a mile or two of Mount Sinai Church to your line. Not more than three companies have been reported at once place, but the attack was general all along the line east of Mount Sinai Church. The enemy's pickets are in sight in front of Mount Sinai. I have sent all the information I have to army headquarters. They have just sent an infantry brigade to report to me. I will push down the Powhatan road with the cavalry and leave the infantry to hold Prince George Court-House.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 16, 1864-8.40 a.m.

Brigadier-General KAUTZ, Commanding Cavalry Division:

Colonel Smyth, commanding Second Division, Second Corps, is ordered to send you a brigade of infantry immediately, and to hold the remainder of his division ready to follow. General Hunt will send you a battery of artillery. So far as you have learned, will the brigade be sufficient for you to attack and drive off the enemy about Mount Zion [Sinai] Church, or will you require the division? The whole division is not more than 3,000 strong.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,Major-General and Chief of Staff.

HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, September 16, 1864-8.50 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS, Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Your note of 8.40 a.m. has been received. I will leave the infantry brigade and the artillery at Prince George Court-House and concentrate all the cavalry I can, and with a section I will push

