
down to Sycamore Church, if possible. I cannot tell how much force the enemy have, but I suspect they must have two or three regiments. I fear the enemy will be gone before I can get there, as I suspect the whole movement to be the capture of the cattle the First District of Columbia Cavalry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS, September 16, 1864.

Brigadier General A. V. KAUTZ,Commanding Cavalry Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to say a dispatch from headquarters Army of the Potomac indicates that an attack has been made on the cattle herd at Coggins' Point. You will, after strengthening your picket-line, send a strong party to Cocke's Mill to obtain information, and follow to that point with the rest of your command and attack the enemy, and delay their movements if practicable. The Second Division will move to that point and be guided by whatever information you can obtain. Send reports as often as you can learn anything of consequence.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, September 16, 1864-9.15 a.m.

Captain H. C. WEIR,Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Your dispatch has been received. I had already made my arrangements to move down to Sycamore Church with the Third New York and Eleventh Pennsylvania to try and communicate with the First District of Columbia Cavalry. I have sent you all the information I possessed up to the First District of Columbia Cavalry have been captured or routed, as they were not calculated to offer much resistance, posted as they were. I shall leave the Fifth Pennsylvania as it is. A brigade of infantry will hold Prince George Court-House whilst I move down the stage road.

Very respectfully,&amp;c.,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 16, 1864-10 a.m.

Brigadier-General KAUTZ,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

A report from Colonel Sharpe, deputy provost-marshal at City Point, telegraphs that he has just received a prisoner from Seventh Virginia

