
Cavalry,who states that Hampton's division, three brigade, was concentrated last night, crossed Stony Creek, and moved on the shortest line toward the Coggins Point.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

ROLLINS' HOUSE, [September 16, 1864]-11.30 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Mr. Rollins informs me that Major Belcher stopped at his house and said that their force was 14,000 strong; that they had cavalry and infantry; that they captured 2,460 head of cattle, and that the First District of Columbia Cavalry had escaped in the direction of Fort Powhatan. Major Belcher is in command of the Mounted Home Guards. Mr. Rollins says about 3,000 of the enemy passed his house toward City Point and returned. A portion of the enemy's force left this road near here going toward the Blackwater, said to be about a brigade. I have not yet learned the road on which the main force passed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General.

P. S.-I have only about 500 men and two pieces of artillery.
HEADQUARTERS, Sycamore Church, September 16, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: General Hampton has captured all the cattle and taken them away on the road leading south from this point. I shall pursue them and endeavor to annoy them as much as possible. About 150 of the First District of Columbia Cavalry have been captured. About 100 are now collected here under Captain Speers, First District of Columbia Cavalry. Four dead of his regiment are lying here, and he has also about ten or more wounded. The attack was only to capture the cattle, and they did not seem to care much for the prisoners. They have several hours the start of me. The cattle left here about sunrise. I do not think they can drive the cattle very far before they break down. Majors Baker, Cloudman, and Captain Gregg, are reported captured.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 16, 1864-3 p.m.

Brigadier-General KAUTZ,

Commanding Cavalry Division:

Your report of 12.30 p.m. from Sycamore Church is received. The commanding general thinks that as General Davies has moved down the plank road in pursuit of the enemy, your force picketing between

