
the plank road and the Blackwater may be drawn in and sent to join General Davies. Please have it done and orders issued for the prompt movement of the force down the plank road to join General Davies, as it can reach him more readily then you. You had better direct the brigade of infantry sent you this morning to follow and support you. I will also notify the staff at General Davies' headquarters to draw in your pickets between road and Blackwater and send them to General Davies; but I do not know that he has left any staff at this headquarters.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

A detachment of 500 cavalry, under the command of Major Van Renssellaer (Sixth United States and Third Pennsylvania), part of provost-marshal-general's force at City Point,has been ordered to follow and join you.

A. A. H.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 16, 1864-3.30 p.m.

Brigadier-General KAUTZ,Commanding Cavalry Division, near Sycamore Church:

It was erroneously reported to me that the force under Major Van Rensselaer was 500 strong. It is less than 100 strong, and the order to it has been countermanded.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE, Mount Sinai Church, September 16, 1864.

Captain ASCH,Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

The rebels have certainly been in our rear and up the stage road for some distance. I can't hear from Major Baker, and do not believe that a messenger could get through. The rebel pickets are one-quarter of a mile in advance of ours on Powhatan road. The time of attack looks more serious than anything that has yet occurred. Companies D and B, Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, have lost nearly all their horses; at least eighty, we think. Captain Titus has about forty-five more at the cross-road, but we have no men to send out on reconnaissance, and really don't know what the rebels are doing.

Yours,

WETHERILL,

Major.

MOUNT SINAI CHURCH, September 16, 1864-5.15 a.m.

Major WETHERILL,

Commanding Brigade:

MAJOR: I have just received a report that Companies B and D have been driven off their position and have fallen back toward E Company.

