HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 17, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: The following dispatch from plank road signal station is respectfully forwarded:

At 4.15 p.m. an extensive movement of the enemy toward our right was made apparent by a very heavy cloud of dust to the left of lead-works and beyond the river. The main movement was on a concealed road, and such bodies as moved on the road in sight were most of the time concealed by the dust. It lifted, however, long enough for me to see two batteries of artillery pass. The column was an hour in passing.

THICKSTUN,

Captain, Signal Corps.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

B. F. FISHER,

Major and Chief Signal Officer.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS, September 17, 1864.

Major FISHER:

The camp of enemy to left and west of Whitehead's Factory has been removed this p.m.; an artillery camp in same vicinity also disappeared. A camp, apparently hospital, still farther west and across Richmond pike, has also been removed some time during day; cannot say what course they have taken. Dust west of city about same as previous three or four days. Ordinary working parties are on new fort; also small party on batteries west by southwest of station.

JORDAN.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 17, 1864-9 a.m.

General HUMPHREYS:

GENERAL: No changes have been made on General Mott's lines since yesterday's report. The usual picket-firing continues. One brigade of the Second division of this corps reported to General Kautz yesterday morning at Prince George Court-House; a brigade and one battery of the Second Division occupies the fort near the Norfolk road; one brigade of the First Division and one battery sent to report yesterday to General Davies at the junction of the Reams' Station and plank road; one brigade and one battery of the First Division occupies the works in front of the Finn house on the plank road; my pickets cover the front between the plank road and the Blackwater.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,Major-General.

HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 17, 1864-9.45 a.m.

General HUMPHREYS:

General Miles informs me that Colonel Wilson, commanding the brigade of the First Division of the Second Corps at the junction of

