
the Reams' Station and plank road, had not reported to General Davies late last night, not having been able to find him. General Miles has sent a staff officer this morning to find General Davies and to report the position of the brigade to him.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 17, 1864-10.40 a.m.

(Received 10.50 a.m.)

Major-General HANCOCK,Commanding Second Corps:

Your dispatch of 9,45 a.m. received. General Davies knew the brigade was at the intersection of the Reams' Station road. A dispatch was received from him dated 10.30 p.m. He had come up to the enemy crossing the plank road twelve miles beyond the Williams house. They were strongly posted and he could not dislodge them. He had sent a brigade to endeavor to reach round to the right and strike the head of the column.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 17, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

The cavalry is in and the infantry is following on the plank road. I should be pleased to know your intention concerning the brigade at the Finn house and at the fort on the Norfolk road at your convenience. If the brigade of infantry at Prince George is to remain there I should like to be informed, so that proper arrangements can be made by them for a sojourn; and while they are there I desire to know if they remain under the orders of General Kautz, so that there be no confusion.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 17, 1864-1.05 p.m.

(Received 1.15 p.m.)

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

I was about telegraphing you when your dispatch was received. The commanding general thinks the brigade at Finn's may be withdrawn to its former position. The brigade on the Norfolk road and artillery there he prefers should remain, as they are available at that place as reserves for the front line. The brigade at Prince George Court-House should also remain there for the present, as a redoubt is to be thrown up at that place. This brigade will be under the orders of the division commander, and not under those of General Kautz; it should be considered part of the reserve force as regards the front line.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

