HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 17, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I consider if of the highest importance that as many as possible of the officers of the Second Corps now absent who are able to perform duty in the field be returned at once. As an example showing deficiency of officers of the Second Corps, the First Division, comprising twenty-six regiments or battalion, has only 140 officers present, including field, staff, and line. The Second Corps cannot be relied upon for great service without its officers, the best of whom, with few exceptions, are absent. With good officers to have commanded the men I could have won a decided victory at Reams' Station, aside from other considerations. The failure to perform all that has been demanded of the troops of this command lately has been owing to the great deficiency in this respect. If the Second Corps, after its great losses, is to be relied upon as a power this fall it can only fulfill expectations by giving it its best officers. A very large proportion of the additions being made to the command consists of new men, who require instructions, discipline, and example.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS, September 17, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to recommend the following-named officers for promotion by brevet or otherwise. The two first named were omitted from the list previously sent:

First. Brigadier General A. S. Webb - for distinguished conduct at Gettysburg, where he was slightly wounded; at Bristoe Station, October 14, 1863; at the battle of the Wilderness, and at Spotsylvania, May 12, where he was severely wounded. To date from day of appointment.

Second. Colonel G. N. Macy, Twentieth Massachusetts Volunteers - for distinguished conduct at the battle of the Wilderness, and at Deep Bottom, August 14, while commanding his brigade in an assault on the enemy's works. This officer lost an arm at Gettysburg, returned to his command when the army moved from its winter camp was severely wounded in the battle of the Wilderness, returned to his command August 12, 1864, and was again wounded August 14, 1864. To date August 14, 1864.

Third. Major John G. Hazard, First Rhode, Island Light Artillery - for distinguished services and good conduct throughout the campaign, especially at Cold Harbor, Va. To date June 3, 1864.

STAFF OF MAJOR-GENERAL HANCOCK.

First. Lieutenant Colonel C. H. Morgan, assistant inspector-general, chief of staff - for distinguished and valuable services throughout the campaign, especially at the Wilderness, and at Spotsylvania, May 12. Brevet colonel from May 6, and brevet brigadier-general from May 12,

