
1864. This officer has been chief of staff of the corps since the fall of 1862, and has been present in all the actions in which the corps has been engaged. He has been several times recommended for appointment as brigadier-general for distinguished service.

Second. Lieutenant Colonel Francis A. Walker, assistant adjutant-general - for distinguished service and good conduct throughout the campaign. This officer has been assistant adjutant-general of the corps since the fall of 1862. He was wounded at Chancellorsville and taken prisoner at Reams' Station, August 25. To date from August 25, 1864.

Third. Major William G. Mitchell, aide-de-camp - for meritorious and distinguished conduct and for gallantry in action, especially at the Wilderness May 6, and at Spotsylvania May 12, 1864. Brevet lieutenant-colonel to date from May 6, and brevet-colonel from May 12. This officer has been with me as senior aide since the beginning of the war, and has distinguished in every battle in which I have been engaged.

Fourth. Captain I. B. Parker, aide-de-camp - for gallantry and good conduct throughout the campaign. This officer was wounded at the first Fredericksburg, and has been with me in every important engagement in which I have taken part since the war. To date May 6.

Fifth. Captain W. D. W. Miller, aide-de-camp - for gallantry and good conduct throughout the campaign. This officer was wounded at the first Fredericksburg, and twice wounded at Gettysburg. He has been with me in all engagements since Antietam. Previous to this he was on the staff of Major-General Richardson. To date May 12, 1864.

Sixth. Surg. A. N. Dougherty, medical director - for untiring devotion to the duties of his profession and for his bravery on the field. This officer was wounded at the Po, May 10, 1864. To date May 10, 1864.

Seventh. Captain H. H. Bingham, One hundred and fortieth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and judge-advocate Second Army Corps - for good conduct and conspicuous gallantry, especially at the Wilderness, May 6, 1864, when he collected a considerable party of stragglers and led them against the enemy with marked gallantry; and at Spotsylvania, May 12, where he voluntarily took part with his regiment in the assault and was wounded. He was also wounded at Gettysburg. To date May 6, 1864.

Eighth. Captain W. P. Wilson, One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers - for gallantry and good conduct throughout the campaign, especially at the Wilderness, at Spotsylvania, and Reams' Station, August 25. To date May 12, 1864.

Ninth. Asst. Surg. Charles Smart - for attention to the duties of his profession and for service on the field. To date from day of appointment.

The dates of the above appointments have been arranged as in my opinion the officers should take rank, and in accordance with the just claims of the different officers for advancement.

STAFF OF THE FIRST DIVISION.

Captain Silas J. Marlin, One hundred and forty-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers, and division inspector - for gallantry at Reams' Station, August 25, and at other actions during the campaign.

Captain William R. Driver, assistant adjutant-general of volunteers-for gallantry at Reams' Station, August 25.

