
Captain Nathan Church, Twenty-sixth Michigan Volunteers, and brigade inspector First Brigade, First Division - for gallantry in action before Petersburg, June 16.

First Lieutenant John D. Black, One hundred and forty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers, aide-de-camp - for gallantry at Reams' Station, August 25, 1864.

First Lieutenant John B. Hallenbeck, Sixty-first Pennsylvania [New York] Volunteers, aide-de-camp, First Brigade, First Division - for gallantry in action before Petersburg, Va., June 16, 1864.

STAFF OF THE SECOND DIVISION.

Captain A. Henry Embler, aide-de-camp and commissary of musters - for gallant and meritorious conduct during the campaign. To date August 25, 1864.

Lieutenant Edward M. Du Bois - for gallant services at the battles of the Wilderness and Spotsylvania. To rank from May 18, 1864.

A few recommendations have been received from the Third Division of the corps, but the list requires investigation, which I have not time to give and include the list in this report, and I therefore postpone the matter for a subsequent report.

I have the honor to be, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

No. 30. Before Petersburg, September 17, 1864.

The major-general commanding takes great pleasure in expressing to the command his gratification with the good conduct of the troops engaged in the successful affair of the morning of the 10th instant, resulting in the dislodgment and capture of a considerable portion of the enemy's picket-line, which had for a long time been in too close proximity to our lines. The troops immediately engaged were the Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel Biles commanding; and the Twentieth Indiana Volunteers and the Second U. S. Sharpshooters, under Lieutenant-Colonel Meikel, all of General De Trobriand's brigade, of Mott's division. To General Mott, who directed the whole operation, and to General De Trobriand, who was particularly charged with its execution, and to the officers and men of the regiments mentioned, the thanks of the major-general are accorded. Great credit is also due to Captain H. G. Harrower, Eighty-sixth New York Volunteers, commanding the picket during the following night, under whose direction the new line was strengthened and properly connected. The major-genera commanding sincerely regrets the death of Lieutenant-Colonel Meikel, Twentieth Indiana, and Lieutenant Ellsler, Ninety-ninth Pennsylvania Volunteers; also the wounding and death of a number of brave officers and enlisted men. Those men who became detached during the night, remaining among the enemy's pickets during the following day, refusing to surrender, and capturing to their command at night, are thought worthy of particular mention.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

W. P. WILSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

