HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS, September 17, 1864-9 a.m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report all quiet on my front during the last twenty-four hours.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 17, 1864-2.45 a.m.

Brigadier-General DAVIES,Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: Your dispatch of 10.30 p.m. 16th is received. When last heard of General Kautz, at about 4 or 5 p.m., was ten miles beyond Sycamore Church on the route taken by the enemy; he was still following. The commanding general directs me to say that no effort should be spared to recapture the cattle so long as there is any chance left to do so. When in your judgment, nothing further can be done, you can return. General Kautz will probably be up to the rear of the enemy by morning.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, September 17, 1864-11 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have arrived in camp with the Second Division, having concluded that nothing more could be done, with a view to recovering the stolen cattle. The force sent toward Stony Creek and to the railroad last night succeeded in reaching the railroad a little after daylight this morning. Colonel Smith, commanding, found the enemy on both roads. On the Stony Creek road he found the enemy in considerable force, so much so as not to justify exposing the command to the risk of being cut off. I learned from a contraband that the cattle were taken over to Nottoway yesterday afternoon. The enemy's intention was evidently to take them to their lines by a circuitous route and keeping a large force of cavalry between us and them. The loss in my command (Second Division) is about 25 killed, wounded, and missing. The officer sent to communicate with General Kautz has not yet returned and I have had no report from him since I left camp. I will report in person at your headquarters in a few hours.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. E. DAVIES, JR.,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.

P. S.-All quiet along my picket-line.

