SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. DEPT. OF VA. AND N. C.,No. 256. In the Field, September 17, 1864.

*		*		*		*		*		*

XVIII. Brigadier General A. Ames is hereby granted a leave of absence for twenty days, commencing Monday, September 19, 1864.

XIX. Brigadier General C. A. Heckman is hereby temporarily assigned to the command of the Second Division, Eighteenth Army Corps.

*		*		*		*		*		*

By command of Major-General Butler:

R. S. DAVIS,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.

IN THE FIELD, September 17, 1864-3.45 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT,

Baltimore:

(Care of Major-General Wallace.)

All is quiet along the entire line. Yesterday afternoon three brigades of Hampton's cavalry turned our left and struck cattle corral about seven miles below City Point; captured about 2,000 head of cattle and our telegraph construction party. A cavalry force was sent out to cut them off; also, Hancock moved to intercept them with a division of infantry. The results is not yet known. Rumor is that the cattle are recaptured. They broke the telegraph line, so that we send to Powhatan. Will advice further through General Wallace to send you at Burlington. The line will be repaired this evening.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.

IN THE FIELD, September 17, 1864-4.30 p.m.

Major-General MEADE:

Have you any information concerning the captured cattle or movements on the left?

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, September 17, 1864-5 p.m.

Major-General BUTLER:

Your dispatch of 4.30 received. The cavalry which I sent in pursuant of the captured cattle has returned, having found all avenue of approach so strongly held by the enemy as to prevent any attempt on their part to recover the cattle. The enemy have been moving their troops to our left, but whether for offensive purposes or to resist an anticipated attack on our part it is impossible to make out. Our lines, with the exception of the cavalry raid yesterday, have been undisturbed.

GEO. G. MEADE,Major-General.

