HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA, OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER, September 17, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel G. A. KENSEL,Acting Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: The following message has just been received from Spring Hill station:

About 500 infantry are passing inside enemy's works toward our right.

SIMONS,

Lieutenant, Signal Officer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. R. CLUM,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA, September 17, 1864.

(Received 3.23 p.m.)

Colonel SHARPE,City Point, Va.:

A deserter from the Eighteenth Virginia, Hunton's brigade, Pickett's division, reports no change nor appearance of charge in our front. Says the men are digging wells, building huts, and matters progress precisely as they have for a month back. No orders for rations have been given to indicate a movement, and no rumors to that effect. The informant says he lives in Petersburg and was in the city on a visit Friday. He is confident that Hoke's division passed toward their right on that day and the day before. He says that a lieutenant in that division, connected with the division hospital, told him that Grant's cavalry had crossed the Weldon road toward the Lynchburg with the intention of cutting it, and Hoke's division was sent to prevent that result. A deserter from Thomas' brigade, Wilcox's division, that had the right of Pickett's line, says that there was a rumor in his brigade that a North Carolina brigade, cut up in the late fights, was to relieve them and they go to Petersburg. His colonel remarked this in his hearing. Both of these men are very intelligent. A couple of refugees form Richmond say that there are no indications of Early's moving, and that matters in Richmond are unchanged. You may be assured, colonel, that I will use the utmost vigilance to discover any movement of the enemy, and make thorough examination of all deserters and forward you prompt information. Deserters and refugees all say that the impression is that Grant is heavily re-enforced, and that nothing but defensive movements are anticipated on the part of General Lee.

FRED. L. MANNING,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.
HEADQUARTERS, September 17, 1864.

(Received 9.20 p.m.)

Colonel SHARPE,City Point, Va.:

The three brigades still occupy the north bank of the James - Benning's, Gregg's, and Hughs' (Tennessee) brigades, with some cavalry. Lieutenant Davenport has returned.

FRED. L. MANNING,

Captain and Aide-de-Camp.

