
Eighty-fifth Pennsylvania Volunteers will be relieved temporarily by the Sixty-second Ohio Volunteers. The officer of the trenches reports:

Nothing unusual occurred during last night and everything seems quiet this morning. The little firing done by our men last night was caused by the enemy getting up on the top of his high works at the old fort and firing down on our men in the trenches,making it quite march. I stopped the fire as soon as I ascertained our men were doing it.

No casualties have occurred.

Respectfully, your obedient servant,

A. C. VORIS,

Colonel Sixty-seventh Ohio Volunteers, Commanding First Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, TENTH ARMY CORPS, Near Petersburg, Va., September 17, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel ED. W. SMITH,Assistant Adjutant-General, Tenth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I have the honor to report that during the part twenty-four hours the lines of the First Brigade have been extended to the railroad, and the lines of the Second Brigade and Third Brigade contracted, owing to the decrease in number consequent on the withdrawal of parties of the Forty-eighth New York and Fourth New Hampshire Volunteers whose terms of service have expired. All available men have been engaged on fatigue, either during the day or night, at work on the inclosed works on the right, the second line on the line of the Second and Third Brigades, and in strengthening the front line on the left of the railroad.

Very respectfully,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

GENERAL ORDERS, HDQRS. THIRD DIV., 10TH ARMY CORPS,

No. 4. Before Petersburg, Va., September 17, 1864.

In obedience to order from headquarters Tenth Army Corps, the troops composing the Third Division will hereafter compose the First Brigade, Third Division. All regimental reports will hereafter be made direct to these headquarters. The officers composing the former brigade staff will report at once to their regiments for duty.

By command of Colonel F. B. Pond:

M. BAILEY,

Captain and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, Baxter's Mill, September 17, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have returned thus far from the pursuit of Hampton's forces. I followed him to the Jerusalem plank road, and my advance skirmished last night with what I presumed to be his rear guard for some time. I thought it possible it might be Gregg's force and fell

