
back about two miles. This morning I sent a scout to the plank road and found no enemy. As we did not prepare for an expedition, most of the men having been turned out yesterday morning to repel the enemy hastily and before they had breakfast, I deemed it prudent to return, as the enemy must have reached his own lines early this morning. He drove the cattle more than thirty miles and very few were left on the road. I was disappointed in not effecting a junction with General Gregg's forces. The route taken was by Cook's Bridge, coming into the plank road near Major Belcher's house and about two miles from the Nottoway River. I have four or five prisoners that I will send to the provost-marshal-general soon as possible. I have sent a squadron back on the route traveled to pick up a few cattle that broke down yesterday. Orders will reach me at any headquarters near Prince George Court-House.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, Near Prince George Court-House, September 17, 1864-5 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have directed the picket-line to be established as it was. Has General Gregg returned to his headquarters on the plank road? All I could hear was that he was engaged with the enemy on the plank road last evening some distance above or nearer Petersburg than where I struck it, and that he fell back toward Petersburg last night. Small parties of the enemy are strolling all through the country beyond our lines. I have directed the brigade of infantry and the battery to report to you for orders. I could not use them with me yesterday, as they arrived too late, and the distance marched by my command yesterday was impossible for infantry.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION, Near Prince George Court-House, September 17, 1864-5.30 p.m.

Captain H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Division:

CAPTAIN: I have returned to this camp and directed the picket-line to be established as it was. I have been compelled to use the Third New York to assist in completing the line. I followed the enemy yesterday until after 10 o'clock last night, and found him holding the plank road near Major Belcher's house, not far from Freeman's Bridge. I hoped to form a junction with you last night. This morning I learned that you had fallen back on the plank road, and, as the enemy had undoubtedly reached Stony Creek last night, I considered it useless to pursue farther with the small force I had, and returned by the shortest route to this camp. The enemy reached the plank road early yesterday evening, a distance of thirty miles from Sycamore Church. A

57 R R-VOL XLII, PT II

