HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,August 8, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

I think I can capture or drive back the enemy's pickets on my left and occupy their places with my own. They have always confined themselves to watching us, and have not molested our working parities. As the siege operations on my front have been co-operative with General Burnside's preparations for an assault, the driving of these men back might have caused such constant firing on our lines as to have greatly delayed our construction of batteries and approaches, and has therefore been a part of the engineer operations, to be done or not, as the engineers dictated. Our works are now in such state that any more hostile attitude between the two lines will be at least as injurious to the enemy as to ourselves. It will cost us a few lives daily and an expenditure of ammunition and a stoppage of the enemy deserting to us and the information thus obtained. It will prevent him from getting water from the ravine between us, and cause him the same expenditure of ammunition and men as ourselves. If there are no objections made I shall make my arrangement to-day or to-morrow to drive the enemy's pickets back.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 8, 1864-1.25 p. .

Major-General WARREN:

Your written dispatch will be submitted to the major-general commanding as soon as he is disengaged from the Court of Inquiry at the headquarters of the Second Corps.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CONFIDENTIAL.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

August 8, 1864.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

The major-general commanding desires that you will suspend for a day or two driving back the enemy's pickets, as upon leaving here Lieutenant-General Grant requested him to remain strictly on the defensive until his return. The major-general commanding will communicate with you immediately upon the return of the lieutenant-general.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,August 8, 1864-9.15 p. m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

I have the honor to report all quiet in my front during the day. A detail of 400 men is at work to-night at Battery Tilton.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.

