HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 18, 1864-11.45 p.m.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

Some movements of the enemy's cavalry are reported in the vicinity of Sycamore Church, which may indicate a movement elsewhere or a dash at City Point. General Davies is directed to re-enforce General Kautz, to enable him to look after the enemy in the direction of Sycamore Church and to concentrate his force as much as practicable. The commanding general requests that your command be put on the alert, and be prepared to meet any operation of the enemy.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

(Same to Generals Warren and Parke.)
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 18, 1864

Captain W. P. WILSON,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Corps:

CAPTAIN: As the result of an examination of the inclosed work on the left of the plank road known as Fort Crawford, I have the honor to report that in my opinion the work in its present condition is incapable of a proper defense with artillery. The following improvements seem to me to be necessary: First. The banquette at the north and west faces should be of sufficient depth to permit the use of artillery at any point on those faces, or at least the present platform should be so extended as to allow four more guns on each face and facilitate the use of those now in position. Second. Magazines should be erected of sufficient capacity to contain the artillery ammunition required there by permitting the caissons of the light batteries occupying the work to be sent to the rear, as they are not sufficiently covered in the work. The only magazine fit for present use is small, ill-drained, and now filled with infantry ammunition, and one situated near the southeastern angles is partially filled with water and in a stinking condition. If the magazines were situated near the north face they could be easily drained by tunnels. Bomb-proofs should take the place of the traverses at the western face. Other improvements than those above mentioned would perhaps suggest themselves to the eye of an engineer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. M. EDGELL,

Captain, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,September 18, 1864-9 a.m.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

I have the honor to report that since yesterday morning there has nothing of importance transpired in my front. Everything last night was unusually quiet, even the picket-firing subsided. Two deserters from Eighth Georgia were received and forwarded.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.

