
GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 36. September 18, 1864

I. The present opportunity must be employed to re-establish, as far as may be, the tone and condition of the corps, and all officers are urgently called upon the use all the energy in their power to instruct and inspirit their men.

II. Division commanders are required to see that all articles of dress worn by the men are, as far as practicable, uniform, and they will have all articles of dress out of uniform replaced.

III. All officers having cows and those having horses, not entitled to them by regulations will report the same to these headquarters by the 20th instant.

IV. Brigade drills will be had every day until the following maneuvers are fully comprehended: To face by the rear rank; to face by the front rank; to march to the front in line of battle; to march to the rear in line of battle; to change front to rear on the right or left battalion; to change front forward on the right or left battalion; to come by right or left by file into line.

V. All the pioneer corps of this corps will assemble on the plain between these headquarters and the headquarters of General Ayres for rigid inspection at 2 p.m. to-morrow. Every man must be present with all he has, officers' effects included. The inspection will take place without regard to weather.

VI. Officers must at once procure proper insignia to distinguish their rank, and these emblems must be worn upon the shoulders. The men must wear their proper badges on their hats.

VII. The reorganization of the artillery requires the complete control of the chief of artillery over all the batteries, and until further orders all special assignments of batteries to divisions from these headquarters are countermanded.

VIII. A brigade will be selected for inspection and review from each division on Thursday, the 22nd instant, and any unexplained neglect to comprehend the simple maneuvers laid down in paragraph IV will be considered sufficient reason for bringing the commanding officer before a board of examination.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,Numbers 232. September 18, 1864.

I. In compliance with orders from headquarters Army of the Potomac, Company D, First Pennsylvania Veteran Cavalry, will at once proceed with its officers and all its baggage to report to Brigadier General, M. R. Patrick, provost-marshal-general, at headquarters Army of the Potomac. If any of them men belonging to this company are temporarily absent, on picket or otherwise, they will at once be brought in to go with it.

By command of Major-General Warren:

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

