HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,September 18, 1864-9 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS:

I have the honor to report all quiet on the front of the Ninth Corps during the past twenty-four hours.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION, CAVALRY CORPS,September 18, 1864.

Major General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: I have the honor to report all quiet and no changes on cavalry line of pickets during the past night.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. E. DAVIES, JR.,

Brigadier-General of Volunteers, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 18, 1864-11.20 p.m. (Received 12, midnight.)

Brigadier-General DAVIES,

Commanding Cavalry, Army of the Potomac:

To save time, General Kautz sent direct to these headquarters report from his officers picketing in the vicinity of Sycamore Church, that citizens informed them that the enemy's cavalry were advancing on Sycamore Church and also on Cocke's Mill road. The force was stated to be, in one instance, a brigade, in another, a division. Captain Speers saw some twelve or fifteen of the enemy's cavalry on the road followed Friday, a short distance in front of Sycamore Church. Guerrillas have always hovered about there, but not cavalry. If the enemy should be in some force there, it may be in connection with a movement elsewhere, or a dash at City Point. The commanding general directs that you re-enforce General Kautz, so as to enable him to move out in that direction early to-morrow morning and ascertain what force of the enemy is there, and what he is about. The troops should move about 3 a.m., so as to reach General Kautz at daylight. The commanding general enjoins vigilance on the part of your command, and its concentration as far as practicable, so as to be ready for any operation the enemy may have on foot.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND CORPS,September 18, 1864.

Brigadier-General DAVIES,

Commanding Cavalry:

GENERAL: General Hancock directs me to say that in case of necessity be will support your command to-morrow in the vicinity of the plank road with infantry. He has been informed that a part of your command is to be sent from this point to re-enforce General Kautz.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. MORGAN,

Lieutenant-Colonel and Chief of Staff.

