
lunette on the left of the railroad, and one of 300 on the inclosed work on my right, besides details engaged on various parts of the line in repairing the banquette and raising and strengthening the parapet.

Respectfully, yours,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HDQRS. THIRD Brigadier, SECOND DIV., TENTH ARMY CORPS,Near Petersburg, Va., September 18, 1864.

Captain P. A. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Div., Tenth Army Corps:

CAPTAIN: I have the honor to report that the working parties on my front have been employed during the last twenty-four hours in constructing the parapet in rear of the present line and in collecting material for revetment.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. A. OSBORN,

Colonel Twenty-fourth Massachusetts Volunteers, Commanding Brigade.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,September 18, 1864-3.30 p.m.

Captain H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Cavalry Division:

CAPTAIN: No reports have been received from the picket-line, and I only presume that all is quiet from that reason. I will see that the reports are resumed as usual. The losses in the First District of Columbia Cavalry have rendered it necessary to put the Third New York Cavalry on picket, and the line is very insecure, even with this addition, and gives no reserve to support the line. A brigade of infantry is at Prince George Court-House for the present, but I do not know whether it will remain there. I have called for the returns of casualties and reports from the regiments about the affair of the 16th, and will forward them as soon as received. Cannot some changes be made so as not to make the duty so heavy? Most of the men go on post on alternate days.

Very respectfully, &amp;c.,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,September 18, 1864-9.30 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Inclosed I send you reports from the pickets, just received. I do not understand the movement. If there is such a force as represented it must be in connection with some other movement. I have directed the avenues to be guarded as well as possible, but the whole force, by concentrating all the cavalry east of Mount Sinai Church, will not muster over 500 men. I send these reports to your headquarters to save time. Please to notify the general commanding the Second Cavalry Division of the fact.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Cavalry Division.

