
[Inclosure.]
HDQRS. SECOND CAVALRY BRIGADE, KAUTZ'S DIVISION,September 18, 1864-8 p.m.

Captain M. J. ASCH,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General:

CAPTAIN: Inclosed please find report from Major F. A. Stratton. Captain Speers sends word by an orderly that he went out on the road we went out on in pursuit of the rebels some distance, and he saw between twelve and fifteen mounted rebels; that they fell back as he approached them. The citizens reported to Captain Griffin that a brigade of rebel cavalry is advancing on the Cocke's Mill road. He, Captain Griffin, in Captain Speers' absence, drew back his pickets, doubling posts until he connects with the Eleventh Pennsylvania. I have ordered him to picket to Sycamore and to re-establish his picket on the road we went out. Please send further directions if required. Telegraph road on my rear is open to City Point.

Yours,

SAM. WETHERILL,

Major Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, Commanding Brigade.

[Sub-inclosure.]
HEADQUARTERS ELEVENTH PENNSYLVANIA CAVALRY.

Near Rollins' House, September 18, 1864-8 p.m.

Lieutenant GULIC,Actg. Asst. Adjt. General, Second Brigade, Kautz's Division:

SIR: The First District of Columbia sent word to my outpost before sundown that a citizen by the name of Dunn came in and reported that a citizen by the name of Dunn came in and reported that there was a rebel brigade at the Blackwater; that he could hear bugles and see camp-fires, &amp;c. Sergeants Cook and Smith, of Company D, went up to Sycamore Church about sundown. The corporal on picket where the road turns to the right just this side of Sycamore told them that the citizen (the same one) reported a division about two miles out, and that a force was advancing on the telegraph (For Powhatan) road. Captain Speers had gone out to reconnoiter on the latter road. Sergeants C. and S. are certain they heard bugles at a considerable distance while they were there. Smoke could be seen, but whether campfires or fire in the woods was uncertain. I send you all the information I have, thinking that you may not have received a report from Captain Speers.

Respectfully,

FRANKLIN A. STRATTON,

Major Eleventh Pennsylvania Cavalry, Commanding Regiment.
HEADQUARTERS KAUTZ'S CAVALRY DIVISION,

September 18, 1864

Major R. S. DAVIS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Dept. of Va. and N. C.:

MAJOR: I would respectfully call the attention of the general commanding the department to the reduction in this division by the transfer of the greater portion of the First District of Columbia Cavalry to the Army of the Potomac. The division has been otherwise reduced by losses in battle, expiration of service, &c., so much so that it will soon

