HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 19, 1864-1.15 p.m. (Received 1.25 p.m.)

Lieutenant-Colonel COMSTOCK,

Aide-de-Camp, City Point:

General Kautz reports that Captain Speers, on duty at Sycamore Church, in his morning report, states that the enemy are in his front in force, but all was quiet. Colonel Stedman, in command of the brigade sent General Kautz at daylight this morning, has been directed to look after the enemy there, and a report is expected from his this afternoon.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, September 19, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

Have just returned.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 19, 1864-5 p.m. (Received 5.20 p.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT;

I am glad to hear of your return. I sent a dispatch at 3 p.m., since which time nothing has been heard from General Kautz's reconnaissance, though his last dispatch seemed to intimate a doubt as to the presence of the enemy in force near Sycamore Church, though it was twice reported by Colonel [Captain] Speers. In view of the large amount of property about City Point, and extending for some distance outside, I deemed it prudent to ask General Butler to send a spare brigade, if he had one, to Old Court-House. He telegraphed in reply he would send two. As nothing seems to have been developed to-day, I think one brigade will be ample. As you have returned, however, I will leave this question to you.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 19, 1864-5.20 p.m. (Received 5.30 p.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I send a dispatch* just received from Kautz. It appears Captain Speers' report last evening, repeated this morning, is not confirmed by Colonel Stedman's reconnaissance, and that there has been no enemy in that vicinity since the cattle raid. I would, however, suggest, if it meets your views, one of Butler's brigades being retained for awhile at Old Court-House,for I notice by the Richmond paper of to-day that very highly-colored accounts are given of the stores, &amp;c., at City Point, and a sudden dash, such as was made the other morning, if made during the night, might occasion trouble.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

---------------

*See Kautz to Humphreys, 4 p.m., p. 932.

---------------

