
should prove to be a success, and that a very large anchor has been sunk at the upper obstructions to enable the gun-boats to be warped through them when it shall be necessary for them to retire up the river. Our agent had information which he believes to be reliable, that the torpedo party, who had been doing nothing for two or three weeks, left Richmond on Saturday night with a wagon-load of torpedoes, and it was expected that they would attempt to put them in the water somewhere between the mouth of the Chickahominy and Jamestown Island. This information was obtained from an officer of the rank of captain, who has been out with the torpedo party several times before, and who, on Saturday, upon being asked about some preparations for departure, gave the above as the reason. Papers brought by the men are inclosed.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 19, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: Ten deserters have just been forwarded, representing Wise's, Scales' and Thomas' brigades. Three from Scales' brigade, Thirty-eighth North Carolina Regiment, report that their brigade is lying across the Weldon railroad directly in front of the lead-works, with McGowan and Lane on the right. This comprises all of Wilcox's division excepting Thomas' brigade, which is on the north side of the Appomattox. A deserter from the Thirty-fifth Georgia, Thomas' brigade, came into the lines of the Tenth Army Corps at 10 a.m. yesterday. He reports that his brigade (Thomas') extends from the Appomattox at a point opposite Beauregard's line to Pickett's division, a distance of four miles. This is the only brigade between the above points. Deserters from Forty-sixth Virginia, Wise's brigade, report no change on their line up to daylight this a.m., when they came in . Hoke's division had returned from the right and went into camp yesterday about noon in a ravine about half a mile to the rear of Bushrod Johnson's division. No other movements determined from the examination.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. BABCOCK.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 19, 1864

Colonel SHARPE,

City Point:

Deserters from Scales' brigade locate Wilcox's division on right, Scales' across the Weldon railroad at lead-works, and Lane and McGowan to right. Thomas' brigade holds line from Pickett's division to point on Appomattox opposite Beauregard. Hoke's division returned from the right yesterday morning and is now in camp half a mile to rear of Johnson's division in a ravine. Seven deserters from Wise's brigade to-day.

J. C. B.[ABCOCK].

58 R R-VOL XLII, PT II

