
my judgment, from Old Court-House to the west and northwest by Peterson Batte's to Cobb's house, passing either by the west of Temple house ruins or on the ridge one-third of a mile south of those ruins.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.

CITY POINT, September 19, 1864-7.30 p.m.

General A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

I have just learned from a messenger sent to Point of Rocks that the two brigades from General Butler crossed the pontoon bridge between 6 and 7 o'clock, and are now moving to the positions assigned them. My aide informs me that these brigades together do not amount to 1,500 men, and they may not be over 1,200.

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General.

CITY POINT, September 19, 1864

General WILLIAMS:

General Benham is now out to select the position for new works, by order of General Humphreys. There are 660 men in this brigade- Colonel Gates has about 460 colored troops and 200 white; there is also a Maine battery here with four guns and 120 men.

C. CLAPP,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,City Point, Va., September 19, 1864-12.30 a.m.

Major OTIS,

Commanding Dismounted Camp:

I am directed by General H. W. Benham to say to you that he has just received intelligence from the headquarters Army of the Potomac that the enemy's cavalry are making some movement in the vicinity of Sycamore Church. This information is sent you that you may be on the alert, and if you deem it expedient send your horses to this place. If by any possibility you have any mounted men it is very desirable either that you send them out yourself or order them to report to me here for orders for scouting.

Respectfully,

CHANNING CLAPP,

Assistant Adjutant-General
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,City Point, Va., September 19, 1864-1 a.m.

Captain E. J. STRANG:

The general commanding has received, as commander of the post here, information from headquarters Army of the Potomac that the enemy' cavalry are making a demonstration in the vicinity of Sycamore Church. He sends you this intelligence that you may be in readi-

