HDQRS. SECOND Brigadier, SECOND DIV., CAVALRY CORPS,September 19, 1864.

Captain H. C. WEIR

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Div., Cavalry Corps:

In accordance with instructions from headquarters Second Cavalry Division, a battalion of the First Maine Cavalry, commanded by Captain John A. Heald, left camp at 3.30 this a.m. and proceeded, via Lee's Mill, to Proctor's. At Temple's Shop met a rebel picket, whom they charged and drove back to a small reserve between that point and Proctor's. There a few shots were exchanged, when the party fled, leaving in our possession tow carbines, several haversacks, cartridge-boxes, and shelter-tents. They were closely pursued as far as Proctor's. The battalion halted a Proctor's and sent out scouting parties on the different roads in that vicinity, but saw no enemy.

I am,very respectfully, your obedient servant,

C. H. SMITH,

Colonel, Commanding Brigade.

CITY POINT, VA., September 19, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER:

Please send me an approximate report of the number of men for duty between the James and Appomattox.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,September 19, 1864-6.20 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

We have 4,500 infantry (old troops), 4,000 new Pennsylvania troops, 2,500 negro troops at Deep Bottom and 1,000 at Dutch Gap. Two brigades of 1,000 each have gone across river to City Point, now on the march.

BENJ. F. BUTLER,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 19, 1864-1 p.m. (Received 1.15 p.m.)

Major-General BUTLER:

I send you a dispatch* just received from General Kautz, the first since last night when I telegraphed. Colonel Stedman commands the brigade of cavalry sent to Kautz to enable him to ascertain what the enemy were about. I had expected this information would be obtained this morning. I am at a loss to account for the appearance of the enemy at this point unless a dash at our rear is intended. I have placed a brigade of infantry on the Norfolk stage road and another at Prince George Court-House, but have no troops to extend any farther. I would therefore suggest if it meets your views, and you have any troops to spare, that for the present a brigade be sent to occupy Old

---------------

*See Kautz to Humphreys, 12 m., p. 931.

---------------

