HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,September 19, 1864.

Brigadier-General STANNARD,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: I am instructed by the major-general commanding to say that two brigades of the Second Division of the corps have been ordered away temporarily, and that in case the enemy should threaten an attack you will have to send a portion of your force to the support of General Heckman. General Heckman will be directed to call upon you for troops in case of need.

Very respectfully,

THEODORE READ,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,September 19, 1864.

Brigadier General C. A. HECKMAN,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs that your order two strong brigades of your division to march at once, via Point of Rocks bridge, to City Point, to report to Brigadier-General Benham at the latter point. A staff officer from General Benham will probably meet the command at Point of Rocks; if not, it will proceed direct to City Point, a staff officer being sent on to announce the command to General Benham. As great dispatch is required, the command must move without wagons of any kind and three days' rations be sent after them his afternoon.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

THEODORE READ,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ENGINEER BRIGADE,City Point, Va., September 19, 1864

General KAUTZ,

Commanding Cavalry, near Sycamore Church:

Having been directed by General Meade to take command of the defenses at this point, and understanding that you are now at the front near Sycamore Church, where the enemy are supposed to be, I shall be obliged if you will send me word as to the entire disappearance of the rebels from your front, or as to the probabilities of their approach from that direction at any time. I would suggest that, if you have anything to communicate to headquarters perhaps the quickest way would be to send direct to the telegraph office here and have the dispatches sent over the wires. I offer this merely as a suggestion, not knowing your facilities of communication.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. W. BENHAM,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

