
of that place. The result of all our inquiries on this head is, that this report originated in the fact that early yesterday a party of Yankee raiders, whose number is not known, visited Rapidan bridge, and after destroying it proceeded to Liberty Mills, five or six miles above, which they also destroyed. From this latter place they are supposed to have gone back to Culpeper.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., September 20, 1864

Major-General MEADE:

General Lee claims in an official dispatch that in driving back our pickets on the left they captured 90 men from us. In the cavalry fight he claims to have captured 300 prisoners, a large amount of horses, and some arms, besides 2,500 cattle. The ease with which our men of late fall into the hands of the enemy would indicate that they are rather willing prisoners.

U. S. GRANT.

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 20, 1864. (Sent 9.10 a.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I have sent to Warren and Davies for official reports of their losses on the 16th and 17th instant. Warren's loss in the reconnaissance of the 16th was slight, but on the 17th, simultaneously with the cavalry raid a dash was made along the whole length of Warren's picket-line, and I should not be surprised if they picked up a number of prisoners. Kautz lost nearly the whole of the First District of Columbia Cavalry besides many of his pickets; his estimate, however, was not as large as Lee reports, 300.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General

CITY POINT, VA., September 20, 1864-11 a.m.

Major-General MEADE:

General Gregg told me on the way up to Baltimore that his division of cavalry now numbered 6,000 for duty. This gives us a cavalry force of over 9,000 men all told. I want such disposition made of the cavalry at once as will give from 3,000 to 4,000 ready for a service, which I will make known to you either by letter or by calling on you.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC

September 20, 1864-11 a.m.(Received 11.15 a.m.)

Lieutenant-General GRANT;

I have nothing of particular importance to report this morning beyond what has already been communicated in special dispatches. The enemy yesterday opened from a heavy gun, said to be a 7-inch Brooke placed in their second line on Cemetery Ridge back of the mine. Measures are being taken to reply to this piece and silence it. There

