
seems to be reliable evidence that Hoke's division has returned to the left of the enemy's line, but instead of resuming its former position in the trenches it is massed in rear behind Cemetery Ridge.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 20, 1864-11.10 a.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

I propose to visit you at City Point to-day if you are going to be at your quarters and you have no objection.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding .

CITY POINT, September 20, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

I shall be at home all day and will be glad to see you here. Admiral Porter and the Assistant Secretary of the Navy will be here.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 20, 1864-12.30 p.m.

Lieutenant-General GRANT:

General Gregg's last official report for the 10th instant gives the aggregate present for duty, officers and men, 3,898. Kautz does not make any returns, but I understood from him that his four regiments averaged about 400 for duty. As one, the First District of Columbia, has been nearly destroyed in the recent raid, I should estimate Kautz, at not more than 1,500 effectives; this, allowing for increase of recruits since last return, would give at the outside about 5,500 for all the cavalry available for duty. I will instruct Generals Davies and Kautz to hold their commands in readiness for your orders. In the absence of these orders I do not know of any different disposition except to concentrate Davies' division, about 4,000, and leave the picketing from the infantry left to Kautz.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

I have called for returns from Davies and Kautz to date.

WALTHALL HOUSE SIGNAL STATION,

September 20, 1864-6 p.m.

Major FISHER, Chief Signal Officer:

All quiet this p.m. The enemy still working on breast-works to our right of Clifton and on fort southwest of the town. The following has been intercepted:

10 A. M.

Colonel B[RENT]:

The camps to our left of open space have decreased, only nine tents remaining. One gun-boat above pontoon.

J. A. S.,

At C.

