
22, from headquarters Tenth Army Corps, be in readiness to move at 7.30 a. m. to-morrow, August 9, with three days' rations in their haversacks and with their shelter-tents. The men will be fully armed and equipped. Lieutenant Sawyer, aide-de-camp, will report at your headquarters at the hour above named for the purpose of conducting the detail to the Crow's Nest, where they will report to Major Ludlow, of General Butler's staff.

By order of Brigadier General A. H. Terry:

A. TERRY,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS EIGHTEENTH ARMY CORPS,In the Field, Va., August 8, 1864.

Brigadier-General AMES,

Commanding Second Division:

GENERAL: The general commanding directs me to call your attention to the fact that two deserters came into our lines last evening, arriving on or near the picket-line Second Division, just before our pickets were posted. They state that they remained concealed within twenty-five yards of our rifle-pits awaiting the arrival of our pickets, and were not challenged till within ten paces of them, owing to the thick corn and our pickets arriving on the line late. This should not be allowed to occur again. Please have the picket officer instructed to post their outer line as soon as it can be done under cover of darkness, and before and while it is being done the men in the trenches will be kept on the alert. Direct the brigades successively on duty in the front lines to enlarge the trenches so that men can act freely. For that purpose have them supplied with picks and shovels. The abatis in front of the Second Division should at once be strengthened. For this purpose make a detail of 100 men from those not on duty to cut and transport the abatis, so that to-night it can be placed in position.

By command of major-General Ord:

GEO. W. KELLEY,

Lieutenant and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. SECOND BRIGADE, SECOND CAVALRY DIVISION,Picket-Post, August 8, 1864-evening.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff, Army of the Potomac:

SIR: I have the honor to report that this brigade relieved the First Brigade of Second Division, Cavalry Corps, commanded by Colonel Stedman, of the Sixth Ohio Cavalry, and that there has been no changes made in the line. All quiet on the line.

I am, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,

M. KERWIN,

Colonel, Commanding Second Brigade, Second Cavalry Division.

CITY POINT, August 9, 1864-11.45 a. m.

Major-General HALLECK,

Washington, D. C.:

Five minutes ago an ordnance boat exploded, carrying lumber, grape, canister, and all kinds of shot over this point. Every part of the yard used as my headquarters is filled with splinters and fragments of shell.

