HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 20, 1864-11.15 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

I think proper to inform you that a cavalry officer reported to an officer of General Miles' staff that the enemy's infantry had fired upon our cavalry picket on the Reams' Station road this evening. I do not know whether this is to be credit or not, but give it for what it is worth.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 20, 1864-8.45 p.m. (Received 10 p.m.)

Major-General PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

I have relieved the cavalry pickets from the plank road to the Davenport Church. I am informed that your pickets are one mile to my rear, where they strike the plank road. This will leave the Reams' Station road open and expose my pickets to be taken in rear.

I also understand that General Ferrero was out the plank road this evening to the point where the cavalry pickets cross it, and considered it too far to the front for the infantry pickets. It is between three and four miles to the front of our line, but I referred the matter this afternoon to General Meade, who directed that the infantry pickets should be placed about on the line picketed by the cavalry.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General, Commanding.

(Copy to General Humphreys.)
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,September 20, 1864

General HANCOCK:

Your dispatch received. I will directed the officer in command of the left of my picket-line to connect with and cover you right on the plank road. When the left of my line was posted the position was shown to an officer of your command.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,September 20, 1864, (Received 11 p.m.)

Major-General HANCOCK:

One of my staff officers will start out at daylight to-morrow to locate our picket-line on the line indicated in dispatch from headquarters Army of the Potomac of 10.15 p.m. and establish a connection with your right on the plank road. My line, as occupied this evening, conforms nearly with the line indicated.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

