
to relieve the cavalry picket from the plank road over to Davenport Church, the right resting on the plank road. The detail will march by the headquarters of the cavalry, where a staff officer of the cavalry will be found to go with the officer commanding the detail. If the officer in charge of the detail be sent to these headquarters he will receive further instructions.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

W. P. WILSON,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,September 20, 1864

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

I have the honor to report that nothing of importance transpired in my front yesterday or last night; all very quiet. The enemy's cavalry pickets on the road running west from Vaughan asked for some of our orders respecting deserters. A parcel was sent out to them yesterday afternoon.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 20, 1864-9.30 a.m.

Major General G. K. WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

The Richmond papers claim that your losses in the affairs of the 16th and 17th amounted to between 60 and 80. The commanding general desires that you will report, with as little delay as practicable, your losses in killed, wounded, and missing on those occasions.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,September 20, 1864.

General MEADE:

I notice in the order of General Sherman he orders Atlanta to be inscribed on the flags of his army. Some of our regiments put these things on without orders or authority, and I think the Governor of Pennsylvania has issued orders authorizing the names of battles to be inscribed.

Respectfully,

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 20, 1864-10.45 a.m. (Received 11.30 a.m.)

Major General G. K. WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

I am directed by the commanding general to acknowledge your two dispatches of yesterday and to-day in relation to inscriptions on flags.

