HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,September 20, 1864-2.25 p.m

Major-General WARREN:

I have just received orders to relieve the line of cavalry pickets from a point south of the Gurley house to the plank road in the vicinity of the church. I am directed to connect with you on the right at such a point as we may mutually agree upon. I will go over to your headquarters and determine this point with you and bring you a sketch of the ground.

J. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

SIGNAL STATION IN FRONT OF FIFTH CORPS,

September 20, 1864-1.05 p.m.

Colonel LOCKE:

At 10 a.m. eleven wagons, loaded with hay, passed to our left on plank road. At 12.30 seventeen wagons passed to our left, apparently loaded.

Respectfully,

GEO. J. CLARKE,

First Lieutenant, Signal Corps, U. S. Army.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 20, 1864-3.45 p.m. (Received 4.10 p.m.)

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

It was the intention of the commanding general that the infantry pickets should occupy nearly the line of the cavalry pickets. These it is understood were posted along the road running from Wyatt's in a southeasterly direction to the intersection of a road from Gary's Church to Reams' Station, then up that road to Gary's Church, or near there, crossing the plank road in that vicinity. Probably the cavalry pickets were passed a little beyond the line I have indicated after General Gregg was directed to push them out as far as practicable, but never reported how far out he had pushed them.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,September 20, 1864

Brigadier-General GRIFFIN,

Commanding First Division:

Instructions have been received to extend the infantry picket-line so as to relieve the cavalry, who are to be withdrawn. The general

commanding wishes you to have 500 men ready to send out, and an officer will be sent to you to assist in establishing the picket-line as soon as its location is agreed upon.

FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

