HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 20, 1864-4 p.m. (Received 4.30 p.m.)

Major-General PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

It was the intention of the commanding general that you should occupy the line of the cavalry pickets or nearly that line. Gregg picketed from the Wyatt house on a road running southwest from there until it intersected a road running from Gary's Church to Reams' Station, then up that road to Gary's Church, crossing the plank road in that vicinity. It was the intention of the commanding general that the infantry picket-line should run across from Wyatt's to Gary's Church, &amp;c. Gregg did not report how far he had pushed out his pickets after you requested him to push them out as far as possible.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 20, 1864-10.15 p.m. (Received 10.20 p.m.)

Major-General PARKE,

Commanding Ninth Corps:

It is reported from the Second Corps that your pickets are one mile to the rear of those of the Second Corps on the plank road. The commanding general directs that your line be so modified as to connect with that of the Second Corps at the point designated.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS NINTH ARMY CORPS,September 20, 1864-10.40 p.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

Dispatch 10.15 received. I have ordered the left of my picket-line to be advanced to-night to connect with and cover the right of General Hancock's line. The line that we took up this evening conforms as nearly with the line indicated in your dispatch striking the plank road at Wascher's or Lucado's. I have directed a staff officer to go out at daylight to-morrow, establish close connection with General Warren's and General Hancock's lines, and locate our line between the points of junction on the most favorable ground.

JNO. G. PARKE,

Major-General.

[Indorsement.]

It would seem from this that the line taken up by General Parke's pickets did not conform to that prescribed but to the one ordered for to-morrow.

A. A. H[UMPHREYS].

