
I do not know yet what the casualties are beyond my own headquarters. Colonel Babcock is slightly wounded in hand and 1 mounted orderly is killed and 2 or 3 wounded and several horses killed. The damage at the wharf must be considerable both in life and property. As soon as the smoke clears away I will ascertain and telegraph you.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 9, 1864-2.30 p. m.

Captain E. S. PARKER,

Asst. Adjt. General, Hdqrs. Lieutenant-General Grant, City Point:

Please direct Colonel C. P. Stone, Fourteenth U. S. Infantry, to report at the expiration of his leave to Major General G. K. Warren, commanding Fifth Army Corps.

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, Va., August 9, 1864.

Admiral S. P. LEE:

Your letter of the 24th instant [ultimo],* inclosing communication relative to the withdrawal of iron-clads from the James River, was duly received. Owing to my absence from here most of the time since the receipt of your letter, it has not been answered earlier. Whilst I believe we will never require iron-clad vessels to meet those of the enemy, I think it would be imprudent to withdraw them. At least two such vessels, in my judgment, should be kept in the upper James. They stand a constant threat to the enemy and prevent him taking the offensive. There is no disguising the fact that if the enemy should take the offensive on the water, although we probably would destroy his whole James River navy, such damage would be done our shipping and stores, all accumulated on the water near where the conflict would begin, that our victory would be dearly bought.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 9, 1864-11.50 a. m.

Brigadier-General INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster Armies in the Field, City Point:

Was that explosion at City Point? What was it?

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.

CITY POINT, August 9, 1864.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

A barge laden with ordnance stores was accidentally blown up just now while lying at the wharf. There has been considerable destruction

---------------

*See Vol. XL, Part III, p. 427.

---------------

