
twenty-four hours. Fatigue details amounting in all to 600 men were at work during the night on Fort McGilvery, the lunette, and the rifle-pits on the right and left of Fort McGilvery. Quite a number of deserters came into my lines during the night of the 18th instant, but were not reported to me early enough to be mentioned in my report of yesterday.

Respectfully, yours,

R. S. FOSTER,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS CAVALRY DIVISION,September 20, 1864-11.30 a.m.

Captain H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Second Cavalry Division:

CAPTAIN: The picket reports are in, and all is reported quiet. Small parties show themselves at point along the line, but no force. The commanding officer of the brigade on the left reports that he has not men enough to hold down to Cocke's Mill; the telegraph road is therefore open in that direction. It should be held if only to intercept our own deserters that are constantly escaping in that direction. The demoralization of the First District of Columbia Cavalry, in consequence of the affair of the 16th, and the capture of the greater portion of the officers, seems to be the main cause of the alarm in that vicinity. They are in a fit state to snatch at any story afloat. The sooner the transfer to the First Maine is effected the better. Special Orders, Numbers 92, has just been received, which will correct the line as recommended.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

AUGUST V. KAUTZ,

Brigadier-General, Commanding Division.

NORFOLK, VA., September 20, 1864.

Major-General BUTLER,

Point of Rocks, Va.:

We have neither heard nor seen anything of the enemy.

Respectfully, &amp;c.,

GEO. F. SHEPLEY,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, VA., September 21, 1864.

(Received 10.30 a.m.)

Honorable E. B. WASHBURNE:

I have no objection to the President using anything I have ever written to him as he sees fit. I think, however, for him to attempt to answer all the charges the opposition will bring against him will be like setting a maiden to work to prove her chastity.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.

