SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,Numbers 255. September 21, 1864.

1. General Orders, Numbers 19, of February 22, 1862, from the Headquarters of the Army, provides that there shall be inscribed upon the colors or guidons of all regiments and batteries in the service of the United States the names of the battles in which they have borne a meritorious part, and to the end that said order may be carried out in this army, each corps and independent commander will at once appoint a board of three officers to examine into the services of the regiments or batteries comprising his command and to report what regiments and batteries are entitled to have inscriptions on their flags, together with the names of the battles in which such troops have borne a meritorious part. The reports of the boards will be transmitted to these headquarters at as early a day as practicable.

* * * * * *

9. By direction of the War Department, the One hundred and eighty-seventh Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers will proceed to Philadelphia, Pa., and report for duty to Major-General Cadwalader, commanding at that place. The quartermaster's department will furnish the necessary transportation.

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,

September 21, 1864.

The names of the field-works constructed along the lines of this army, together with their armaments and garrisons, are indicated in the accompanying printed statement. The armaments and garrisons designated for the forts, lettered from A to N, inclusive, will at once be specially directed from these headquarters; the garrisons will be furnished by the corps on whose front the forts are situated. The batteries will, for the present, be occupied as under existing arrangements. The location of the several works is shown on the accompanying sketch.*

By command of Major-General Meade:

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Inclosure.]

List of Field-Works, their Armaments and Garrisons.

Field-works.	Name	 Armament.	Garrison	Locality

(men)

Battery 1	 -	Pierced for four	 	In front of

guns		Rushmore

-	house, and

opposite

Fort

Clifton

Battery 2	 -	Pierced for four		Near

guns	 -	Walthall's,

directly in

front.

Battery 3	 -	Pierced for four	 -	On ridge.

guns

Battery 4	 -	Pierced for four	 -	Near

guns. *Three 30-pounder Parrotts;		Jordan's

one 13-inch siege

mortar.

---------------

*To appear in the Atlas.

---------------

