
List of Field-Works, their Armaments and Garrisons-Continued.

Field-works	Name.	Armament.	Garrison	Locality.

(men).

Battery 33	 -	Pierced for four	 -

guns. *Two field

guns.

Battery 34	 -	Pierced for four	 -

guns. *Two field

guns.

Redoubt O	Fort	Pierced for six guns.	 200	Gurley's

Davison	*Six field guns.		house.

Battery 35	 -	Pierced for four	 -

guns. *Two field

guns.

Redoubt P	Fort	Pierced for twelve	 150	Near

McMahon	guns. *Six field		Smith's.

guns.

Redoubt Q	First	Pierced for twenty-seven guns. *Twelve	 500	Near

Stevenson.	field guns.		Williams'

house.

Battery 36	 -	Pierced for twenty-eighth guns.	 -	In front

of

Williams'

house.

Battery 37	 -	Pierced for seven	 -	Chimney's

guns. *Four field		(Alley's),

guns.		near plank

road.

Battery 38	 -	Pierced for eight	 -

guns. *Two field

guns.

Redoubt R	Fort	Pierced for twelve	 150	On plank

Blaisdell.	guns. *Four field		road.

guns.

Battery 39	 -	Pierced for six guns.	 -

*Two field guns.

Redoubt S	Fort	Pierced for eight	 200	Near Mrs.

Kelly	guns. *Four field		Smith's.

guns.

Battery 40	 -	Pierced for six guns.	 -	Near T.

*Two field guns.		Jones'.

Battery 41	 -	Pierced for six guns.	 -	Near

*Two field guns.		Norfolk

railroad.

Redoubt T	Fort	Pierced for twenty	 300	Near

Bross	guns. *Four field		Well's,on

guns.		Norfolk

and

Petersburg

Railroad.

NOTE.-The armaments and garrisons of the redoubts and batteries as above designated (*) are those proposed for the defense of the line upon the withdrawal of the main force of the army for active operations upon other lines.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 19, 1864.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

September 21, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS,

Asst. Adjt. General, HDQRS. Armies of the United States:

Colonel Egan is entitled to promotion. He was the first on my list made some time since of those officers who commanded troops. He should date, if possible, from the day he took the enemy's redoubt by assault at the North Anna, May 23, 1864. I recommended my chief of staff first; I desire him promoted.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 21, 1864-9 a.m.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: There have been no changes in the position of my troops on the front line since yesterday's report. General Miles relieved the cavalry pickets yesterday evening from the plank road to Davenport

