
of property and loss of life. No officers were killed. The shock was terrific, and of course unlocked for. It is probable we shall never know how the accident occurred. One of your office wagon horses was killed. We are clearing away the ruins at the river.

RUFUS INGALLS,

Chief Quartermaster.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 9, 1864.

Major J. C. DUANE,

Acting Chief Engineer:

SIR: The major-general commanding directs that you take the necessary erasures to provide, with as little delay as practicable, a sufficient supply of intrenching tools for the use of the fatigue parties detailed for work on the entrenchments. The commanding general decides that the intrenching tools now ordered to be kept on hand at corps headquarters are not, as a general rule, to be used for this purpose.

I am, your very obedient servant,

S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,August 9, 1864.

Colonel SHARPE:

City Point, Va.:

Five prisoners of war just sent in by Fifth Corps are from Colquitt's and Clingman's brigades. They state that Clingman was relieved in the trenches by Ransom's brigade at 10 o'clock this morning. That Mahone's, Colquitt's, and Clingman's brigades aide a charge on left flank of Fifth Corps at 3 o'clock this p. m. When informants left they had driven in our skirmish line and were still advancing. They know of no troops coming from north of Appomattox. They state that they saw D. H. Hill this morning and think he is on Beauregard's staff.

J. MCENTEE,

Captain, &amp;c.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC, OFFICE OF THE PROVOST-MARSHAL-GENERAL,August 9, 1864.

Major-General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

GENERAL: A deserter from the First Confederate Battalion has just been received. he came into our lines about dark last night. He is from Davis' brigade, Heth's division, Hill's corps; reports no change in the enemy's position; states that are only four divisions of the enemy south of the Appomattox, viz: Heth's, Mahone's, Hoke's and Bushrod Johnson's which are posted as reported yesterday; has no further information. Saw yesterday's Richmond papers; they admit the passage of the forts in Mobile harbor by Farragut's fleet, and the sinking of three of their vessels.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JNO. C. BABCOCK.

