
for back there in a few days; also, that if we did not attack soon Lee would. I think our policy for the present will be to hold ourselves ready to receive an attack. If not engaged to-morrow I will go out to see you and inform you fully of what my general plans now are.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel T. S. BOWERS:

I learn that the one hundred and ninety-eighth Regiment Pennsylvania Volunteers, Colonel H. G. Sickel, has arrived at City Point. Colonel Sickel formerly served in the Army of the Potomac, and, if consistent with the views of the lieutenant-general commanding, I should be glad to have the regiment assigned to my command. Should it be directed to report to me, I propose to place it in the Fifth Army Corps.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General, Commanding.

CITY POINT, September 22, 1864.

Major-General MEADE:

General Grant directs me to say that the One hundred and ninety-eighth Pennsylvania Volunteers will be assigned to your command.

GEO. K. LEET,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

[Indorsement.]

SEPTEMBER 22, 1864-10.30 p.m.

Let this regiment when it reports be assigned to the Fifth Corps.

GEO. G. MEADE,

Major-General.

CITY POINT, September 22, 1864.

JOHN C. BABCOCK,

Headquarters Army of the Potomac:

Our agent left Richmond yesterday about 2 p.m., up to which time nothing was publicly known of Early's defeat. The clerks in the War Department reported during the day that Early might soon be expected to return. All business has been suspended in Richmond for sixty days, and the five city battalions have been notified to that effect. Deserters from this army are being put in the Tredegar and other Government works, to enable the men whom they replace to do military duty. It was a current rumor among officers of Lee's army that if they were not attacked soon it would be necessary for them to attack us, and that preparations to that effect were being made. The two pontoon bridges between Drewry's and Chaffin's Bluff have been taken up, and so far as could be learned had not been replaced up to yesterday morning. No movement of troops whatever could be ascertained.

GEORGE H. SHARPE,

Colonel, &amp;c.

(Copy to Lieutenant J. I. Davenport, aide-de-camp, headquarters Department of Virginia and North Carolina.)

