HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 22, 1864-2.30 p.m. (Received 2.40 p.m.)

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

General Davies will be ordered to-day to re-establish the cavalry pickets from Gary's Church to Davenport Church, &amp;c., and inform you as soon as they are posted. The commanding general directs that upon being so informed you withdraw your pickets between the plank road and Davenport Church, and recall the brigade sent to the vicinity of the Finn house, on the plank road.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 22, 1864-2.30 p.m.

General HUMPHREYS:

I would suggest that if not too late Fort Kelly be called Fort Patrick Kelly, as several officers of this name are known. It may be too late to take any action on the matter now, but I regret that one of the works could not have been named after colonel McKeen, one of the best known and most deserving officers of this corps. Fort Blaisdell might be changed to Fort McKeen as this would give two from the First and Third Divisions, instead of one and three as now. The fort at Prince George might be called after McKeen. Paragraph 2 of the confidential circular requires the armament to be at once placed in the works. Am I responsible for this, or the chief of artillery?

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 22, 1864. (Sent 5.30 p.m.)

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

I don't see any difficulty in adding the first name of Colonel Kelly to the fort so that it will read Fort Patrick Kelly. Probably the best way of introducing Colonel McKeen's name would be as you suggested, to give it to the fort at Prince George Court-House. Probably you have seen and conversed with General Meade since sending the dispatch respecting placing the armaments in the forts. I should say that it was intended that the corps commander should be responsible for it. The armaments of the forts and batteries from the Norfolk railroad to the plank road are under your orders, and should be disposed of by you in accordance with the confidential circular if they do not conform to it now.

A. A. HUMPHREYS,

Major-General and Chief of Staff.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 22, 1864-6.10 p.m.

General HUMPHREYS,

Chief of Staff:

You will notice that the armament in some cases consists of guns not in the artillery of the corps. This is why I asked the question. It will

