SPECIAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,Numbers 241. Jones' House, before Petersburg, September 22, 1864.

I. In accordance with Special Orders, Numbers 255, headquarters Army of the Potomac, September 21, 1864, Brigadier General N. A. Miles, U. S. Volunteers, Colonel R. McAllister, Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, and Captain R. Bruce Ricketts, First Pennsylvania Artillery, are hereby constituted a board to examine into the services of the regiments and batteries comprising this command, and to report what regiments and batteries are entitled to have inscriptions on their flags, together with the names of the battles in which said troops have borne a meritorious part. The reports of the Board will be transmitted to these headquarters at as early a day as possible.

* * * * * *

By command of Major-General Hancock:

H. H. BINGHAM,

Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

CIRCULAR.] HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

September 22, 1864.

The following names have been designated by the commanding general for the batteries and redoubts on the line occupied by this corps, with the armament and garrison set opposite each:

Work and locality.	Name.	Armament.	Garrison

(men.)

One-gun battery on the	Battery 18	One field gun	 -

Norfolk railroad on

front line.

Inclosed work	Redoubt E,	Three field	 100

immediately on the	Fort Meikel.	guns

left of the Norfolk

railroad on front.

Two-gun battery	Battery 19	Two field guns	 -

immediately on the

left of Fort Meikel.

Inclosed work on the	Redoubt F,	Six field guns	 180

left of Battery 19,	or Fort

formerly 10-inch	Rice.

mortar battery.

Two-gun battery on	Battery 20

-------

-

left of Fort Rice

Four-gun battery next	Battery 21	Four guns.	 -

on right of work

hitherto known as Fort

Hell.

Work on plank road	Redoubt G,	Four 4 1/2-inch	 800

hitherto known as Fort	or Fort	Rodman, two

Hell, with additional	Sedgwick.	siege

work on the left of		howitzers,

the road.		eight field

guns.

Large square redoubt	Redoubt H,	Eight field	 550

on left of plank road	or Fort	guns.

hitherto known as Fort	Davis.

Crawford.

Battery in front of	Battery 22

--------

-

Fort Davis on right of

plank road.

Battery on right of	Battery 23

---------

-

plank road between

Chieves' house and

Fort Davis.

Inclosed work on plank	Redoubt I,

---------

-

road opposite the	or fort

Jones house.	Prescott.

Inclosed work near	Redoubt K,	Four field	 300

Strong's house.	or Fort	guns.

Alex. Hays.

REAR LINE.

Fort on plank road	Redoubt R,	Four field	 150

near the Finn house	or Fort	guns.

Blaisdell.

Battery between plank	Battery 39	Two field guns.	 -

road and Widow Smith's

Inclosed work at Widow	Redoubt S,	 do	 200

Smith's	or Fort

Patrick

Kelly

Battery near T. Jones'	Battery 40	Two guns.	 -

Battery near Norfolk	Battery 41	 do	 -

railroad

Inclosed work near	Redoubt T,	Four guns.	 300

Norfolk railroad near	or Fort

Spicer's.	Bross.

The armament and garrison of the forts lettered from E to K, inclusive, will at once be placed in them, and regarded as permanent, to be moved only under special directions from headquarters of the army.

