
The batteries will at present be occupied as under existing arrangements. General Mott will at once assign the designated garrison to each of the inclosed works, described as above, and assign a suitable officer to the command of each. As soon as the assignment is made, and the works occupied in accordance with the order, General Mott will report the fact, together with the description of the details for garrisons and the names of commanding officers. Whenever it may become necessary to occupy the rear line the commanding officer of the First Division will garrison Forts Patrick Kelly and Blaisdell, and the commanding officer of the Second Division, Fort Bross, with the strength directed herein. The armament and garrison of the redoubts and batteries as above designated are those proposed for the defense of the line upon the withdrawal of the main force of the army for active operations elsewhere.

By order of Major-General Hancock:

H. H. BINGHAM,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. ARTILLERY BRIGADE, SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 22, 1864.

Brigadier General H. J. HUNT,

Chief of Artillery, Army of the Potomac:

I have the honor to report no change in the enemy's lines in our front observed or reported and but one or two shots fired during the past twenty-four hours. Woerner's battery has relieved McKnight' in Fort Hays.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

F. M. EDGELL,

Captain, Commanding.

(Copy to Captain W. P. Wilson, acting assistant adjutant-general, Second Corps).
HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 22, 1864.

Brigadier General N. A. MILES,

Commanding First Division:

GENERAL: The major-general commanding directs me to inform you that you pickets between the plank road and Davenport Church, together with the brigade in the vicinity of the Finn house, will be withdrawn as soon as General Davies re-establishes his cavalry pickets. You will have a staff officer communicate with General Davies in order that your line may be withdrawn at the proper time.

Inclosed copy of telegram for your information.*

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General of Volunteers.

---------------

*See Humphreys to Hancock, 2.30 p.m., p. 966.

---------------

