HEADQUARTERS THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,September 22, 1864.

Brigadier General B. R. PIERCE,

Commanding Second Brigade:

GENERAL: The brevet major-general commanding directs that you send daily, while firing is going on at the front, all your men with telescope rifles, to take suitable positions on General De Trobriand's line.

I am, general, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

JOHN HANCOCK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,September 22, 1864.

Major JOHN HANCOCK,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Third Division:

MAJOR: I have the honor to report that in compliance with instructions from the brevet major-general commanding division I have shelled this afternoon two barns in front of the Second Brigade, dislodging the enemy's sharpshooters who would annoy our lines from that point, and damaging materially said buildings to a good extent. This brought on a lively artillery duel, in which the enemy shelled Fort Hell (now Fort Sedgwick) with great accuracy, which enabled me to appreciate the necessity of some repairs and alterations in our embrasures, some having been damaged by the rebel shots and some by the firing of our own guns. The artillery officers stationed there are anxious to have an engineer officer to attend to the matter. The work may be done in one night, and will make our firing more effective if two or three pieces can be brought to bear on some point of the enemy's works, which is not the case now. I therefore respectfully request that an engineer officer be ordered from army headquarters to report at Fort Sedgwick with directions to repair the damaged embrasures and widen the angle of aperture of some of them so as to improve the effect of our artillery fire from that point.

Respectfully submitted.

R. DE TROBRIAND,

Brigadier-General.
HEADQUARTERS FIFTH ARMY CORPS,September 22, 1864.

General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General:

I have the honor to report that nothing unusual transpired in my front during yesterday or last night. All was quiet.

G. K. WARREN,

Major-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS ARMY OF THE POTOMAC,September 22, 1864-2.30 p.m.

Major-General WARREN,

Commanding Fifth Corps:

General Davies is ordered to re-establish the cavalry picket-line from Gary's Church to Davenport Church. The infantry pickets from plank

