
Half a mile to the left of the railroad a force is posted of fifty men, picketing several small wood roads in front of the infantry line for half a mile to the front. The infantry line is the same held by our cavalry before the recent concentration of the brigade. I have no copy of the photographic map of the army in my possession, or I would send it up marked. My officers report that the number of men is more than sufficient to accomplish the object for which the picketing is done.

Respectfully,

H. E. DAVIES, JR.,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS SECOND DIVISION CAVALRY,September 22, 1864.

Colonel C. H. SMITH,

Commanding Second Brigadier, Second Div. Cav., Army of the Potomac:

COLONEL: The necessity of holding this division in reserve having passed you will please take up your line as follows, viz: Picket from Gary's Church to Davenport Church with force sufficient to resist an attack, and keep a strong Reams' Station. The infantry pickets left will rest on plank road at Lucado's or Wascher's, where you can communicate with them on your right.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. C. WEIR,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

P. S.-Please report when this line is established in order that it may be reported to General Hancock that he may withdraw his infantry from that portion of the line.

WAR DEPARTMENT,

Washington, September 22, 1864-11.10 a.m.

Major-General BUTLER,

Bermuda Hundred:

The Chief of Ordnance reports that the 300 Spencer rifles requested in your telegram of yesterday will be forwarded to-day.* The ammunition is at Fort Monroe, and can be had by your requisition on the ordnance officer there. Please send me a copy of the former requisition referred to in your telegram, in order that the delay, if any, may be investigated. The Chief of Ordnance reports that none was made on his bureau.

EDWIN M. STANTON,

Secretary of War.

WAR DEPARTMENT, ADJUTANT-GENERAL'S OFFICE,

Washington, D. C., September 22, 1864.

Major General B. F. BUTLER,

Commanding, Fort Monroe, Va.:

You are authorized by the Secretary of War to recruit a regiment of volunteer infantry at Point Lookout, as requested in your letter of Sep-

---------------

*Butler's original dispatch reads 800 Spencer rifles; see p. 959.

---------------

