
tember 15. The terms of service will be for one, two, or three years, as the men may elect. Recruitment, organizations, and musters to conform to existing regulations. Officers will be appointed in accordance with the requirements of Circular Numbers 62 from this office. Arms and other supplies will be furnished on your requisition. So soon as recruited the regiment will be reported to the Adjutant-General with view to its being ordered to the Northern frontier.

THOMAS M. VINCENT,

Assistant Adjutant-General.

CITY POINT, VA., September 22, 1864-4.40 p.m.

Major-General BUTLER:

Please let the troops you have near this place remain where they are for the present, and if it does not make too much change in your present front send the remainder of the brigade now here. I am having a line of fortifications laid out and commenced for contingencies which may arise and which I will explain when I see you.

U. S. GRANT,

Lieutenant-General.
HDQRS. DEPT. OF VIRGINIA AND NORTH CAROLINA,OFFICE OF THE CHIEF SIGNAL OFFICER,

September 22, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel G. A. KENSEL,

Acting Chief of Staff:

COLONEL: The following message has just been received from Spring Hill:

The enemy have a large force at work strengthening their breast-works on different places of their lines.

A. G. SIMONS,

Lieutenant and Acting Signal Officer.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. R. CLUM,

Captain and Chief Signal Officer.

DUTCH GAP, VA., September 22, 1864.

Colonel HENRY L. ABBOT,

Commanding Siege Artillery:

COLONEL: I have the honor to state that the enemy have fired but few shots to-day, owing to the fact that prisoners were being exchanged. Am having a battery, with three embrasures for light pieces, built to the left of the mortar batteries, in order to engage the rebel light guns stationed in an angle of the woods. As far as my company is concerned, everything goes on well. We all work hard; do the best we can.

Very respectfully, your obedient servant,

H. H. PIERCE,

Captain, First Connecticut Artillery.

