
Four-gun battery next on right of work hitherto known as Fort Hell-Battery 21; four guns.

Work on plank road hitherto known as Fort Hell, with additional work on the left of the road-Fort Sedgwick; 800 men, four 4 1/2-inch Rodman, two siege howitzers, eight field guns.

Large square redoubt on left of plank road, hitherto known as Fort Crawford-Fort Davis; eight field guns, 550 men.

Battery in front of Fort Davis on right of plank road-Battery 22. Inclosed work near the Strong house-Fort Alexander Hays; four guns, 150 men.

The garrisons will be immediately placed in the forts and regarded as permanent, to be moved only under special directions from headquarters of the army. General De Trobriand will at once assign the designated garrisons to Forts Meikel, Rice, and Sedgwick; Colonel McAllister to Fort Davis, and General Pierce to Fort Alexander Hays and assign a suitable officer to the command of each. As soon as the assignment is made and the works occupied in accordance with this order they will report the fact, together with the description of the details for garrison and names of commanding officers.

By command of Brevet Major-General Mott:

JOHN HANCOCK,

Major and Assistant Adjutant-General.
HDQRS. FIRST BRIGADE, THIRD DIVISION, SECOND CORPS,September 23, 1864.

The commanding officer of the Eighty-sixth New York Volunteers will leave 90 or 100 men in Fort Meikel, and with balance will relieve the Seventy-third New York Volunteers at Fort Rice (late Fort Warren). The commanding officer of the Seventy-third New York Volunteers, when so relieved, will take the place vacated by the Eighty-sixth New York Volunteers, in line between the One hundred and twenty-fourth New York Volunteers and Fort Meikel. The commanding officer of the First Maine Heavy Artillery will relieve the Second U. S. Sharpshooters and the Fortieth New York Volunteers at Fort Sedgwick. The commanding officers of the Second U. S. Sharpshooters and the Fortieth New York Volunteers will take the place vacated by the First Maine Heavy Artillery, in line, the Second U. S. Sharpshooter on the right of the Fortieth New York Volunteers on the left. This movement will commence at 10 a.m. 24th instant, and will be carried out quickly and quietly, using the covered ways altogether, so as not to attract the attention of the enemy.

By command of Brigadier General R. de Trobriand:

J. M. LINNARD,

Assistant Adjutant-General.
SPECIAL ORDERS, HDQRS. 3rd Brigadier, 3rd DIV., 2nd ARMY CORPS,Numbers 78. September 23, 1864.

In obedience to orders from the major-general commanding division, the following change in the garrison of Fort Davis (Fort Crawford will be made:

I. Colonel Schoonover, commanding Eleventh New Jersey Volunteers, will move his command out of the fort to the place now occupied by the Eleventh Massachusetts Volunteers.

