HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,September 24, 1864-8.20 p.m.

Major General D. B. BIRNEY,

Commanding Tenth Army Corps:

My chief of artillery has not returned from the line. I suppose he has seen Colonel Jackson. If he has not artillery enough to relieve all your batteries I suppose you will permit those not relieved to remain until to-morrow evening, when I can complete the arrangement by getting some pieces from General Hunt and taking one battery from Mott's line. If I can find my chief of artillery in time I hope to get through to-night.

WINF'D S. HANCOCK,

Major-General.
HEADQUARTERS TENTH ARMY CORPS,September 24, 1864.

Major-General HANCOCK,

Commanding Second Corps:

I will make any arrangement that you desire for the night.

D. B. BIRNEY,

Major-General.

GENERAL ORDERS, HEADQUARTERS SECOND ARMY CORPS,

Numbers 35. September 24, 1864.

In accordance with instructions received from headquarters of the army, the First and Second Divisions will relieve the Tenth Army Corps in the line of intrenchments, beginning as soon after dark as practicable.

The Second Division, Colonel Smyth commanding, will relieve the line from the Norfolk railroad to Battery 13, as shown to Colonel Smyth's staff officers this afternoon by Colonel Morgan, chief of staff. Colonel Smyth will occupy Fort Morton with 800 men.

The First Division, General Miles commanding, will relieve the Tenth Corps line from Battery 13 to the right, garrisoning the inclosed works as follows: Fort Haskell, 250 men; Fort Stedman, 300 men; Fort McGilvery, 300 men.

The rifle-pits connecting these works and batteries on the line will for the present be occupied as they now are. The picket-line will not be relieved to-night. Any troops remaining in reserve after these dispositions are made will be placed under cover, under supporting distance of the line. Commandants of artillery will relieve as many of the light batteries belonging to the Tenth Corps now on the line as he is able to relieve with artillery at his disposal, conferring with the chief of artillery Tenth Corps for this purpose. Commanders of divisions and Artillery Brigade will set forth the disposition in detail in the morning report of the 25th. Corps headquarters will be moved to the Deserted House to-morrow.

By command of Major-General Hancock:

H. H. BINGHAM,

Captain and Acting Assistant Adjutant-General.

