HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH CORPS,Camp at Warren Station, Va., September 24, 1864.

Brigadier General S. WILLIAMS,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Army of the Potomac:

GENERAL: Owing to the depleted numbers of this command I would respectfully recommend that the division be consolidated into one brigade. The organization as it now exists consists of three brigades: The First Brigade-Twenty-first Pennsylvania Dismounted Cavalry, 608 muskets; the Second Brigade-Third-second Massachusetts, Ninety-first and One hundred and fifty-fifth Pennsylvania, in all 848 muskets; the Third Brigade-One hundred and eighteenth Pennsylvania, First Michigan, Twentieth Maine, Sixteenth Michigan, and four battalions, as follows: Eighty-third Pennsylvania, Forty-fourth New York, Fourth Michigan, and Eighteenth Massachusetts, numbering in all 1,050 muskets. It will be seen that this gives only 2,506 muskets. The Twenty-second Massachusetts belongs to the division, but has been detached and is on duty at City Point, having only 136 muskets. This regiment goes out of service on the 8th of October, and will probably not leave over 30 muskets. The battalions could be transferred to regiments. The commanding officer of the corps has already recommended the transfer of the Forty-fourth New York. The officers of the battalions not required or not wishing to remain in service could be honorably discharged. Should the commanding general give this recommendation a favorable consideration he will at once see that the consolidation must give the brigade some hundreds of additional men for musket duty, by decreasing the number of extra daily and detached duty men. The organization as it now exists is not believed to be in keeping with the interests of the service. From having the name of division with three brigades its details are very heavy. For instance, the picket-line is at the present time over four miles, requiring 900 men, with proper complement of officers, and there has not been a day since on this line that the detail has been less than from 500 to 700.

I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.
HEADQUARTERS FIRST DIVISION, FIFTH ARMY CORPS,September 24, 1864.

Lieutenant Colonel FRED. T. LOCKE,

Assistant Adjutant-General, Fifth Army Corps:

COLONEL: I would again urge upon the attention of the proper authorities the want of brigade commanders, and ask that Lieutenant Colonel William A. Throop, First Michigan Volunteers, be brevetted a brigadier. Colonel Throop has had more experience than any field officer in this command, and I don't think has his superior as a drill officer and disciplinarian in the service, and I trust his application may meet with early attention, and Colonel Throop assigned according to his brevet rank.

I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,

CHAS. GRIFFIN,

Brigadier-General, Commanding.

