1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
i 0
just as justly as on t.hose which we might men-
tion; and if the bill be correct in principle,
then I think we ought to make it as broad as
possible. I think so for another reason ; and
here I meet an objection that I am sure will
be suggested by the Senator from Vermont,
that he prefers to specify the articles and
thus avoid difficulty and confusion at the
Department. We know that the bill for the
relief of Portland did not specify the aiticles,
and we are not advised that there was any
trouble under that bill. I therefore trust that
those who are opposed to the bill upon princi-
ple will vote with us and insist that we pass
or defeat the bill just as it stands.
There are some other matters to which I
propose to refer very briefly before I touch the
question that has been discussed here. It was
suggested by the Senator from Pennsylvania
(and I infer that he presented it as an argu-
ment against this bill, else I am sure it had
no place here) that we had already been very
liberal to Chicago, for we had given to Chicago
four millions for building a Government court-
house.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator will surely ex-
o,une me in saying that 1 did not present it as
an argument against this bill, but as an evi-
dence of the willingness of the Senate to do
all they could properly do for Chicago.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. Presideut, when we ap-
propriate four million dollars to build a Gov-
•* erumeut court-house for the nation, wedoitfor
the nation and not for Chicago. Chicago
is no more interested in that as a national
question than Pennsylvania. Chicago has no
more right to demand it or ask it than Phila-
delphia. Four million dollars to Chicago from
the national' Treasury to build the nation's
post office and Government court-house!
The Senator also, in drawing a distinction
between this and, the Portland case, says the
Portland bill was passed in the latter part of
July, and the fire was only about three weeks
before; and therefore, inasmuch as there
were no buildings and but little improvement
up to that time, the relief was general, or ex-
tended to all, those that were poor and those
that were rich alike. And now he says that
this fire occurred in October last; we are in
March, five months since the fire; and as to
the persons who have built upon their lots
perhaps poor buildings, those that should be
benefited by such legislation, the time has
passed for them, and now the Government
teaches out its haud to help the rich, and
hence there is a distinction between this case
and the case of Portland. Did my good friend
ramember that he was called upon within less
than two months from the time this fire oc-
curred to extend this very aid? And if Con-
gress had passed this bill, even then, as in
the case of Portland, the fires were not out in
Chicago. They were not out when this bill
was introduced and when it passed the other
House. Not only so, but can it affect the con-
stitutional question of the power of Congress
that you did not do it within three weeks or
four weeks, but have waited four months or
five months? Shall it be claimed here as an
argument against this bill that because Con-
gress has been tardy in awarding that justice
which has been claimed, therefore it cannot be
awarded at all?
But it has also been said, I think by all the
Senators who have preceded me on the other
side of this question, that if this relief is
granted it goes to the rich and not to the
poor. In my humble judgment that is a very
low view—1 trust I shall be pardoned for say-
ing so—of the real question before the Senate.
I would take this question above any such con-
sideration. I look upoti it, in my action here
as a Senator, not as a question whether I am
benefiting A or B, or whether A or B shall
be worth millions or pence, but the question
is whether it is right for the Congress of the
United States to pass this bill for the nation
42i> Cong. 2d Sk&s.—No. 113.
in view of its own revenues and its own great-
ness and its own strength and adding to its own
wealth. I say that is the ground on which I
place this bill, and I do not propose to dis-
cuss it on the narrower personal view as to
whether it benefits A or B or whether A or B
shall be rich or poor.
Mr. Presideut, having said this much with
reference to matters that I hardly think will
have much if any weight in the determina-
tion of the measure before us, I come to con-
sider very briefly the question that I really
think is here, and the one upon which I think
the bill is to turn.
I come to the consideration of this question
without instruction, and I am sure I have no
feeling whatever. I do not represent a con-
stituency urging me to vote one way or the
other. I have been looking alone to find what
was right and what was my duty under the
Constitution, inasmuch as this constitutional
question has been raised; aud I desire to say
that I shall allow no one, here or elsewhere,
now or hereafter, to go in advance of me in
my devotion to the Constitution. I, sir, so
far as this discussion is concerned, insist that
all and every of its provisions shall be con-
sidered. I would not discard any of them; I
would not disregard any of them. I desire to
sdy also that while for some purposes there
may be some provisions of the Constitution
that are more important than others, yet, so
far as my duty is concerned, and in view of
the oath I have taken, and the obligation that
is imposed upon me, they are all alike import-
ant ; that is to say, I do not accept in this
sense any of them as being directory and
others as mandatory; but I accept them as
being all equally binding upon me.
In the same connection I remark that I must
remember that while I am not to violate any
express provision of the Constitution, I am
still not to fail ia the discharge of my duty
becausebv possibility some act or measure may
be supposed to be in conflict with the instru-
ment; for if I do that, then I am as clearly in
disregard of my duty and I as clearly violate
that instrument as though I violated some
express provision of it. If, for instance, I
believe a particular measure to be just and
necessary, I will not conjure up^ possible con-
stitutional difficulties and refrain from giving
that measure my support. Not only so, but
we are bound to look at these questions dis-
passionately, and iu the light of reason. We
are to look at the object, the purpose of the
provision of the Constitution in question, and
we are to look at the entire or whole instru-
ment; and we are not justified in jumping to
a conclusion because unconsciously or other-
wise we desire that the Constitution shall have
such a construction that an act or measure is
violative of its provisions,
Mr. President, it is very easy for any ingen-
ious mind, one that is seeking to give the Con-
stitution a particular construction, tj satisfy
itself, and perhaps to some extent others also,
that this measure is warranted arid another pro-
hibited. But with a mind seeking alone for truth,
and desiring to find out the right, that will re-
member and should rememberthat if this Con-
stitution is a grant of powers it is nevertheless
a grand charter made for the nation with inti
nite possibilities and for a people at all times,
as I trust and I believe, seeking to do justice
and right, at all times to promote the greatest
good of the greatest number, this Constitution
must not receive a narrow or restricted con-
struction, nor must it receive a liberal or a
broad one.
I have said this much generally upon the
question, and I come to the point that is made
in opposition to this bill. The power to lay
duties and imposts by reference to the Con-
stitution—the clause has been read more than
once, but I refer to it again—is in the eighth
section of the first article :
" She Congress shall have power to lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to  ay the debts,
and provide lor the common defease and gen era!
welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts,
and excises shall be uniform throughout the United
States."
Here power is given to Congress to lay and
collect taxes, duties, &e., and for the purpose
of providing among other things for the.gen;
era! welfare ; but the restriction is that these
duties, imposts, and excises shall be uniform
throughout the United States. The vital or
pivotal words in this seclion are "uniform
throughout the Uniied States." The lan-
guage is not that these duties " shall be uni-
form," for that might possibly have beeu in-
terpreted so that there could not be a discrim-
ination, but "shall be uniform •throughout
the United States." What do these words
mean ? i am sure there will be no difference
between the distinguished Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Carpbnter] and myself, and those
who have discussed this question, on this part
of the Constitution. i understand it to mean
in their own words, and perhaps i follow al-
most the language of those who have preceded
me, that the duties on all articles shall be the
same at all ports, or throughout the United
States, and not that we cannot or may not dis-
criminate as between articles, but they are to be
the same at all the poits throughout the United
States. No different rule is certainly laid
down in this case from 5 Wheaton, to which
reference was made yesterday. The very
points decided there, i am sure, have little or
no connection (and i think the Senator from
Wisconsin conceded that yesterday in his ar-
gument) with the question now before us. The
third clause of the head-note of the case is
"the power of Congress to lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises is coexten-
sive with the territory of the United States."
That was the real question which was decided
in that case, so that there is really nothing iu
that case in conflict with what either of us
maintains with reference to this question.
Then these duties, imposts, aud excise's are
to be "uniform throughout the United States."
Thus far I am sure there is no disagreement,
aud I always make it a point, if possible, and it
always gives me very great pleasure to accord
and agree just as far as possible in any discus-
sion, for, with the matters upon which there can
be an agreement settled and understood, very
frequently difficulty is avoided, aud eertaialy
the argument is shortened. I say, then, that I
think we all agree on the construction that I have
given, for it is substantially the same that has
already been given. Now, this bill does not
say in words that a different duty shall be im-
posed on goods destined for Chicago than upon
goods that are destined for New York or Bos-
ton. I weigh my words; I say this bill does
not say in words that a different duty shall be
imposed 011 goods destined for Chicago than
upon articles that are destined for New York
or Boston. I ain sure that upon this subject
there can be 110 difference of opinion. As to
what is the effect of the language, that is a
different thing; as to the construction that
shall be put upon the language of the provis-
ions of the bill, that is a different thing; but J
say that in words this bill does not disturb this
rule of uniformity that is provided for in the
Constitution. Then again i say thus far we
are in accord.
But it is said the same thing is accomplished
} indirectly, and therefore the Constitution is
| violated as essentially as if it was attempted
j by direct language. Now let ua see if this is
i so. In the first place, I remark that when a
I construction is iuvoked upon a constitutional
j provision or anything else which violates what
! the conscience aud the judgment teli us to be
[.right, we may well distiust the warning voice
I that is thus raised. We all must admit, for
J that is conceded in the argument here through-
out, that the people are willing to relieve Ctii-
' eago. Geutlemen all say it is right and just
aud proper, provided always, of. course, that
