1794
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
the poor can be helped as well as the rich.
But now it is sought t,o give a construction to
the Constitution that I say, when you have
given to it that construction, you give it a con-
struction that defeats what your judgment and
your conscience tell you to be right.. And I
say when a construction is invoked that thus
violates what your judgment and your con-
science tell you to be right, you should wait
and hesitate before you give any such con-
struction.
Now that I am not mistaken, and that the
construction insisted upon here is not such as
to strike the mind at once, I am sure that I
only need refer to the early days of this dis-
cussion when this bill was first before the Ben-
ate. My good friend from Wisconsin, with all
his familiarity with the Constitution, and with
all his anxiety in view of the instructions given
to him, and with all his conviction that the bill
was wrong, nevertheless, while another con-
stitutional objection was raised and discussed,
did not allude to this ; it did not occur to any
mind iu the Senate until the discussion had
progressed some two or three days. Not only
so; but those who now insist the strongest
upon this constitutional objection were among
those that offered amendments to the bill to
extend its provisions to Michigan as well as to
Wisconsin.
I do not urge this as perhaps in the least
controlling, for I know how often it is that
those who are giving the most careful attention
to a particular subject may perhaps overlook
the very strongest point there may be in the
discussion; but I sav if this constitutional ob-
jection was so strong and was so overwhelming
ill itself, it is strange that it was not observed
until this discussion had progressed two or
three days, and that, then it should come from
a Senator who had taken but little if any part
in the debate.
I go one step further, Thave said the duty
laid is the same on the articles contemplated
by this bill as if laid anywhere else; that is to
say, the general law with reference to the im-
portation of arlieles obtains with reference to
these articles as well as if they were imported
at the port of New York or Boston. The arti-
cles, I repeat, contemplated by this bill are to
be assessed, and they are to pay precisely as
though they were to be impoited into New
York, or imported for the benefit of any per-
son else than the sufferers at Chicago. Is not
that true? Suppose the second section of the
bill were stricken out, and we had the first and
third, then these articles would go into Chi-
cago, would enter into the rebuilding of that
city, would pay duties just the same as if they
went to New York or Boston. Would not that
betuie? Unquestionably. So that those that
go to the city of Chicago, whether for the ben-
efit of a sufferer or one that, was not a sufferer,
$11 pay alike. Is not that so? If that is so, 1
ask this question: thus far is there any viola-
tion of the Constitution ? Certainly not. That
is too plain to admit of argument. Thus far
the duty is paid, and the Government gets the
benefit of it. is not that, so? Thus far, I
repeat, the duty is paid and the Government
gets the benefit of it; it is in its Treasury.
Thus far there is no violation of the Consti-
tution.
The argument on the other side, however,
is that by this legislation the Government
pledges itself in advance to return the duties
imposed and collected by allowing this draw-
back, and thus iu effect there is a discrimina-
tion in favor of one locality over another;
and this is followed by the concession that if
tbe money was already collected it would be
competent io make a direct appropriation of
an aggiegale bum, or to make a specific dis-
position of the money that had been collected.
That I understood to be the argument.
Now. Mr. President, iu all candor, and with
the utmost deference, I submit that tkat argu-
ment proves too much. I submit, with all
deference, that it destroys itself. The argu-
ment is that in advance the Government says
that its hands shall be tied ; we will receive
this money, but we will pay it back to you;
and, inasmuch as it makes this pledge in
advance, there is a discrimination in favor of
Chicago as against the other ports of the coun-
try ; there is a destruction of this uniformity
contemplated by the Constitution. That you
cannot do that where you make the pledge in
advance; butyou can after you havethe money
in xhe Treasury either provide that an aggre-
gate sum of $400,000, as proposed by the Sen-
ator from Michigan, or the .specific money in
the Treasury arising from imports into the city
of Chicago may be paid back. I say that
proves too much.
In the first place, on this part of the argu-
ment, while I do not attach much force or
weight to, nevertheless I do not think it inap-
propriate. I have already suggested that the
duties are the same ; they are paid; each and
every man who imports glass, or lumber, or
iron, or anything else that is contemplated by
this bill, pays just as though there had been
no fire, as though, in other words, this great
calamity had not come upon the nation or upon
this city. In this connection, not that I attach
much weight to it, 1 ask this question: sup-
pose it shall occur from any cause that the
drawback shall never be claimed ; suppose that
the persons wnoare contemplated as the ben-
eficiaries of this bill, or the city, shall never
ask for the drawback, then would this bill be
unconstitutional? Would the Constitution be
violated? You have got the money into the
Treasury ; the persons have paid upon these
articles just precisely as if there had been no
fire; those who suffered and those who did
not suffer fare alike; the rule of uniformity is
not destroyed thus far, and if the drawback i3
never claimed, no one will pretend that the
Constitution is violated.
Now, 1 ask you if it is just or right in the
consideration of a constitutional question,
where you are looking to the powers of the
Government and looking to the very language
of the instrument, that these duties shall he
uniform, when the duties are uniform and col-
lected upon a uniform scale, will it do to argue
that by possibility something may occur in the
future that would disturb that uniformity, and
therefore the Constitution is violated ?
Mr. CAKPJBNTEB. When that something
is authorized by the bill.
Mr. WEIGHT. When that something is
authorized by the bill; but I will come to that
in a moment.
JBut. again, Mr. President, let me ask this
question : ^ suppose we could estimate in ad-
vance, either iioin estimates at the Treasury
Department, or by doing it in any other way,
the aggregate revenue to the Government
upon the articles that are contemplated by
tins bill, and we should conclude that there
would be three hundred or three hundred and
fifty thousand dollars; having made this
estimate, and arrived at a conclusion that is
satisfactory to the minds of Senators here, I
ask. could we provide ill this bill that this
S3&0.000 collected in the city of Chicago and
coming here should be paid into the treasury
of the city to be distributed among its citi-
zens? Could you do that? You cannot do
it, because you do it in advance, before you
have got the money. Or suppose, instead of
saying that all the money thus collected shall
be paid into the treasury of the city and dis-
tributed among its citizens, you provide that
a portion of it, three fourths of it, for instance,
shall go into the treasury of the city of Chi-
cago, could you do that? If you can provide
that, an aggregate sum of three or four hun-
dred thousand dollars may be paid out of the
Treasury of tbe United Slates to the sufferers
there, then I ask you, so far as the constitu-
tional question is concerned, if you have not
got the same power to provide that the specifie
money collected by imports shall go to the
people of Chicago? Can you not do it?
Remember, Mr. President, I am not talking
of this as a matter of discretion, but a ques-
tion of power. Have we, as the representa-
tives of the people, by and under this Consti-
tution, the power to do the thing? Not
whether it is right; for that I have nothing
to do with at present. If you have the power
to provide that half a million shall be paid to
these people after this bill has been passed,
then I say that upon every principle of logic
and reason you have the power to provide
that that sum shall be paid to them in advance.
If a distinction can be shown, looking at this
now as a question of power, and remembering
all the time that we are to brush aside tech-
nicalities and come down to the spirit and
meaning of t.he instrument, and looking to the
powers that we possess under it, I should like
to see how it can be made.
But that is not all. I might enter that argu-
ment, and make the suggestion in the same
connection that if you could provide that it
should be paid into the treasury of the city and
distributed, you could certainly, as far as the
queslion of power is concerned, provide that
it should be paid directly to the city.
But again, suppose the articles imported
and the duties paid, but before .they are sold
by the importer all were destroyed by fire, or
by earthquake, or by a tornado, is there any
question as to the power of Congress to refund
or remit those duties? We do that almost
every day, and no one is found to question
the power of Congress in the case supposed.
Now, Mr. President, Chicago imported
millions of dollars' worth of property and
put it into the buildings that have been de-
stroyed by this fire. Chicago, in importing
those articles and putting them into the build-
ings thus destroyed by fire, paid into the
Treasury of the United States in the way of
duties millions of money. The buildings that
were thu3 erected, instead of being destroyed
the next day, (if you can imagine now that all
these buildings were put up in one day and the
next day all destroyed,) were destroyed sub-
sequently. I am sure there is no person here,
so far as tbe question of power is concerned,
or of discretion, for that matter, but what
would say that if you can relieve as against
this article or that article which has been de-
stroyed after the duty is paid and before it
has been sold and gone out of the hands of
the importers, you would not relieve in the
case I have supposed where the entire build-
ings were destroyed the next day after their
erection.
Now, remember that the Government has
already received into its exchequer the money
derived from the importation of the articles
that went into the buildings which were de-
stroyed by this fire. The Government has the
money. Now comes this great calamity and
sweeps this property out of existence. It is
gone; not the next day after the buildings
were erected; it may be in some instances
the next week, in others the next month, in
others the next year, and others still perhaps
years afterward ; there is the great and gen-
eral suffering, the very life of the city is de-
stroyed, as it were; this property is taken from
them, mid it is astied of Congress that you
shall provide a drawback, and it is said jou
have not got the power to do it, though yoa
have, as I have suggested, got the money in
the Treasury. Now, when it is proposed to
rebuild the city, what is the assistance or aid
that, is asked ? ^ That the Government instead
of saying, " W e wili twice get this money into
our Ireasury, the second time in spite of your
misfortune by this great calamity," shall sur-
render the right to receive the duties the sec-
ond tmie; and it is said that there is no power
to do it under the Constitution. And yet you
have got the clear power—that is conceded
and acted upon here every day—to remit
