mm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May IT,
tiee to any one who has been associated with
me in this investigation, and for the purpose of
showing the conclusion at which they have
arrived I will quote from the views of the
minority. I refer to page 516 of that report.
Mr. BLAIR. Those views, I believe, were
written and signed by one member of the
committee.
Mr. SCOTT. I will have no issue with the
Senator. I do not know by whom the whole
of the views of the minority were written;
they are signed by all 
Mr. BLAIR. I will explain to the Senator
in one word 
Mr. SCOTT. I know all about it. It does
not need explanation. It is rather unpleasant
"while proceeding in the line of argument to be
constantly interrupted.
Mr. BLAIR. I beg the Senator's pardon.
Mr. SCOTT. As I wish to do justice to one
of my colleagues on the committee, I prefer
doing it in my own way. That portion of the
report from which I shall quote was written
by my colleague on the committee, Mr. Van
Trump, of the House, to whom I am glad to
do justice as a courteous and honorable gen-
tleman ; but while it is stated in the views of
the minority that it is written by him, I find
to the whole report the names of all the mem-
bers of the committee who agreed to that re-
port, the names of Fraxk P. Blair, T. P.
Bayard, S. S. Cox, James B. Beok, P. Van
Trump, A. M, "Waddell, J. C. Robinson, J.
M. Hanks. Of course these gentlemen di-
vided the labor and made different por-
tions of the report. I do not wisli to rellect
upon the Senator at all as the author of these
views, if he considers it any reflection. I take
it for granted that Mr. Van Tuump will avow
the authorship. He has decided convictions,
and so expresses them. It is not necessary to
apologize for him in advance or to shift the
responsibility for these views. I give them
as they are printed, and they will speak for
themselves.
Now on that subject, bearing in mind that
three constitutional amendments have vested in
the colored citizens of the South the right of
freedom, citizenship, and the ballot, 1 ask the
attention of the Senate and of the country to
the conclusion arrived at in the views of the
minority:
" As we have just remarked, we do not propose to
discuss at large the question of negro government
in these pages; butwe feel that it would bo a dere-
liction of duty on our part if, after wliat we have
witnessed in South Carolina, we did not admonish
the American people that tho present eondition of
things in the South cannot last. It was an oft-
quoted political apothegm, lout? piior to tho v.'mr,
that no government could exist ' half slave and half
free.' Ihe paraphrase of that proposition is equally
true, that no government can Ions exist' halt black
and half white.'
"There cati be neither sympathy nor harmony in
any polity where such antagonism is al tempted to
be overcome by la w. God's law is higher than man's
law. Man's puny statutes cannot repeal or nullify
tile immutable ordinances of the Almighty. Those
whom God has separated let no man jom together.
There can be no permanent partition of power, nor
any peaceable joint exercise of power, among such
discordant bodies of men. One or the other must
have all or none. It is the very nemo of tolly and
fanaticism to suppose, in this day of enlightenment
and its consequent pride of feeling among the supe-
rior race, that there can be a reproduction of the
ancient fable of tyini; the iiving and the doad to-
gether without causing death to both. Who would
have dreamed, fifteen years ago, what highest and
most far-seeing intellect among tho great men who
established this Government upon the basis of
homogeneity of race and color, could have imagined
that in the first century of its existence Atrican
freedmen, of the lowest typo of ignorance and
brutality, would rule a sovereign State of the Union,
and be the arbiters of the rights and property of a
race who have ruled the destinies of nations ever
since government was known among men? Such a
etateof things may last so long as the party shall
last which had thepower and audacity to inaugurate
it, and no longer. But whenever that party shall
go down, as go down it will at some time not long in
the future, that will be the end of the political
power of the negro among white men on this conti-
nent."
Time was, Mr. President, when the virtue
and intelligence of the citizen were considered
the best attributes of citizenship, the surest
guarantees of stable government. This report
makes the antagonism lie only between color
and race, not between vice and virtue, intelli-
gence and ignorance. With our Constitution
remaining, I would ask my -friends whose
names are appended to this sentiment, how
they propose to end the political power of the
negro when they are in place, and at the same
time observe the Constitution? What can this
mean but revolution, or the repudiation of the
amendments of the Constitution '1
It is accompanied also with a comparison
which must be peculiarly flattering to the de-
scendants of the men who formed and approved
of the " tea party" in Boston harbor. They
were poor men claiming to have a voice in
making the laws which taxed them. We now
find, in an argument against taxes imposed by
a Legislature in which poor men are given a
voice, the men of 1776 compared with the Ku
Klux murderers of 1871. On pages 528 and
529 of the same report this occurs:
" How long will the people of South Carolina be
able to endure this intolerable burden? Would
any other people on earth tolerate it? Excessive
and wrongful taxation, imposed with the wanton
purpose of oppression, always touchesthe most sen-
sitive chord in tho publio heart. It was a trifling
tax upon tea, and a stamp duty, which stands
dwarfed beside the one which now exists by our own
enactment, that set the colonies, South Carolina
among the foremost, ablaze with the fires ofliberty,
and inaugurated the' first Ku Klux known in our
history; for every school-boy knows that it was dis-
guised men who threw the tea overboard out of an
English ship in the harbor of Boston."
Does this exalt the Itukluxism into patriot-
ism, or does it degrade the first actors in our
Revolution to the level of the night fiends who
scourged Elias Hill and banished an American
citizen to Liberia?
There are many causes assigned for these
outrages: the debts of the States, the recon-
struction acts, lad legislation. I do not, at
this time, propose to go into any discussion of
them. 1 am discussing the evil itself, its ex-
istence, its magnitude, its power, its extent,
and the necessity of providing against a re-
currence of the violence which has hitherto
disgraced the nation. It may be that before this
discussion closesl may take an opportunity of
saying somethingupon those points, if I deem
it advisable, as well as upon the question of the
power of Congress to enact this law. But for
the present I forbear from entering either of
those fields. What I have already gone over
shows—
1. A conspiracy, oath-bound, against polit-
ical adversaries, armed and equipped for offen-
sive operations.
2. It has, to accomplish its purposes, com-
mitted murder, wrong, and outrage upon its
opponents.
3. Its members have not hesitated to add
perjury to conceal and deny these crimes.
4. It has defied all the ordinary tribunals of
justice.
5. It has paralyzed the voice of private citi-
zens and overawed the officers of the law.
6. When brought.to the bar of justice, pub-
lic sympathy and public aid were extended in
the most public manner by the most prominent
citizens by voluntary contributions, to secure
counsel for the defense.
7. It has kept up intercourse through all the
States, showing a common purpose, a common
mode of operations, extending from North
Carolina into South Carolina; from South Car-
olina into Georgia; from Georgia into Ala-
bama ; from Alabama into Mississippi, and
into Florida—a perfect chain of intercom-
munication amot)g>4dl these organizations.
8. I have shown what will give an idea of
its power and numbers from the number
already indicted, who have gone into court
and confessed their crimes.
Now, sir, what has this organization done?
We hear much said, when we propose to pro-
vide a remedy against such an organized con-
spiracy, about trampling upon the rights of
citizens; we are referred back to 1215 and
Magna Charta; to 1628, and the petition of
rights; to 1679, and the habeas corpus; to
1689, and the Bill of Rights ; to all those
enactments which make up the bible of the
English constitution, and coming from them
we are referred to our own Constitution. I
would ask any American citizen to turn to
that Constitution, to articles four, five, six, and
seven of the amendments to article one, sec-
tion nine, and to the first section of the four-
teeth amendment to the Constitution, and he
will learn that every right vested in freemen
by all these enactments has been violated in
the persons of citizens of the United States by
the unpunished outrages of the Ku Klux, and
that we are here to determine whether we will
take the side of the victims or the criminals in
our legislation.
Withdraw from the President of the United
States the power to suspend the writ of habeas
corpus in those States where this organ-
ization exists, and no man can answer for the
scenes that will follow and the retaliation that
may ensue. Keep it there, and the very ex-
istence of the power will render its exercise
unnecessary.
This is thequestion which we are to determ-
ine. Are we, taking up these provisions in
their order, to say that men -who have not
been secure in their persons, in their houses,
or in their papers; that men who have been
deprived of life and liberty without due pro-
cess of law; that men whose houses have been
subject to unreasonable searches and sieges;
that criminals eveu have been hanged with-
out trial in the face of a writ of hubeas corpus
issued to secure them a trial; that men upon
whom crtiel and unusual punishments have
been inflicted by the mob instead of by judicial
tribunals; and that men entitled to citizen-
ship, freedom, and the ballot have all of them
denied by this conspiracy—shall we say that
these men shall continue to be subject to these
outrages? Or shall we vest in the President
that power which we believe we can vest in
him, and which we believe will be effective to
protect and defend these rights and to bring
to justice their guilty combinations agaiuBt
them?
Sir, others may hesitate upon this subject;
I cannot. Government was instituted to pro-
tect its citizens, and we shall be derelict to
our duty if we permit the more than four mil-
lions of citizens in the South against, whom
this conspiracy hasbeen formed to be subject for
a day to these great calamities, and subject to
them at atime, too, when the strongest motives
will be operating for the infliction of just such
outrages as those I have described. The
remedy that we have now is shown to be the
most effective. Until the privilege of the
writ of habeas corpus was suspended in South
Carolina this organization, notwithstanding
we were beginning to expose it, kept a defiant
head and trampled upon its victims. There
was no idea of disbanding, and it was not until
the strong hand of power was laid upon them
in that State that there was the remotest hope
of a disbanding of the organization. 1 be-
lieve that if this power is kept in the hands
of the President this violence will not be re-
newed. I beiipve if it is not kept there, no
other power will be strong enough to repress
a recurrence of the same violence that has
been enacted heretofore. For that reason the
committee have reported thia bill, and I trust
Congress will see the necessity of enacting it
into a law.
Mr. PRATT. Mr. President, the bill under
consideration has been introduced by the chair-
man of the joint committee of Congress raised
at the last session to inquire into the alleged
outrages in the southern States, and by the
authority of that committee. It simply con-
tinues in the President of the United States
the power of suspending the privilege of the
writ of habeas corpus to the end of the next
session of Congress, as that power was given
