1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2691
rooms of this Hall can be cleared by the
simple direction of the Speaker.
Aud so in regard to the usage which the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler,]
says will arise in respect of this rule. He says
that an honest man who is interested in legis-
lation will make the statement required and
keep out of the House, while a dishonest man
would come in. Sir, the moment that is found
out the Speaker can direct that such a man
shall be excluded from the floor. I must con-
fess thai, I do not see anything in this proposed
rule that reflects upon members or ex-mem-
bers of Congress, and therefore I shall give it
my support.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I move
to lay this report upon the table.
Mr. BANKS. I trust the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] will submit a motion to
recommit.
Mr. COX. I want to test the sense of the
House upon the subject.
Mr. HOAR. If the motion to lay on the
table is voted down, will it be in order to move
to reconsider the main question so that a
motion to recommit maybe made?
The SPEAKER. The Chair knows nothing
in the rules to prohibit that.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is it in order now
to move to recommit ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
withdraw the motion to lay on the table, if a
motion to recommit can be made.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order,
pending the previous question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then I move to
reconsider the vote ordering the main ques-
tion, in order to submit a motion to recom-
mit.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to, on
a division—ayes 87, noes 35.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now move that
the report of the Committee on Rules be
recommitted to that committee.
The question was taken on the motion to
recommit; and upon a division there were—
ayes 93, noes 81.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, no ; let
it go.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is a test vote, and I
call for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 23, noes 97 ; not one fifth voting
in the affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers on ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Butler,
of Massachusetts, and Mr. Holman were
appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 32, noes 130.
So (one fifth not voting in the affirmative)
the yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to recommit was accordingly
agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to call up a priv-
ileged question, being the motion to reconsider
the vote by which a bill in relation to the
Central Pacific railroad was recommitted to
the Pacific Railroad Committee.
Mr. WOOD. Does that take precedence of
the special order?
The SPEAKER. It does, because it is one
of the highest privileged questions.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Is it in order to submit
a report frotn a committee of conference ?
The SPEAKER. That is a question of
higher privilege thau the one presented by the
gentlemau frotn New York, [Mr. Wheeler,]
and is in order.
MRS. FRANCES A. M'KINNEY. .
Mr. ELDREDGE submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H, R. No. 1866) for the relief of
Mrs. Frances A. McKinney, having met, after full
and free conference have agreed to recommend, and
do recommend, to their respective Houses, that the
Senate recede from their amendment to the bill.
CHARLES A. ELDREDGE,
BENJAMIN F.BUTLER.
JOHN A. PETERS,
Managers oyi the part of the Uov c.
LYMAN TRUMBULL.
JOHN SCOTT.
T. W. OSBORN.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The report was adopted.
Mr. ELDREDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WHEELER. I now cali up the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the House
recommitted to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad House bill No. 1553, relating to the
Central Pacific Railroad Company. If that
vote shall be reconsidered, I propose to sub-
mit a substitute for the bill and amendments,
which substitute I ask the Clerk to now read
for the information of the House.
Mr. BANKS. I will inquire whether the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wheeler]
sends up this substitute to be read as a part
of his speech. If not, I object.
The SPEAKER. It will be read as a part
of the remarks of the gentleman from New
York.
The Clerk read as follows :
Whereas the Central Pacific railroad, the western
link in the chain of railroads connecting the Atlantic
and Pacific oceans, is now completed to Oakland,
opposite San Francisco, and it is important that the
western terminus of said railroad should be as near as
possible to San Francisco, and should havesufficient
accommodations for the travel and commerce pass-
ins over said road: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and Bouse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the use of one half of the island of
Yerba Buena, or Goat Island, in the Bay of San
Francisco, California, is hereby granted to the Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company, its successors and
assigns, for a terminus for its railroad, to be used
exclusively for railroad purposes; and this grant
shall continue so long as the said premises shall bo
used by said company, its suucessuis and assigns,
for the purposes above named, and no longer; and
said premises shall be subject to taxation as is
other like property under the laws of the State of
California; Provided, That within one month from
the passage of this act, the President of the United
States shall appoint three commissioners, who shall
be authorized at the expense of the Central Pacific
Railroad Company to examine said island, to hear
allegations and proofs, and to take into account
as well any benefits or any injury which may accrue
to the Government of the United States from
the execution of this act; and within three months
from their appointment, said commissioners, or a
majority of them, shall award such sum tor the use
of said half of said island, as granted by this act, as
in their judgment, or in th e judgment of a majority
of them, shall be deemed just and equitable, which
amount shall be paid by said Gentral Pacific Rail-
road Company, before it shall avail itself of this
grant; Provided further. That said one half of said
island shall be selected and designated within six
months from the passage of this act, by or under the
authority of the President of the united States:
And be it further provided, That this grant is upon
the express condition that the Government of the
United States hereby reserves the free use of the
whole of said island tor military purposes in time of
war, or in anticipation of war, when deemed neces-
sary by the President of the United States.
Sue. 2. That nothing herein contained shall destroy
or impair any lawful or equitable rights and claims
of private parties, if such exist, to the said island, or
any part thereof; and the said Central Pacific Rail-
road Company is hereby authorized to locate and
construct its railroad and telegraph line from its
present terminus at, Oakland to said island, and there
establish the western terminus of said railroad and
telegraph line; Provided, That this extension shall
be subject to the charter, laws, and conditions which
now govern the construction and existence of the
Central Pacifio railroad ; but no subsidy of any
nature whatsoever is hereby intended to be or is
given to the said Central Pacific railroad; Pro-
vided further, That said railroad shall reach said
island with its track, and occupy its designated por-
tion thereof, within three years from the time said
company shall be in undisputed possession, free from
adverse claimants: And be it further provided. That
the superstructure upon which the track shall be
placed shall be built upon piers, with spans of not
less than three hundred feet, which piers shall be re-
duced to a minimum, and also to the least possible
width consisient with safety, and so placed and
shaped with reference to the channel and direction
of the tides as to offer to the mas little obstruction as
Sec. 3. That if at any time the wants of commerce
or naval communication shall require it, upon the
direction of the President of the United States, the
said Central Pacific Railroad Company shall erect a
drawbridge over snch portion of the channel as
the engineer department of the United States shall
direct.
Sue. 4. That any and all railroad companies shall
have th e right to run their ears from the mainland
over the track of the Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany to said island, and thereupon have reasonable
tacilities and accommodations for doing business,
under such rules and regulations as shall be pre-
scribed by the said Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany ; but each company availing itself of this privi-
lege shall first pay to the Central Pacific Railroad
Company n just proportion of the cost of the im-
provements on said island, and the expenses incurred
in reaching the same from the mainland; such pro-
portion to be measured and determined by the bene-
fits which said railroad company may derive from
the use of said main track and island; and in case
of any disagreementbetween any such railroad com-
pany and the said Central Pacific Railroad Company,
as to the amounts to be paid, and as to the use and
occupancy ofsaid track and island, thesameshall be
determined by the Secretary of War, subject to the
approval of the Presidentofthe United States: Pro-
vided, That the said Central Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, and any other railroad company availing itself
of the privileges of this act, shall receive and deliver
freight and passengers which shall pass over their
lines of road, or any part thereof, without extra
charge, at one or more points convenient for busi-
ness and travel on the western shore of said bay, and
within the corporate limits of the city of San Fran-
cisco : Provided further, That the said Central Pacific
Railroad Company shall make no charge for wharf-
age for freight or passengers which have passed or
are to pass over their lineof road or any part thereof:
And be it further provided. That Congress reserves
full power, whenever in its judgment it may be prop-
er so to do, to authorize by law any other railroad
company or companies to construct and maintain its
or their own independent connections with and use
ot that part of the island of Yerba Buena, the use
of which is by this act granted, that shall not be
actually occupied for legitimate railroad purposes
under law of Congress at the time said subsequent
legislation may be had.
Mr. WHEELER. Mr-Speaker, I offer this
substitute on my own responsibility; but I
wish to say that it has the approbation of the
Committee on tlxe Pacific Railroad. It will be
seen b_y the House that it differs in several
particulars from the bill originally reported
by the committee.
The first point of difference is the proposi-
tion in the tenth line, which provides that the
"premises shall be subject to taxation as is
other like property under the laws of the Stat^
of California.'' When the bill was under con-
sideration in committee, the question arose
whether the company, if so disposed, might
not evade taxation upon the allegation that the
property belonged to the United States. To
remove that doubt, it has been expressly pro-
vided that the property shall be subject to
taxation as is other like property under the
laws of the State of California.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. What do you
mean by " like property."
Mr. WHEELER. Railroad property, build-
ings. tracks, &c.
The second provision, which is a material
one, is that the President of the United States
shall appoint three commissioners, who shall
examine this island in person; who shall take
into account as well any benefits as any
injury which the Government of the United
States may receive from this aet if carried
into execution, and shall award a gross sum
as damages for the taking of the island ; and
the company is not to enter into possession
until this award has been paid. It was deemed
better for the Government that this course
should be taken rather than that provision
should be made for an annual rent. However,
the House will have its election between this
proposition for an award and that of an annual
rent, as one of the amendments to the original
bill provides for the payment of a rent of
$50,000 per annum.
