1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3587
by the act of April 20, 1871. entitled " An act
to enforce the provisions of the fourteenth
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States." The power which the bill confers is
no other or different in the circuinstances of its
exercise from that which has been so benefi-
cently employed by him in nitie counties in
the State of South Carolina. Fortunately for
the country, he has found it necessary to use
his discretion in but a single State, and in but
a small portion of that. The result of its use,
in connection with the action of the Federal
courts, and the employment of military force
in their aid, has been to put a complete stop
to outrages in that section of the country.
Looking at the good results which have been
accomplished in that most disturbed district
of the entire South, who can doubt that Con-
gress acted wisely and in the interest of hu-
manity and justice in investing the President
with this power? Nobody has suffered, so
far as I am aware, who was not engaged in the
conspiracy, or against whom reasonable grounds
of suspicion did not exist. Hundreds of per-
sons whose guilty consciences in formed against
them, seeing that the Government was in
earnest in its purpose to put a stop to lawless-
ness and violence, have fled-to parts unknown.
Law has been reinstated, and protection given
to life and property by the passage of that act.
I know, sir, full well how jealous the people
of this country are of their liberties. They
regard this writ as their greatest safeguard.
They are not forgetful of its history and of the
struggles of the people of England to ingraft
it upon Magna Charta. The fathers of this
Republic wisely provided, wheu they came to
form the national Constitution, that its priv-
ilege should not be suspended unless when in
cases of rebellion or invasion the public safety
might require it. For myself I believe the
power is inherent in the office of the President
without act of Congress. An invasion may
occur or a rebellion spring up when Congress
is not in session, and when its suspension may
be necessary before this body could be con-
vened.
But it is unnecessary to argue that question
or refer to precedents. The only question now
is whether there is such a condition of things
in any part of the South as makes it prudent
to continue in force for a limited time this
provision in the act of April 20, 1871. The
object of this writ, as we all understand, is to
enable any person deprived of his liberty to
bring his case before a judge that the cause
and validity of his detention may be inquired
into. No one 'disputes the value of the writ,
nor that it is the bulwark of personal liberty,
nor that its privilege should never be sus-
pended except in great emergencies. No free
State can exist without it. Yet while all this
is true there are of necessity limitations to its
use. A man convicted of crime has no right
to invoke it in his cell in the penitentiary, or
while standing under the gallows ; nor in times
of war is its use practicable when civil law
is suspended and military organizations are
abroad controlling private action, and the voice
of the judge is drowned in the clash of arms.
And so, too, when there exists a wide-spread
conspiracy to deprive any portion or class of
the people of their rights under the law, by
intimidation, violence, and outrage; to over-
throw the laws which guard the life and liberty
of the citizen; when the local courts are utterly
powerless to deal with the criminals; where
the conspiracy manifests itself by bands of
armed men too numerous and powerful for the
civil officers to deal with them ; when arrests
with a view to trial and punishment would be
made nugatory through the complicity or fears
of the constituted authorities of the State,
there exists the same necessity for a suspen-
sion of the privilege of the writ as in case of
invasion and rebellion.
Indeed the state of things I have described
is a rebellion, which is simply a revolt against
the laws. Its purpose is to se4 them aside or
overthrow them; and it makes no difference
whether this purpose is restricted to a county
or spreads over a State. Among the Romans,
from whom the term is borrowed, a rebellion
was open resistance to their government by
the nations that had been subdued in war, but
its most commonly accepted definition is
"open resistance to lawful authority." But
Congress has defined with great u\inuteness
what shall constitute a rebellion, in the fourth
section of the act I have referred to, and I
will not detain the Senate by reading it. It is
adapted to the state of affairs which has pre-
vailed in some parts of the South since the
year 1868.
Mr. President, the question is, shall the
grant of this power of suspension be continued,
not indefinitely, but until the 4th of March
next? The answer to this question must
depend upon another question, whether the
public safety requires it. The committee of
which I have spoken have spent months in
taking testimony from every part of the South.
We have had volume upon volume of the evi-
dence printed, amounting to several thousand
pages. The report of the committee and the
views of the minority, in which the evidence
is summed up, alone amount to over one thou-
sand pages. Even the minority do not deny,
and 1 now quote their language, " that bodies
of disguised men have in several of the States
of the South been guilty of the most flagrant
crimes." They admit "they are not to be
palliated or excused." That is sufficient for
my purpose, although they make haste to deny
that the Ku Klux organization is a general
one, or that its acts have any political signifi-
cance. But it seems to me that a case is made
out for extraordinary measures when it is
proved beyond the power of contradiction that
in many counties in different States, the local
authorities are wholly incapable of affording
protection to life, liberty, and property, and
are unable to convict and punish the men who
openly defy and spurn the laws. We are deal-
ing with terrible facts which none are so hardy
as to deny. It is not a question whether the
plan of reconstruction was right or wrong,
nor whether negro suffrage was just or politic,
nor whether it has proved a success or failure ;
nor is it a question whether the State govern-
ments of the South have abused their oppor-
tunities, plundered the people, loaded them
with debts, and squandered the public money.
All this may be admitted for the sake of the
argument; and yet the issue is not. met.
This Government is charged with the duty
of suppressing rebellion and seeing to it that
all men entitled to its protection are protected.
Government is of little value to the governed
if large bodies of armed men may with im-
punity prowl at midnight through the country,
commit murders, arsons, and cruel outrages
upon defenseless people. The worst despotism
is better than such anarchy and lawlessness.
Sir, when I turn to the testimony spread
before Congress by this committee, taken
under oath and bearing the stamp of truth,
my heart sickens with the recitals of the
wrongs committed and heaped upon the hum-
ble, loyal, people of the South, The cold-
blooded murders committed by the Ku Klux
Klan are not numbered by hundreds, but by
thousands. In a single county in Alabama
they number foriy; m another, Tuscaloosa
county, in Alabama, as testified to by the
venerable chief justice of thatState, they num-
ber fifty. The cruel scourgings and mutila-
tions exceed by a hundredfold the murders.
The cruelties inflicted of whatever description
are marked by a ferocity, a heartlessness, an
indifference to human suffering that find no
parallel in the barbarities of savages.
The guilty perpetrators add to the bodily
sufferings the terrorsof superstition. The Ku
Klux clothe themselves in horrid disguises
when they go forth upon their adventures,
which give them a supernatural—I should
rather say an infernal appearanee—and they
disarm the superstitious negro of all hope of
defense against such emissaries from another
world by announcing themselves as spirits of
the confederate dead, clothed with immortal
power, who have come down from their home
in the moon to visit punishment upon him for
his misdeeds. Silently and swiftly in martial
array, at the dead hour of night, and when the
inmates of the humble cabin are buried in ■
peaceful sleep after the toils of the day, they
come unannounced save by the sharp barking
of the house dog. They come in squads of all
sizes, from a dozen up to a hundred ; some-
times on foot, most commonly on horseback.
They and their horses are completely dis-
guised, and their disguises are such as would
shake the stoutest heart. They are thoroughly
armed. Theirs is an errand of war and vio-
lence. By false and deceitful devices they
seek to enter the cabin. The Ku Klux is
as cowardly as he is cruel, as lying and
deceitful as his victim is credulous. He
fears the guu of the single man in that hum-
ble fortress opposed to an hundred. He
would not give him a single chance for his
life; he would not allow him to sell that life
at the expense of one of his cowardly murder-
ers. Most commonly they effect an entrance
by deceitful accounts and promises. Where
these fail the cabin is stormed, the door
broken down, and the house filled by armed
men. Then the tragedy opens. The obnox-
ious negro, whose crime is that he is a Radi-
cal, is torn from his family, assailed with
blows, dragged to the neighboring wood, and
hung to a tree, or dispatched by bullets and
knives. Often the females of the family are
subjected to outrages such as I may not de-
scribe. Not his cabin only, but many others,
a whole neighborhood, is visited by this party
of disguised troopers, where similar scenes are
enacted, and the work of the night is done.
They cannot tarry till the crowing of the cock,
or until morning sends forth upon the high-
ways its witnesses. They go as mysteriously
as they came; no one has seen them save the
startled sleeper from his window, or the be-
lated loiterer who crouches in the bushes
while the ghostly troop sweep by. The brief
summer night is passed. Morning has come
dispelling its mysteries and silence, and the
sun, which looked down upon Abel's blood
and his brother's crime, sheds his glory over
the world. Birds of sweetest music greet
his rising. Flowers and blossoms of peerless
beauty do him homage, and shed abroad their
fragrance in the eaily morning. All nature
and beautiful and lull of peace, save
where the devilish passions of man have turned
this heaven of beauty and love into a hell.
The preparations which follow death begin.
Few words are spoken, for the spell of fear
and horror is upon all. Of course there is
the mockery of an inquest which proves noth-
ing, involves nobody, which simply finds that
the mangled deceased has come to his death by
unknown hands, and then the dead are hastily
buried in rude coffins, and the affrighted fam-
ilies fly the dangerous neighborhood to other
parts, and there are fewer Radical votes in that
precinct at the next election.
And is this all? Alas, sir, it is. What, you
ask, was there no rising of an indignant com-
munity; did not justice follow fast upon the
footseps of the retreating murderers; was not
vengeance swift on their track? No, sir ;
nothing of the sort. I have heard of a few
cases—and they are but a few—where the
sheriff followed the next day with a meager
posse the tracks of the party to the river or
county line, and then turned back. Possibly
the matter was talked over by the next grand
jury, some of whom, or their sons, may
have been in the raid. Possibly, witnesses
who knew nothing, or knew too much,
were sent for and examined. But nothing
came of this grand inquest, whose office was to
learn everything, and whose powers were as
great as their duty was plain. They could
