1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1795
duties on whisky or tobacco, or anything else
that may be in bonded warehouses, or on which
no duties have been paid. Does it "make any
difference, so far as the question of principle
is coucerned and the question of power goes,
whether the destruction was one day or one
year after the articles were imported? I con-
fess that I cannot perceive the distinction,
looking at it now as a question of power and
not one of discretion.
I am very sure, Mr. President, if I should go
outside of the question of powerand look upon
it as a matter of discretion, that if it is proper
and right to remit these duties upon whisky
and tobacco, as we do every day, then there is
a higher morality and greater justice, and I
maintain as full constitutional warrant for
doing the one as the other.
But, sir, I desire to call attention to the fact
that this is not a local loss alone; I desire to
call attention to the fact that this is a national
loss; one affecting the wealth, the prosperity,
and the strength of the entire nation. I ad-
verted to that awhile ago, and I wish to refer
to it again. I think that the difficulty in the
argument on the other side is found in the fact
that they take too narrow a view of the real
question before the Senate. I feel assured
that if we could come to look at it in its broader
and higher and better sense, we would have
less difficulty in reaching a conclusion. I say
that this question is not a local one, but one
that affects the whole nation, affects its wealth,
strength, and prosperity. It is felt not alone
in Chicago or Illinois, but this loss is felt in
Iowa ana Maine alike, in California and Texas
alike.
That being so, when a great city with its
millions of capital, with its busy trade, with
its ability to add to the revenues of the coun-
try in its condition before the fire, is swept
away by such a conflagration as this, we should
deal with it as a national question and as a
national loss, and we should come to its con-
sideration in no narrow spirit, in no sectional
spirit, but in the broadest and most catholic
feeling. The question is, what can we do to
revive its trade? Not, I submit, what can we
do to benefit A or B, but what can we do to
revive its trade? What can we do to rebuild
its manufactories, to again place it in a con-
dition to assist in replenishing our Treasury
by the payment of taxes and duties?
Mr. President, Chicago rebuilt, and in a very
few years we shall have returned to us every
dollar of money that is taken from the Treas-
ury under this bill; Chicago left in ruins, and
we can have but little hope that we shall
receive those benefits. I therefore esteem
this as a question national in its character,
and it is important for us to determine what
is proper and best in view of the revenues
of the Government. Can we afford to say
that we will give either directly to Chicago
$500,000 or provide in advance that under
certain regulations she shall have a drawback
on certain articles imported by her? By doing
this, shall we benefit the Treasury more than
by leaving Chicago in ruins? I think that is
the real question. I do not care whether there
are any nabobs there or not. I do not care
whether every man in that city is poor or
rich. The question is, what is best for the
interests of the country and its revenues; and
it is upon that ground that I put this measure
finally. I repeat, the question is what is best
for the revenues of the Government, and not
whether we shall benefit one man more than
he ought to be benefited in Chicago or any-
where else.
There are other matters to which I should
like to refer, but will not take up the time to
do so. I wish to say one word, however, so
far as the matter of precedent is concerned.
It is a little remarkable that in the case of the
Portland fire this question of constitutionality
■was not raised. If it be said that it was not
raised then because it was not thought of, I
say it is ceitaiuly very clear it could not have
been very much in the way. If it is said it
was thought of and not raised, then I say the
argument is equally strong against those who
make the objection.
Then, so far as the fear of this bill as a pre-
cedent is concerned, I have this to say: it is
unlike cases that are determined in courts
where rights of property may depend and per-
sons may have acquired titles upon the strength
of decisions, where there seems to be and there
is very great force and propriety in the posi-
tion that there should be no change in them
except for the most cogent reasons ; but no
such reason as that applies here. We have
this matter in our own hands. As the senior
Senator from Pennsylvania said during the
first discussion upon this bill, we have had but
one Chicago and but one Chicago fire. When
you find another ease like this, or one approx-
imating to it, let the great heart of the nation
go out, as it has in this case, all over this land
in relief, and let the heait of the country,
through its representatives, relieve the suffer-
ing also ; butno one will claim by analogy to a
ease pending in court that because we relieve
Chicago we should fear that others may be
benefited also.
Mr. President, I may say to you hi conclu-
sion that I have had letters from horn? insist-
ing that I should vote both ways on this ques-
tion. Thoseinsisting that I should vote against
the bill have claimed that it is in principle a
departure from what they regard to be neces
sary and proper in the way of protection of the
iudustries of the country. I do not so regard
it. I regard every dol'ar that is thrown into
Chicago by mv help or assistance to rebuild
her manufactories, to start anew her spindles,
to open her shops—-every dollar thus thrown
in and every shop thus opened helps and assists
to develop the industries of the nation ; and it
is for that reasou, among others, that I pro-
pose to vote for this bill.
I have thus very hurriedly, and I know very
imperfectly, stated the reasons that influence
my action in this case. I repeat that I trust
this bill will be passed just as it is reported.
I hope we shall have no further amendments
made to it. If it be obnoxious to the charges
made against it, let it be defeated ; if not, let
the friends of the bill have it as they propose it.
Mr. CARPENTER.. Will my friend from
Iowa allow me to ask him a question before
he takes his seat?
Mr. WRIGHT. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask him whether in
his opinion a bill which should provide that
all articles imported into Wisconsin and used
there for the next twenty five years should have
a rebate or a drawback of the duties paid would
be a constitutional bill; in other words, whether
he thinks there is any distinction between mak-
ing such a provision for five States or one State,
or making it for a small territory within one
State ?
Mr. WRIGHT. Under the same circum-
stances, not at all. It does not affect the
principle. I stand upon the principle which
I have attempted very imperfectly to state. I
say it wouid not make any difference under
the same circumstances.
Mr. CARPENTER. And that, of course,
would not interfere with the uniformity of the
law for collecting duties throughout the United
States!
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Mor-
mll, of Maine, in the chair.) The question is
on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Moerill ]
Mr. LOGAN. I merely wish to say one
word in reference to these amendments. I
do not wish to continue the debate on the
bill. I simply desire to say to the Senate
that the principle of the bill is not changed
by this amendment at all, and I hope, if the
Senate intend to give us the bill, they will
give it to us as reported by the committee
without amendment. That is all I wish to
say.
Mr. CONKLING. I should like to inquire,
if the bill should be passed as reported by
the committee, it will still go back to the
House, will it not?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) It will go back to the
House of Representatives, with the amend-
ment.
Mr. CONKLING. In either event, whether ;
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont
be adopted or not?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will.
Mr. SHERMAN. • I understand that the
whole bill now is a substitute.
Mr. LOGAN. The whole bill is a substi-
tute, and it will have to go back to the House
to be concurred in, iu any event.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to say to the Sen-
ator from New York, however, that the
amendment reported by the Committee on
Finance is of such a chaiacteras not to change
the general features of the bill, and such as
the friends of the bill concur in, and therefore
in returning the bill to the House there will
not probably be any trouble oil that subject.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I do not
propose to discuss the constitutional point iti
connection with this bill. 1 consider that that
is forever set at rest. If not one word had
been said upon it except the response of the
Senator from Iowa to the question of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, it would have settled
that constitutional point in the mind of every
candid man, admitting that he was correct.
Therefore I shall not-allude particularly to the
unconstitutional feature s in this bill. 1 con-
sider it unconstitutional from beginning to
end. But I propose to speak of it upon its
wrongfulness. It is wrong—wrong in prin-
ciple and wrong in practice.
I do not wish to repeat myself, or to dwell
upon points that I made m the discussion of
this subject heretofore, but I do desire to take
a veiy brief review of the situation. Here was
a great conflagration, the greatest that the
world has ever seen. There has been nothing
to compare with it. A goodly portion of Chi-
cago was laid in ashes. But, sir, at the very
self-same time, and during the very self-same
conflagration a much larger part of the State
which I have the honor iu part to represent
was likewise laid in ashes. In point of actual
money loss the people in the northern regions
of Michigan suffered more per capita and per
dollar in wealth than did the citizens of Chi-
cago, and at the same time in actual loss of
life and human suffering tbey suffered infinitely
more than did the citizens of Chicago. As I
stated tbe other day, m two ccmities in Mich-
igan where there were seventeen hundred
dwelling houses, sixteen hundred and twenty-
four were utterly consumed, and the whole
population, with the exception of those resid-
ing in the seventy-six houses left standing,
were houseless, homeless, and foodless. Every
living thing was destroyed ; every animal, the
birds, and the wild beasts. It was one revel
of fire, and that over millions of acres.
Sir, we have had Chicago " on her knees in
ashes" before us, and I have no remarks to
make upon that; but I do wish to say that
where Chicago has one single acre of ashes,
the State of Michigan to-day has a thousand
acres in ashes as desolate as is Chicago.
Michigan alone, and that a very small portion
of the State of Michigan, suffered a loss
exceeding twenty million dollars by that
teriible conflagration. Whole villages were
wiped out as with the besom of destruction.
Mills, dwelling-houses, machinery, lumber,
everything that the hand of man had created
was wiped out as in a moment. But, sir, the
flames did not stop there. They then swept
over millions upon millionsof tbe finest timber
land on earth, and destroyed all the trees upon
those lands.
The parties living in these lumber woods,
who lost pro rata a greater amount of money
thay did any class in Chicago, are called upon
