THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
At the expiration of the recess the Senate
resumed its session.
absence 03? me. hill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair has
been requested by the Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Hill] to state to the Senate that he is
detained for a few days in consequence of sick-
ness in his family. He wished this announce-
ment to be made in consequence of an expecta-
tion on his part that matters relative to his
State might come up for consideration in the
Senate, and he desired, if possible, to be pres-
ent when they were considered.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 327) to establish the collection district
of Duluth, and to create St. Paul, in thecollec-
tion district of Minnesota, a port of delivery;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 328) in relation to the district courts
of Alabama; which was read twice by its title,
and ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. WINDOM asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 329) for the relief of Charles W. Whit-
ney; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. LOGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
330) to provide for the relief of sufferers by
fire in the city of Chicago; which was read
twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
president's annual message.
Mr. ANTHONY. The joint committee
appointed to wait on the President of the
United States and inform him that a quorum
of each House had assembled and were ready
to receive any communication he might be
pleased to make, have discharged the duty
assigned to them, and the President desired
the committee to report that he would com-
municate immediately to each House in
writing.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report of
the committee will be entered upon the
Journal.
Mr. Horace Porter, the President's Secre-
tary, appeared below the bar and said:
Mr. President, I am directed by the Presi-
dent of the United States to deliver to the
Senate a message in writing.
The message having been taken to the
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents to the Senate the annual message of the
President of the United States, which will be
read by the Secretary,
The Secretary proceeded to read the
annual message of the President of the
United States, as follows:
To the Senate and
House of Representatives:
In addressing my third annual message to
the law-making branch of the Government, it
is gratifying to be able to state that during
the past year success has generally attended
the effort to execute all laws found upon the
statute-books.
The policy has been, not to inquire into the
wisdom of laws already enacted, but to learn
their spirit and intent, and to enforce them
accordingly.
The past year has, under a wise Providence,
been one of general prosperity to the nation.
It has, however, been attended with more than
usual chastisements in the loss of life and
property by storm and fire. These disasters
have served to call forth the best elements of
human nature in our country, and to develop
a friendship for us on the part of foreign
nations whichgoes far toward alleviating the
distress occasioned by these calamities.
The benevolent who have so generously
shared their means with the victims of these
misfortunes will reap their reward in the con-
sciousness of having performed a noble act,
and in receiving the grateful thanks of men,
women, and children whose sufferings they
have relieved.
The relations of the United States with for-
eign Powers continue to be friendly. The year
has been an eventful one in witnessing two
great nations, speaking one language, and
having one lineage, settling, by peaceful arbi-
tration, disputes of long standing, and liable
at any time to bring those nations into bloody
and costly conflict. An example has thus
been set which, if successful in its final issue,
may be followed by other civilized nations,
and finally be the means of returning to pro-
ductive industry millions of men now main-
tained to settle the disputes of nations by the
bayonet and the broadside.
I transmit herewith a copy of the treaty
alluded to, which has been concluded since the
adjournment of Congress with her Britannic
Majesty, and a copy of the protocols of the
conferences of the commissioners by whom it
was negotiated. This treaty provides methods
for adjusting the questions pending between
the two nations.
Various questions are to be adjusted by arbi-
tration. I recommend Congress, at an early
day, to make the necessary provision for the
tribunal at Geneva, and for the several com-
missions on the part of the United States
called for by the treaty.
His Majesty the king of Italy, the presi
dent of the Swiss Confederation, and his Ma
jesty the emperor of Brazil, have each con
sented, on the joint request of the two Powers
to name an arbitrator for the tribunal at Ge-
neva. I have caused my thanks to be suitably
expressed for the readiness with which the
joint request has been complied with by the
appointment of gentlemen of eminence and
learning to those important positions.
His Majesty the emperor of Germany has
been pleased to comply with the joint request
of the two Governments, and has consented to
act as the arbitrator of the disputed water
boundary between the United States and Great
Britain.
The contracting parties in the treaty have
undertaken to regard, as between themselves,
certain principles of public law for which the
united States have contended from the com-
mencement of their history. They have also
agreed to bring these principles to the knowl-
edge of the other maritime Powers, and to
invite them to accede to them. Negotiations
are going on as to the form of the note by
which the invitation is to be extended to the
other Powers.
I recommend the legislation necessary on
the part of the United States to bring into
operation the articles of the treaty relating to
the fisheries, and to the other matters touching
the relations of the United States toward the
British North American possessions, to be-
come operative so soon as the proper legisla-
tion shall be had on the part of Great Britain
and its possessions.
It is much to be desired that this legislation
may become operative before the fishermen
of the United States begin to make their
arrangements for the coming season.
I have addressed a communication, of which
a copy is transmitted herewith, to the Gov-
ernors of New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio,
Indiana, Michigan, Illinois, and Wisconsin
urging upon the governments of those States
respectively the necessary action on their part
to carry into effect the object of the articli of
the treaty which contemplates the use of the
canals, on either side, connected with the
navigation of the lakes and rivers forming the
boundary on terms of equality by the inhab-
both countries. It is hoped that the
flmv' ihTCe -?i 0bject and the benefits to
flow therefrom will secure the speedy approval
and legislative sanction of the States con-
cerned.
I renew the recommendation for an appro-
priation for determining the true position of
the forty-ninth parallel of latitude where it
forms the boundary between the United States
and the British North American possessions
between the Lake of the Woods and the sum-
mit of the Rocky mountains. The early action
of Congress on this recommendation would
put it in the power of the War Department to
place a force in the field during the next sum-
mer.
The resumption of diplomatic relations be-
tween Prance and Germany has enabled me
to give directions for the withdrawal of the
protection extended to Germans in France by
the diplomatic and consular representatives
of the United States in that country. It is
just to add that the delicate duty of this pro-
tection has been performed by the minister
and consul general at Paris, and the various
consuls in Prance under the supervision of
the latter, with great kindness as well as with
prudence and tact. Their course has received
the commendation of the German Government
and has wounded no susceptibility of the
French.
The Government of the emperor of Ger-
many continues to manifest a friendly feeling
toward the United States, and a desire to har-
monize with the moderate and just policy
which this Government maintains in its rela-
tions with Asiatic Powers, as well as with the
South American republics. I have given
assurances that the friendly feelings of that
Government are fully shared by the United
States.
The ratifications of the consular and natu-
ralization conventions with the Austro-Hun-
garian empire have been exchanged.
I have been officially informed of the annex-
ation of the States of the Church to the king-
dom of Italy, and the removal of the capital
of that kingdom to Rome. In conformity
with the established policy of the United
States, I have recognized this change. 'The
.ratifications of the new treaty of commerce
between the United States and Italy have been
exchanged. The two Powers have agreed in
this treaty that private property at sea shall
be exempt from capture in case of war between
the two Powers. The United States have
spared no opportunity of incorporating this
rule into the obligation of nations.
_ The Forty-First Congress, at its third ses-
siouf made an appropriation for the organiza-
tion of a mixed commission for adjudicating
upon the claims of citizens of the United
States against Spain, growing out of (he insui-
rection in Cuba. That commission has since
been organized. I transmit herewith the cor-
respondence relating to its formation and its
jurisdiction. It is to be hoped that this com-
mission will afford the claimants a complete
remedy for their injuries.
tt ^ k?S keen made the agreeable duty of the
United States to preside over a conference at
Washington between the plenipotentiaries of
hpam and the allied South American repub-
lics, which has resulted in an armistice with the
remSvon^^ assurance of a permanent peace.
ihe intimate friendly relations which have
so long existed between the United States and
Kussia continue undisturbed. The visit of the
third son of the emperor is*a proof that there
is no desire on the part of his Government to
diminish the cordiality of those relations. The
hospitable reception which has been given to
the grand duke is a proof that on our side
we share the wishes of that Government. The
weXul2S course of the Eussian minister at
Washington rendered it necessary to ask his
recall, and to decline to longer receive that
lunctionary as a diplomatic representative. It
was impossible, with self-respect, or with a
just regard to the dignity of the country, to
permit M. Catacazy to continue to hold inter-
course with this Government after his personal
