1796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
for what? I hold in my hand numerous pro-
tests, not only from Michigan, although I have
several from Michigan, but from the Board of
Trade of Cincinnati, from Boston in Massa-
chusetts, from the Board of Trade of Milwau-
kee in Wisconsin, from Missouri, from Illi-
nois, from all parts of this Union against this
great wrong. I will ask the Clerk to read the
last protest received by me with the names
attached to the paper, representing something
over one hundred millions of the manufacture
of lumber.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Saginaw, Michigan, March 13,1872.
Bear Sir: We notice by the papers of yesterday
your motion before the Senate to refer the Chi-
cago relief bill back to a committee in order to
.give the delegation of lumbermen representing the
interests of this State an opportunity to present
their grievances against the Chicago relief bill.
"We wish to explain the reason why the committee
appointed to go on to Washington have been de-
Jirst, the bill was reported back to the Senate by
the committee j consequeatly we couianot bo heard.
Secondly, it is a season of tho year when all our
Kimbermen are getting ready to run their logs out
of the small stroams into the main rivers. Wo have
had very little rain or snow in comparison to pre-
vious years; the waters in all the streams are very
low, and fears are entertained of the logs not com-
ing outin consequence, which is of great importance
just at present to our lumber iutevests.
Wo wish to say to you and Messrs. Ferry and
Carpenter, of Wisconsin, that you must not «uiler
that relief bill to pass Oongiet>s, us it wouid be a
great injustice to Wisconsin and Michigan. If it
passes, these two Stales are tho only ones that will
contribute to the relief of Chicago in the way of
lumber ; and if the bill is in any way likely to puss,
wo wish to havo you niako a proposition to Con-
gress, namely, that wo had much rather, and we
•will, agree to lurnush to those suffeiers in tho Chi-
cago lire who are too poor and unablo to rebuild
what lumber they may require, provided tho Chi-
cago relief committee, or any other responsible
parties, will furnish names and bills of those who are
worthy to bo relieved, rather than to havo tho bill
pa«3 Congress, as it will open a way for fraud and
plunder, and will also open a door for Canada tu let
lumber into the States free of duty hereafter. Y ou
can readily see the injustice of iurnishiug a mar-
ket lor her lumber who has paid nothing to support
our Government during tho struggle to maintain tho
Union. They rendered us no assistance whatever,
neither had wo their sympathy, which was wholly
given to tho southern States.
And furthermore, while Chicago has suffored
largely by tho lito last fall, wo, the lumbermen of
AJUcljigtUi, have had our pine Umber burned over,
and our losses have boon largo, and it is a question
with us whether wo are not as great sufferers as par-
ties in Chicago asking lor relief. They can by their
untiring enterprise (for which they are so much
noted) rebuild their city in a short titnc\ but wo ean-
notexpuet to reinstate the growth of our pine trees
in our day and generation; so wo can with as much
propriety ank ol Congress to make an appropriation
for us as sufferers
We are opposed to this bill on general principles
as well as opposed to Congrews making up similar
losses in any maimer, yet as a last resort, and as a
much le^s objectionable measure, whatever you
must do lor Chicago sufferers, let it be direct from
the Treasury of the whole country, and not on
Michigan and Wisconsin alone, in supplying lumber,
or iu other words letting Canada send her lumber
fret- of duty to rebuild Chicago at the expense of
Michigan and Wisconsin.
Now, .sir, if this bill is referred back to tho com-
mittee, and you think it necessary tor us to bo heard
before that committee, please let us know and we
will be on hand.
Yours, respectfully,
NKWILTi BARNARD,
I). 11. JEROAIli & BROTHER,
1). 11. EASTMAN,
A. W. WRIGHT,
J. 11. PEARSON, Chicago.
C. K. EDELY,
CilAULlvS W. GRANT,
iSiSAliS HOLLAND,
W. R. BURT Jr CO.,
J. ¥. iUfNDY,
S. COLEMAN.
Hon. Zack. Ciianbler, Washington, D. C.
Mr. CHANDLER. Those gentlemen were
here, as 1 staled to the Senate, nearly or quite
two wet:k-'; waiting to be heard by the Com-
mittee on Finance. That piivilege was not
awarded them, as the bill was not recommitted
to the Committee on Finance. They would
have been glad to be heard, but I do not ask
it at the present moment. They set forth
their grievances in plain, intelligible language.
But, sir, 1 desire to have another protest
read from Burlington, in Jowa. It will be
seen that theopposition to this measure is not
confined to Michigan alone, but, as X said
before, the Boards of Tradeand the represent-
atives of business interests all over the coun-
try are making themselves heard in solemn
protest before this body against the passage
of this bill. I ask the Clerk to read a protest
from a very intelligent source in the State of
Iowa.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Burlington, Iowa, March 9,1872.
Bear Sir : I have not the honor of being known
to you, although I remember with pleasure an occa-
sion of meeting you many years ago in Detroit, at
the house of uay brother-in-law, Rev. Dr%EIdridge.
But knowing your great influence in theSenateand
country, and love ol fairness and justice in legisla-
tion, I venture to address you with a few sugges-
tions as to the application of Chicago rich real
estate men and speculators to Congress for a rebate
of all duties on imported building materials used to
rebuild their burnt district.
I know, of course, that you are opposed to the
measure, but have not observed the particular
grounds upon which you place your opposition. I
have noticed that Senator Ferry opposes the Chi-
cago relief bill mainly for the reason that the suc-
cess of it would be a direct blow against the lum-
bering interest, which is true and valid; but there
are numberless other reasons why the bill should
not pass. Some of them I will name. It is a direct
blow against tho growth and prosperity of every
other western city, because, giving Chicago the ad-
vantages asked for, that ciiy would be the place to
invest in buildings, and would to a great extent
drain other western cities of building capital,
mechanics, and laborers.
Many even in Chicago were at first opposed to the
measute because of its injustice, but thegreaterpor-
tion ol such were speedily loiced into acquiescence
by a lew wealthy and iniiuential men.
Nobody would object much to the Government
making an appropriation in money to be judiciously
distributed in aid of the suffering poor and home-
less. But this enterprise is not intended to beneht
the poor, who aro not thought of by the applicants,
but to increase their enormous wealth to the detri-
ment ot other western cities.
Throe quartets ot tho buildings burned were thaia
wooden tenements, mostly owned by rich landlords,
to whom their destruction is a positive gam by the
enhancement of the value of the ground covered by
thorn.
The total lops by the fire, as estimated by Chicago
men, was $RR),OUO.OOO, of which insurance companies
pay $00,000,000. Ol tho balance one half has to be
boino by eastern and other creditors, and the in-
creased value of land by being cleared of nuisances,
and the large, generous contributions from all this
country and nearly all tho world will make up a
bufjo poition of tho balance, so that Chicago really
butlers but a very small percentage of the losses.
Nature and fortunate ciruumsranees madeChicago
a lafge city, and tho same will soon rebuild tho
burnt district without unjust aid from tho national
Legislature.
The various railroads which center there (not
bunt or in any way aided in their construction by
Chicago ^ men) all discriminate in their tariffs in
favor of Chicago and again&t other cities which
havo largely contributed in building the roads,
which alone beneiits that city millions of dollars
yearly, also directly to the disadvantage of other
western cities.
I will not weary your patience any further, only
to say that overy reflecting man will regard this
Chicago enterprise with honest indignation.
I have expressed some ol my views upon this sub-
ject to several other members of Congress.
Trusting that the enterprise will be defeated, I
subscribe myself, your very obedient and humble
sorTaut« THOMAS HEDGE.
Hon. Zachariaii Chandler,
United States Senate, Washington, J). C.
Mr. CHANDLER. That letter sets forth
a fact to which I w;sh to call the attention of
the Senate. A very large portion of the
ground burned over in Chicago was covered,
as that letter states, by shanties, where the
ground was mostly upon ground rent, but im-
mediately after the fire, after this vast amount
of combustible material had been destroyed,
the city government of Chicago spread the
iireliuiits over the whole of this region. Hence,
every poor man who owned a house in that
district was absolutely prohibited from putting
up his cheap structure.
Mr. LOGAN. The Senator, I am sure, will
allow me to correct him. 1 know he does not
wish to misstate the facts.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly not.
Mr. LOGAN. The fire limits extend over
the south side and only a portion of the north
side, tho portion of the city the Senator speaks
of where the shanties were. I do not think
they could propeily be called shanties. They
were plain frame houses, lived in by Germans
and in nearly every instance the man owned
the property himself. That was in what was
called the north side, the business side of the
town being the south side, where the valuable
buildings belonging to wealthy men were
located. There the fire limits extend, and
only to a small portion of the north side. The
portion of the city, therefore, that the Senator
speaks of is not embraced in the fire limits. I
know the Senator does not wish to misstate
the facts. What I have said in regard to the
people there is true. They were Germans
■who had erected cheap houses, but neatly
every man owned his own house and lot.
Mr. CHANDLER. I obtained my informa-
tion from the Chicago papers, and from my
recollection of the map of the city it was my
impression that the fire limits were extended
over nearly the whole of that burnt district.
Mr. LOGAN. Oh, no.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 stand corrected.
Mr. LOGAN. They extend over the busi-
ness portion.
Mr. CHANDLER. At any rate the fire
limits were very largely extended.
Mr. LOGAN. That is very true, but not
over that part of the city where the plain
buildings stood.
Mr. CHANDLER. But, Mr. President,
■wherever those fire limits are extended, the
construction of cheap houses, as you are aware,
is absolutely prohibited. A member of the
Chicago committee that spent so much time
here in trying to lobby this bill through stated
before the Committee on Finance that he had
made a large purchase of real estate at §600 a
toot, which would at that time sell for §1,200
a foot; and another member of that commit-
tee iu speaking of the importation of glass
said, " Why we only use the very best French
plate-glass, sixteen feet high and eight feet
broad." That character of glass is not much
used by very poor people.
You have seen, sir, that every newspaper
in Chicago has been not only earnest in advo-
cacy of this bill, but very uncomplimentary to
those Senators who deemed it to be their duty
to oppose the bill. My colleague and myself,
1 think, have come in for a fair amount of
Chicago compliments during the last six or
eight weeks. Of course we feel very grateful
to the Chicago Tribune and the other news
papers that have noticed us in such flattering
terms. But, sir, there was absolutely a reign
of terror in Chicago. No man. no matter how-
much he was opposed to it, dared to oppose
the Chicago relief bill for fear of the denunci-
ation of the Chicago press if he attempted to
utter his honest sentiments. These Chicago
newspapers are very rich concerns. I believe
the Tribune is estimated to be worth one or
two millions. Others perhaps are equally
wealthy. They are the parties, they are the
"poor people," who are to be benefited by
this measure of relief!
My colleague has offered a proposition here
which, if adopted, will be of some benefit to
the poor people of Chicago, and both my col-
league and myself will vote lor that measure,
a liberal measure. He lakes the loss in Port-
land and the estimated loss in Chicago, and
proposes to make an appropriation of a round
sum a little more than Portland received pro
rata. But if his proposition is not considered
sufficiently liberal, my colleague and myself
will vote for a yet more liberal appropriation,
but one that shall extend to the poor as well
as to the rich.
Now, sir, what is the situation of the lumber-
men who are stricken at by this bill? As I
said to you a moment ago, the whole loss in
the^ State ot Michigan fell upon the lumber
regions. 1 do not know that there was a dol-
lar, except in the lumber regions, destroyed
by these fires. My colleague will remember
that better than I.
^r- FLRIil, of Michigan. The city of
Holland was burned.
^ Mr. CHANDLER. But the great mass was
m the lumber region*, and almost the whole
