900
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
would almost, if not quite, justify a resort to
arms to repel—it certainly contained in it
something that made an advance upon the old
Constitution as it respeets the equality of the
rights of citizens. It was not mere waste-
paper; it was not even "the sounding and
glittering generality" that the Declaration of
Independence is said to be; but it was a
eharter of rights, which was to seeure to citi-
zens that equality of protection under the law,
that equality of right and privilege which
belongs to citizenship in its truest and highest
sense.
My honorable friend from Ohio [Mr. Thor-
man] the other day, when I asked him a ques-
tion upon that subject as to what the fourteenth
amendment did mean if it did not mean the
things we supposed it to mean, told me that he
would answer me at a later part of his speech.
I regret extremely that my honorable friend
failed to give me that answer; and here we
have had him and others resisting this asser-
tion of the broad rights of citizenship, which
are in furtherance of justice and equality and
liberty under this amendment, without any of
its opponents undertaking to show that this
amendment confers any rights at all if it does
not confer these.
Why, sir, what did the honorable Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] do before you
had the fourteenth amendment or the fifteenth ?
He carried through Congress—and I wish
that his zeal had hung on a little longer—a
bill as an act of the law, which he thought to
be constitutional under the Constitution as it
was, which covers in principle, in my judg-
ment, everything that is contained in this
amendment; and what was it? The act of the
9th of April, 1866, which passed this body and
the House of Representatives by a two-thirds
vote over the veto of the then President of the
United States. He declared, as we all declared,
without the aid of the fourteenth amendment,
remember, that'' all persons born in the 0nited
States, and not subject to any foreign Power,
excluding Indians, not taxed, are hereby de-
clared to be citizens of the United Statesnot
citizens of some one State, subject to such sov-
ereign prescription or exclusion as a majority in
that State might declare should apply to them,
but citizens of the nation; and that "such citi-
zens, of every race and color, without regard
to any previous condition of slavery or invol-
untary servitude, except as a punishment for
crime whereof the party shall have been duly
convicted, shall have the same right in every
State and Territory of the United States to
make and enforce contracts, to sue, be par-
ties, and give evidence, to inherit, purchase,
lease, sell, hold, and convey real and personal
property, and to full and equal benefit of all
laws and proceedings for the security of per-
son and property as is enjoyed by white citi-
zens, and shall be subject to like punishment,
pains, and penalties, and to none other, any
law, statute, ordinance, regulation, or custom
to the contrary notwithstanding."
If it was lawful, as we all believe (saving
our friends of the other party) that it was, to
declare without the fourteenth amendment
that the colored man should have a right to
stand on an equality with the white citizen as
it respected all rights of citizenship ; if it was
right to declare that he should be a witness,
in spite of any State statute or ordinance to
the contrary notwithstanding, where is the
authority which gives us a right to say that he
may be called as a witness by the judgment
and proeess of a court, may testify to a jury,
but may not be called as a juryman to hear
the same testimony?
If it is a civil right to be a witness in a cause
in which you have no interest, and thus to aid
as a citizen in the furtherance of justice, is it
not also a civil right, standing on an equality
with your white brother or with your black
one, if the case were reversed, to exercise the
other and the analogous and the perfectly cor-
relative function of acting as a trier upon the
testimony that shall be given? Why, sir, no
sound distinction can be made; no sound dis-
tinction, I think, can be taken ; and therefore
I have not the slightest doubt that, without
the fourteenth amendment, but gtanding upon
the broad and catholic doctrine that my honor-
able friend from Illinois so stoutly and bravely
and successfully maintained then, we could
have provided for this very thing at that time.
But like wise men, (and he was a wise man,)
we yielded to the little pressure that existed
and only sought to earry what we could carry
in spite of State law and what we could carry
by a two-thirds vote, so as to save all that
was possible of equal rights and fair play under
the Constitution as it then stood.
What have we done since? Will anybody
rise in his place and say that in the face of
that we have taken the pains by a solemn
act of three fourths of the States to adopt the
fourteenth amendment without any reason
for it, without any occasion for it, without its
being in fact, as it was in intention, designed,
calculated, and effective to accomplish a
change in the national Constitution, and to
broaden in some degree and in some way the
national rights of citizens,and to protect to some
extent and under some power the rights which
citizens ought to be protected in. No man can
deny it. What, then, is it that we have done?
If we have not by the fourteenth amendment
accomplished something in declaring that the
privileges and immunities of citizens shall be
sacred everywhere and the national power shall
protect them, what have we done ? If it is not
a privilege and immunity of a citizen, being
otherwise equal and otherwise qualified, to stand
on an equality irrespective of color, what is a
privilege and an immunity of citizenship upon
which you can stand?
I agree that a colored man has no right be-
cause he is a colored man, and that a white man
has no right because he is a white man, to be
called on a particular jury, for onereason which
I have already stated, that it is not a place that
anybody is entitled to hold; but the point is
this: that every citizen otherwise qualified
has a right to stand in that class where the
law may call him to perform the duty of a citi-
zen in the administration of justice. There is
the distinction ; and therefore this provision
of the amendment of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts does not declare that black men shall
be jurors, but it declares that no statute, ordi-
nance, or regulation whatever, shall exclude
men because they are black from the common
right of all citizens otherwise qualified and in
conformity to law to be called on a proper
occasion.
Mr. President, it appears to me that there
is large moment in this amendment in this
very matter of a jury. What, sir, is more
necessary to peace and security in the admin-
istration of justice in the southern States,
where in many of those States there is a ma-
jority of colored people, than that they should
have the constitutional right to participate in
the administration of justice? Where would
be the value of declaring that a colored man
should have equal rights of trial by jury and
equal rights of judgment by his peers, if you
are to say that the jurors are to be composed
of the Ku Klux, and that the only status the
colored man shall have in court, shall be that
he shall stand either as a respondent or it
maybe as a witness? You are to put him
into the hands of his enemies for trial.
My friend from Wisconsin has said that there
is no power to enforce a provision of this kind,
that we are undertaking to administer State
laws, and, therefore, if there be a failure to
comply with this prohibition of exclusion in
any State, the necessary consequence is that
we must interfere by Federal power, and that
we must take possession of the State courts
and organize them ourselves. That, Mr. Pres-
ident, is a large mistake, as it appears to me.
My honorable friend from Wisconsin, I am
afraid, had forgotten for a moment the provis-
ion in the sixth article of the Constitution of
the United States, which declares that—
"This Constitution,and tbelaws oi'the United States
which shall be made in pursuance thereof; and all
treaties made, or which sh&U be made, under the
authority of the United States, shall be the supreme
law of the land; and the judges in every btate shall
be bound thereby, anything in the Constitution or
laws of any State to the contrary notwithstanding."
Therefore, if this be a constitutional pro-
vision, it speaks directly under the Constitu-
tion, and in its language, to "the judges in
every State;" aud it' a judge in any Stat<? dis-
regards it, it is not necessary, and except
in a very extreme emergency it would not be
proper, that there should be any Federal inter-
ference. The right that is secured to the citi-
zen will be justified under the law and through
the law, because if the judge fails to perform
his duty, then the statutes have already pro-
vided, as in all other cases, the easy means of
redress. The calm progress of the law goes
forward, and if it should turn out that auy
State judge should set his face to the exclusion
of a man, because he was not as white as the
judge, from being a juror, not the marshal of
the United States, not the judge of the United
States, would interfere with the State law, but
the judgment of the law itself, on a proper
appeal, would settle the question as to the
right.
There is, therefore, no such difficulty as my
friend apprehends in the way of the execution
of this section; and really (with all the respect
that I have for the rest of the amendment
touching carriers, &c.,) it seems to me that
there is no one part of it that as a practical
question is of one hundredth or one thousandth
the value of the declaration which we shall
make under the Constitution of the United
States that in every one of the southern States,
in a people composed largely of this colored
population, that population shall feel and the
white population shall feel that they partici-
pate equally and fairly in the administration
of justice and in the protection of private
rights. If you deny that you deny everything,
because there is nothing of government if
you do not have it execute justice, and you
cannot have it execute justice if you are to
exclude from the jury-box one half its popu-
lation, otherwise qualified, and whose dearest
rights and interests are to be submitted to its
decision.
I hope, therefore, that this section will stand.
I have no doubt it is constitutional.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony.) The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Wisconsin to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. ROBERTSON called for the yeas aud
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. THURMAN. For the same reason
which 1 gave for voting against the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Jersey, I shall
vote against this amendment, although my
opinion concurs with the Senator from Wis-
consin in regard to it.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vote is taken,
I wish simply to make one remark. There is
a famous saying that comes to us from the last
century, that the whole object of government
in England, of king, lords, and commons, is
to bring twelve men into a jury-box. Sir, that
is the whole object of government not only in
England but in every other country where law
is administered through popular institutions ;
and especially is it the object of government
here in the United States; and the clause in
the bill which is now proposed to strike out is
simply to carry out that great principle of
popular institutions.
. Mr. CARPENTER. I want simply to say
in reply to that remark, that we have already
carried out the principle in every court of the
United States; and the remark made by Mr.
Bnrke leaves the question untouched whether
this Government can constitutionally set up
juries in the State courts.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am paired, as I stated,
