2692
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
The third change is in the provision of the
substitute that the Government may take pos-
session of the whole island for military purposes
in time of war or in anticipation of war. The
original provision was that the Government
might take possession of the island during
war.
The fourth amendment is that which pro-
vides that this superstructure shall be placed
upon piers with spans of not less than three
hundred feet in width. This provision has
been inserted for the purpose of meeting the
objection that this improvement would work
the obstruction, if not the destruction, of the
harbor of San Francisco. The mayor of San
Francisco, the officers of the Chamber of
Commerce of that city, and other citizens,
recently addressed a communication to five
officers of the engineer corps upon the Pacific
coast, and submitted this inquiry:
" What, would be the effect, if any, in shoaling the
harbor and bar of San Francisco, consequent upon
the erection of a bridge resting upon piers, connect-
ing Goat Island with Oakland Point ?"
The answer of these five engineers is this:
"Abridge on piers between Yerba Buena island
and Oakland Point would have no appreciable
efi'ect in shoaling the San Francisco harbor or bar
if the bridge were built on small piers with spans
of three or four hundred feet; in other words, the
number of piers reduced to a minimum, and also of
the least possible width consistent with safety, and
so placed and shaped with reference to the channel
and the direction of the tides as to offer to them as
little obstruction as possible."
The substitute which has just been read
adopts this identical language, and provides:
" That the superstructure upon which the track
shall be placed shall be built upon piers, with spans
of not less than three hundred feet, which piers shall
be reduced to a minimum, and also to the least
possible width consistent with safety, and so placed
aud shaded with reference to the channel and direc-
tion of tne tides as to offer to them as little obstruc-
tion as possible."
The identical language of these five engin-
eers.
These engineers are B. S. Alexander, lieu-
tenant colonel engineers, brevet brigadiergen-
eral United States Army; A. P. Rodgers,
assistant Coast Survey; G. H. Mendell, major
of engineers ; C. Seaf'orth Stewart, lieutenant
colonel United States engineers; R. S. Wil-
liamson, major United States engineers. They
report this will not work any injury to the
harbor of San Francisco.
The fifth amendment provides that the Cen-
tral Pacific Railroad Company shall make no
charge for wharfage for freight or passengers
#which have passed or are to pass over that
island. It is deemed just that some compen-
sation should be made to the Government for
the cession of one half of this island, and free
wharfage for the commerce of the country is
no small boon. As I stated in a former dis-
cussion, all through commerce passing through
San Francisco pays to private wharf-owners in
San Francisco two dollars a ton. This amend-
ment is made for the purpose of allowing the
House to say whether through commerce shall
pass through that city free, or pay to private
owners of wharves in San Francisco two dollars
a ton.
The sixth amendment is that which provides
Congress reserves full power to grant such
portions of this island as may not be used by
the Central Pacific Railroad Company to
other railroads.
I have sought in these amendments to meet
every substantial objection heretofore urged
against this bill. I now ask the previous ques-
tion on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman from New York permit me to ask him
a question?
Mr. WHEELER. Certainly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think there
are two amendments which the gentleman from
New York would not object to add to the ones
which he has already stated.
Mr. WHEELER. I will be willing to hear
any amendments which gentlemeD may sug-
gest when this bill comes before the House for
consideration.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a question of
order, that this bill is not before the House
yet for amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The amend-
ment which I suggest is that if in case of war
the Government of the United States should
order the removal of this depot it shall be at
the expense of the company, and not at the
expense of the United States.
Mr. WHEELER. I will withdraw my de-
mand for the previous question, and yield
to the gentleman from California, [Mr. Sar-
gent.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The bill ought
to contain a provision of the sort I suggest.
Mr. WHEELER. When the bill is before
the House. I will consider any amendment
which may be proposed.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. All I ask is a
chance to move such an amendment.
Mr. WHEELER. I yield now to the gen-
tleman from California.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, the interests
of the State of California are deeply involved
in this bill. I have endeavored to examine it
without too much regard for the extravagant
denunciations of those who would peril every
material interest of the State out of personal
hatred for the railroad company, and without
being too much influenced by the scurrilous
abuse of those whose private interests are put
in the scale against the great wants of com-
merce and preferred to the real good of our
queen city. On one hand in this contest in
California are those who can sec no good in
anything that is not inimical to the railroad
company, reenforced by those who would create
rival towns at Saucelito or elsewhere ; on the
other those who think the question is broader
than a strife of localities, and who care for the
genera] business of the State and nation.
So far as the interests of the company are
concerned, while I believe in justice to them,
I more strongly believe in the necessity for
facilities to move our vast wheat crop, to en-
tice the trade of Asia, and to give an outlet to
our manufactures to the opulent and extend-
ing markets of the East. That I and my col-
leagues are not alone in our views on this
matter I am prepared to prove. I admit that
San Francisco has spoken by the ordinarily
recognized modes against the bill that was last
considered by the House. In deference to the
objections that seemed to be urged by respect-
able organs of public opinion, I have coun-
seled such modifications as would obviate all
those objections; and the suggestions have
been heeded.
It was objected that a solid causeway from
Oakland to Goat Island would turn all the
water, between the island and the city of San
Francisco so as to increase the strength of the
tides, scour away the holding-ground at the
bottom of the harbor, and perhaps affect the
entrance. But it was said by Professor Peirce,
by engineers recently, and by all other authori-
ties, thata bridge with piers three hundred feet
apart, &c., would not have that effect. Very
well; the very language of the engineers has
been adopted to regulate the construction of
the bridge.
Again, it was urged that the company could
use the island for wharfage and warehouse
purposes, and thus impose taxes on commerce
or build up a new city. That is expressly
prohibited in the bill, and guards inserted
making it impossible.
_ It was said property would be built up not
liable to taxation under State laws. That is
guarded against by a provision rendering the
property liable to such taxation. Every point
of objection has been sought to be avoided,
save the one that no terminus except an
insecure wharf end shall be afforded to the
greatest railroad of the world.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 rise to a point of order.
Is this whole subject open to debate on a mo-
tion to reconsider?
The SPEAKER. The motion to recon-
sider opens debate in the widest, sense.
Mr. SARGENT. But I am fully prepared
to show that the bill as it existed before these
modifications had the approval, at any rate was
not objected to by the people and press of San
Francisco. I think it is fair to infer the sen-
timent of San Francisco from the course of its
Senators, if that course was never challenged.
The bill was fully considered in the Senate in
1868 in the form in which it was recently re-
ported from the Committee on Pacific Rail-
roads. 1 have the debate in my hand, and
will call attention to a few passages. Both
California Senators engaged in the debate, and
I cite the language of one of them on the sub-
ject. The Globe has the following:
" Mr. Cole. There is certainly nothing in the
way of building the road to the shore of the mainland
and out into deep water opposite San Francisco in
case they choose to stop there rather than to go to
this island. However, I am quite willing that this
company shall have their depot and place of trans-
shipment upon the island of Yerba Buena."
So far at least as the two Senators of that
day, Mr. Conness, who supported the bill, and
Mr. Cole, were concerned, there was an entire
willingness "that this company should have
their depot and place of transhipment upon
the island of Yerba Buena." Nothing more
was proposed in the bill recently before the
House.
But in that debate there cropped out the vil-
lainous scheme, in support of which there is
now a ravenous lobby prowling about the Cap-
itol, to deliver over this island to speculators.
This is a big job, worthy of notice, that it
would seem only corrupt fingers could handle.
There is a scheme on foot, and then had its
inception, to give Yerba Buena island to pri-
vate claimants who had and have no more
right to it than I have, and this in disregard
of any wants of the Government for fortifica-
tion purposes, and in view of the farther fact
that the only use of the island could be for
fortifications or for a railroad terminus.
I need not say that if these schemes could
succeed the island would be at once sold to
the railroad company, and that that is the
object of this pressure for the title by these
hungry individuals who bore us with impor-
tunities to have this island made over to
them. How San Francisco would be bene-
fited by transferring this land through Thomas
Dowling, or rather through those who hold his
"title," to the railroad company, instead of
the company gettiug it by a direct grant, has
never been explained, and probably will not
be. Gross and exaggerated stories, known, 1
think, to be false, were told in that debate to
bolster up the pretensions of these lobbyists
to the island. I quote from the Globe:
" Mr. Cole. I move to amend the bill by inserting
as an additional proviso the following:
"And provided further. That this act shall not im-
pair the rights or claims of persons in possession of
the island of Yerba Buena at the time of the mili-
tary occupation thereof, or who have been ousted
therefrom by military force, nor the assignees or
grantees of such persons; butsuch rights and claims
shall be ascertained and liquidated according to the
laws of California.
" Mr. Howard. I hope that amendment will not
be adopted.
" Mr. Cole. The facts, so far as this amendment
is concerned, are, that there were persons in posses-
sion of this island, living there with their farm-
houses and improvements, who had been there for
many years. I think their occupation began before
the acquisition of the country by the United States.
They were in quiet and peaceful possession of their
homes upon the island until about a year ago, or
perhaps until the year 1866, at which time, after the
war had ended, the military authorities took posses-
sion of the island and ousted these parties. This
was done by the strong arin of military forco, and
without any adjudication of their rights. These
persons were in possession of this property by as
much right as other citizens m San Francisco held
the property that they occupied; for it will be re-
membered that this island is wirliin the boundaries
of tho city of San Francisco. Other persons upon
trie main land in the oity of San Francisco regard
themselves as justly entitled to tho property they
were in possession of, and which has oeen granted
