3588
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
have brought every man, woman, and child of
the county before them and compelled them
to testify. The law and the common safety
demanded that no means should be left unem-
ployed to find out and present the murderers.
Now, sir, what I want to emphasize and
what I want the whole country to understand
in respect to these Ku Klux outrages, is this:
that out of the hundreds and thousands which
have been committed in the cotton States,
there does not exist the record of a single con-
viction in a single court where the murdered
man or the mutilated man was a loyal negro
of Radical faith, and his murderers were Ku
Klux. I am speaking now of the State courts,
and with six or seven thousand pages of testi-
mony before me, taken by the committee ; and
if a single exception exists where punishment
Las followed, I hope to be corrected.
I have myself questioned intelligent men all
through Alabama and Mississippi, while en-
gaged in this committee work, whether they
knew or had ever heard of any such punish-
ment, and the answer has been uniform. I
ought to except a few sporadic cases where
it was said negroes had Kukluxed negroes.
But the general fact remains, the testimony
is mountain high that this carnival of crime
has gone on for years and nobody has been
found out; no one has be.en punished until
latterly since Congress has armed the Federal
courts with power to grapple with this terrible
organization.
Now, sir, before going further I want to meet
and answer the excuse commonly given by the
intelligent white men of the South—the men
who went into the rebellion ; the men who
constitute the backbone of the Democratic
party in the South—for this failure of justice.
1 have asked them a score of times, where is
the intrinsic difficulty in discovering and bring'
ing to justice the criminals? The answer gen-
erally given is, that the men concerned in this
lawlessness are so effectually disguised and do
their bloody work at such an hour of the night,
that detection is impossible—simply impos-
sible; aud'theysay this with a look of virtuous
despair. The less discreet or more honest,
admit that it wonld be attended with hazard
to push inquiries too far or closely; that med-
dlers bent on satisfying their curiosity might
draw on themselves the attention of this secret
order. Then, again, it is suggested that upon
every grand jury would be found men whose
interest it was to prevent the truth coming to
light; that tbo witnesses summoned may them
selves have been engaged in the raid or had
sons or lathers, brothers or friends in it.
To sum up the excuses it is said they are so
effectually disguised, move in such numbers,
are so bound together by oaths and a common
sense of danger, and frequently come from
such a distance, that it is impossible to dis-
cover who the guilty parties are. But to this
I answer that the Federal courts, since the
jurisdiction has been extended to them, have
had no trouble of the kind. They have found
within the last year hundreds of indictments
in the* States of North and South Carolina,
Alabama, and Mississippi, against these Ku
Klux gentlemen, and turmshed a few of them
lodgings in the penitentiary. That is sufficient
answer of itself, and proves the excuse set up
for the criminal default of the State courts
a sham and a lying pretense.
But the pretense is absurd in itself. It is
a well-settled axiom in the administration of
criminal justice that just in proportion as the
Becret of a crime is shared by two or more the
chances of detection increase. It is always
safest when deposited in a single breast. Then
again, how is it possible that fifty men should
be concerned in a midnight enterprise of crime
without previous concert? As they move in
a body they must have come together at some
place at a particular hour and by previous ar
rangement. They have had a rendezvous some'
where on the route. Now, the query is, how
sould so many men provide themselves with
horses, disguises, and arms, leave so many di£
ferent homes, come together by so many dif-
ferent routes, and be absent all night, without
anybody knowing it? These men have, all of
them, parents, or brothers and sisters, wives
or children. They all belong to some house-
hold where they sleep and eat. They them-
selves and their horses must sho w signs of the
night's hard ride, possibly of its murderous
work. Somebody must note and remember
these signs. Somebody has furnished the
horses, the arms, the ammunition, the mate-
rials for the disguises worn. Somebody, some
perplexed tailor, has fabricated these ghostly
garments and artistic head coverings, with
their openings and horns. These horses have
all left foot-prints in the earth. A diligent
search would track half the horses to the sta-
bles or fields to which they were returned.
If the whole neighborhood were not in con-
spiracy to hide the crime and screen the per-
petrators, some of these many threads to dis-
covery would lead to their detection. It could
not be otherwise in a sound, healthy commun-
ity, which had any disposition to maintain the
laws. It is a reproach to the intelligence and
enterprise of the southern people to suggest
that such crimes could remain hidden. It is
amazing that to shelter such miscreants they
will stultify themselves.
While the committee were prosecuting this
investigation, and intelligent Democratic wit-
nesses were putting up this pretext, and pre-
tending that this thing went on unchecked by
their courts because of the impossibility of
discovering the guilty parties, they never could
or would give a straightforward answer to this
question. "You say it is impossible to find
them out. Now, suppose the case reversed ;
suppose a white citizen of standing and in-
fluence were thus taken out of his bed at night
by disguised men and scourged or murdered,
would there be the same apathy, the same
feeble effort, the same alleged difficulty in dis-
covering the guilty parties? On the contrary,
would not the community rise up as one man,
would not a thousand eyes be on the alert to
note every sign which might lead to discovery ;
would men rest or let the thing drop until the
criminals were found and brought to justice ?
Without dwelling longer, I trust I have dis-
posed of this shallow pretext. But, sir, who
are the guilty parties, and what are their mo-
tives? I know what is claimed by the Oppo-
sition here, and I know the theory on this
subject of those who give tone to public opin-
ion in the South. They pretend that these
crimes have no political significance whatever
but are the work of the poor, the lawless, anc.
irresponsible white men of that region, who,
it is said, are the enemies of the freedman
jealous of his lately acquired civil and polit-
ical rights, envious of the planter's preference
for his labor, and bent on getting rid of his
competition. Such is the theory of the mi-
nority of the committee. They insist that
these outrages are neither committed nor
sanctioned by the respectable classes, and
that they are not to be held responsible for
them. But is this true? So far from be-
ing true, 1 insist that the investigations, thor-
ough and exhaustive, which have been made
by the congressional committee and in the
'Federal courts, have conclusively implicated
the intelligent and property-holding classes in
these outrages, and fixed the responsibility on
them for their indulged continuance without
punishment or prosecution even. From whom
but this class come the funds which support
these costly military organizations, which sup-
ply the horses, equipments, arms, ammuni-
tion, and disguises; the intelligence which
directs the movements of these lawless bodies
and prevents discovery? Who have the
greatest motives for inflicting these pun-
ishments? Suppose the charge to be that
a freedman has stolen cotton, corn, or cattle ;
the planter is the injured party, and not the
poor white class, who have nothing to be
stolen. He is the one interested in punishing
the thief. He may employ these poor whites
as his instruments, but he is the moving
power; he is the responsible party.
Colored schools are broken up and the sehool-
houses burned-by the hundred. I his is a
favorite pastime with the Ku Klux gentlemen.
These brave fellows specially delight to deal
with school mistresses. There is no d.mger
there. Butwho are most interested in breaking
up schools and instigating raids upon the teach -
ers and school-houses? I answer, the men of
property, the tax-payers, the men who hold
tax-payers' conventions and denounce taxes,
and compel those who levy them to resign;
the men who fill the country with their clamor
that they are impoverished, robbed, and plun-
dered under the new order of things I
And then again, who are the most interested
in acquiring the political control in the State
and in the counties? There is no cause so
often assigned for Ku Klux misdeeds as the one
that the victim is a Radical and votes the Rad-
ical ticket. You may take ten cases of whip-
ping, and nine of them shall be for this cause,
if the victim, who knows best, is to be be-
lieved. He hears and knows from the mouths
of his persecutors what he is whipped for.
Now, I ask, who is most interested in the freed-
man's political conversion? Who about elec-
tion times go to him with smooth speech and
use persuasive argument to induce him to vote
the Democratic ticket? I answer, it is the old
ruling class, the property-holders.
I am tempted, Mr. President, to turn aside
a moment to repeat the argument. He is
reminded how harmonious was the relation
between the two races when the one was the
master, the other the slave ; how he was fed,
clothed, and cared for in sickness ; how m his
indigence he must still look to his old master
for employment, food, raiment, protection.
He is reminded that the two races are depend-
ent on each other, the one having the capital,
the other supplying the labor, and that they
should act in concert; he is warned not to
put his faith in these Radical strangers, who
have come down South spreading pernicious
doctrines, and who aim to ride into office and
power on the negro vote and enrich themselves
at the public expense.
In stating their argument I have shown, sir,
who are responsible for these scourgings for
opinion's sake. It is the old ruling class, the
men who own the plantations and property,
and must pay the taxes. They are the men
most interested in molding the opinions of
voters.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him a moment? Do I under-
stand him to say that the investigation of this
committee and the investigation of the Federal
courts prove that the property-holders in the
South are the responsible parties for the out-
rages that he alleges to have been committed
there?
Mr. PRATT. The Senator understands me
correctly.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Then I ask if he knows
of any instance where those men have been
prosecuted under the provisions of the act
passed last session, which gives ample power
to punish any person who has entered into any
conspiracy ?
Mr. PRATT. Certainly ; the records of the
courts in three or four States are full of such
cases.
Mr. SAULSBURY. How many ?
Mr. PRATT. If you will examine the re-
port of the majority of this committee you will
ascertain how many prosecutions have been
instituted in North Carolina and South Caro-
lina.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I beg to be excused
from examining the seven thousand pages of
testimony.
Mr. PRATT. I will take great pleasure in
showing them to the honorable Senator from
Delaware after I get through with my remarks.
