187J.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5
abuse of Government officials, and during his
persistentinterference, through various means,
with the relations between the United States
and other Powers. Ill accordance with my
wishes, this Government has been relieved of
further intercourse with M. Catacazy, and the
management of the affairs of the imperial lega-
tion has passed into the hands of a gentleman
entirely unobjectionable.
With Japan we continue to maintain inti-
mate relations. The cabinet of the Mikado
has, since the close of trie last session of Con-
gress, selected citizens of the United States to
serve in offices of importance in several depart-
ments of government. I have reason to think
that this selection is due to an appreciation of
the disinterestedness of the policy which the
United States have pursued toward Japan. It
is our desire to continue to maintain this dis-
interested and just policy with China as well
as Japan. The correspondence transmitted
herewith shows that there is no disposition on
the part of this Government to swerve from its
established course.
Prompted by a desire to put an end to the
barharous treatment of our shipwrecked sailors
on the Corean coast, I instructed our minister
at Peking to endeavor to conclude a conven-
tion with Corea for securing the safety and
humane treatment of such mariners. Admiral
Rodgers was instructed to accompany him with
a sufficient force to protect him in case of
need. A small surveying party sent out, on
reaching the coast, was treacherously attacked
at a disadvantage. Ample opportunity was
given for explanation and apology for the
insult. Neither came. A force was then
landed. After an arduous march over a rug-
ged and difficult country, the forts from which
the outrage had been committed were reduced
by agallant assault and were destroyed. Hav-
ing thus punished the criminals, and having
vindicated the honor of the flag, the expedi-
tion returned, finding it impracticable, under
the circumstances, to conclude the desired con-
vention. I respectfully refer to the correspond-
ence relating thereto, herewith submitted, and
leave the subject for such action as Congress
may see fit to take.
The republic of Mexico has notyet repealed
the very objectionable laws establishing what is
known as tbe "free zone" on the frontier of
the United States. It is hoped that this may
yet be done, and also that more stringent
measures may be taken by that republic for
restraining lawless persons on its frontiers.
I hope that Mexico, by its own action, will
soon relieve this Government of the difficul-
ties experienced from these causes.
Our relations with the various republics of
Central and South America continue, with one
exception, to be cordial and friendly.
I recommend some action by Congress
regarding the overdue installments under the
award of the Venezuelan claims commission
of 1866. The internal dissensions of this Gov-
ernment present no justification for the absence
of effort to meet their solemn treaty obliga-
tions.
The ratification of an extradition treaty
with Nicaragua has been exchanged.
It is a subject for congratulation that the
great empire of Brazil has taken the initia-
tory step toward the abolition of slavery. Our
relations with that empire, always cordial,
will naturally be made more so by this act. It
is not too much to hope that the Government
of Brazil may hereafter find it for its interest,
as well as intrinsically right, to advance toward
entire emancipation more rapidly than the
present act contemplates.
The true prosperity and greatness of a
nation are to be found in the elevation and
education of its laborers.
It is a subject for regret that the reforms in
this direction, which were voluntarily promised
by the statesmen of Spain, have not been car-
ried out in its West India colonies. The laws
anil regulations for the apparent abolition of
slavery in Cuba and Porto Rico leave most of
the laborers in bondage, with no hope of re-
lease until their lives become a burden to their
employers.
I desire to direct your attention to the fact
that citizens of the United States, or persons
claiming to be citizens of the United States,
are large holders, in foreign lands, of this
species of property forbidden by the funda-
mental law of their alleged country. I recom-
mend to Congress to provide, by stringent
legislation, a suitable remedy against the hold-
ing, owning, or dealing in slaves, or being
interested in slave property in foreign lands,
either as owners, hirers, or mortgagers, by
citizens of the United States.
It is to be regretted that the disturbed con-
dition of the island of Cuba continues to be a
source of annoyance and of anxiety. The
existence of a protracted struggle in such close
proximity to our own territory, without appar-
ent prospect of an early termination, cannot
be other than an object of concern to a peo-
ple who, while abstaining from interference in
the affairs of other Powers, naturally desire
to see every country in the undisturbed enjoy-
ment of peace, liberty, and the blessings of
free institutions.
Our naval commanders in Cuban waters
have been instructed, in case it should become
necessary, to spare no effort to protect the
lives and property of bona.fide American citi-
zens, and to maintain the dignity of the flag.
It. is hoped that all pending questions with
Spain growing out of the affairs in Cuba may
be adjusted in the spirit of peace and con-
ciliation which has hitherto guided the two
Powers in their treatment of such questions.
To give importance and to add to the effi-
ciency of our diplomatic relations with Japan
and China, and to further aid in retaining the
good opinion of those peoples, and to secure
to the United States its share of the commerce
destined to flow between those nations and the
balance of the commercial world, I earnestly
recommend that an appropriation be made to
support at least four American youths in each
of those countries, to serve as a part of the
official family of our ministers there. Out-
representatives would not even then be placed
upon an equality with the representatives of
Great Britain and of some other Powers. As
now situated, our representatives in Japan and
China have to depend for interpreters and
translators upon natives of those countries
who know our language imperfectly, or pro-
cure for the occasion the services of employes
in foreign business houses, or the interpreters
to other foreign ministers.
I would also recommend liberal measures
for the purpose of supporting the American
lines of steamers now plying between San
Francisco and Japan and China, and the
Australian line—almost our only remaining
lines of ocean steamers—and of increasing
their services.
The national debt has been reduced to the
extent of $86,057,126 80 during the year, and
bjT the negotiation of national bonds, at a
lower rate of interest, the interest on the pub-
lic debt has been so far diminished that now
the sum to be raised for the interest account
is nearly seventeen million dollars less than on
the 1st of March. 1869.
It was highly desirable that this rapid dim-
inution should take place, both to strengthen
the credit of the country and to convince its
citizens of their entire ability to meet every
dollar of liability without bankrupting them.
But in view of the accomplishment of these
desirable ends ; of the rapid development of
the resources of the country, its increasing
ability to meet large demands, and the amount
already paid, it is not desirable that the present
resources of the country should continue to be
taxed in order to continue this rapid payment.
I therefore recommend a modification of both
the tariff and internal tax laws. 1 recom-
mend that all taxes from internal sources be
abolished except those collected from spirit-
uous, vinous, and malt liquors, tobacco in its
various forms, and from stamps.
In readjusting the tariff, I suggest that a
careful estimate be made of th'e amount of
surplus revenue collected under the present
laws, after providing for the current expenses
of the Government, the interest account, and
a sinking fund, and that this surplus be re-
duced in such a manner as to afford the greatest
relief to the greatest number.
There are many articles not produced at
home, but which enter largely into general
consumption through articles which are man-
ufactured at home, such as medicines com-
pounded, &c., from which very little revenue
is derived, but which enter into general use.
All such articles I recommend to be placed on
the '"free list."
Should a further reduction prove advisable,
I would then recommend that it be made upon
those articles which can best bear it without
disturbing home production or reducing the
wages of American labor.
I have not entered into figures, because to do
so would be t,o repeat what will be laid before you
in the report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
The present laws for collecting revenue pay
collectors of customs small salaries, but pro-
vide for moieties, (shares in all seizures,) which,
at principal ports of entry particularly, raise
the compensation of those officials to a large
sum. It has always seemed to me as if this
system must, at times, work perniciously. It
holds out an inducement to dishonest men,
should such get possession of those offices, to
be lax in their scrutiny of goods entered to
enable them finally to make large seizures.
Your attention is respectfully invited to this
subject.
Continued fluctuation in the value of gold,
as compared with the national currency, has a
most damaging effect upon the increase and
developmentof thecountry inkeepingup prices
of all articles necessary in every-day life. It
fosters a spirit of gambling, prejudicial alike
to national morals and the national finances.
If the question can be met as to how to give
a fixed value to our curreucy, that value con-
stantly and uniformly approaching par with
specie, a very desirable object will be gained.
For the operations of the Army in the past
year, the expense of maintaining it, the esti-
mates for the ensuing year, and for continuing
sea-coast and other improvements conducted
under the supervision of the War Department,
I refer you to the accompanying report of the
Secretary of War.
I call your attention to the provisions of the
act of Congress, approved March 3,1869, which
discontinues promotions in the staff corps of
the Army until provided for by law. I recom-
mend that the number of officers in each grade
in the staff corps be fixed, and that whenever
the number in any one grade falls below the
number so fixed, that the vacancy may be
filled by promotion from the grade below. 1
also recommend that when the office of chief
of a corps becomes vacant, the place may be
filled by selection from the corps in which the
vacancy exists.
The report of the Secretary of the Navy-
shows an improvement in the number and
efficiency of the naval force, without material
increase in the expense of supporting it. Tnis
is due to the policy which has been adopted,
and is beiug extended as fast as our material
will admit, of using smaller vessels as cruisers
on the several nations. By this means we
have been enabled to occupy at once a larger
extent of cruising-ground, to visit moie fre-
quently the ports where the presence of our
flag is desirable, and generally to discharge
more efficiently the appropriate duties of the
Navy in time of pence, without exceeding the
number of men or the expenditure authorized
by law. Daring the past year the Navy has,
in addition to its regular service, supplied the
men and officers tor the vessels of the Coast
