1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
269S
to them by the local authorities and by Congress.
This possession of the island, dating back prior to
the occupation of the country by the United States,
gives these parties a right superior to that which was
acquired by the United States by the proclamation
of the President in 1850 or 1851, which declared this
to be a military reservation.
"I know it has been stated that this island is a
rocky island. There are rocks upon it; but there is
also good land upon it. These persons were there
before the military occupation, with their dwellings
and their out-houses, and they had their orchards,
ihcir cattle, and other stock. They were living there
as quietly and peaceably as any people were living in
any other portion of the State. I do notcharge that
there was any motive for the use of military force to
get these peisons out of possession, springing from
the railroad company.becauseldonotknowthat that
is the case, and I do not believe that that is the case.
I believe that the military thought they had aright
to this property, and took it in the manner they did
for military purposes. But these people have been
ousted; they have been driven from their homes;
they have been forced to abandon their works there,
their wharves, their quarries, and their fields; and
if this company is to come in and take possesion of
this island, or any portion of it, it should pay these
parties the little value that will be attached by a
commission, under the laws of California, to their
possession and improvements. I hope, therefore,
that the Senate will acquiesce in this amendment.
It is only an act of justice to parties who have been
overridden by the military authorities, and whose
rights have not been properly respected.
" Mr. Howard. If the Senator will allow me,
he is speaking ot improvements made by those
settlers. I heg him to state, if he is able to do so,
what those improvements are.
"Mr. Cole. I have already stated what those
improvements were. They consist of farm-houses,
out-houses, orchards, wharves, quarries, and other
things too numerous to mention—valuable improve-
ments which I have myself seen, and which anybody
can see any day from the ferry-boat that passes
from San Francisco to Oakland. These persons are,
in my judgment, clearly entitled to some considera-
tion."
As a closing bit of that history, showing
that I was right in inferring the sentiment of
San Francisco uot to be unfriendly to this
bill, by the course of its Senators, which has
never to this day been challenged, I give the
vote on the bill, taken a tew minutes after the
foregoing remarks, as follows:
" The President pro tempore. The question is on
the passage of the bill, on which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
"The question being taken by yeas and nays, re-
sulted—yeas 28, nays 8; as follows:
" Yeas—Messrs. Chandler, Conkling, Conness,
Corbett, Davis, Drake, Fowler, Harlan, Howard,
Howe, Johnson, MeCreery, McDonald, Morgan,
Morrill of Maine, Nye, Osborn, Patterson of New
Hampshire, Patterson of Tennessee, Ramsey, Ross,*
Stewart, Sumner, Thayer. Tipton, Wade, Williams,
and Yates—28.
"Nays—Messrs. Anthony, Edmunds, Hendricks,
Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Trumbull, Yickers,
and Willey—8.
" Absent—Messrs. Bayard, Buckalew, Cameron,
Cattail, Cole, Oragin, Dixon, Doolittle, Ferry, Fes-
senden, Frelinghuysen, Grimes, Henderson, Norton,
Pomeroy, Ric*, S&ulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Van
Winkle, Welch, and Wilson—22.
" So the bill was passed."
That Mr. Cole was in his seat is shown by
the Globe, which reports him as making a
remark a few minutes after on the iS export
ation of rum." So, of its two Senators otw
voted for and defended the bill, the other said
he was willing it should pass, evincing only an
anxiety that no advantage should be lost by
private speculators, and he evaded the final
vote.
That this scheme for the benefit of private
speculators is not dead, let the following bill,
introduced into the Senate, show, as also the
memorials that have been laid on our tables
this morning, copies of those heretofore dis-
posed of by the Judiciary Committee :
In the Senate of the United States,
February 2,1871.
Mr. Casserly asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to bring in the following bill; which
was read twice, referred to the Committee onPrivate
Land Claims, and ordered to be printed:
A bill to settle the title of Yerba Buena or Goat
Island, in the bay of San Francisco, California.
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
ttfives of the United States of America in Congress
(tHftemhled, That the island of Yerba Buena or Goat
Island, lying and being in the bay of San Francisco,
in the State of California, one mile and a half dis-
tant in an easterly direction from tho United States
custom-house, in the city of San Francisco, in the
said State of California, be, and the same is hereby,
confirmed to Thomas II. Dowling, who claims the said
island under a grant from the Mexican Govern-
ment: Provided, That the President of the United
States may reserve such portion of said island for
military purposes as he may think necessary, not
exceeding ten acres, due compensation being made
to the said Dowling for the said portion so. reserved
or to be reserved.
These schemes come up whenever Goat
Island is talked of as a railroad terminus, and
it is astonishing how anxious their promoters
are lest the Government be swindled bygiviug
it up for railroad purposes.
I find in the Alta California just succeeding
that date, and in other San Francisco papers,
a reference to the action on the bill, but no
words of objection. There were no resolu-
tions by the Chamber of Commerce, no public
meeting, no petition, and no excitement.
Again, this bill was considered in the House
of Representatives on the 15th of June, 1870,
and came very near passing. I voted for it,
as did my two Democratic colleagues. What
eve"r other sins were laid to our charge that
vote never was by any one, either at the time
the vote was given or afterward. In that
debate the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Blair] said:
"I had occasion t.o become a little acquainted
with the situation of this island and the Bay of San
Francisco while I was on a visit to the Pacific coast
iastsuuiraer with the Committee of Ways and Means
of this House. On the 4th of July last, General Ord,
commanding at San Francisco, accompanied the
members of the Committee of Ways and Means,
with a large number of intelligent gentlemen, citi-
zens of the city of San Francisco, and a considerable
number of the officers of the Army attached to his
command, to all the ports in and around the Bay of
San Francisco. During that visit there was a great
deal of discussion as to the necessity of retaining
this island by the Government for military purposes,
as to its value in that regard, and as to its value in
other respects. I remember that the subject was
discussed quite at large as to whether the building
of a railroad track from Oakland across to the island
would interfere dangerously with the navigation of
the waters of that bay. From my present recollec-
tion of the ma.tter, I think there was a general
opinion expressed that there would be no difficulty
in so constructing the road as not to make such an
interference. I know my own mind settled down
very positively upon that opinion."
This testimony of the opinion existing with
u a large number of intelligent gentlemen,
citizens of San Francisco," coming from an
impartial source, is worthy of especial note,
in view of the violence in that city against
those who recently voted in ignorance of the
rampant hostility that has been stirred up so
suddenly. But more than this, this speech
of the gentleman from Michigan was trans-
mitted to San Francisco, and was there pub-
lished in the Alta California—the paper that
would now burn and hang all who think more
of San Francisco than ot Saucelito. As this
extract shows that that paper and the people
of San Francisco knew exactly what was said
pro and con on the bill, I will read it entire
verbatim, or rather will ask the Clerk to
relieve me by so doing. It is found in the
Alta of June 27, 1870:
The Clerk read as follows;
" The Goat Island Bill in the Senate.—The follow-
ing debate was held in the House of Representa-
tives, June 15:
"The bill granting YerbaBuena island totheWest-
ern Pacific Railroad Company tor a terminus, came
up as unfinished business of yesterday, when the
opponents of the measure again resorted to dilatory
motions to prevent its passage. After an hour of
filibustering, Mr. Dawes, of Massachusetts, who
said he had voted for the bill in every stage of it,
suggested that the opponents of the bill should have
fifteen minutes to state their objections to the bill,
and that the same time be allowed to the friends of
the bill.
" Mr. Garfield suggested that the amendment be
also admitted, requiring the company to pay for the
island such sum as might be fixed by the Secretary
of the Interior.
"The Speaker remarked that the main question
having been ordered, the bill was not now amend-
able.
"The proposition made by Mr. Dawes was acceded
to, and Mr. Washburn, of Wisconsin, proceeded to
state his objections to the bill. He said that if the
Representative from Brooklyn should come in with
a proposition to give Governor's Island to the Long
Island Railroad Company, and to allow that com-
pany to bridge across between Governor's Island
and Long Island, it would be practically the same
proposition as that before the House. This proposi-
tion was an old friend of his. While General Grant
was Secretary of War he stated that on no condi-
tion should the island or any part of it be purtod
with by the Government. If the island was put up
at auction it would probably; bring $5,000,000, and
yet it was proposed to give it away to a railroad
company that had already received $65,000,000 in
bonds and untold millions of acres of land. He
knew that it was the most powerful corporation in
the United States; that it could make Representa-
tives and Senators, and perhaps Presidents: but he
warned members that the country was in no condi-
tion to tolerate such action as was proposed. He
quoted against the bill the opinions of General Hum-
phreys of theengineerdepartment, and of Professor
Peirce of theCoast Survey, who says that the build-
ing of a railroad between the island and Oakland
would be disastrous to the harbor of San Francisco.
** Mr. Wheeler replied to Mr. Washburn and ad-
vocated the bill. There was no parallel, he said,
between Yerba Buenaisland and Governor's Island,
for vessels of any considerable draught could not
pass on the east side of Yerba Buenaisland. The
opinion of Professor Peirce was founded on the idea
that there was to be a solid causeway built between
the east end of the island and Oakland; but the bill
provided that the work should be open so that the
water could flowthrough without obstacle.
" Mr. BLAiRsupported the bill, and stated that, in
company with General Ord, many United States
officers, and some of the most respectable citizens
of San Francisco, he had, on the 4th of July last,
made an excursion in and around the bay of San
Francisco, when the subject of building a railroad
across Goat Island and between it and Oakland was
discussed, and the general idea was that it could be
done and would not interfere with the harbor. He
argued that a railroad would not injure the island
for military purposes, but, on the contrary, would
improve it, and it would be convenient to the peo-
ple and to commerce.
" The vote was then taken on the passage of the
bill, and it was rejected—yeas 80, nays 82. A motion
to reconsider was entered."
Mr. SARGENT. Now, sir, I have carefully
examined the file of the Alta on that day, and for
a month later, and there is not a word of dissent
from the statement of Ihe gentleman from Mich-
igan, of objection to the passage of the bill, or to
the united vote of the California delegation in its
favor. Where were these vigilant guardians of
the interests of San Francisco ? YVhy were not
crowds of "hoodlums" collected to burn my
name and that of my colleagues and of " those
who voted for" us? This zeal is new-born
and suspicious. San Francisco is being de-
ceived by the base schemers who would betray
its interests to private advantage. Any objec-
tion now existing to the use of Goat Island as
a railway terminus existed then. Why was it
uot urged? Why was not an admonition given
to the Representatives of the State? Why
wait until they had again acted in just the
same manner and then abuse them with scur-
rilous tongue? Up to a few weeks ago no
lisp of opposition was made in San Francisco,
either by press orpeople. Thestate of opinion
that the Ways and Means Committee found
there in 1870 existed until 1872, months after
the Representatives of the State had left the
State and assumed their duties here. This
acquiescing attitude of San Francisco on this
question was to be expected, and, despite its
recent ebullition, is m consonance with its
interests. It is idle to talk of "California's
Representatives as enemies to San Francisco,
and no inference is justifiable to that end aris-
ing out of their support of this bill.
The passage of this bill, if its terms should
be accepted by the railroad company, would
be a boon of incalculable value to San Fran-
cisco. The leaders of the opposition to the
measure at San Francisco are equally opposed
to any other project for making that city the
terminus of the Central Pacific. They have
private schemes in view. It will hardly be
believed, but it is nevertheless true, that some
adventurers, in the hope of plundering the
people of San Francisco by means of a dona-
tion to a rival road, are understood to have
already devised a scheme for falsely constru-
ing an act of Congress six years old to contain
a grant of lands for hundreds of miles in the
State of California, terminating at San Fran-
cisco. They clamor against allowing the pres-
ent road to enter the city by any mode what-
ever. The Bulletin, a journal of great influ-
ence, has steadily insisted upon city aid for
the construction of a railroad bridge from
Oakland Point to the peninsula. The same
