1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1797
loss fell upon these very lumbermen, a loss of
more than twenty millions. But their losses
did not stop there. While Chicago has had a
committee here of more than thirty, stopping
at the Arlington House, and arguing day after
day and night after night in favor of this meas-
ure of relief to poor Chicago, the lumbermen
of Michigan were in the woods building their
mills, putting up their saws, preparing to cut
their lumber that had been destroyed by this
devouring element. Our lumbermen had not
time to stay here. They were too busy repair-
ing their waste places and recuperating from
tkeir losses. They are not here now begging
a boon, but they are asking a simple act of
justice from this body.
One member of one of the largest lumber-
ing firms in the whole United States stated
before the Finance Committee that the amount
of pine lumber received in Chicago last year
was about a thousand million feet; I think
one thousand and seventy million feet. He
stated that the amount received this year
would undoubtedly reach two hundred and
fifty million feet above any previous year. I
assume that that gentleman was correct. Our
estimate is that we have put in the past winter
over five hundred million more feet than we
ever did before. We were driven to do it by
necessity. One of our heaviest lumbermen,
who cuts about- sixty million feet a year, told
me he had been compelled to pay forty five
dollars a month for men iu the lumber woods,
where a year ago he only paid twenty-five dol-
lars, and that all other expenses had been
equally large in proportion. But, sir, they
were compelled to do it, or they would lose
then- lumber. These logs, where the life of
the tree had been destroyed, would be at-
tacked by the worm in June next, and daring
the coming winter they would be utterly
worthless unless they were cut this winter
and put into the water. They have gone on
and cut their dead timber and put it into the
water, and they are now prepared to supply
lumber not at the prices that obtained before
the fire, b ut at much less prices than they
sold at before the fire.
It is well known to you, sir, and it is well
known to every member of this body who is
at all acquainted with commercial affairs, that
the price of an article is controlled by the
excess of the supply of that article in the
market. If a thousand million feet of lumber,
whien is the amount required by Chicago, were
delivered there, it would pass without notice;
it would go into the consumption, and the de-
mand and supply would about equal each
other. But it is likewise well known that
when you throw one quarter more than the
market demands upon that market, you crush if.
Now, what do these Chicago gentlemen pro-
pose? They know perfectly well that they are
to receive two hundred and filty million feet
more than their market requires. They were
told by the heaviest lumbermen in their dele-
gation that such would be the fact. Now they
propose to say, "Not one dollar of that lum-
ber shall go into consumption in Chicago ; but
wewillssyto Canada and to all the world, 'Send
in your lumber upon this already glutted mar-
ket, and we will be able to utterly and forever
ruin these lumbermen, who are almost ruined
already.'" Sir, it will not be the fifty or sixty
or seventy millions that Chicago will require—
the estimate made was that they would use
about fifty million feet of lumber m the recon-
struction of Chicago—but they say to all Can-
ada, "Send your lumber here;" they do not
say how much; and they will send two, three,
or four hundred million feet right on the top
of an already glutted market; and when it
gets there, it must be sold at any price it will
bring, as every lumberman and every other
man of sense knows. The object is to glut an
already glutted market.
Our lumbermen say to you rather than do
this levy this tax upon us, if you choose; the
Siate of Michigan would say levy this rebate
upon us and we will pay it. I say it would be
a gross injustice if you did it, because you are
voting a boon, you are voting a gratuity, you
are voting money out of your Treasuiy, and
you have no right to say to these ruined lum-
bermen, " We will vote your money and not a
dollar of our own will we contribute." It is
a gross injustice and a gross outrage upon those
men, who have already suffered enough, to
force this contribution from them; but rather
than pass this measure, lay it as a tax of two
dollars a thousand upon lumber in the State
of Michigan, and my word for it, the State
of Michigan will pay that tax to the utter-
most farthmg. I say again, you would do a
gross injustice to the State of Michigan by so
doing, but you have the power to do it, and
we shall submit; but in God's name do not
vote it upon men who are already ruined by
the same conflagration that destroyed Chicago.
Mr. President, it is very easy to be liberal
with other people's money. It is a very dif-
ferent thing to put your hand into your own
pocket and take the money oat. It is a very
liberal thing for the representatives of States
who are not interested in the slightest degree to
say, " We will vote this measure of relief and
coerce it from your lumbermen already ruined;"
but it is a very unjust thing for them to do.
Sir, I make this appeal for these men who
have suffered more severely than has Chicago.
I make this appeal that you shall at least give
them the justice of the same security that they
have had for many years. Do not say to these
gentlemen, " True, you are ruined; true, you
have been compelled to cut nearly double the
amount of lumber that you ever cut before,
and now we will say to all the world, send in
your lumber and it shall be sold for two dol-
lars a thousand less than you can sell it for."
I ask you not to do it. It is au act of gross
injustice to those Michigan sufferers ; au act
so unjust that I trust this body will reject it,
and reject it promptly.
I hope the amendment of my honorable col-
league will be adopted, that you will strike out
the second section of this bill and substitute
an appropriation of a round sum. As the bill
stands, you do not know whether you are
voting $1,000,000 or $50,000,000. You say,
we will give you such a rebate, and you do not
know what that will amount to. You are
voting an appropriation out of your Treasury,
as my honorable friend on the other side of
the Chamber said awhile ago, without knowing
to whom it goes, how much goes, nor when it
goes—an indefinite sum, nothing fixed. Let
us fix the sum at whatever it should be, whether
45400,000, or $500,000, or $1,000,000; letitbe
a round sum, and there let it stop.
Besides, I look upon this measure as the
worst precedent that was ever set under this
or any other Government. Adopt this as a
precedent to be lollowed in the future, and
there will not be a catastrophe anywhere by
fire that you will not be compelled to make
good. You turn this great Government into
a universal insurance company against fire all
over the United States, and you cannot help
yourselves. If you can vote this measure of
relief to Chicago you must vote it to Peshtigo,
you must vote it to Manistee, you must vote
it to Holland, you must vote it to every city
that has suffered in similar degree, and finally
you mast vote it to every village and hamlet
where a fire occurs throughout the length and
breadth of these great United States. If it is
decided that this is to be a precedent for ail
time, then I wish to perfect this legislation now
and make it general in its application, cover-
ing all over these United States, not only
Chicago, but every village, every hamlet, every
house, every barn, and every pig-sty that is
destroyed. There is no common sense in any-
thing else. Let us finish up the legislation,
make it general, and then we shall have no
further petitions from the people who have
suffered by fire anywhere in the United States.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
sot in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Ver-
mont.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I merely
desire to have a vote of the Senate on that
amendment. This measure, of course, is to
be imbedded in our statutes as a precedent
for our action hereafter, and I regard this
amendment as limiting the bill; and it seems
to me an exceedingly proper amendment to
be adopted if we are to pass the bill. I do
not desire to discuss it. I ask for the yeas
and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. On the main
question I am paired with the Senator from
Vermont, [Mr. Edmunds.] As I do not know
how he would vote on this amendment, I shall
decline voting.
Mr. 'NYE. I am situated somewhat like the
Senator from New Jersey. I paired off on the
main question with the Senator from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Spbague.] I do not know bow
he would vote on this amendment, and there-
fore I shall decline to vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 31; aa follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Con kling, Kelly,
Morrill of Vermont, Robertson, Sherman, and Vick-
ers—8.
N A S—Messrs. Boreman. Caldwoll, Carpenter,
Chandler, Cooper, Corbett, Davis of West Virginia,
Fenton, Ferry of Michigan, txilbert, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Hitchcock, Johnston,
Kellogg, Logan, Morton, Norwood, Osborn, Pom-
eroy. Rice, Saulsbury, Schurz, Scott, Spencer, Ste-
venson, Sumner, Trumbull, West, and Wright—31.
ABSENT—Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly, Clayton, Cole,
Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Edmunds, Ferry of
Connecticut, Flanagan. Frelinghuysen, Hamilton
of Maryland. Harlan, Hill, Howe, Lewi*, Morrill of
Maine,.Nye, Patterson, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyer,
Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, Wil-
son, and Windom—34.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Committee
on Finance. The Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Ferry] withdrew hie amendment to the
amendment to allow the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont to b<2 offered, stating
that he desired to renew it as soon as that
amendment was disposed of.
Mr. PERRY, of Michigan. I now renew
my amendment, and ask that it be read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to the
amendment, which was to strike out all the
second section, and insert in lieu thereof the
following:
That there shall be allowed and paid, out of any
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
under sueh regulations as the Secretary ot the Treas-
ury shall prescribe, to the owners of all materials
actually used in buildings erected on the ground
burned over by said fire, the sum of $400,000: Pro-
vided, Application therefor be made within two
years of the passage of this act.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Mr. President,
it will be remembered by the Senate that when
this bill was under consideration and discussed
on its original passage I took occasion briefly
to express my views upon it, and to state th^t
I, with other Senators, was disposed to ex-
press my sympathy in some form for the relief
of Chicago. At the same time I very hesi-
tatingly supported the bill on its first passage
because I believed that it was not the appro-
priate method of relief. When the .consti-
tutional question was raised, I did not feel
myself clear upon that point, but allowed my
sympathies to override my judgment. _
Upon the reconsideration of the bill ! ex-
pressed myself more at length, and-considered
the practical views of the question, and it is
more in that respect that 1 shall eudeavor to
direet the remarks I propose now to submit to
the Senate.
In passing, however, I desire to thank the
Senator from Illinois [Mr. Looan] for the
many citations to which he called the atten-
tion of tlje Senate, giving instance afier in-
stance where the Government had by legis-
