902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
I understood that on the motion of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin this section, as it was pre-
pared by tJie Senator from Massachusetts, was
stricken out, and one inserted which he wrote,
in these very words.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understands that that was amended before the
vote was taken on the motion to strike out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the pending
question?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion.to adjourn. By unani-
mous consent this debate has been allowed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the motion to
adjourn will be withdrawn.
Mr. MORTON. I prefer not to withdraw
it. I am satisfied we cannot get through.
The motion was agreed to; and (at five
o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, February 8, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. J. P. Newman, D. D., Chaplain of
the Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
CORPORATION INCOME TAX.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table the bill (S.
No. 362) declaratory of an act entitled ':An
act to reduce internal taxes, and for other
purposes," approved July 14, 1870. I do not
ask the House to pass the bill at this time.
I desire to raise a question and submit it to
the House for the disposition of the bill. It
will not take five minutes.
The bill was read for information. It de-
clares that the true intent and meaning of the
act to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses, approved July 14,1870, was to exempt
from, the payment of the tax of two and a half
per cent, per annum all dividends of earnings,
income, or gains, and undivided profits of any
bank, trust company, savings institution, insur-
ance company, canal-navigation company, and
slack-water navigation company, declared or
made, or which accrued or were earned and
added to any surplus, contingent, or other
fund, during the months of August, Septem-
ber, October, November, and December, in
the year 1870, in all cases where such coipora-
tions had already paid, or would hereafter pay,
upon the dividends of earnings, income, or
gains, and undivided profits of the previous
months of that year, a tax equal to at least
two and a half per cent, per aunum ; and to
give effect to such intent, the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue is authorized and directed
to remit or refund, as the case may be, the
tax assessed and levied or paid upon all such
dividends of earnings, income, or gains, and
undivided profits, for the last five months of
the year 1870, to all such corporations as have
paid or shall pay a tax upon all the dividends
of earnings, income, gains, or undivided profits
of the year 1870 and 1871, equal to at least
two and a half per cent, per annum.
Mr. HOLMAN. I object to the consider-
ation of that bill, and call for the regular
order.
Mr. DAWES. Allow me to state what I
desire to do in reference to this bill. I wish
to raise a constitutional question between the
two Houses. I do not desire to take up any
time, but merely to ask the House to lay this
bill on the table, and I will then introduce a
similar bill, and move its reference to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have no objection to
that.
The bill was taken from the Speaker's table,
and read a first and second time.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the bill be laid
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid upon the table; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1415) declaratory of
an act entitled "An act to reduce internal
taxes, and for other purposes," approved July
14, 1870; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
CONNECTICUT RIVER.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to transmit to this House a copy of the report of the
engineer in relation to the improvement of the Con-
necticut river, with the accompanying papers that
have been returned to the Department smce thelast
annual report.
Mr. KELLOGG moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now demand the regular
order.
EDUCATIONAL FUND.
The House resumed, as the regular order,
the consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1043)
to establish an educational fund, and to apply
the proceeds of the public lands to the educa-
tion of the people.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon the motion of the gentleman from Wis-
consin, [Mr. Eldridge,] to lay upon the table
the motion of the gentleman from Mississippi,
[Mr. Harris,] to reconsider the vote by which
the substitute offered by the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Burchard] was rejected.
Mr. Burchard's substitute was as follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert
the following:
That tho net proceeds arising from the sale, entry,
location, or other disposition of the public lands of
the UnitedSutes are hereby set apart and annually
appropriated tor the maintenance of common schools
for the free education of all the children in the Uni-
ted States of suitable school age, which proceeds
shall be distributed to each State and Territory, and
to the District of Columbia, in proportion to its re-
spective population as ascertained by the census last
preceding such distribution.
Sec . 2. That the Secretary of the Treasury shall
causc tm account to be taken after the close of each
fiscal year, and ascertain the amount of expendi-
tures during the last preceding fiscal year incurred
in or oceasioncd by the survey, sale,location, entry,
or other disposition of the public lands of the United
States, including appropriations for the expenses of
the general and district land offices during such year,
and the total receipts trom the sale or other disposi-
tion of such lands, including all fees received at such
offices, and shall, on or before the 1st day of Decem-
ber of each year, certify to the Secretary of the In-
terior the amount of the net cash proceeds from tho
sale, entry, location, or other disposition of such
lands after deducting such expenses and expendi-
tures.
Sec. 3. That upon tile receipt of such certificate
the Commissioner of Education, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Interior, shall proceed to
apportion, upon the basis of population, the amount
so certified to the District of Columbia and Terri-
tories of the United States, and to each State wherein
provision is made by law for the free education of
all the children thereof between the ages of six and
fifteen years, and shall certify to the Secretary of
the Treasury of tho United States such apportion-
ment, and to the superintendent ot public instruc-
tion of each State and Territory, or other officer
empowered by the laws of such State or Territory
to perform the duty herein enjoined, the amount so
apportioned to such State or Territory.
_ Sec. 4. That the superintendent of public instruc-
tion of each State and Territory, or such other officer
a3 shall, by tho laws of such State or Territory, be
required so to do, shall immediately, upon the rcceip t
of such certificate, proceed to apportion the amount
so certified to_ his State or Territory to the several
districts therein which shall have maintained for at
least three months during the preceding year a free
school for all the children of such district between
the ages of six and fifteen years, which apportion-
, mcnt shall be upon the basis of tho population of
' such district, and the amount so apportioned shall
i be solely applied m payment of teachers' wages;
■ the said superintendent or officer shall report his
| apportionment so made to tho Commissioner of
education, who thereupon, under the direction of
I the Secretary of the Interior, shall certify tho same,
or so much thereof as appears regular and correct,
to the Secretary of the Treasury, and to such super-
intendent or other officer designated as aforesaid.
Seo. 5. That the amount apportioned to the school
districts of any State, and certified as herein pro-
vided, shall be paid upon the warrant of the Com-
missioner of Education, countersigned by the Secre-
tary of the Interior, out of tho Treasury of the Uni-
ted States, to the State or territorial treasurer, nr
to such officers as shall be designated by tho laws of
such State or Territory to receive, account for, and
pay over the same to the several districts entitled
thereto under such apportionment, which treasurer
or officer shall be required to report, on or beforo
the 1st day of November of each year, to the Com-
missioner of Education, a detailed statement of the
payments made, and balance in bis hands withheld,
unclaimed, or for any other cause unpaid.
Sec. 6. That in case any State or Territory shall
misapply, or allow to be misapplied, squandered, or
in any manner-appropriated, or used other than for
the purposes herein required, the funds, or any part
thereof, received under the provisions of this act,
or shall fail to report, as herein provided, through
its proper officers, the disposition thereof, such State
or Territory shall forfeit its right to any subsequent
apportionment by virtue thereof until the full
amount so misapplied,lost, or misappropriated shall
have been replaced by such State or Territory and
applied as herein required, and until such report
shall have been made.
Sec. 7. That the Commissioner of Education shall
be ex officio superintendent of public instruction for
the District of Columbia, and as such shall make
the apportionment, returns, report, and certificates
for said District of Columbia, in the manner and for
the purposes and under the limitations proscribed
in section four of this act, and the money thus ap-
portioned in said District shall be paid out of the
Treasury of the United States to the proper officers
entitled to receive, use, account for, or pay over the
same, as may be provided by law.
The question was then taken upon laying on
the table the motion to reconsider ; and upon
a divis'on, there were—ayes 79, noes 71.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BURCHARD called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Harris, of
Mississippi, and Mr. Holm ax were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 87, noes 76.
Before the result of this vote was announced,
Mr. PERCE called for the yeas and nays.
Tbe yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 111, nays 96, not
voting 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker. Adams, Arthur, Barnum,
Beck, Bell, Biggs, Bird. James G. Blair. Braxton.
Bright, James Brooks. Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll,
freeman Clarke, Coghlau, Comingo, Conner, Cox,
Crebs, Criteher, Crossland. Davis. Donnau, Dox,
Du Bose, Duell. Duke, Eldridge, Ely, tfarusworth,
Pinkelnburg, I?orker, Henry D. Foster, Garrett,
Get?,, Golladay, Goodrich, Griffith, llaldeman. Han-
cock, Handley, Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris,
Havens, Hay, Hays, Hereford, Herudon, Hibbard,
Ilolman, Kendall, Kerr, King, Lamison. Lam-
port, Leach. Lewis, Manson. Marshall. McClelland.
MeCormiek. McHenry, Mclntyre, McKinney, Me-
Neely, Merrick, Moore, Morgan. Leonard Myers,
Niblack, Orr, Hosea W. Parker, Peck, Eli Perry,
Potter,Price, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Kiee, John
M. Rico. Ritchie, William K. Roberts, Robinson,
Roosevelt. Sargent, Sherwood, Slater, Slocum, Slo.=s,
Stevens, Storm, Sutherland, Sivnnn, Sypher, Terry,
Dwigbt Townsend. Turner, Tuthill, Van Trump,
Vaughan, Waddell, Warren, Wells, Whitthorne,
Williams of New York, Winchester, Wood, and
Younsr—111.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames. Banks, Barber,
Barry, Beatty, Beveridge, Bigby, Bingham, Austin
Blair, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Bullinton. Bur-
chard, Burdett, Benjamin P. Butler, Roderick R.
Butler, William T. Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Conger,
Cotton, Darrall, Diekey, Durmell, Barnes, B'arwell,
Charles Foster "Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield,
t u sJra,fev' Ual'mer, George E. Harris. Hawley,
John W. Hazleton. Hill, Hoar, Hooper. Kelley, Kel-
logg, Ketcham. Killinger, Lansing, Lowe, Lynch,
Maynard, MeGrevv, MeJunkin, McKee, ilereur,
Merriam Monroe, Morey, Morphis, Negley, Pack-
ard, 1 acker. Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Pendleton,
Peroe, Poland, Porter, Prindle, Ellis H. Roberts,
bawyer, Seeley, Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger,
John A. Smith, Wortbington C. Smith, Snapp,
lhomasJ. Speer. Spragae, Starkweather, Steven-
son, btoughton, Strong, Taffe, Thomas, Washington
Pownsend, Twieliell, Tyner. Upson, Wakenmn, Wal-
?enJ wM,-on' F,n aeo. Wheeler, Whiteley, Wil-
lard, Williams of Indiana, and Jeremiah M. Wil-
son— 0(5.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Avcrill, Croely,
Dawes, Do Large, Edwards, Elliott, Hamhieton,
Grerry W. Hazieton, Housrhton, Kinsella, McCrary*
Benjamm F. Meyers, Mitcholl. Aaron P. Perry,
leter.% Piatt, Ramoy, Rogers, Rusk, Scoficld, Ses-
sion?, fehober, bhoemaker, H. Boardman Smith,
bnyder. R. Speer, Sfmyell, St. Joim, Voor-
iiees, Walls, and John T. Wilson—32.
So the inotioii to lay tbe motion to recon-
sider on the table was agreed to.
