2694
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,""
paper, however, found it entirely consistent
with its ideas of San Francisco interests to
entertain the Goat Island project as being also
friendly to the city, preferring, however, a
bridge across the bay. These two projects are
both equally denounced by the Aita Cali-
fornia, which fiercely opposes the entrance of
the Central Pacific into San Francisco on any
terms.
The clamor and din against any approach to
San Francisco by the railroad has been kept
up in that city so loudly and continuously by
selfish schemers that no other voice has been
heard. The people will never forgive these
men when calm reflection shall enable them
to see the mischief they inteud against the city.
They must have had their eyes opened to some
extent by the correspondence which has re-
cently taken place between the leaders of the
opposition to this measure aud the officers of
the United States engineer corps and the Coast
Survey. As this correspondence contains the
most complete argument in favor of this bill
that has yet been made, and as the enemies
of the bill elicited it by their own questions
propounded to gentlemen selected by them-
selves as being the highest scientific authority,
gentlemen whose disinterestedness is univer-
sally conceded, I wiil here introduce it:
Bridging the Bay—Opinions .of the United States
Engineers—Various Bridge Projects Discussed.—The
following correspondence between the mayor and
prominent citizens and officers of the United States
engineer corps and Coast Survey, will be read with
interest:
San Francisco, March 14,1872.
Gentlemen: You are doubtless aware of the
present unsettled and feverish state of public opin-
ion in San Francisco touching the connection of
our city with the railroad system of the State. Situ-
ated as it is upon the extremity of a peninsula, and
consequently cutoff by the waters of the bay from
direct railroad communication with the country on
whose trade it depends, the problem of making it
the railroad center, as well as the commercial me-
tropolis of the State, seems to present great difficul-
ties. The engineering obstacles are aggravated oy
the facts that the city has no voice in the manage-
ment of the railroads, while the railroad company
has no such interest in the city as to lead it to make
sacrifices merely for the accommodation of its peo-
ple. In connection with these considerations, the
contests hitherto waged between the several points
at which the company has secured large tracts of
land, apparently for terminal purposes—to say
notning of their designs upon Goat Island—have
created a distrust which exerts a most baneful in-
fluence upon the future prospects of our city.
Public opinion, distracted by the opposing views
of newspaper writers, by the ever-changing rumors
of the intentions of the railroad company, and by
the interestedadvice of railroad men and real-estate
operators, has been unable to settle down upon any
one plan as better than all the others suggested.
Accurate knowledge, whereon to base correct opin-
ion, is lacking. There is abundant capital ready lor
investment in that property which shall most surely
and permanently anchor the railroads to the city.
But the question is, what is that project? What
plan of operation is most feasible and most certain
to decide the vexed question of the terminus in favor
of the city of San Francisco?
It has occurred to us, therefore, to address you, as
the highest local authority on engineering matters;
as being professionally familiar with all the elements
of the problem, and wholly disinterested in its solu-
tion, in the hope that you will be inclined to favor
the public of this city with your concurrent opinion
on the following questions:
1. What would be the effect, if any, in shoaling
the harbor and bar of San Francisco, consequent
upon the erection of a bridge resting upon piers,
connecting Goat Island with Oakland Point?
2. What would be the effect upon the harbor find
bar, of a solid causeway between those points?
What the effect of a continuation of the present
pile bridge?
3. Is it possible to build a permanent bridge or
causeway acr.ss the Bay of San Francisco, at any
point south of the city ?
4. If yea, between what points on the two 3ides
of the bay—everything carefully considered—would
you recommend such bridge or causeway to be
located ?
5. What description of bridge or causeway would
you recommend? If a bridge, what would be its
length, breadth, height above high-water mark, dis-
tance between the piers? Where would you locate
the draw? What would be the approximate cost
of such a structure ? And what would be its effects
in shoaling the harbor and bar ?
6. Do you consider that abridge, wherever located,
or however constructed, would be as economical, or
any more direct, or any more effective in fixing the
terminus at San Francisco, than the use of steam
ferry-boats of sufficient capacity to accommodate an
entire train of freight or passenger cars? Such
boats are used between Piattsburg and Burlington,
on Lake Champlain, a distance of twenty-five miles,
on the line of the railroad between Ogdensburg,
New York, and Boston; also across the Susque-
hanna, at.Havre-de-Grace, Maryland.
7. Is it a fact, as intimated by Governor Stanford,
jn his letter of the 11th instant to the board of
supervisors of San Francisco, (<5opy inclosed,) * that
the Southern Pacific railroad will, in order to avoid
the heavy grades necessary consequent upon passing'
from the Tulare valley into the Santa Clara valley,
be compelled to send its business by the way of the
San Joaquin valley, and thus reach San Francisco
in company with the railroad system of the north by
the Livermore pass, or by the straits of Carquinez
and Oakland?"' Is the topography of the Diablo
range, south of this city, of such a character that the
thirty-fifth parallel road will be unable to reach
San Francisco on a direct line from the southward
up to the peninsula ?
If, gentlemen, you can spare enough of your val-
uable time to give to the public the benefit of your
united opinions on these questions, and also to rec-
ommend such plan for permanently connecting the
railroads with San Francisco, as shall appear to you
to be the most feasible, economical, and effective,
we are confident you will contribute greatly to unite
the minds and means of the people in the work of
its execution, and thus confer an inestimable benefit
upon all our citizens.
We remain, gentiemen. your most obedient ser-
vants, WILLIAM ALVORD.
K. B. SWAIN,
President of Chamber of Co/amerce.
WILLIAM T. COLEMAN,
First Vice President of Chamber of Commerce.
JAMES OTIS,
H. B. WILLIAMS.
JOSEPH BftlTTON,
J. T. DEAN.
L. H. ALLEN.
W. W. MONTAGUE,
C. !. HOPKINS.
C. ADOLP1IE LOW,
J. C. MERRILL,
\V. C. TALBOT,
JOHN 0. EARL.
CHARLES WEBB HOAVARD,
E, B. MASTIC,
P. SATHER,
GEORGE C. HICKOX,
H. B. TICHENOR,
M. ASUBURY,
ALBERT DIBBLEE.
General B. S. Alexander, United States Engineer /
Professor Grorgk Davidson, United States Coast
Survey ; Colonel r. S. Williamson, United States
Engineer ; Colonel George H. Mendell, United
States Emineer ; Colonel C. S. Stewart, United
States Engineer/ Captain A. F. rodgkrs, United
States Coast Survey/.
San Francisco, March, 1872.
Gentlemen: We have carefully considered the
several questions presented to us in your letter oi
the 14th instant.
These questions and the issues to which they lead
are broad and comprehensive in their character,
depending for their solution, not alone on problems
in engineering, hut, to some extent, on considera-
tions of political economy.
In reference to these iatter considerations we beg
leave to remark, that after several conferences we
find that the limited time at our disposal, the want
of that particular kind oi information necessary to
enable us to present this branch of the subject in
such shape as would secure to it reference hereafter
as a useful compilation of facts and opinions, as well
as the nature of the subject itself, involving as it
does the application of some of the most important
principles by which the economy of trade and com-
merce is secured, all combine to render it impossible
tor lis to give you a full report on this branch of the
subject. We think it best, therefore, to confine our
observations, at least for the present, to answering
the several specific questions which you have pro-
pounded to us, namely:
Question. What would be the effect, if any, in
shoaling the harbor and bar of San Francisco, con-
sequent upon the erection of a bridge resting upon
piers, connecting Goat Island with Oakland Point ?
Answer. A bridge on piers between Yerba Buena
Island and Oakland Point would have no appre-
ciable effect in shoaling the San Francisco harbor or
bar, if the bridge were built on small piers with
spans of three hundred or four hundred feet; in
other words, the nui&ber of piers reduced to a min-
imum and also of the least possible width consistent
with safety, and so placed and shaped with reference
to the channel and the direction of the tides as to
offer to them as little obstruction as possible. The
superstructure of such a bridge with long spans
would have to be of iron. The cost would depend
to some extent on its character—whether a simple
railroad bridge or one combining the two purposes
of railroad and highway traffic and travel. The co3t
would be from four to six million dollars.
Question. What would be the effect upon the har-
bor and bar of a solid causeway between those
points? What the effect of a continuation of the
present pile bridge?
Ansxoer. A solid causeway between Yerba Buena
Island and Oakland Point would work immediate,
direct, and irreparable injury to the harbor of San
Francisco, and though the injury to the bar would
be indirect and not so immediate, it would be not
less certain or irreparable. The immediate effect
of such a structure would be to cause "dead water."
a stoppage of the tidal current now flowing between
Yerba Buena and the Oakland shore, commencing
at a point at low water opposite to Hunter's Point,
and extending in a line slightly concave toward the
east, and the western extremity of Yerba Buena
Island. The main ebb current would follow this
line, forming whirls and eddies on the perimeter of
the curve, with "dead water" toward the Oakland
shore and the causeway, The mouths of San Lean-
dro and San Antonio estuaries would gradually fill
up. The current reaching the western side of Yerba
Buena, would here move with a cutting velocity
and take off all assailable angles and points of the
shore. Reference to the accompanying chart will
show what the island has done unaided by artifice
in forming a shoal upon its north shore. This is
the simple effect of the "dead water" caused by
the interposition of so large a body as the island
to the flow of the tide. A causeway to the Oakland
shoie, with its additional obstructions to the cur-
rent, would effect a connection of the shoal north
of the Yerba Buena with Point Richmond, seven
miles to the northward, on the eastern shore of the
bay. It is sale to say tnat a tidal area of not less
than forty square miles (twenty-five thousand six
hundred acres) in the Bay of San Francisco, would
be directly obstructed by the causeway suggested,
while the indirect effect upon the regimen of the
tides in other parts of the bay can hardly be pre-
dicted or estimated with safety.
To continue the present pile wharf from Oakland
Point to Yerba Buena island would produce the
same effect, though in less degree, as to build a
solid causeway; a single decade would, in all prob-
ability, go far toward shoaling the water on either
side of such a bridge, leaving the bottom bare at
least at e very low tide, and with rapid subsequent
progress toward a closure of the channel between
the island and the Oakland shore.
Question. Isit possible to build apermanentbridge
or causeway across the Bay ol San Francisco at any
point south of the city ?
Answer. The interests of the United States, of
California, of commerce, and the mandates of sci-
ence, all protest against the building of a causeway
or any other solid structure anywhere between any
points across the Bay of San Francisco.
It is entirely within the range of possibility to
build a permanent bridge across the Bay of San
Francisco south of the city. The difficulties of obtain-
ing secure foundations for piers are as yet unknown,
but they can scarcely be greater than those which
have already been overcome by science in other
localities, and as regards the whole structure we
may appropriately quote from the report of the
chief of engineers for 1871. (page -432:)
** It is proper to state here in regard to long spans
of four hundred feet and upward, that they are not
im practicable at reasonable expense, and, that when
properly proportioned, they aremorestable and safe
tnan smaller spans, because their own weight is so
great in proportion to the moving load that the
iatter changesthepermanentstrainbutlittle. High
"piers, proportionally widened and lengthened, are
just as firm as low ones, and Uie greatest pressure
the stone has to sustain is not one tenth of its crush-
ing load."
Question, If yea, between what points on the two
sides of the bay, everything considered, would you
recommend such bridge or causeway to be located?
Answer. The answer to this question must be con-
ditional upon the location ot the railroads and their
convenience of transittoa pointon thccityfrontad-
jacent to the center of business. If the main trunk
roads of the continent are likely to converge at a
given point on the opposite sideof the bay, the east-
ern end of the bridge should, of course, be as near
that point as the three collateral elements of the
shortest line, the shoalest water, and tfte least im-
■^iiment to navigation will permit. To illustrate
this, select a given point on the opposite side of the
bay as the supposed point where all the main roads
can most conveniently unite; locate the terminus
on this side of the bay, and, using a chart for the
purpose, draw a line between the two points; the
true bridge line should be as near to this imaginary
one as the collateral elements of the question men-
tioned above will admit.
Question. What description of bridge or causeway
would you recommend ? If a bridge, what would be
its length, breadth, height above high-water mark,
distance between piers? Would you recommend
stone, iron, or crib-work, for piers? Where would
you locate the draw? Whatwould be the approx-
imate cost of such a structure? And what would be
its effect in shoaling the harbor and bar?
Answer. As to the description of the bridge, it
may be stated that if it is necessary to build a bridge
across the Bay of San Francisoo, the materials should
be as nearly imperishable as possible ; the piers of
as little width as may be consistent with safety and
"sharpened at the ends" so as to offer the least re-
sistance to the current; the width ot the piers between
high and low water should not exceed ten or twelve
feet; their length, depending upon the width ot the
bridge, should be parallel with tne current; the dis-
tance between the piers should not be less than four
hundred feet over the main channel; the height of
the bridge not to exceed ten feet above high water ;
the piers should bo of masonry, the superstructure
of iron.
The total length of a bridge between Alameda and
Hunter's Point would be a fraction under five miles;
this would require sixty-five piers, if four hundred
feet spans were used.
