3590
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
was to vote the Republican ticket and fill the
offices with Republicans. But this argument
fails in the certain and well-known fact tuat
the purposes of the League were wholly peace-
able. There was nothing in its constitution
which looked to violence. Its meetings were
held in daylight in public places, and there
was nothing in the oath taken or proceedings
had which the whole country did not know.
The very idea is absurd that a secret could
be locked up in an order composed mainly of
ignorant, simple-hearted Blacks. The whites,
suspicious of its objects, took early and char-
acteristic measures to possess themselves of
such secrets as there were. In the testimony
taken at Livingston, Alabama, there is a case
in point. A Democratic editor for three nights
ensconced"himself in an adjoining room where
he could see and hear all that took place, and
the beginning and the end of the whole scheme
was to promote by union and consultation the
success of the Republican party, not by vio-
lence, but by persuasion and concert of action.
1 do not deny that a certain social ostracism
was practiced toward such negroes as voted
the Democratic ticket against the instincts
and convictions of the race; but that was all;
nothing of violence or intimidation toward the
whites was attempted or counseled.
Again, it has been urged in excuse of the
Ku Klux order that after the war the negroes
•were taught to believe that the country was to
be parceled out among them, at least in part;
that each negro was to have his forty acres of
land and a mule; and it is said that unscrupu-
lous men went among them and sold them
painted stakes with which to mark the corners
of their land, and that one of the purposes of
this order was to arrest this dangerous heresy.
1 do not deny, sir, that such an idea took a
fast hold on the colored mind. It was sug-
gested, no doubt, by the order of General
Sherman giving the blacks possession of the
abandoned sea islands and adjoining coast
lands. The practice of the Government in seiz-
ing abandoned plantations and leasing them
encouraged the idea. It had its foundation
in the belief that the rebels had forfeited their,
lands by their treason, and that the colored
race, who had in a great degroe been the cre-
ators of the wealth of the South, had the best
right to occupy and use the lands their labor
had cleared, fenced, drained, and tilled. Was
their belief without some foundation in justice?
Mr. President, all the wealth of the world
springs from the creative power of industry.
Need 1 elaborate this economic axiom? _ The
precious stones must be shaped and polished
by the lapidary. The gold and silver ores
must be dug from the bowels of the earth in
distant mountains, crushed and separated;
and the shining product represents in its value
the labor which has produced it. The mahog-
ony and black walnut trees standing in the forest
represent small values until fashioned by labor
and skill into costly furniture. The magnifi-
cent structures in our cities, what are they but
so much clay and stone, iron and wood, wrought
by labor into marv.elous forms of usefulness and
beauty ? The great Capitol in which we assem-
ble, one of the proudest structures in the world,
has all bf;eti wrought out from the quarry and
the mine. And passing from these works of
men's hands to the great outlying lields whence
are gathered the fruits which feed and the
plants which clothe, and on whose pastures
feed the animals which furnish food and rai-
ment, the same law obtains. For without
labor, persistent and intelligent, these were
still bogs, or forests, or unfruitful lands. And
so in the domains of thought. In yonder
library are gathered the products of mental
toil, from the dawn of civilization. When I
listen here daily to the words of wisdom, 1
know that many generations have tnade their
contributions to the learning which here linds
expression. When i turn to the distinguished
Senator from Massachusetts on my left, [Mr.
StiMXEi:,] I know that he is the product of the
civilization of twenty centuries, and that his
hands have gleaned the fields of science and
literature of all these ages; that his labors,
joined to the mental toilers who have gone
before him, have made him the scholar and
statesman the country honors.
Now, sir, knowing as we do that the slave
labor of the South filled it with most of its
wealth, should we be surprised that the colored
race really thought at the close of the war that
it was their right to have a portion of the land ?
Had not Congress declared that property, both
real and personal, should be deemed as aban-
doned when the owner was absent and en-
gaged in rebellion, and directed the sale of
that which was personal and the leasing out
of the lands? Had they not seen Treasury
agents swarming through the country taking
possession of the property of the enemy, leas-
ing plantations, and all in the name of the
Government ? Was it not generally supposed
that confiscation, as one of the punishments of
treason, would be visited on the men who went
voluntarily into the rebellion and strove to
destroy the Government ? I do not know, sir,
but that as a strict measure of justice and to the
extent the Constitution would allow, it would
not have been right to have confiscated the
estates of the leading rebels and put the loyal
blacks in possession. We know the dominant
thought with thetn was that the Government
which had struck off their fetters would com-
pel some restitution for their years of unpaid
toil, and that this compensation could come
in no form so appropriate' and just as in a
division of the land, it was no wild or absurd
fancy of theirs, but the very expression of
justice.
The minority in tbeir report complain that
the credulous negroes were alienated from
their old masters and induced by their carpet-
bag allies lo vote in solid column the Repub-
lican ticket from the belief that they would be
reduced to slavery again, notwithstanding the
thirteenth amendment, if the Democrats at-
tained power. Well, sir, wasthere'no foun-
dation for this fear? Without multiplying
proofs I cite your attention to what was done
in Mississippi during the first year after the
close of the war and before the colored peo-
ple had the right of voting. The thirteenth
amendment had then been adopted abolishing
slavery. Was this measure acquiesced in by
its Legislative Assembly, composed wholly of
white men, most of whom had been concerned
in the rebellion ?
Look at the infamous laws of that session,
which, carried into effect, would have re-
duced the freedman again substantially to
slavery. Take for illustration the act which
pretended to confer civil rights on the freed-
man ; consider some of its provisions. One
was that these people, who were landless and
homeless, should, on the 1st day of January
in each year, have a lawful home or employ-
ment, and written evidence of the fact in the
shape of a licenseissued by the proper authori-
ties. A11 contracts for labor with freedmen
for a longerperiod than a month were required
to be in writing. If the laborer quit the ser-
vice before the time stipulated, he forfeited all
his wages up to the time of leaving. One would
think this was penalty enough. But no, sir ;
any person might arrest him, and carry him
back to his employer, and compel the freed-
man to pay him for this service a fee of five
dollars, and ten cents a mile for the distance
traveled. This, when paid by the employer,
could be held as a set-off against the freed-
man' s wages. Moreover, when he left this
employer without just cause, a warrant could
be sued out for his arrest, and it possessed the
virtue of leaping county lines and traveling
from countyto county until thelostwas found.
When the einploj6 was returned to his em-
ployer, all the expenses of his capture and re-
turn were in like manner deducted from his
wages. It was to all intents and purposes a
fugitive slave law. If any person gave to the
fugitive food or raiment, there was a penalty
ranging from twenty-five to two hundred dol-
lars! and the law provided if the good Samari-
tan did not instantly pay the fine and costs he
might be sentenced to two months' imprison-
ment. If any one enticed a freedmen away
with the view of giving employment without
the limits of the State, the fine might be
$500, with imprisonment if not immediately
paid. There was a general provision that
whenever a fine or forfeiture was imposed
upon a freedman the sheriff might hire him
to aily person who would pay the fine and
costs for the shortest time of service.
I call the attention of the Senate to" the
vagrant act, passed at the same session. The
second section (page 90, act of 1865) pro-
vided that all freedmen, free negroes, and
mulattoes of Mississippi over the age of eighteen
years found on the second Monday in January,
1866, or thereafter, with no lawful employment
or business, should be deemed vagrants, and on
conviction thereof might be fined as high as fifty
dollars, and imprisoned, at the discretion ot
the court, not exceeding ten days. Another
section provided in case the fine imposed was
not paid in five days—and you will notice, sir,
it may range as high as fifty dollars—the sheriff
should hire the freedman out until his wages
paid fine and costs. Jf he could not be hired,
then he was to be dealt with as a pauper; and
how that was we shall presently see.
It was enacted that as white persons were
compelled to support their paupers, so the
freedmen, free negroes and mulattoes, should
support theirs. To effect this the boards of
county police in each county were required to
levy a poll-tax on each colored person, as I
read the law, of both sexes, between the ages
of eighteen and sixty years, which was to con-
stitute a freedmen's pauper fund, and be
applied to the maintenance of the poor. Now
mark what follows. This law provides that if
any one, young or old, no matter what the
excuse, should fail to pay the tax, it shall be
deemed evidence of vagrancy, and the sheriff is
required to arrest him and hire him out, giving,
of course, the preference to the employer.
Again, by another law it was made lawful
for a freedman to charge a white person by
affidavit with a crime committed on his per-
son or property. But mark, sir, the penalty in
case the accusation was not maintained, and
to use the language of the law''was falsely
and maliciously made;" judgment was to be
rendered against him for all costs in the case,
and a fine and imprisonment might be added,
a fine of fifty dollars, and imprisonment in the
county jail for twenty days. If the fine, costs,
and jail fees were not promptly paid by the
freedman, the sheriff might sell him into
slavery until irom his wages he could redeem
himself.
I might multiply citations from the laws of
this session. They were all adapted to that
condition of ignorance, poverty, and helpless- *
ness of the blacks by which they could be
again rcdueed substantially to slavery. This
was the object of the men who framed the
laws. They had no right to complain that the
friends of the negro told him so when he came
to be a voter and the question was with which
party he should cast his vote. And yet, in the
face of these laws, great complaint is made
because the freedman was reminded of them,
and warned that if by his vote the Democratic
party were installed m power he would be
reenslaved. It is a terrible crime in the eyes
of these old masters to be told of their hypoc-
risy ! Examine the volumes of the testimony
taken by the committee, and you shall find no
complaint more frequent or bitter on the part
of the men who-had lost their slaves than this
one, that the confidence of the negro in the
sinceiity and honest purpose of .his former
master was alienated by the teachings of the
men who came among them.
1 shall notice but a single grievance more,
loudly complained of, auu then I shall be done.
