1798
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
lative enactment remitted duties in certain
cages. If I understood the theory implied
by those cases, I may range them into two
classes: one specific, and the other general.
There is one peculiarity running through the
whole of them, that in no one instance cited
by the Senator does it appear that there was
legislation for future action ; but in every case
retrospective; in other words, the acts of re-
lief were post factum, and not ante factum.
Duties had first been paid -under the existing
tariff at the time of importation with no ex-
pectation of remission of the duties, and there-
fore no special invitation to import to compete
with home industry or to disturb the regula-
tions of trade. Subsequent to such importa-
tions the relief acts were passed. Tins was
vitally different from the proposition now
pending to invite by an act future importations
for profit and competition.
I will call the attention of the Senate and
of the Senator himself to one case to show in
that single instance how clearly this is made.
The Senator cited the ease of an act author-
izing the remission of duties on certain teas
destroyed by fire while under the care of the
officers of the customs in Providence, Rhode
Island. As it will not detain the Senate long,
1 will read that act in order the more clearly
to point out the line of demarkation:
" Be it enacted, &c„ That tho collector of the dis-
trict of Providence, 111 tho Stato of Rhodo Island,
be, and ho is hereby, authorized and directed to re-
mit the duties on such part of a certain quantity of
tons imported into tho port of Providence, in the
shipoallcd the Resource, on the 29th day of July,
1800, by Thomas Lloyd Ilalso.v, John Corlm, William
If. Megee, and Ilonry Smith, of the town of Provi-
dence, uiorchants, and on such part ot a certain
quantity of teas, imported into the said port, in tho
ship called tho Ann and Hope, on the 22d day of
August, in tho same year, by John Jarues Clark, of
the said town, merchant, as lomained doposited to
secure tho payment of duties, under tho euro of tho
olliceis of tbo customs on tlio 2lst, day of January
last, in tho aforesaid town of Providence, and shall
bo proved, to tho satisfaction of said oolloctor, to
havo been burnod and destroyed."
Tho Senate will observe that in this case
the discrimination is clearly made that upon
the teas that were destroyed on which duties
liad been paid, the duties should be remitted,
but upon the teas of the same lot that were
not destroyed, the duties were not remitted,
on the principle that wherever the importer
holding the article imported has derived no
benefit or advantage whatever from it, and is
compelled by such a calamity as fire to replen-
ish by duplicating his goods, in that case the
Government interposed for his relief and pro-
vided for the remission of duties.
By these cases cited, illustrating the princi-
ples established by the Government, my mind
lias been led to an amendment which i have
formulated and propose to offer before this
bill is disposed of, providing for the remission
of duties on goods destroyed in tho hands of
merchants who received no profit or advantage
from them, but which were held in store, and
upon which they had paid duty, and which
were destroyed by the very fire to which our
attention is now directed.
In this connection I propose to read an
extract from the letter of a merchant of Chi-
cago suggesting that very thing. I felt the
force of the argument at the time I read it. I
will therefore read a brief extract from his
letter suggesting this very relief, and it may
fairly illustrate the principle which I am try-
ing to present to the Senate:
" Our merchants are mostly tenants. For example,
out of about thirty-six wholesale grocers, about
three owned their own promises. The dealers lost
nearly everything, and had to make the best, they
could out of the insurance companies. Many were
not adequately insured, and many of the companies
beoame insolvent. This class of sufferers I thinli
have the first claim for consideration from the fact
that they paid the duties and lost most heavily,
while, on thecontraiy, the landlords have their land
left (which is the most valuable as compared with
the buildings) and have had an equal chance with
their tenants to obtain their insurance. Tlio land-
lords as a class should be entitled to relief to tho
extent of tho duties paid upon such articles as en-
tered into the construction of their buildings de-
stroyed. This would place them upon the same foot-
ing as their tenants, should they ask for any more.
If upon principles of public policy more should be
granted to them, it should not be as an equivalent
for the losses sustained by their tenants. I am in-
duced to make these statements in consequence ot
having seen the letter of J. C. Dore, which 1 cut from
the Tribune."
The letter of J. C. Dore states in a brief
paragraph that not a dollar under this bill will
go out of the Treasury of the United States.
1 leave' that to be answered by the Senator
from West Virginia, [Mr. Boiiuman,] who in
advocating the passage of this bill yesterday
declared that both the bill and my amendment
were alike appropriations from the Treasury,
and there was no distinction between them in
that respect.
Now, sir, I call attention to the fact stated
by this merchant, who, feeling his loss, suffer-
ing under it severely, advocates a relief bill
that should reach him or the property upon
which he had paid duties, and which was all
swept away by the fire, and even going so far
as to recommend the remission of the duties
on articles entering into the construction of
buildings there upon which duties had been
paid. In drawing the amendment which I
propose to offer in case this amendment shall
be voted down I had that in view, but it
occurred to me that it was impracticable.
These buildings have stood so long, it would
open such a door to fraud, that I would not
by a formal amendment here be the instru-
ment of opening the Treasury of the United
States to gross impositions, as would inevitably
follow such a proposition. Therefore I shall
confine the amendment to the merchants, to
cover their losses. It was with like design to
aid mercantile sufferers that this legislation
cited was enacted by Congress. In the case
of the other property that was destroyed by
fire, some on steamers, some on docks, more
in bonded warehouses, the intention was to
relieve those who had derived no benefit what-
ever by the sale of goods upon which duties
had been paid.
Then there was another general class for
which legislation provided. I shall not
occupy the time of the Senate by taking up
these cases seriatim. I wish that I had the
time to do so, but I am not disposed to weary
the Senate; and sinee I submitted some re-
marks when the bill was reconsidered, I think
I have shown no disposition to take up time
that might be otherwise better employed. I
remember the case of the act in regard to
hemp, referred to by the Senatorfrom Illinois,
on which the duties were to be remitted in case
that hemp entered into the making of cordage,
and that cordage was exported and sold to
foreign countries, thereby indirectly fostering
our manufactures, and at the same time placing
them on a par in open markets abroad with
foreign manufacturers who paid no duties upon
their manufactured cordage. You will notice
that the duties were to be paid upon the hemp
when imported; but when that special hemp
was used in the manufacture of cordage for
actual exportation tho duties were to be re-
mitted, and that privilege and advantage was
granted to no individual merely, but generally
to such as chose to embark in the manufacture
wherever they made cordage throughout the
land.
The Senator alluded to the ease of the fish-
eries and referred to the Senator upon my right,
[Mr. Hamilton, of Texas,] and saidthatdown
in Texas there were no codfish, and therefore
that law applied only upon the northern por-
tion of the Atlantic coast, and was in conse-
quence not of uniform application. Why, sir,
that was the fault of the exceptional fish and
not the rule of uniformity of the law. If cod-
fish were found in the waters of Texas, and could
thrive in the fresh waters of Michigan, that
exemption would have applied to them there,
so that the lawwas general and not excep-
tional. It applied to all cured fish or codfish
wheresoever found.
Then the Senator cited us to other cases for
the remission of duties in favor of colleges and
seminaries of learning w.here they imported
instruments and apparatus that entered into
the theory of education. Why, sir, that was
broadcast. The college might be in Texas or
in Maine, in California or Florida, anywhere.
Any one desirous of importing such instru-
ments and using them for collegiate or for
educational purposes would be entitled to the
rebate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would it make any
difference, the Senator will allow me to in-
quire, if it had been confined to one institu-
tion at one place?
Mr. FEIiltY, of Michigan. I will answer
the Senator by saying that if retroactively it
applied to a certain case, to a certain sem-
inary, [ gay according to the precedents cited
in this discussion it has been the action of
Congress to provide for such eases, but in no
one have I discovered where such a specific
law applied to the future.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would it make any
difference to the Senator if there were such
laws applying to the future in a specific case ?
Would it.change bis view at all?
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. It would change
my view of the tenor of cited cases.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I beg leave to
read to him from an act of Congress incorpor-
ating certain persons in theDistrict of Colum-
bia by the name of the Washington Zoological
Society. Section two of that act declares :
" That the said society may from timeto time im-
port into this country from foreign countries, freo
of duty, all birds and animals necessary for th-B
establishment of such gardens."
That is prospective.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. That is here in
the J)istrict of Columbia under the immediate
supervision of Congress, and would carry out
the principle of the general welfare of the
nation. The Senator may smile; but I appeal
to him if his theory has not been that this
relief shall go to Chicago because the fire
there was a national calamity, and therefore
the relief is a matter of national importance.
Here in the Territory or the District of Colum-
bia, under the then direct legislation of the
nation, it seems you have provided for the im-
portation of birds and animals for the benefit
of a zoological society. Such an act may be
(Congress passed it, and I am disposed to be-
lieve it is) constitutional. The Senator has
cited that case, which has not appeared here-
tofore before the Senate in the discussion of
this question, and 1 do not see that it militates
against the uniformity of congressional prac-
tice.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does it make any dif-
ference to the Senator that this society was
located in the District of Columbia? If it
does, I will, with pleasure, read to him specilio
cases out of the District.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. The Senator
will have time enough to do that if he can. I
see his desk is piled up with books, and 1 pre-
sume he proposes to speak on this question at
the close of the debate. At that time 1 shall
be happy to hear from the senior Senator from
Illinois, and meet any exception he may ex-
hibit; but at the present moment I am not dis-
posed to be diverted from the direction of my
remarks.
Thus much, sir, upon the precedents that
have been cited in support of this measure.
Now, sir, with a view of meeting the theory
of this bill, I have offered an amendment on
the basis of the Portland bill, providing an
appropriation of $400,000, to be taken from
the Treasury of the United States, and under
the same restrictions and direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, in the application of
this relief for the sufferers by the fire at Chi-
cago. I am, however, met not only by Sena-
tors here, but by the city itself, represented
through its press, by the assertion that they
are opposed to any such proposition because it
is in the form of a charity. They are not
