1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1799
mendicants, the Chicago Tribune states; they
will not receive anything in the shape of "a
gift enterprise,'' heading their article by that
term ; bat what they want is an indirect appro-
priation, giving tliem not merely $400,00(3, but
as they expect as they first stated, $20,000,000,
and as they have since stated, $25,000,000.
Now, sir, when those on the ground, knowing
the necessities and making the demands for
this rebate, reveal to the nation that their ob-
ject is to derive, benefit indirectly from twenty
to twenty-five million dollars by large import-
ations, it becomes my duty, as one Senator on
this floor, to pause and consider whether lean
justly be instrumental in thus diverting from
American industry, and consequently out of
the accumulations of the nation 
Mr. LOGAN. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. Does the Senator believe a
word of what he is stating now, that the bill
will take twenty or twenty-five millions out of
the Treasury ?
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I answer the
Senator that I know not what the result may
be. If I am asked whether I believe all the
statements of the Chicago Tribune, I say not,
and I may have occasion to allude to some
other things that the Tribune has said, which
challenges my respect for the correctness of
all of its statements. At all events, the Tri-
bune has implied in express terms that the
benefits of the bill, if passed, would aggregate
twenty to twenty-five million dollars.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope tlie Senator will allow
me a word right there. I have no interest in
his contest with the Tribune, or with any other
paper. I do not intend to follow him with a
speech, or say anything further in connection
with this bill; but at this point I should like
to make a suggestion to the Senator. He says
he proposes an appropriation of $400,000 for
the relief of the city of Chicago. That, as a
matter of course, is for the relief of those who
need charity. I have said heretofore, and I
will state again, the reason why this is not de-
sirable. I sustain the newspapers of Chicago
in saying we do not want that, for this reason:
the world has exhibited itself in a charitable
point of view and contributed largely for the
relief of the poor of Chicago. The poor peo-
ple there who needed clothes and provisions
have been provided for. Chicago, therefore,
does not ask any further charity. The world
has given freely, and she thanks the world
for it. Chicago is able now to take care of
her poor people, so far as feeding then* and
clothing them is concerned. Hence we do
not want and do not ask charity, and I will
say that in this shape we would not accept it.
Mr. CARPENTER. I should like to ask
the Senator from Illinois if this bill does not
rest on charity, on what ground does it rest?
Does Chicago claim this as a matter of right?
Mr. LOGAN.. No, sir; as a matter of jus-
tice, not a matter of right.
Mr. CARPENTER. If she claims it as a
matter of justice, then she has a right to it.
When did she ever get a right to this under
the Constitution of the United States?
Mr. LOGAN. We have discussed that
constitutional question, and I do not care to
go into it any further. There is a broad dis-
tinction. and the Senator knows it.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I hope the Sen-
ator will bear in mind that I have the floor.
Mr. LOGAN. IbegtheSenator'spardon, but
I hope he will allow ine to answer the question.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Certainly.
Mr. LOGAN. It seems very strange that
these little advantages are taken all the time.
I said Chicago did not want charity in the way
in which it was proposed to appropriate money
to relieve the distressed, and I say that now.
She does not need it. The Senator from Wis-
consin rises at once and wants to know what-
sis is if it is not charity. He said yesterday
it was unconstitutional.
Mr. CARPENTER. I regard it as uncon-
stitutional charity.
Mr. LOGAN. Very well. No matter how
you regard it, I have put it on the ground that
it would be a generous act on the part of Con -
gress to aid the city of Chicago in its recon-
struction or rebuilding, the same as the Con-
gress of the United States aids a railroad in
its reconstruction or rebuilding, or aids any-
thing else for the purpose of benefiting the
country and restoring again to its original con-
dition that which has been destroyed. That is
the ground I put this measure on, and the
Senator well knows it.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, I corroborate
the view taken by the Senator from Wisconsin,
that if this is a question of justice the Senator
from Illinois, with his colleague, has a right
here to demand it at the hands of this Senate
and this Congress.
Mr. LOGAN. Not at all. We have never
demanded it. If the Senator will allow me,
I wish to explain.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Certainly. I
want the Senator to understand that so far as
sympathy is concerned, and a desire to aid
Chicago, I am heartily with him.
Mr. LOGAN. Indeed 1
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. The Senator
has attempted to snee>' in that manner before.
I am willing to have light from any quarter on
the question. That is my object, and for that
reason I yield again to the Senator.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not see that there is any
necessity of Senators trying to be sharp be-
cause gentlemen here are trying to explain all
they desire. I have never indulged in any-
thing of the kind myself. But I was going to
say to the Senator, as he well knows, that an
act of justice may not be demanded. You
have no right to demand it; you have a right
to ask it. I say it is an act of justice for this
reason: the same thing has been done for
others, and therefore it was right to do it for
us; it is equally just to do it for Chicago ; and
it is on that ground I have said all the time
that it is an act of justice, but I have never
demanded anything of this Senate.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I think that in
the discussion in the case of Portland it was
not insisted that it was a right or an act of
justice in the sense that it is now considered
m support of this bill, but that it was more an
act of charity. Now, the pending measure is
termed aid, if you please, or rather, in the
language of the bill, a relief for the city of
Chicago. The precedent of Portland is cited
for the passage of this bill. The objection-
able features of that dangerous precedent
have been well stated here on the floor of the
Senate, and some Senator eminently versed
in law has stated that it were better to over-
throw a bad precedent than to fortify it by an
additional one.
I desire now to call the attention of the
Senate to a short paragraph in the message
of the Executive of Michigan recently sub-
mitted to the Legislature of that State, now
in session:
" While the people of Michigan were engaged in
the noble work of furnishing relief to the sufferers
in Chicago, the same devouringelementwasmakmg
sad havoc in our own State. Thriving towns, farms,
and school-houses, churches, stock, crops, and thou-
sands of acres of our most valuable timber were
consumed. Nearly five thousand families or about
eighteen thousand persons were rendered homeless,
and deprived of the necessarios of life."
I read that to show from that Executive that
while the citizens of Michigan were contribut-
ing, as it was their privilege and choice to do,
for the sufferers at Chicago, they were at the
same time being seared by like destructive fire
which was sweeping over and destroying their
homes and their property.
Now, sir, in the language of the Senator
from Iowa, who reported this bill from the
Finance Committee, I agree that Chicago is
in a measure the child of the nation, and that
many portions of the country are sensitive to
the growth and the prosperity of that city.
If that be the fact, then, when she suffers, the
desire for her relief will be as quick and as
great as estimation is broad and vital for her
as the western metropolis of the nation. Then
from that broad area springs the certainty and
sufficiency of capital to rebuild Chicago; and
on that account, as a question of strict justice,
she is not entitled to relief as much as suf-
ferers who are more local, towns and cities
more isolated, and individuals whose entire
property has been destroyed and who have no
such sympathy and interest to draw from and
insure the reerection of homes and the re-
imbursement of losses. In this connection—
and my colleague alluded to it—I should like
very much to submit to the Senate and to the
country an exhibit of the wealth of some of
the citizens of Chicago, and we may as well
consider this question frankly. I think the
manner in which we have been treated by the
Chicago press will invite me to plainness.
And I trust I shall be controlled by modera-
tion, and so far as advised shall utter the truth
in what I say.
I hold in my hand an estimate of gentlemen
present here with members of the committee
who came to lobby this measure through Con-
gress; made by real estate owners and with
reputation of good judges of the value of prop-
erty in Chicago. In fact, I have two estimates,
one that of a gentlersan who has lived there
for twenty years, who is also well versed in
the value of real estate and the wealth of citi-
zens in that city or holding property therein.
Here is one worth $5,000,000 to day since the
fire, not a resident of Chicago, and yet on this
committee to aid in the passage of this bill,
and am told a resident of New York. Another
gentleman, who resides in Chicago, is worth
to-day $4,000,000, another $3,000,000. Here
are a number of gentlemen worth $26,000,000,
each worth over a million of money. Then I
have a list of $15,000,000 owned by several
other gentlemen worth $1,000,000 each.
Mr. POMEROY. Who got up that estimate ?
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. It was handed
to me by gentlemen, as I have said, conversant
with the bases of their estimates.
Mr. POMEROY. There is nothing easier
than to overestimate a man. If a man is
worth $500,000 it is generally supposed he is
worth two or three millions.
Mr. LOGAN. I think the Senator from
Michigan would not want to appear so ridicu-
lous m the papers as to state that as a fact.
Mr. FEPuRY, of Michigan. My reputation
is not in the Senator's keeping. I will take
care of the Senator from Michigan in that
respect.
Mr. LOGAN. I beg pardon. I merely got
up to correct the gentleman. I could name
half a dozen men on that slip that were not
worth fifty dollars after the fire; men that are
perfectly impoverished to-day. The Senator
referred to a gentleman liviug in New York
who was here with the Chicago committee. I
presume he referred to Mr. Ogden, did he
not?
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I have named
no one. If the gentleman insists upon know-
ing, I say yes, it was stated to be Mr. Ogden.
Mr. LOGAN. As far as Mr. Ogden is con-
cerned, he is a very wealthy man, and he owns
one hundred thousand acres of pine lands in
the State of Wisconsin that were burned over,
and yet he wants the bill passed.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Since the Sen-
ator has mentioned him it is no disclosure,
because it has been publicly known that the
same gentleman who is the representative of
so much wealth stated here that on account
of the burned timber in Wisconsin and Michi-
gan there would be, in his judgment, two hun-
dred and fifty million feet more of lumber go
into the market of Chicago this year than was
sent there last year ; and te my question what
in his judgment would be the relative value of
the market this year compared with last, he
stated that it would be lower in his judgment.
