1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3591
We are told the South has been impoverished
by bad government; that the taxes are burden-
some beyond endurance; that there is no
prosperity there; in fact that a blight has fallen
oh their country. It is now; but seven years
since the war closed. We know the condition
of the South at that time; that its resources
were all wasted, its people impoverished. We
know that the charity of the Government gave
them food. We know that two unfruitful sea-
sons followed the war; that the South sent
emissaries among the people of the North
asking alms, and that they were freely given.
And yet complaint is made that the South is
not restored to its old-time prosperity, and it
is set down to misgovernment, to bad laws, to
the policy pursued by Congress. The very
statement of the argument contains the refuta-
tion. No allowance is made for the ravages
of*war, for bad seasons, nor for the disturbed
condition of society there, which repelled im-
migration, and for which nobody is responsible
but themselves.
But there is much that is false in the charge
itself. It is true that the basis of taxation has
been changed, and the land-owners are now
compelled to pay their share of taxation which
before the war they did not. But I deny that
State, county, and city taxation is as high in
the South as in most of the Statesofthe North.
A reference to the census tables will prove that
in 1870 the rates of taxation were higher in
New York, Ohio, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa,
Massachusetts, Michigan, Pennsylvania, and
Missouri, than in the eleven States which
rebelled. The total taxes levied in these
eleven States in that year were but a fraction
upward of thirty-two millions ou an assessed
valuation of property of $2,206,440,971, or
one cent and a half on the dollar. In the State
of New York taxes were levied in that year
to the amount of $48,500,000 on an assessed
valuation of $1,967,001,185, being at the rate
of $2 46 on the $100. That single State paid
more taxes than the eleven southern States,
by $16,000,000, and ou a less property basis.
Why, sir, my own State, the smallest, except
Vermont, which has been admitted into the
Union since the Constitution was formed, paid
in that same year, 1870, about eleven million
dollars taxes, one third of the entire amount
paid by the eleven insurrectionary States. The
per cent, of tax on the assessed value in Indi-
ana was $1 62 on every $100, whiie in the
South, as I have stated, it was but $1 50.
It will do very well for unscrupulous politi-
cians to make the world believe that the South
has been eaten up by taxation, but these are
the cold facts as given by the census returns.
For the first time the true principle of tax-
ation has been applied there and property
made to pay taxes according to its value.
How was it before the war? The false clamor
made about taxes compels us to go back and
ascertain the principles upon which they were
laid in the times of slavery. Take the case
of Mississippi for illustration. Taxes to sup-
port the State government were levied by this
scale : taxable lands paid but sixteen cents
on every $100 of valuation ; a plantation of
the value of $10,000 paid a State tax of but
sixteen dollars, whiie a ten-pin alley, a the-
ater, a race track, or a barber shop, each paid
a tax of twenty-five dollars. Think ot an
humble barber paying a tax as high as the
owner of a plantation worth $15,000! A piano
worth $400 paid a tax of one dollar; the
owner of a slave worth $1,000 paid a tax of
s-eventy-five cents. A white man paid a poll-
tax of forty cents, while the free negro man
paid one of a dollar, for the greater advantage,
1 suppose, of tlie government which he en-
joyed. I do not know any other cause. There
was never a more unjust system of taxation
than that which prevailed in these States be-
fore the war. The dominant planting interest
in the South having the control of political
affairs, took good care to save their property
from the burdens of taxation and put it on the
shoulders of others. But I have not time to
dwell on this subject.
I wish to say a single word as to the condi-
tion of the South as to prosperity. It is pre-
tended that there has been none there, that
she has remained stationary while the remain-
der of the country has been advancing, and
here again, sir, we must turn to the census
tables to learn the facts.
I gave what was the assessed value of the
property in the eleven insurrectionary States
in 1870. The true value, however, as returned
by the census, is $2,735,545,451. The value
of agricultural products in those State for the
year ending June 1, 1870, was $607,940,464,
or nearly one fourth of the entire value of the
property. Leaving slaves out of the question,
the census value of property in those States in
the year 1870 exceeds that of 1860 more than
six million dollars, notwithstanding the im-
mense destruction of values during the war.
In the single item of railroads her prosperity
is seen in the construction of four thousand
and two miles, costing $172,500,000, since
1860, making the number of miles now com-
pleted and in operation in those eleven States
a little more than twenty-three thousand.
Now, sir, the South complains of corrupt
legislators and Governors who have destroyed
the credit of the States and loaded them hope-
lessly with debt. That this is true in some of
the States I have no doubt. Had the Ku Klux
outrages been directed to these faithless pub-
lic servants the world would have been well
rid of them and nobody complained. But
what logical connection exists between what
happened at the capitals of South Carolina
and Georgia, where bribery and corruption
abounded, and the whipping of inoffensive
negroes a hundred miles away? Grant that
Bullock was a thief, how does that excuse the
murder of honest men not implicated in his
stealings? Grant that a corrupt Legislature
in Columbia ruined the credit of South Caro-
lina, what has that to do with the whippings
and murders in York and Spartanburg coun-
ties ? The apologists for these outrages always
tell us in excuse that the State governments
have robbed the people, just as if there was
the least connection in logic between the two
things! There is none whatever, unless the
negroes are punished for having voted these
men into office.
Before concluding, I wish to submit to the
Senate and the country some facts concerning
the extent of this conspiracy against the rights
and liberties of the loyal people of the South,
particularly the blacks, the men concerned in
it and their purposes, as lately laid before
Congress by the President in response to the
call of the House of Representatives. Since
the enactment of the laws of May 31, 1870,
and April 20, 1871, conferring upon the courts
of the United States jurisdiction to deal with
this class of offenses, there has been a most
startling development of the extent and oper-
ations of this Klan. The President informs
us that representations having been made to
him that in certain portions of South Carolina
a condition of lawlessness and terror existed, he
requested the late Attorney General to visit
that State and after a personal examination to
report to him the facts in relation to the sub-
ject. That officer, on the 16th of October
last, addressed to the President a communica-
tion from South Carolina, in which he stated
that in the counties of Spartanburg, York,
Chester, Union, Laurens, Newberry, Fairfield,
Lancaster, and Chesterheld, there were com-
binations for the purpose of preventing the
free political action of citizens who were
friendly to the Constitution and Government
of the United States, and of depriving the
emancipated class of the equal protection of
the laws. The President then proceeds to
quote the following language from the com-
munication of his Attorney General:
'* These combinations embrace at least two thirds
of the active white men"-—
Mark the language, sir—
" embrace at least two thirds of the active white
men of those counties"—
The counties that I have just enumerated—
" and have the sympathy and countenance of a
majority of the other third. They are connected
with similar combinations in other counties and
States, and no doubt are part of a grand system of
criminal associations pervading most of the south-
ern States. The members are bound to obedience
and secrecy by oaths which they are taught to regard
as of higher obligation than the lawful oaths taken
before civil magistrates, They are organized and
armed. They effect their objects by personal vio-
lence, often extending to muiiier. They terrify wit-
nesses. They control juries in the State courts, and
sometimes in the courts of the United States. Sys-
tematic perjury is one of the means by which pros-
ecutions of themembersarc defeated. From inform-
ation given by officers of the State and of the
United States, and by credible private citizens, I
am justified in affirming that the instances of crim-
inal violence perpetrated by these combinations
within the last twelve months, in the above-named
counties, eould be reckoned by thousands."
This is not my language; it is the language
of a citizen of Georgia, at the time he wrote
it, the Attorney General of the United States.
The present Attorney General, on the 19th day
of last month also laid before the President the
following communication, which I make no
apology for reading at length :
Department of Justice,
washington, April 19,1872.
Sir : X have the honor to acknowledge, through
your reference, thereceipt of the resolution reported
by Mr. Poland to the House of Representatives,
from the joint select Committee to enquire into
the Condition of the late Insurrectionary States,
which was agreed to.
In answer to the first clause of the resolution "in
refereuce to portions of the State of South Caro-
lina," 1 have the honor to inclose herewith a copy
of a report made to this Department by Mr. 1). T.
Corbin, United States attorney for that district,
marked Exhibit A. The report contains a list, a
copy of which is herewith transmited, " of five hun-
dred and one names of persons who have been ar-
rested in that State in pursuance of the authority
conferred by act of Congress, approved April 20,
1871;" the names of fifty-three persons who volun-
tarily confessed in open court that they at the time
of confession " were or had been members of the
combinations and conspiracies forbidden and made
penal by said ael;" who pleaded guilty to indict-
ment, the number and character of whose sentences
are annexed; the names of five who were tried by
jury at the November, 1871, term of United States
circuit court, the number and character of whose
indictments and their sentences are annexed; the
names of one hundred and sixty-two persons who
were indicted at the same term of court, but not
tried the number and character of whose indict-
ments, are annexed; the names of two hundred and
eighty-6ne persons who were arrested but not tried;
the names of one hundred and eighty-five persons
living in York county alone who have been paroled
to appear when required, "and who confessed their
connection with" said conspiracies; the names of
others who were paroled are found on Exhibit A.
from page 3 to page 20 inclusive; the number and
character of offenses forbiddenby said " acts named
in said indictments, or ascertained by confessions or
other information," being ninety-one conspiracies
under sections six and seven, act of May 31, 1870,
thirty-one conspiracies under section two, act of
April 20, 1871, including eleven prosecutions for
murder, said offenses having "been committed in
the respective counties in which the privilege of the
writ ot habeas corpus has been suspended in the
State of South Carolina," and "the dates of said
alleged offenses" being stated on pages from 20 to
30 of Exhibit A, in the third column.
Other information relative to the execution of the
laws in these counties is found in the letter of the
United States attorney, marked Exhibit B.
Exhibit C contains a copy of report by Mr. D. H.
Starbuek, United States attorney for North Caro-
lina. It presents a list of the names of thirty-seven
persons who were convicted or pleaded guilty of
violations of the acts of Congress approved April 20,
1871, and May 31,1S70. with their sentences annexed ;
the names of nine hundred and forty-four other
persons indicted at Raleigh for similar violations.
There are one hundred and five indictments on
the docket, embracing the larger number of persons
mentioned above for conspiracies.
The report marked Exhibit D details the necessity
for an enforcement of the laws in North Carolina
for the security of life and person and property.
The United States attorney for the southern dis-
trict of Mississippi reports, in regard to the enforce-
ment of the acts aforementioned in his district, a
list of one hundred and fifty-two names of persons
indicted in the United States courts, with the
offenses charged against each. This report is dated
February 17, 1872, and marked ExhibitE.
The United States attorney for the northern dis-
trict. G. Willey Wells, esq., reports four hundred and
ninety names of persons who have been indicted;
two hundred of persons arrested; one hundred and
seventy-two of persons arrested and bound over;
twenty-eight of persons who pleaded guilty; four-
teen of persons who confessed and gave State s
