1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. McCLELLAND said: I desire to state
that Mr. B. F. Misyers, my colleague, is
absent on leave, and is paired with Mr.
Shoemaker, another colleague.
The question recurred upon ordering the
bill, as amended, to be engrossed and read a
third time.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the bill and
amendments be laid on the table.
Mr. PERCE. I hope we can have a vote
on the bill as it stands.
Mr. RANDALL. The motion to lay on the
table is a test vote; but if the gentleman pre-
fers to have the test vote on the engrossment
and third reading, I will withdraw the motion
to lay on the table.
Mr. SPEAKER. The question is upon
ordering the bill, as amended, to be engrossed
and read a third time.
Mr. COX. On that question I call for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. GOLLADAYand Mr. HAWLEYcalled
for the reading of the bill as amended.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent, as the question now is upon ordering
the bill to be read a third time.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I object.
The question was then taken; and it was
decided 111 the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 99,
not voting 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Banks, Barber, Barry, Bell,
Bigby, Austin Biair, George M. Brooks. Buckley,
Buffinton. Burchard Burdett. Boderick R. Butler,
William T. Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Coghlan, Conger,
I)arrall, Dawes, Donnan, Ducll, Dunuell, E;unes,
Edwards, Ely, Earnsworth, Farwell, Finkelnburg,
Charles Foster,WilderD. Foster, Frye, Garfield, Gar-
rett, Golladav,Goodrich Hale, Halsey,Banner, Har-
per, GeorgeE. Harris, Havens, Huwicy, Hay, Gerry
w. Hazleton, John W.Hazleton, Hill. Hoar, Hooper,
Kelley. Kellosrs, Kerr, Lamport, Lansing, Leaeh.
Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, McGrew, McKee, Mernam,
Monroe, Moore, Alorey, Morphis, Packard, Palmer,
Isaac C. Parker, Pendleton, Perce, Piatt, Poland,
Porter, Potter, Prindle, Kainey, Ellis II. Roberts,
Sawyer, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shella-
barger, Sloeura. John A. Smith, Worthmgton O.
Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague,
Stevens, Stevenson, Stowell, Strong, Sutherland,
Sypher, Taffe, Thomas, Dwight Town?end, Wash-
ing Townsend. Turner. Twiehell, Tyner, Upson,
Wakeman. Walden, Wallace, Wheeler, Whiteley,
Willard, Williams of Indiana, and Jeremiah M.
Wilson—112.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams. Ambler, Arthur,
Averill, Barnum, Beatty, Beck, Bevendge, Biggs,
Bingham, Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton, Bright,
Jame^ Brooks, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Free-
man Clarke, Comingo. Conner, Cotton, Cox, Crebs,
Critcher, Crossland, Davis, Dox, Du Bose Duke,
Eldridge, Henry D. Foster, Getz, Griffith, Haldeman,
Hancock, Handloy. flanks. John T. Harris, Here-
ford, Herndon, Hibbard, Ilolman, Kendall, Ivill-
inger, King, Lamibon, Lewis. Manson, Marshall,
McClelland, McCormick, MeHenry, Mclntyre, Mc-
Junkin, McKinney, McNeely, Mercur, Merrick,
Morgan, Leonard Myers, Negley, Niblack, Orr,
Packer, Ilosea W. Parker. Peck, Eli Perry, Price,
Randall, Bead. Edward Y. Ricc, John M. Rice,
Ritchie, William K. Roberts, Roosevelt, Rusk, Sar-
gent, Sherwood, Shober, Slater, SIoss, Storm,
Stoughton, Swann, Tuthill, Van Trump, Vaughan,
Waddcll, Waklron, Warren. Welis, Whitthorne,
Williams of New York, John T.Wilson, Winchester,
Wood, and Young-—U9.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Benjamin F.
Butler, Creelv, Dc Large, Dickey, Elliott, Forker,
Hambleton, Hnys, Houghton, Ketcham, Kmsella,
McCrary, Benjamin F. Mevers, Mitchell, Aaron
F. Porry. Peters. Robinson, Rogers, Scofield. Shoe-
maker, II. Boardman Smith, R. Milton Speer,
Starkweather, St. John, Terry, Voorhees, and
Walls—28.
So the bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read the third time.
The question then recurrcd on the passage
of the bill.
Mr. PERCE called the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HEREFORD. I call for the yeas and
nays 011 the passage of this bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 117, nays 98, not
voting 2-1; as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Acker, Ames, Banks. Barber,
Bairy, Bell. Beveridge, Bigby, Austin BUir. George
M, Brooks, Buckley, BulRnton, Burcbard, Burdett,
William T. Clarke, Cobb, Cohurn, Coghlan, Conger,
Darrall, Dawes, Donnan, Duel), Dunnell, Eames,
Edwards. Ely, Farnsworth, Farwell, Finkelnburg,
Charles Foster, Wilder D. Foster, I1 rye, Garfield,
Garrett, Golladay, Goodrich, Hale, Halsey, Harmer,
Harper. George E. Harris, Havens, Hawley, Hay,
Hays, Gerry W. Hazleton. John W. Haizleton, Hill,
Hoar, Hooper, Kelley, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham,
Lamport, Lansing, Leach, Lowe, Lynch, May-
nard, McGrew, McKee, Merriam, Monroe, Moore,
Morphis, Packard, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Pen-
dleton, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Piatt, Poland, Por-
ter, Potter, Prindle, Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts,
Sawyer, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shella-
barger, Slocum, John A. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague,
Starkweather, Stevenson, Storm, Stowell, Strong,
Sutherland, Sypher, Taffe, Thomas, Dwight Town-
send, Washington Townsend, Turner. Twiehell, Ty-
ner, Upson, Wakeman, Walden, Wallace, Wa^s«
Wheeler, Whiteley, Willard, Williams of Indiana,
and Jeremiah M. Wilson—117.
NAYS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Arthur, Averill,
Barnum, Beatty, Beck, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Brax-
ton. Bright, James Brooks, Caldwell, Campbe1!,
Carroll. Freeman Clarke, Cotmngo, Conner, Cotton,
Cox, Crebs.Critcher, Crossland, Davis,Dickey* Dox,
Du Bose. Duke, Eldridge, Forker, Henry D. Foster,
Getz,Griffith. Haldeman. Hancock, Handley,Hanks,
John T. Harris, Hereford, Herndon,Jtlibbard, Hoi-
man, Houghton, Kendall, Killiuger, King, Lamison,
Lewis, Manson, Marshall, McClcllnnd, McCormick,
MeHenry, Mclntyre, McJunkin, McKinney. Mc-
Neely, Mercur, Merrick, Morgan, Leonard Myers,
Negley, Niblack, Orr, Packer, Hosea W. Parker,
Peck, Eli Perry, Price, Read, Edward Y. Rice, John
M. Rice, Ritchie, Roosevelt, Sargent, Sherwood,
Shober, Slater, Sloss, Stevens, Stoughton, Swann,
Terry, Tuthill, Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees,
Waddell, Waldron, Warren, Wells, Whitthorne,
Williams of New York, JohnT. Wilson, Winchester,
Wood, and Young—98.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer. James G. Blair,
Benjamin F.- Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Creely,
De Large, Elliott, Hambleton, Kinsella, McCrary,
Benjamm F. Meyers, Mitchell, Morcy, Peters, Ran-
dall. WilliamR. Roberts, Robinson, Rogers. Rusk,
Scofield, Shoemaker, II. Boardiuan Smith, R. Milton
Speer, and St. John-~2-i.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. PERCE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JURISDICTION OF COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. VOORHEES. I ask unanimous con-
sent to report and have passed at the present
time a joint resolution which has been unani-
mously agreed upon by the Committee on the
Judiciary. It simply restores jurisdiction to
the Court of Claims over a certain claim pend-
ing there.
Several members objected.
DRAWING FOR SEATS.
The SPEAKER. The House now resumes
as the regular order the consideration of the
following resolution reported from the Com-
mittee on the Rules:
Resolved, That the following be added to the rules
of the House:
Rule —. Whenever the seats shall have been
drawn no proposition shall be in order for a second
drawing during the same Congress: Provided, That
this rule shall not apply to the Forty-Second Con-
gress.
To this resolution the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] moved an amendment by
striking out the proviso. The gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather] moved to
amend by striking out all after the word
<'provided,, and inserting what will be read
by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided further, That the Clerk of the House do
forthwith place in a box the name of each member
and delegate of the House of Representatives writ-
ten upon aseparate slip of paper; that he then pro-
ceed, in the presence of the House, to draw from the
said box, one at a time, the said slips of paper, and
as each seat is drawn he shall announce the name
of the member or delegate upon it. who shall choose
his seal; for the present Congress: Provided, That
betore said drawing shall commence the Speaker
shall cause each seat to be vacated, and shall see
that every scat continue* vacant until it is selected
under this order, and that every ^cat, after having
been selected,shall be deemed iojieited it left unoc-
cupied before the calling of the roll is finished:
And be it further ijroiv'tierf, That the Sergeant-at-
Arms shall, when their names are announced, select
seats for Messrs. Scofield. McCrary, H. Boakdman
Smith, Arghek, and R. Miltox Speer. who are
absent by order of the House.
Mr. POLAND. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Are amendmentsin
order ?
The SPEAKER. They are not, except by
unanimous consent.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We cannot allow
any farther amendments.
Mr. POLAND. If gentlemen will hear this
read, I think there will be'no objection.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to allow-
ing the proposed amendment to be reported ?
It proposes the recognition which has usually
been made in favor of the senior member of
the House, who is now chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, [Mr. Dawes.}
Several Members. No objection.
The proposed amendment of Mr. Poland
was read, as follows :
Resolved, That before the drawing for seats shall
take place, Mr. Hkxry L. Dawes, of Massachusetts,
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
shall be allowed to select his seat.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I accept that as
a modification of my amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, xose.
Mr. COX. Who has the floor?
The SPEAKER. No one has the floor.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. , My col-
league, Alvah Crocker, elected to the House,
has been kept away by the sickness and death
of his wife. Will the House consent when his
name is called that, some of his delegation may
choose a seat for liirn ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If that be allowed I
wish to make a selection for my colleague,
Mr. Mitchell, who is absent.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I move that all mem-
bers over sixty years of age be also allowed" to
choose their seats. [Laughter.]
Mr. PLATT. I move to amend by saying
all under thirty-five. [Laughter.]
Mr. ROOSEVELT. I move that young
and inexperienced members, who are here for
the first time, [laughter,] be also allowed to
choose their seats. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. When this matter was
last before tho House the previous question
bad been seconded, and the question now is,
" Shall the main question be ordered to be
put?"
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
members of the Committee on Rules have
their names placed in the bottom of the box.
[Laughter.]
The main question was ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentlemen from New
York, [Mr. Cox,] who reported from the
Committee on Rules, is now entitled to one
hour for the purpose of closing debate.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. COX rose, and was greeted with great
laughter.
Mr. CONGER. I rise to a point of order.
We have not yet been able to hear a solitary
word uttered by the gentleman from New
York. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. I do not very often trouble the
House. [Laughter.]
Mr. FALINSWORTH. Does this interrup-
tion come out of the gentleman's hour?
Mr. COX. With all respect to the gentle-
man from Illinois, who was so facetious as to
move that the names of the members of the
Committee on Rules be placed at the bottom
of the box, 1 will say this: I do not care where
we are placed. We do not rest so much on
our foundation as gentlemen from other parts
of the country.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. And the gentleman
might say that they would not occupy so much
room in the bottom of the box. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. So far as the drawing for seats
is concerned it matters little where members
sit. It matters much to behave well in your
seats. The people understand that if we do
not. I do not wish to employ my whole hour
to demonstrate how that applies. [Laughter. ]
I wish simply to speak to my resolution, It
did not apply to this Congress. I may say
that there are many gentlemen who have r~" "
