1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2695
Suppose the average thickness of the piers be fif-
teen feet, they would aggregate the sum of nine hun-
dred and seventy-five feet taken from the water-way,
which would be one twenty-seventh part of the width
of the bay between the points named. The first two
miles of the eastern end would be through shoal
water, commencing on the shore at zero and running
to eighteen feet, the average depth about nine feet
at low water; the western three miles would be
across the main channel of the bay; the least four
iathoms, twenty-tour feet, the greatest twelve fath-
oms, or seventy-two feet at low water; the average
of this part of the line would be not far from forty-
four feet at low water.
Tbe distance between Alameda Point and Boil-
ing-Mill Point is alittle less than five miles. Abridge
between these points would pass for the eastern two
miles through water averaging nine foet in depth at
low water, the extremities being zero and eighteen
feet; the three miles across the main channel would
be in depths varying from four fathoms, twenty-four
feet, to nine and one fourth fathoms, fifty-six feet—
the average depth would be about forty feet at low
water; the comparative evenness of the bottom on
this line and its direction being at right angles to
that of the current in this part of the bay, would,
other things being equal, make it more desirable.
The draw, if but one, should be about one mile
from the San Francisco shore, and of a width of not
less than four hundred feet.
If such a bridge is ever undertaken, it ought to
be first class in every respect.
The interest connected with it after completion
would be too great to permit the risk of its destruc-
tion by fire or any other causes within the compass
of man's ability to prevent.
It ought to accommodate a double-track railroad
overhead, and roads for ordinary transit below.
The cost would depend to a considerable extent on
the nature of the foundation.
If no very great difficulties should be encountered,
except from the depth of water, the approximate
cost of such a bridge would be $15,000,000.
Question. Do you consider that a bridge, wherever
located or however constructed, would be as eco-
nomical, or any more direct, or any more effective
in fixing the terminus in San Francisco than the use
of steam ferry-boats of sufficient capacity to accom-
modate an entire train of freight and passenger cars ?
Such boats are used between Plattsburg and Bur-
lington, on Lake Champlain, a distance of twenty-
five miles; on the lifte of the railroad between Og-
densburg, New York, and Boston ; also, across the
Susquehanna, at Havre-de-Graoe, Maryland.
Answer. We believe it will be preferable to use
Eroperly constructed ferry-boats for the present.
ooking' at the question of economy of transit only,
wo think that tlie railroad interests and the com-
merce of San Francisco will ha,ve to be greatly
increased before the construction of a bridge across
the bay will bo justified.
For instance: if tbecostof the bridge is815,000,000,
the interest on the cost at seven per cent, per an-
num, will be 51,050,000, to which must be added the
cost of keeping the bridge in order, painting, attend-
ing the draw or draws, &c., say $25,000, making the
total annual cost of bridge and its maintenance,
$1,075,000.
Now, the cost of keeping up and running a first-
class ferry-boat between this city and Oakland,
capable of transporting twenty freight cars at a
time, would not cxeeed $100,000, or at most $150,000
per year, so that the city or the railroad, as the case
may be, looking at the question of expenditure only,
had better keep a free ferry between this city and
Oakland, consisting, if necessary, of seven ferry-
boats, at an annual cost of $150,000 each, rather than
to build and maintain a bridge at an annual cost
of $1,075,000.
While, therefore, we admit the practicability of
building a bridge across the bay, and the possible
necessity of it being built at some future day, the
large expenditure necessary for its construction
should make it a question to be left to the judgment
of those most interested, whose ideas of the urgency
of the measure may be well qualified by the'ir ability
to meet the expenditure.
We are fully aware that there are other considera-
tions bearing on this subject, but, as we have already
said, we have neither the time nor the special
information to enable us to discuss them at present.
Question. Is it a faot, as intimated by Governor Stan-
ford i« his letter of the 11th instant, to tbe board
of supervisors of San Francisco, (copy inclosed,)
"that the Southern Pacific railroad will, in order to
avoid the heavy grades necessary consequent upon
passing from the Tulare valley into the Santa Clara
valley, be compelled to send its business by way of
the San Joaquin valley, and thus reach San Fran-
cisco in company with the railroad system of the
north by Livermore pass, or by the straits of Car-
guinea and Oakland Is the topography of the
Diablo range of this city of such a character that
the thirty-fifth parallel road will be unable to reach
San Francisco on a direct line from the southward
up the peninsula?
Answer. From the bestinformationwecan obtain,
we are of the opinion that Governor Stanford is cor-
rect in his statement that the Southern Pacific rail-
road will be forced by economical considerations to
pass through the San Joaquin valley. And webolieve
that a train of cars placed at any point in that val-
ley, from one end of it to the other, could be brought,
at the present time at least, to San Francisco cheaper
and in less time by the way of Antioch and the
straits of Carquinez and Oakland, than by any other
route.
This is not the shortest line, however, and the
day may come when the business passing through
the San Joaquin valley will become so great as to
justify San Francisco or the railroad companies in
piercing the Mount Diablo range of mountains by
a tunnel at some point south of Livermore pass, in
order to shorten the line of transit connecting the
city with the eastern and southern railroads lead-
ing into that valley.
In that case it will probably be to the interests of
San Francisco to have such railroads brought into
the city on the western shore of San Francisco bay.
We inclose herewith a copy of the Coast purvey
chart, entitled ".Entrance to San Francisco bay,"
upon which we have marked tho two bridge lines
alluded to in this paper, namely, from Almeda
Point to Hunter's Point, and from Almeda Point to
Roliing-Mill Point; also, a causeway from the Oak-
land shore to Yerba Buena island, and that portion
of the bay both north and south of the causeway,
which would in time be filled up by its construction.
Very respectfully, your obedient servants,
E. S. ALEXANDER,
Lieut. Col. Engineers, Bvt. Brig. Gen., U. S. A.
A. F. RODGERS.
Assistant (I. S. Coast Survey.
G. H. MENDELL,
Major of Engineers.
0. SEAFORTH STEWART,
Colonel U. S. Engineers.
R. S. WILLIAMSON,
Major U. S. Engineers.
N. B. The absence of Professor Davidson from the
city has prevented us from consulting him in the
preparation of our reply to your communication.
Hon. William Alvord, Mayor of Sun Franciico,
It. B. Swain. President of the Chamber of Commerce,
William T. Coleman, James Otis, and others.
Here we are told that a pier bridge to Goat
Island would do no injury to the harbor,
while a bridge to the peninsula would cost
$15,000,000. The Bulletin, which originated
the latter project and cliugs to it tenaciously,
declares that it can be carried out for a fourth
of that sum. But the united opinions ot the
engineers who were selected by the mayor
and Chamber of Commerce of the city as being
best able to inform them must be taken as
more authoritative than the belief of an editor,
however able in his vocation.
The reply to the seventh question puts an end
to any hopes that may have been entertained
that the California connection with either the
thirty-second or the thirty-fifth parallel road
can for years to come enter San Francisco by
its land side on the west. All transconti-
nental roads, then, whether existing or rival
roads, must communicate with San Francisco
by bridge or ferry across the Bay of San Fran-
cisco until in the years of greatness which will
come to that city her trade will justify the
tunneling of a range of mountains lying at
the southeast. Tbe only remaining question,
then, is how to cross the bay. The present
mode is by a ferry from Oakland, a distance
of six miles shortened by a wharf extending
into the bay, reducing the distance to about
four miles.
Goat Island is less than two miles from the
S n Francisco shore. The bay between Oak-
land and the island is shallow, and a bridge !
which would meet all the demands of trade j
and do no injury to the harbor is, as the engin-
eers tell us, entirely practicable. With such
a work completed, and depots for freight and
passengers in at least three localities on the
San Francisco water front, and the largest
ferry-boats plying from shore to island, each
one capable of carrying a train of twenty cars
loaded with freight, it would be difficult to
show that Sau Francisco was being excluded
from railroad connection. If this privilege
is not granted and accepted by the company,
the present ferry must be continued or tho
$15,000,000 bridge must be built; and who
shall build it? Sball a city of one hundred
and fifty thousand people pay $100 a head on
every man, woman, and child for that pur-
pose ? Or shall a city loan be negotiated at
seven per cent., and every man, woman, and
child in the city be mulcted in the sum of
seven dollars every year to pay the interest ?
The bridge seems entirely out of the question.
Shall the ferry continue its present length,
and the railroad track terminate as now, at a
wharf of wood? Or shall it be reduced to
less than two miles, and the solid rock of Goat
Island be substituted for the piles which decay
and are eaten by the teredo, making the wharf
after a time not easy to be fixed, unsafe for
the traveling public? These are the onlyques-
tions to answer. Schemers who want to plunder
San Francisco under a pretense of building a
road to compete with the Central, upon the
strength of a land grant which never existed,
may vociferate unmeaning trash aboutinjuring
San Francisco by connecting her more closely
with the balance of the world. It will always
be in the power of San Francisco to bridge the
bay when her growth and wealth shall be equal
to the undertaking; but I see no reason why,
in the mean while, two thirds of the water which
now isolates her from the railway should not
be bridged, and her people enabled in five min-
utes to reach the point for making up all locai
and eastern trains.
I venture the prediction that if this bill be-
comes a law and there should be any hesitation
on the part of the company to accept the priv-
ilege with the conditions it imposes, the people
of San Francisco will, with united voice, in
less than a year be as earnestly urging the
company to go to Goat Island as a portion of
them are now urging us not to allow them to
go there. I support the bill as a better friend
of San Francisco than those who are scheming
to finger $15,000,000 of its money as a subsidy
to a rival line, or who wish to take the terminus
of the Continental road to Saucelito.
In my remarks on this bill before I attempted
to show further that the interest of San Fran-
cisco would be subserved by attracting Asiatic
commerce; that that commerce would afford
it a market which would buildup its manufac-
tories, give it unceasing employment in fitting,
repairing, furnishing, and building ships, &c.,
far more valuable to its growth than enriching
a few toll-gatherers. I will not again dwell on
these considerations, important as they are.
My argument ha3 not been answered except by
the abuse of a disreputable newspaper, the
Alta California, published by a speculator in
the town lots of a pretended rival city.
But there is another side to this question which
such papers overtook or designedly ignore. I
and my colleague from the third district have
a constituency that have much to say on this
question, and their interests are in our hands.
1 do not believe there is any real antagonism
between the interior and San Francisco unless
the latter persists in enormous wharf charges,
port dues, and expensive transhipment for
every pound of freight that leaves the interior,
as wheat, wool, ores, &c., and every pound of
supplies consumed in the interior.
The course of one or two of the Bay papers
would imply that there can be no representa-
tion of the State outside of San Francisco. For
myself, I should plead if necessary coram non
judice, that San Francisco has no right to try
me in my representative capacity for my action
in dealing with a measure affecting my imme-
diate constituents, even if their interests were
rival to those of that city. Until March next,
at least, my allegiance and best services are due
to the people who honor me with a seat here ;
and if I see that the farmers of the Alameda or
San Joaquin valley are taxed needlessly a dol-
lar a ton in getting their wheat to the Liver-
pool market, or the miners that much in ship-
ping crude ores, or both for all they consume
entering the Golden Gatp, I shall ask no leave
of any one outside of my district to remedy
that state of things. Were this otherwise
properly, why are States divided into congres-
sional districts ? Why does the line of my dis-
trict separate me from San EVancisco?
That there is not entire accord with the ex-
treme views of ignorant and selfish Sau Fran-
cisco speculators in the rest of the State could
be proved by a multitude of extracts from the
California press, bat I have not time to read
them. I hold in my hand telegrams from
prominent citizens of the interior that have
been sent to me and my colleagues, which are
