THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 17,
evidence; which facts at© shown by his report,
marked Exhibit F, ,
Having no facilities for obtaining information rel-
ative to the security of life, person, and propertyin
the States mentioned in the resolution, otherwise
than by reports from the officers of this Department,
X addressed communications to tbe several district
attorneys asking for information upon this subject
as to their districts, and I inclose herewith copies of
their reports, marked Exhibits G, Ii, I, J, K.
Reference is also made to the evidence takenupon
the trials of persons charged with violations of the
law in different United States courts in said States,
some of which has been published and is now in the
possession of the joint Select Committee on Southern
Outrages. . -.
For answer to that part of the resolution asking
for " all information relative to the existing conflict
between office-holders in Louisiana," X would re-
spectfully invite attention to the inclosed copies of
telegrams and communications, marked Exhibit L,
as furni*hing all the information in the possession
of this Department in relation to this matter.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEO. H.WILLIAMS,
Attorney General.
The President.
It would consume too much time to read the
various reports of tbe district attorneys from
which the summary of the AttorneyGeneral is
made up, and I must contcnt myself with a
reference to two only. The district attorney
of South Caiolina, in a letter dated February
20 last, uses this language:
"In regard to the execution of the State law?, I
have to say that not a single instance of successful
prosecution of a Ku Klux outrage in any State court
has come to my knowledge. On the other hand, I
have hoard of several attempts to prosecute; but
in each instance there was a lomcutablo failure.
Unquestionably, the laws of this State, if they could
be enforced, furnish ample means for the prosecu-
tion and punishment of these ICu Klux outrages;
but from the nature of the offenses, and the number
of the white inhabitants engaged in them, it is
utterly impossible, in my judgment, to successfully
prosecute inthe State courts in any of the counties."
The district attorney of North Carolina, in
a letter to the Attorney Genera! of the 24th
of January last, uses this language:
Office United Statics Attorney,
Salem, Noamt Carolina, Ftbmaru 21,1872.
Sir: « # « * Those indiotinents are
for conspiracies to commit deeds of violence or terror,
to deter and drive from the ballot-box Union men,
und to destroy tho freedom of elections, to onablo
the enemies oi tho Union, through thoir secret, oath-
bound, midnight organisations, to obtain (without
open revolt) as oompleto and effectual control over
the State as they maintained by open warfare during
the rebellion.
The evidence in these cases discloses the horrid
facts of tho tearing ot fathers, sons, and brothers
froiu tho bosom of thoir families at the hour of mid-
night, and tbo infliction upon their naked flesh of
tho torture and the lash, the brutal exposure of
helpless females, and, occasionally, tho commission
of murder by bands of disguised men to make their
intimidations tho more emphatic.
Indeud, every means which the most fertile ima-
gination of these fiendish monsters and enemies
of tho Union could invent have been resorted to to
inspire tho Unionists with fear and terror, and to
destroy their Aeodoin of thought, action, and man-
hood.
Had it not been for tho passage of said acts of
Congress and tho active enlorcoinent of them the
spirit of treason would to-day revel in high carnival
over the entire South, and effectually crush out and
overawe the Union sentimont of the southern coun-
try, as it did in the days of tho rebel government.
But the conviction of a number of these persons,
and their punishment, and tho indictment of this
large number of others, together with the exercise
by tho President of the right to suspend the writ of
JutOean corpun iu such localities where treason has
usurped such dominion as to render tho civil au-
thonties powerless or insufficient to enforce the law,
seem for the present to have broken the powor of
this widespread conspiracy against the friends of
the Union in the South, Yet the utmost vigilance
in tbe rigid enforcement of theso acta of Congiess
is and will be necessary to suppress the spirit of
treason lurking in the hearts of the disaffected and
treacherous enemies of the Government, and to pre-
serve the freedom of tho citizen in tho lull and free
exercise and enjoyment of the elective franchise
and the rights and immunities of citizenship.
I am, very respectfully, yours. &c.,
D. li. STABBUCK,
District Attorney for North Carolina.
Hon. George R. Williams,
Attorney (Jeneral Untied States, Washington.
Tills, sir, is not ray language; it is the lan-
guage of Mr. Starbuck, present district attor-
ney for North Carolina. Pardon me, Mr.
President, before concluding the document-
ary proofs showing the necessity of the legis-
lation by Congress and the vindication of the
President in what he has done in suspend-
ing the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus,
in adducing one further piece of evidence.
I will now submit, the facts presented by the
grand jury of the United States circuit
court at its recent term at Columbia, in
in South Carolina. It is a summing up of the
whole Ku Klux troubles in that State. It
establishes three facts to which before read-
ing the presentment I desire to draw the
attention of the Senate: first, that the mem-
bership of the Ku Klux Klan in that State
embraces a large proportion of the whole pop-
ulation of every profession and class; second,
that for the violations of law and order and
the sacred rights of citizens the leading influ-
ential men were responsible, being frequently
members of the order; third, that the opera-
tions of the Ku Klux were invariably directed
against members of the Republican party, by
warnings to leave the country, by whippings,
and by murder. This is the presentment of
the grand jury:
Presentment of the Grand Jury.
To the judges of the United State* circuit court:
In closing the labors of tho present term, the grand
jury beg leave to submit thetollowing presentment:
during the whole session we have been engaged in
investigations of the most grave and extraordinary
character—investigations of the crimes committed
by the organization known as the Ku Klux Klan.
The evidence elicited has been voluminous, gathered
Jrom the victims themselves and their families, as
well as those who belong to the Klan and partici-
pated in its crimes. The jury has been shocked
beyond measure at the developments which have
been made in their presence of the number and
character of the atrocities committed, producing a
state of terror and a sense ot utter insecurity among
a large portiou of the people, especially the colored
population. The evidence produced before us has
established the following facts:
1. That there has existed since 1863, in many coun-
ties of the State, an organization known as the *'Ku
Klux Klan," or "Invisible Empire of the South,"
which embraces in its membership a large propor-
tion of the white population of every proiession and
class.
2. That this Klan, bound together by an oath,
administered to its members at the time of their
initiation into tho order, of which the following is a
copy:
Obligation.
MI, [name,] before the immaculate Judge of heaven
and earth, and upon the holy evangelists of Almighty
God. do, of my own iree will and accord, subscribe
to the following sacrcdly binding obligation:
"1. We are on the side of justice, humanity, and
constitutional liberty, as bequeathed to us in its
purity by our forefathers.
"2. We oppose and reject the principles of the
Radical party.
We pledge mutual aid to each other in sick-
ness, distress, and pecuniary embarrassment.
"4, Female friends, widows, and their households,
shall ever be special objects of our regard and pro-
tection.
"Any member divulging, or causing to be divulged,
any of the foregoing obligations, shall meet the
fearful penalty and traitor's doom, which is death,
death, death 1"
That in addition to this oath the Klan has a con-
stitution and by-laws, which provides, among other
things, that each member shall furnish himself
with a pistol, a Ku Klux gown, and a signal instru-
ment. That the operations of the Klan were exe-
cuted in the night, and were invariably directed
against members of the Republican party by warn-
ings to leave the country, by whippings, and by
murder.
3. That in large portions of tho counties of York,
Union, and Spartanburg, to which our attention
has been more particularly called in our investiga-
tions, during part of the time for the lapt eighteen
months the civil law has been set at defiance, and
ceased to afford protection to the citizens.
4. That the Klan, in carrying out the purposes for
which it was organized and armed, inflicted sum-
mary vengeance on the colored citizens of these
counties, by breaking into their houses at the dead
ot night, dragging them from their beds, torturing
them in the most inhuman manner, and in many
instances murdering them; and tfyis, mainly, on ac-
count of their political affiliations. Occasionally
additional reasons operated, hut* in no instance was
the political feature wanting.
. 5. That for this condition of things, for all these
violations of law and order, and the sacred rights
of citizens, many of the leading men of those coun-
ties were responsible. It was proven that large
numbers of the most prominent citizens were mem-
bers oi the order. Many of this class attended
meetings of the Grand Klan. At a meeting of the
Grand Klan, held in Spartanburg county, at which
there were representatives from the various dens of
bpartanburg, York, Union, and Chester counties,
in this btate, besides a number from North Carolina,
a resolution was adopted that no raids should be un-
dertaken, or any one whipped or injured by mem-
bers of the Klan, without orders from the Grand
, Klan. lhe penalty for violating this resolution was
one hundred lashes on the bare back for the first
offense, and for the second, death, lhis testimony
establishes the nature of the discipline enlorced in
the order, and also the fact that many of the men
who were openly and publicly speaking against the
Klan, and pretending to deplore the work ot this
murderous conspiracy, were influential members ot
tho order, and directing its operations even m detail.
The jury has been appalled as much at the num-
ber of outrages as at their character, it appearing
that eleven murders and over six hundred whip-
pings have been committed in York county alone.
Otir investigation in regard to the other counties
named has been less full; but it is believed, from the
testimony, that an equal or greater number has
been committed in Union, and that the number is
not greatly Jess in Spartanburg and Laurens.
We are of the opinion that the m.ost vigorous
prosecution ot the parties implicated in theseorimes
is imperatively demanded; that without this there
is great danger that these outrages will be con-
tinued, and that there will be no security to our
fellow-citizens of African descent.
We would say further, that unless the strong arm
of the Government is interposed to punish these
crimes committed upon this class of citizens, tlfere
is eveiy reason to believe that an organized and
determined attempt at retaliation will be made,
which can only result in a state of anarchy and
bloodshed too horrible to contemplate.
* * *'***
All of which is respectfully submitted.
BEN J. ff. JACKSON, Foreman.
Mr. President, this paper comes to us from
the grand jury of the Federal court whose duty
it was to cast their eyes over tbe whole State
of South Carolina and inquire into all viola-
tions of law of which the court had jurisdic-
tion. It is a sober statement of facts made by
a body sworn to make the investigation it has.
I accept it as evidence of more than common
value. It shows a.state of affairs that in my
judgment demands the' passage of this bill.
The President has prudently, perhaps with
over-much caution, exercised the powers which
Congress vested in hiin. He has suspended
the privilege of this writ in but nine counties
throughout the entire" South, when the facts
would have justified him in doing the same
thing in double the number. If he has erred,
it has been on the side of the States implicated
in the conspiracy and against the demands of
justice and humanity.
We have witnessed the blessings of the legis-
lation of last session, and its propriety has
been amply vindicated in the number of indict-
ments found, the punishments inflicted, the
flight of the guilty parties, and in the check
which has been given to the whippings and
outrages in that quarter that were the disgrace
of our civilization. I believe our duty requires
us as legislators, chargeable with giving pro-
tection to the weak and defenseless, making
every man's house his castle, to continue this
power in the President, to be exerted when-
ever and wherever the safety of communities
requires it. That eminent magistrate has 110
higher title to my admiration and gratitude
than that which comes from the faithful man-
ner he has endeavored to execute the laws." I
take the past as a pledge that he will not abuse
the trust we place in his hands by this bill.
I know, sir, how fashionable it is for the
Opposition to talk of the bayonet and military
despotism in connection with the policy pur-
sued by this Administration in its attempt to
give security to the down-trodden people of the
South. But, sir, all government is force.
Behind every statute lie in ambush civil offi-
cers with posses and soldiers with bayonets
charged with its execution. When the law
commands this or forbids that, it is the spoken
word of sovereignty which compels obedience
by employing the whole civil, and if need be,
the whole military force of the State. Laws
were idle words without this power. The Con-
stitution of the nationin explicit terms clothes
Congress with the authority to make laws, and
with power to provide for calling forth the mili-
tia to execute them. There is not a single State
whose constitution does not place at tbe con-
trol of its Chief Magistrate the whole military
force, to be used when occasion requires in
keeping the peace and enforcing observance of
the laws. One of the purposes of the standing
Army we keep on foot is to repress insurrec-
tion and give aid to the civil arm. If there
