THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 8,
here now in this Hall, whose seats after this
Congress will likely know them hereafter no
more forever. [Laughter.] So my resolu-
tion was just and generous, and especially
itv reference to some recusant Republicans
whom I have in my eye, [looking at Mr.
Parssivotith,] and who may possibly have
trouble to get a seat some day other than
by .lottery. [Laughter.]
. 3,;wish. to say, Mr. Speaker, that my resolu-
tion has been designated by a facetious gen-
tleman, I think he is a Celtic person, and
belongs to a race which is more interesting
than prosperous. [Laughter.] The gentle-
mau from New York [Mr. VV. R. Roberts]
said my resolution was like a boomerang.
[Great laughter. ] He had been to Australia.
1 do not know whether he was transported or
not, [laughter ;] but whether transported or
not, we are transported to know he is now with
us. He said my resolution was a boomerang.
[Great laughter.] Very much like the case of
the syndicate, and I went for the dictionary,
[laughter,] and my distinguished colleague,
[Mr. Wood,] the recognized lexicographer of
this-House, will allow me to say what I found
to be the definition of "boomerang." I will
S^nd to the Clerk's desk a copy of Webster's
Unabridged Dictionary, and ask to have read
his definition of " boomerang." [Laughter.]
Mr. HOAR. Is it in order to require the
reading of the whole of that document if any
part be read?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
transcend his hour.
• Mr. COX. It would do anybody good, from
Massachusetts, to read the dictionary, for there
they are sometimes the most inconsequential
and inconsecutive of all our members. [Laugh
ter.]
The Clerk read as follows:
' " JJoomerang,n. Avery singular missile weapon
used by the natives of Australia. It is made of hard
wood, usually from twenty to thirty inches in length,
from two to three inches wide, and half or three
quarters of an inch thick. It is curved or bent in
toe inid'l! e at an angle of from one hundred to one
hundred and forfcy degrees. "When thrown from the
hand with a quick rotary motion" 
Mr. COX. That was my motion. [Great
laughter. ]
The Clerk continued reading, as follows:
"it describes very remarkable curves, according to
the shape of the instrument, and the manner of
throwing it, often moving horizontally a long dis-
tance, then curving upward to a considerable height,
and finally taking a retrograde direction, so as to
fall near the place from which it was thrown, or even
very far in the rear of it."
' [The reading of the above definition elicited
much laughter.]
Mr. COX. Such, then, is the boomerang to
which my friend from New York [Mr. W. R.
Roberts] compared my motion. If it had sim-
ply fallen at my own feet, Mr. Speaker, as a dis-
interested person, engaged in endeavoring to
"facilitate the public business," I should not
have complained of the epithet. But it seems
the boomerang goes to the rear, [laughter;]
and it struck my friend from Indiana, [Mr.
Kerr,] and my friend from New York, [Mr.
Wood.] As I sit at the front I escaped its
retrograde motion to some extent; because,
as I have said, I brought forward my resolu-
tion in the interest ot public business. But
I wish to say seriously, just here, on behalf
of the committee, that we never intended
to get up this immense excitement. [Laugh-
ter.] We had not the remotest idea that such
would be the result when the resolution was
introduced, but we had seen that Monday
after Monday the progress of the public busi-
ness was suspended by the reading of bills
called for with a view to occupy the morning
hour; and all because members were anxious
to get better seats or to stave off a drawing.
We knew, also, that when the drawing of seats
took place four States were unrepresented.
Mr. TO WNSEND, of New York. I rise to
a question of order. I ask that the gentlemen
who are crowding around the gentleman who
is now addressing the House be requested to
take their seats.
Mr. COX. They will be very prompt to get
into their seats when there is a new drawing.
[Laughter,]
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to apoint of order.
It is that the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] is not confining himself to the subject
under discussion.
Mr. COX. Does the gentleman fail to see
a connection between the boomerang and the
drawing of seats?
Mr. RANDALL. I fail to see in this pro-
ceeding the dignity which should characterize
the House of Representatives.
Mr. COX. Looking at the gentleman who
has raised the point of order, I fail to see it.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The point of order made
by the gentleman from New York [Mr. Town-
send] is well taken. Gentlemen will resume
their seats.
Mr. COX. I was about to say, when the
pointof order was taken, (and the remark may
strike the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Randall] favorably,) that four States had not
sent their Representatives when the drawing
took place. That, surely, was in order; there
was a fairness in allowing a new drawing for
the members from New Hampshire, Connecti-
cut, Texas, and California, who were not here
when the last drawing took place.
The Committee on Rules thought they were
acting wisely in this movement. They pro-
posed that there should be a fixed rule, and I
hope that we shall not fail to make- it a perma-
nent rule of the House,and for subsequent Con-
gresses. There is a reason I might give here,
almost personal to myself, why a new drawing
should be had. I have been counted on both
sides in this question, because I have desired
to represent fairly what I conceived to be the
public interest. I was a little on both sides
of this question. But I could not vote to lay
my own motion on the table, and I seemed,
therefore, to be in favor of a new drawing. I
was no more opposed to or in favor of it than
my friend the Speaker, who is a member of
the Committee on the Rules. Some one said
to me that the Speaker was favorable to the
new drawing because he had perhaps the poor-
est, certainly the most uncomfortable, seat in
the House. [Laughter.]
All I have to say in conclusion is, that when
the drawing does take place and gentlemen
throng down to take their various seats bythis
gambling process, and when they pass my hum-
ble seat, I would have them remember that it
was through my instrumentality that they got
a new drawing. [Laughter.] When they see
my seat, although they may, knowing its eligi-
bility, be disposed to sit down in it, I would
have them pause. It may be infected. I have
recently been in the hospital after some small-
pox patients, and I warn gentlemen against con-
tagious diseases. [Laughter.] Whentheycome
to my seat let them say " It was the gentleman
from Ohio," as you sometimes call me, "orthe
gentleman from NewYork," as he is now gen-
erally called, "who enabled us to have this
drawing;" and, sir, even though my seat may
be taken, let some one drop a tear to my mem-
ory, and say "Here is the seat of the man who
was the occasion if not the cause of a new
drawing!" Still, I would rather that, unlike
the good Samaritan, he should "pass by on
the other side" and leave it alone, and leave
it more eloquent then than if I were, in it.
[Laughter.] I would add that I am not over-
anxious about this seat. I would prefer to sit
among the innocent pages than to take the
seats of some gentlemen here. I would prefer
to be araong the boys, I would even take the
Speaker's chair, if necessary, rather than sit
with any gentleman who could draw mine.
[Great laughter.] So I end my hour a little
more briefly than I had intended.
The question was upon Mr, Starkweather's
amendment to the resolution reported from
the Committee on the Rules.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Ehhudge
and Mr. Poland were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes one hundred and eighteen, noes not
counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred upon Mr. Poland's
motion to strike out the proviso.
Mr. POLAND. I withdraw that amend-
ment.
The rule, as amended, was then agreed to.
Mr. COX moved to reconsider the vote by
which the rule was agreed to; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The Members and Delegates then, in accord-
ance with the resolution adopted, retired be-
yond the outer row of seats, and as their
names were drawn and called, came forward
and selected their seats, the first name called
being that of Mr. Bigbt, which was called at
one o'clock and fifty minutes, and the last
drawn that of Mr. Williams, of New York, at
two o'clock and thirty-five minutes.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. WOOD. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will ask unanimous consent to report a
bill from the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
in order that the same may be ordered to be
printed and recommitted.
Mr. DICKEY. I call for the regular order.
The question was then taken on the motion
of Mr. Stevenson that the House adjourn,
and it was agreed to.
Accordingly (at two o'clock and thirty-
seven minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARTHUR: The petition of Messrs.
Feltman, Whitaker, Middeudorf, and numer-
ous others, manufacturers and dealers in cigars,
of Covington, Kentucky, for the increase of
the tariff on imported cigars to the extent of
at least three dollars per pound and fifty per
cent, ad valorem.
By Mr. BUCKLEY: The petition of Ben-
jamin Garden, L. A. Gregory, A. C. Worthy,
and others, for the establishment of a mail
route from Troy, via Pea River, Buck Horn,
Hobdys, and Louisville, to Clayton, in the State
of Alabama.
By Mr. BURCHARD: The petitions of
John M. Adair, of Mount Carroll, Illinois,
D. H. Spickler, of Franklin Grove, Illinois,
William Parker, of Amboy, Illinois, and Theo-
dore Mack, of Sterling, Illinois, asking a mod-
ification of section one hundred and sixty-two
of the revised codification of the postal laws.
By Mr. DONNAN: The petition of A. M.
May, a newspaper publisher, askingan amend-
ment of the existing postal laws.
By Mr. FRYE: The petition of D. G. Bean
and others, of Maine, praying that Congress
will give early, and thorough attention to the
laws affecting and governing, first, appoint-
ments to and removals from public offices;
second, salaries, perquisites, and moieties of
public officers; third, seizures of private book®
and papers,
Also, the petition of J. S. Wheelwright and
others, of Maine, for the same.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio : The petition
of citizens of Youngstown, Ohio, against a
change in the tariff on iron, &c.
By Mr. HAWLEY: The petition of T.
Glancy and E. H. Thomas, praying a modifi-
cation of the postal laws.
Also, the petition of Judson Graves, for the
same purpose.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts : The
