1800
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
That then brings me back to the practical
question of this bill, and it is upon that point
that I mainly discuss it. I was very glad to
hear the chairman of the Committee on Fi-
nance, aa I paid him special attention, when
he expressed his views in support of the tariff
bill which he reported, and words that E ac-
corded with and that I trusted would be fol-
lowed in all legislation of Congress. He said:
" All laws that affect the industry of the people
should be as stable as possible consistent with the
inevitable change that attends human wants. I
hope, therefore, that in making the reduction of onr
revenue we will all agree that it should be done to
give the greatest relict, and so as to do the least pos-
sible injury to any industrial industry fostered by
our laws."
Now, sir, I draw a line of distinction upon
these precedents, and that is this: wherever
Congress could render relief without, detriment,
to existing industries Congress did it when
application was made; but wherever there
was an interference with the laws of trade,
then Congress declined, having regard to the
constitutional provision that " no preference
shall be given by any regulation of commerce
or revenue to the ports of one State over those
of another." Laws for revenue should be
uniform, and it is because of the proposed
infringement of that uniformity thatweoppose
the passage of this bill. We frankly state that
it will seriously affect the industries of Michi-
gan, 80 proximate to Chicago, and she feels
t.be force of this, because her lumber is one
of her principal commodities, and when she
did her duty in contributing to the relief of
Chicago while burning heiself, she feels now
when appealing that Congtosa shall not exer
cise a power to the injury and destruction of
her principal product. That is the reason,
and that I may not be mistaking our people,
I now wish to read the action of her Legisla-
ture that is now in session. I hold a dispatch
showing (notwithstanding the petition pre-
sented by the Senator from Illinois from the
1 town of Plainwell, in Allegan county) what
is really the feeling of the State. The dispatch
speaks for itself;
Lansing, Michigan. March 16,1872.
T. W. Furry, United Stat en Senate.
Concurrent resolution in regard to the Chicago
relief bill now ponding bolero the Congress of the
United States.
Whereas the lumbor intorostof thoStato of Mich-
igan is one of very groat importance directly to a
largo number of our citizens, ami indirectly to the
•whole Commonwealth; and whcieas there in now
pending before Congress a bill known as the Chicago
roliot bill, which discriminates unjustly against this
branch of Michigan industry ; and whereas the .said
lumber interest has buffered an horiously by (ho lute
fires in proportion to the capital invested aa has tho
city of Chicago: Therefore,
jItcHvlvt'd, (the senate concurring,) That our Sen-
ators in Congress be instructed, and our Represent-
atives requested to uso all proper means to provont,
said Chicago relief bill from becoming a law; and
the Governor is hereby requested to furnish each
of our Senators and Representatives in Congress
with certified copies of this concurrent resolution.
Th-e above passed both houses mninimoubl v.
F. B. STOCICBBIJDGE.
You will pee, Mr. President, that the whole
State united in her Legislature expresses thus
emphatically that there is injustice in this
method by which the principal industry of one
State is to be stricken down for the relief of a
burned city; not that Michigan does not sym-
pathize with Chicago. Michigan has shown
that sympathy substantially. She has shown
it in various ways; she has shown it by con-
tributing directly by way of food and money ;
she has done her share with the sister States
in contributing to the relief of Chicago, and
when you come now to enact a law that shall
have effect for a year, giving all parties it)
Chicago for the purpose of the reerection of
buildings there the right to import, and thus
invite foreign lumber to compete with the pro-
duct of Michigan in her principal market, she
has a right thus to express herself in protest
against such an enactment.
Now let me not be understood that it is the
fifty millions that ma.y be needed to rebuild
Chicago that Michigan cares so much about,
but Chicago is the distributing point and the
principal market of that commodity through-
out, the West; in fact, it is the regulator of
prices throughout the land, and the moral
effect of the introduction of from one hundred
to one hundred and fifty millions from Cana
dian production, with the excessive two hun-
dred and fifty millions stated by Mr. Ogden,
will have the effect to bring down the market
and thus cause Michigan manufacturers aud
laborers to suffer in this proposed plau to aid
Chicago.
Sir, I was present at that fire, and a witness
of the suffering there, and acted myself upon
the spot measurably in behalf of my State and
in behalf of the very commodity which I am
now defending: and expressions of gratitude
were then tendered by citizens and the press
of that city; and yet, because feeling it my
duty as a representative of that State to rise
in my place when her industry is threatened
and attempt to discharge my duty as a Senator,
I am malignantly criticized by that press, and
all that has been said before not only taken back,
but heaps of opprobrium cast upon my conduct.
I know how unpleasant it is for a Senator to
introduce anything of a personal character,
and yet the manner in which this subject has
come up justifies me in having the Clerk read
a communication from the mayor of the city
of Chicago. When the executive officer of
that municipality speaks, and it is addressed
to me as a Senator, the only place where I can
reply to it is here in my seat, and I feel it my
duty, disagreeable as it may be, to do so.
Upon my table on the 21st of February,
about two o'clock—for I noted the time—m
the afternoon appeared this slip, purporting to
be a letter from J. Medill, the mayor of the
city of Chicago, inclosed in a letter which I
send to the desk and ask the Clerk to read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Yice President's Chamber.
Washington, February 21,1872.
My Dear Sra: His honor Mayor Medill gave me
the inclosed letter to you in an open envelope, with,
permission that Ishould read it. As my worthy as-
sociate, like myself, does not affect a very readable
chirography, 1 have taken the liberty to have it
printed for your convenience.
Commending its sentiments to your careful consid-
eration, I am, very truly, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM BROSS.
Hon. T. W. Ferry.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Now I ask that
the printed slip inclosed m that note be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
The foJ lowing is a copy of the letter addressed to
Senator Ferry, of Michigan, by Hon. Joseph Me-
dill, mayor of Chicago, iu relation ro what is asked
for in the ivay of relief by tho merchants and busi-
ness men of Chicago:
Chicago, February 18,1872.
Dear Sir; I had supposed, until withm a few-
days, that the relief bill would pass the Senate
without very serious opposition. The opinion was
founded on tho ilatienng vote in the House and the
first vote in the Senate, but more especially on the
justice and equity of the bill. I have been more
surprised at your opposition than that of any other
Senator, and now think it must bo the result of
misapprehension.
Let mo simply state tho facts of the case as I
understand them:
1. Tho proposed rebates are limited to the burnt
district of twenty-six hundred acres of houses and
stores, and do not extend to the unburnt portion of
tho city.
2. It does not mako a free port of entry of Chi-
cago, nor does it admit any article of foreign pro-
ductfree of duty. The duty must first be paid before
there can be any rebate to any one, and then only
on the articles that can be proven to have entered
into the construction of buildings in the burnt dis-
trict.
3. The Govornmenthas already receiverlits duties
on all imported articles used in the first building of
that portion of our city. The property destroyed
had already paid all tariff taxes and manufacturers'
bounties. "American industry" had already been
'protected" by an extra charge to the amount of
the tariff on ail that property of domestic produc-
tion. The Government had already been paid many
millions, and the manufacturers tens of millions.
•i. The awful conflagration came and swept this
taxed property all away in a single day, destroying
two hundred millions of values, and rendering
homeless one hundred and twenty-five thousand
citizens at the commencement of the winter,
5. The insurance on this property, if it could bo
coliectcd, would enable our peoole to rebuild with-
out asking help or favor from any quarter; but the
insurance companies were also destroyed, and our
people will not recover more than five or six cents
on the dollar. A few companies have paid from
twenty-five per ccnt. to par; but nineteen twen-
tieths of them only pay one cent to five eents oh
the dollar of tbeir policies. They have not yet
even paid this beggarly pittance.
6. The fires in your State, or in Michigan, would
not equal the loss of property suffered hereon tho
space of a single square of ground, and their insur-
ance "pans out" much better than ours, and their
losses are transient and can soon be restored, espe-
cially in view of the liberal donations they have
received. In Wisconsin the Legislature are talking
of using the surplus relief money that poured in, to
build bridges and make roads. But of course we
have no objection to any measure of assistance that
Congress may see proper to render them. But we
protest being made a victim on their account; thaB
is, bccause no drawbacks may be allowed to them,
therefore none shall be allowed to us.
We object to being compelled to pay a second tas
to the Government and a second bounty to the man-
ufacturers in order to restore onr destroyed prop-
erty. Had no fire occurred, this second tax nnd
bounty could not be exacted. How can the lumber
interests of your State claim they would lose their
bounty of two dollars per one thousand feet, when
they have already received it? They have no right
to tax us again on the rebuilding of our burnt
houses. Since the fire, however, they have charged
an enormous advance on an honest price for their
lumber, and have skinned us out of some millions
of dollars. Is it not about time to cry, "Hold,
enough?" So the manufacturers of hardware, glass,
oils, paints, and bricks have "stuck it" to us fear-
fully. It seems to me they have had blood enough.
Our people regard it as veiy harsh and unfeeling
for the Senators of Michigan to fight the rebate bill,
in view of the enormous commercial relations exist-
ing between your State and our city. Chicago is
the chief market of half of Michigan, and as Chicago
prospers so prospers your constituents. Killing
" the goose that lays the golden egg " is poor policy.
The sooner we get on our feet the better for our
people; and I think your lumber speculators would
study their own interests if they would forego de-
manding a second bounty of two dollars per thou-
sand feet on our buildings in the burnt district, and
leave that plunder with us until we get roofs over
our heads.
Do you believe that the cause of protection will
bo promoted by compelling the people of Chicago to
pay two tariffs and two bounties on their houses?
But I notice that some Senators pretend to argue
that to allow refunding of the duties on the prop-
ertyusedto rebuild is unconstitutional. This objec-
tion comes too late after the Portland precedent,
and the thousand bills that have passed Congress
rebating duties on imported goods and machinery.
The objection itself is bosh, and they know it.
The reports that you have heard that our people
are divided on this rebate question are erroneous,
A few men like Dexter and Blatchford said some-
thing against it in letters to you before they under-
stood tho scope of the bill; but they all now say that
they did not properly undeistand it, and they desire
the passage of the bill. Our people are unanimous
iu asking this needed measure of relief. Not one in
a thousand but desire it.
I notice that you advocate a direct appropriation
out of the Treasury. Our people want nothing of
the kind; besides, the money thus obtained could
never be fairly or equitably divided and apportioned
among the burnt-out rebuilders. The only light and
satisfactory way i* that in the Portland precedent.
Each man will then escape spoliation, i. e., double
taxation, to the extent that his lemaming means
and crcdit enable him to rebuild ; and not a dollar
will be taken from the Treasury to which it has any
moral or Christian right.
The city is richly entitled to the mode and meas-
ure of relief which she asks at the hands of Congress,
She has been a giant in supporting the Government
and the Republican paity heretofore. She sens
twenty-seven thousand (Jnion soldiers to the Army
for three years; she has paid the Federal Govern-
ment ^70,000,000 of internal revenue since the rebel-
lion broke out, and as much more external or tariff
taxes. She has not in twenty years elected a Demo-
crat to Congress. She has been foremost m all pro-
gressive works, and has largely contributed to the
wealth, enterprise, and power of the United States.
She is down now in the dust,smitten by misfortune
and is struggling with the couragc ot Hercules to
rise from hei ashes and ruins. Shall it be said that
a Senator whom she has a right almost to call her
own, and from whom she has hoped for good things
and strong help, slialJ stab her in this day of her
desolation* and help to impose crushing burdens on
her scorched and bleeding shoulders?
Chicago can remember as well as forget, resent as
well as leward. A kindly action now will not be
forgotten. A friend in need is a friend indeed.
1 was appointed a delegate to visit Washington
and expostulate and plead with Senators, but find
it impossible to leave my post of duty hero, ana all
lean do is to write you this appeal to rcconsider
your opposition to the Chicago relief bill and help
to put u through. If so, you will never regret it,
U you do not, Hear you will regret it all tho rest ot
your life.
Very truly, yours, j. MEDILL.
Hon. Thomas W. ^erry.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. This letter ap-
peared in the National Republican of tlr'g
city, on the morning of the 21st. Governor
