2696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
not to be ignored by me if this is a local ques-
tion. Here is one to my colleague:
San Francisco, April 14.
Hon. John Coghlan :
The unanimous opinion of the people of Napa
county is in favor of granting Goat Island to the
railroad company, as proposed by the bill now
pending. w_ w STILLWAGGON.
Here is one to me by the eminent engineer
who removed Blossom rock from San Fran-
cisco harbor:
Sacramento, March 29,1872.
Hon. A. A. Sargent :
In my estimation, as an engineer, I do not think
that the occupation of Goat Island by the railroad
would be an injury to the harbor of San Francisco,
or the city. I deem the use of the island a matter
of necessity to commerce; that every convenience
should be extended to the railroad in discharge
and receiving of freight.
A. H. YON SCHMIDT.
^ Here is the result of the vote taken on the
proposition in the Assembly:
Sacramento, March 29,1872.
Hon. A. A. Sargent, M. C.:
This is to certify that the Assembly on this day
refused to pass a resolution requesting our Senators
and Representatives in Congress to urge Congress
not to lease a portion of YerbaBuena or Goat Island
to the Central Pacific Railroad Company.
M. p. BORUCK, Chief Clerk
House of nineteenth session Legislature.
A resolution assuming and approving the
opposition of the California Senators to the
Goat island grant was voted down by an
overwhelming majority in the Assembly.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me
to make a remark ?
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman will please
not to interrupt me just now.
Here is a telegram from a majority of four
of the State senate of California, a body
having a Democratic, as the House has a Re-
publican majority. These senators represent
tbe people of thirty-five counties, in which
live two thirds of our population, and in which
lies five sixths of our territory. Among the
senators who sign this telegram are the chair-
man of the committee on federal relations,
the chairman of the committee on military
affairs, the chairman of the committee on
agriculture, the chairman of the committee
on public lands, the chairman of the com-
mittee on swamp and overflowed lands, the
chairman of the committee on roads and
highways, the chairman of the committee on
counties and county boundaries, and the
chairman of the committee on finance. I
will ask the Clerk to read the telegram:
The Clerk read as,follows:
San Francisco, April 12, 1872.
Hods. A. A. Sargent, S. 0. Houghton, and J. M.
Coghlan:
Whereas the senate of the State of California is
informed that a bill is now pending in the Congress
of the United States, the object of which is to con-
fer upon the Central Pacific Railroad Company the
right to occupy by lease a portion of Goat Island for
a terminus; and whereas neither this State nor the
nation under the provisions of this act can be taxed
one dollar to aid the railroad in improving this now-
useless island ; and whereas by the report of Briga-
dier General Alexander and four other distinguished
engineers in the service of the United States made
to the citizens' committee of the city of San Fran-
cisco, dated March 14, 1872, said officers state that a
bridge on piers between Yerba Buena Island and
Oakland Point would have no appreciable effect in
shoaling the San Francisco harbor or bay if tho
bridges were built on small piers with spans of three
or four hundred feet. And again they concurrently
state that a permanent bridge structure entirely
across the bay would cost $15,000,000, while a bridge
that would connect Goat Island with our system of
railroad without injury to the harbor of San Fran-
cisco would cost but from four to six million dollars ;
and whereas a tax of from one to two dollars a ton
is now imposed upon all freight crossing the Bay of
San Francisco, which would be avoided if said island
was joined by a bridge with the transcontinental
railroad and its connecting lines and branches;
therefore, in the interest of commerce and ship trans-
portation, and for the benefit of the interior of Cali-
fornia, as well as for the benefit of every State east
of us:
Be it resolved, That our Senators and Represent-
atives in Congress be requested to use all honorable
means to procure the passage of the bill leasing a
portion of Goat Island for the purposes of a railroad
terminus.
"We, the undersigned,'members of the State sen-
ate of California, not having had an opportunity to
vote on the above preamble andj-esolution owing to
the press of business during the last days of the ses-
sion, hereby certify that we cordially indorse the
same, believing, as we do, that Goat Island is the
natural western terminus of the Pacific railroad.
CHARLES KENT,
Senator from, Nevada County.
STEPHEN WING,
Senator fro-m Toulumne, Mono, and Inyo Counties.
T. J. KEYS. .
Senator from, Stanislaus, Merced, and
Mariposa Counties.
M. C. ANDROSS,
Senator from Toulumne County.
GEORGE S. EVANS,
Senator from San Joaquin County.
BARLOW DYER,
Senator from Calaveras County.
S. C. HUTCHINS,
Senator from Yuba and-Sutter Counties.
C. MACLAY/
Senator from Santa Clara County.
' T. BAN vARB,
Senator from Placer County.
WILLIAM MINNIS.
Senator from Yolo and Solano Counties.
JAMES YAN NESS,
Senator frqm-^San Louis Obispo and
Santa Barbara Counties.
A. COMTE,
Senator'from Sacramento County.
WILLIAM WIRT PENDEGAST,
Senator from Lake and Napa Counties.
JAMES A. DUFFY,
• Senator from Sacramento.
■ JAMES H. NEFfi*, .
Senator from Placer County.
H. K. TURNER,
Senator from Sierra County.
B. D. WILSON.
Senator from Los Angelos County.
THOMAS FOWLER;
Senator from Tulare and Kern Counties.
JOHN BOGGS,
Senator from Colusa and Tehama Counties.
A. J.BETGE,
Senator from San Francisco County.
DAVID GOODALE,
Senator from Contra Costa and Marin Counties.
THOMAS KECK,
Senator from Santa Cruz and Monterey Counties.
Mr. SARGENT. Still another senator, Mr.
Tompkins, representing Alameda county, in
which Oakland is situated, telegraphs as fol
lows:
San Francisco, April 11,1872.
Gentlemen: I am requested to express my opin-
ion to you in reference to Goat Island. I think the
use of it ought to be granted to the Central Pacific
Railroad Company. It is worthless now. It would
thus be made very valuable. Whatever increases
the aggregate national wealth adds to the general
prosperity and increases the means for the support
of the Government. To retain it as it is, under the
pretext that it is wanted for defense, is absurd. If
made as strong as Gibraltar it would be of no avail
against an enemy outside of the Golden Gate, and
one powerful enough to force the way in would put
San Francisco under contribution- At once tbe
paradox would be true that for Goat Island to
defend San Francisco would be to destroy it. The
foolish panic got up in San Francisco appears to me
to be confined almost entirely to the owners of
property in the south part of the city. I believe
that it will soon subside, and that those most
active in it will be most ashamed of it afterward.
The rest of the State is indirectly interested in tfte
improvement of the island, and so far as I have the
means of judging/will cordially support you in doing
all you can to secure that result. I should not have
extended my opinion upon you as a volunteer.
Respectfully and truly, yours,
EDWARD TOMKINS.
Hon. Sargent, Houghton, and Coghlan.
The president of the State Agricultural
Society telegraphs to me:
Sackamento, March 31,1872.
Hon. A. A. Sakoent :
The San Francisco opposition to the continental
railroad's use of Goat Island is entirely based on
individual and local interests, in total disregard of
the commercial and agricultural interests of the
State and nation. CHARLES F. REED,
President of State Agricultural Society.
General Reddington, a leading citizen of
Sacramento, telegraphs as follows:
. „ „ Sacramento, April 7,1872.
Hon. A. A. Sargent :
You are correct on Goat Island; the people are
with you; the island is a desert rock; railroads
should be allowed to utilize it in the interest of com-
merce; nothing else can or will be done with it.
Public interest demands, and the private interests
of a few middle-men should not prevent it.
ALFRfiD REDDINGTON.
Out of a large number of telegrams from
my district giving me the views of business
men well known to me, and purporting to
speak for large classes of citizens, 1 read one
more from the cultivator of thirty-six thousand
acres of wheat, as follows :
San Francisco, California, April 13,1872.
Sir: I have thirty-six thousand acres of
wheat growing in San Joaquin valley, and am in
communication with farmers representing at least
five hundred thousand acres of cultivated land, and
I can say that it is the unanimous wish of all farm-
ers and business men outside of San Francisco that
Goat Island should be given to the railroad com-
pany for the reason that it will relieve them of
an unnecessary tax of at least one dollar per ton
upon all goods and product going from or to San
Francisco, and will aid the commerce of the coun-
try and its connections with foreign commerce, les-
sening its expenses and increasing its profits even
in San Francisco.
JOHN W.MITCHELL.
Hon. A. A. Sargent.
The motives of Mr. Mitchell in sending his
telegram are perhaps explained by the follow-
ing from one of the interior California papers:
"The efforts of the Pacific mail line of steamers
to establish a lucrative trade with China and Japan
and the Pacific islands have encountered the most
serious obstacles in the vexatious and onerous port
charges and transfer charges of San Francisco.
Heretofore the custom has been to make as much as
possible out of every ship that arrived, without
the slightest reference to the eliect of such a course
upon the trade of the country. For example,
the commissioners of immigration levied a tax on
each person landing there; every vessel of one hun-
dred tons burden was charged six dollars per day;
vessels of one thousand tons burden, tweuty-five dol-
lars per day; and vessels of twenty-five hundred tons
burden, fifty dollars per day. for the mere privilege
of making fast to a wharf. For unloading goods on
the wharves there are additional charges of twenty-
five cents per ton, or in cases of goods discharged
from ship to lighters, twelve and a half cents per ton.
Then there are extra charges for drayage to ware-
houses, cost of warehousing, drayage back to ship or
car, and other incidental expenses, until what with
the loss of time and damage to goods by these
repeated handlings, we have atotaltoll of abouttwo
dollars perton upon all merchandise passing through
San Fiancisco.
"Now, this system can only be maintained at the
cost of the absolute loss of the vast Asiatic commerce
which is now within our grasp. To loae this com-
merce is to inflict an almost irreparable injury on
San Francisco herself, and to lessen tbe profits of
the merchants of the nation at large, perhaps from
thirty to fifty per cent."
It is a question of life and death to our trade
and to the interior of the State. Our miners
and farmers in flush times may stand the tolls
and hinderances of the present order of things,
but it is a grievous burden at any time.
I make no further extracts from the press
in the interior to this effect, although I could
do so from papers published from one end
of the State to the other. I know there is
not a unanimous opinion either in or out of
San Francisco. But will any candid man say
that after the long acquiescence of San Fran-
cisco in this project, and its sudden and unex-
pected change of base, with such powerful in-
dorsements of the project from the interior,
my representative limitations, and my firm
conviction, long since expressed by word and
vote, and still entertained, that this is a meas-
ure helpful to national and State commerce
and beneficial to San Francisco itself, any one
has a right to arraign me in vile terxns for
supporting it?
The fact that sixty acres of the island are
reserved absolutely for military purposes, and
the whole to be taken in case of war existing
or threatened, and that it is more available for
such purposes with a road running to it than
without it, would seem to be an effective an-
swer to any objection from a military point of
view\ But Goat Island has never been deemed
of importance in that connection. By the time
a hostile force could get by Fort Point, Lime
Point, Black Point, and Alcatraz, it would be
too late for Goat Island to save San Francisco.
In the late rebellion several new points were
fortified and the old ones strengthened, while
Goat Island remained unfortified. The res-
ervations for military purposes in and around
the Bay of San Francisco are enormous and
disproportionate, and the clamor of the Alta
California, that all of Goat Island must be
reserved, is answered by itself in an article
