1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3598
ever was a time in the history of this country
when civil law needed the aid of military power
to curb the lawless and to protect life and lib-
erty, it has been during the last few years in
those disturbed parts of the South where trea-
son abounded and has wreaked its vengeance
upon those who were faithful to the Union.
To no nobler use can the Army he dedicated
than in making war upon the men banded
together to break up the very foundations of
society, overthrow law, and bring on a state
of general anarchy and crime ; and I trust and
hope its mission will not cease until this Ku
Klux Klan is wholly suppressed and its mem-
bers brought to condign punishment.
Sir, briefly and imperfectly have I endeav-
ored to set forth the false excuses given for
these disorders and violences. Did these
excuses really have a foundation, it would not
the less be our duty to see that the supremacy
of the laws was maintained, and no man de-
prived' "of his rights except by due process
of law. I do not believe there is a civilized
Government on the earth where human rights
have been trampled under foot to such an
extent and with such impunity as in these
insurrectionary States during the last four
years. We shall be false to our duty and
recreant to the trust placed in our hands if we
do not listen to the cries of these oppressed
people and put a stop to this wholesale shed-
ding of blood and these other outrages which
shock humanity.
While, I speak the country is excited over
the punishment inflicted by a court-martial in
Cuba upon a man who claims with doubtful
title to be an American citizen. Democratic
orators denounce the Administration with
pusillanimity and cowardice for not stretching
forth the arm of the Government to release
Dr. Houard and extort from Spain the restor-
ation of his property. Yet these same gen-
tlemen are wholly insensible to the cries which
come up from the loyal people of the South.
American citizens at home may be murdered
by scores by the men lately in "rebellion
against the Government, and yet the sensi-
bilities of these gentlemen are not touched.
They are terribly exercised, however, lest
the Constitution may be wounded when we
propose efficient remedies. It is the same
old lament we heard all through the war,
when Congress enacted laws, and the Presi-
dent put them in force calculated to hurt
the enemy and directed against the same men
now engaged in this minor rebellion. There
was scarcely a law proposed for the vigorous
prosecution of the war which didnotencounter
the opposition of the Democratic party, and
which was not denounced as unconstitutional
by Democratic organs all over the country.
And it was so as to every law enacted to
secure the results of the war and give equal
rights to those who bad been in slavery.
It was so a year ago when the remedy given
by this bill and which has proved so potent
for good was proposed and enacted into a law.
And yet, despite the gloomy forebodings we
heard then, the public liberties have been
preserved, the country has enjoyed a high
degree of prosperity, and nobody has been
disturbed in tbe enjoyment of his lawful
rights. Nobody has been hurt by the denial
of this writ of habeas corpus except the crim-
inal men whom the courts have been able to
punish by reason of its suspension. Let these
gentlemen croak on; it is their occupation
and stock in trade. We shall never do vio-
lence to this sacred instrument while iu the
future, as in the past, we legislate to secure
to all and everywhere the' blessiugs of life,
liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have conversed with
Senators all around, and I will offer a propo-
sition which, if it meets with the unanimous
consent of the Senate, will carry out the con-
versation that occurred this morning.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bore-
man in the chair.) The Secretary will report
the proposed agreement.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Ordered, That on Monday next at twelve o'clock,
Senate bill No. 656, to extend the provisions of sec-
tion four of the act of April 28, 1871, be resumed to
the exclusion of all other business, and that it be
continued, subject to recess and adjournment, until
disposed of before adjournment on Tuesday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to adopt that order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio asks unanimous consent for the
adoption of the proposition that has just been
read. Is there any objection?
Mr. BLAIR. 1 think there will be no op-
position to that agreement on this side of the
Chamber. I rise simply'to get the floor on the
bill when it shall next come up.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let the order be adopted
and then I have no objection.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is whether it be an order of the Senate
or an agreement by unanimous consent.
Mr. SHERMAN. It had better be entered
on the Journal, and then there will be no dis-
pute about it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, this order will be made.
Mr. BLAIR. I desire now to take the floor
on the bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Missouri will be entitled to the floor.
Mr. BLAIR. I now give way to the Sen-
ator from Louisiana, £Mr. West.]
Mr. SHERMAN. In pursuance of the same
understanding, I move that the pending bill
be postponed until Monday next at twelve
o'clock, under that order.
The motion was agreed to.
indian appropriation bill.
Mr. COLE. I should like to dispose of the
conference report, which is now lying on the
table. I think there is no objection to it atall.
Mr. SUMNER. What do I understand to be
the question ?
Mr. COLE. I ask to have a vote taken on
the report of the conference committee on the
Indian appropriation bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Will that take time?
Mr. COLE. No, sir; I am sure it will not
take any time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California moves to take up the report
of the conference committee on the Indian
appropriation bill submitted some days since,
and which is now on the table. The Chair
hears no objection.
The Senate proceeded to consider the fol-
lowing report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 1192) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfiiling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes, for the year ending June SO,
1873, and for other purposes, having met, alter full
and free conference have agreed to recommend and
do recoinmcnd to their respective Houses as fol-
lows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 2, 38, and 57.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Sen-
ate numbered 56. 61, 66, 97, 74, and 76, and agree to
the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the several amendments of the House to the fifty-
second amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows: in line eight
of said Senate amendment strike out the words
"sixty-nine," and insert in lieu the words seventy -
one;" and at the end of said amendment add the
following: "and it is hereby declared to be the in-
tention and meaning of the said ninth and tenth
sections to authorize and direct the Secretary of the
Interior to cause to be patented to each and every
Winnebago Indian, lawfully resident in the State
of Minnesota at the date of said act, in accordance
with the conditions of said two sections, an allot-
ment of land, who has not heretofore received the
same, in quantity as provided in the treaty of April
15,18o9;" and the House agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the fifty-fourth amendmontof the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: in line
five of said amendment, after the word " dollars,"
insert the following: " And provided, That no part
of this appropriation shall be used for the survey of
the reserved lands of the Choctaws, Seminoles, or
Creeks, or of the lands of the Cherokees east of the
ninety-sixth meridian, without the consent of said
Indians first expressed"in open council in the usual
mannerand before the word "provided," in the
same line, insert the word " and," and alter the same
word "provided" insert the word "further;" and
the Senate agree to the Hume.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixtieth amendment of the Senate and agree to
the same with the following amendment: strike out
of the bill lines twenty-five, twenty-six. and twenty-
seten on page 58, and lines one and two on page 59,
and insert in lieu thereof the following : " For thia
amount, to purchasesubsistenee and clothing for the
Indians located upon the Uintah Valley reservation
in Utah, and for sach other objects as the Secretary
of the Interior may deem necessary and advisable
to promote the civilization and improvement of said
Indians, $10,000;" and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixty-ninth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: in line
fifteen of said amendment, after the word "Chip-
pewa^," insert the following words: " first expressed
in open council in the usual manner:" and the Sen-
ate agree to the same.
That the House lecede from their disagreement to
the seventy'-first amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
At the end of said amendment add the following:
"Provided, That the Secretary of the interior bo,
a.nd he hereby is, authorized to negotiate with the
Southern Cheyennes and Arapalioes for the relin-
quishment of their claim to the land ceded to them
by the second article of the treaty of October 28,1867,
out of the cession made by the Cherokees m tbo
treaty of July 19,3866; such relinquishment, it ob-
tained, to be in consideration of a sufficient and per-
manent, location for the said Cheyennes and Arapa-
hoes, upon the lands ceded to the United States by
the Creeks and Seminoles in the treaties of March
21 and June.14, 1866, and that the Secretary report
the action taken by him under this provision to Con-
gress at its next session:" and the Senate agree to the
same.
That tbe Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the seventy-third
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendment: in line four of said
Senate amendment, after the word " claims," insert
the following words: "arising under existing laws
or treatystipulations;" and the House agree to the
same as so modified.
That the House recede from their disagreementto
theseventy-fifth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: strike
out of said amendment all after the word "same,"
in line twelve, down to and including the word
"each," in line fifteen, and insert in lieu thereof
the following words : " at public sale to the highest
bidder, in tracts not exceeding one hundred and
sixty acres each, at such place in the congressional
district in which said lands are situated as may be
designated by the Secretary of the Interior, ninety
days'notice of which shall be given by advertise-
ment in at least three newspapers of general circu-
lation published in said congressional districtand
the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventy-seventh amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendments :
in line eight of said amendment strike outthefol-
lowing words: "in section two of," and insert in
lieu the word "by;" and that the matter contained in
the seventy-fourth, seventy-fifth, seventy-sixth, and
seventy-seventh amendments be put into one sec-
tion ; and the Senate agree to tho same as so mod-
ified. ^
CORNELIUS COLE,
JA.S. HARLAN.
J. W. STEVENSON,
Managers on the pari of the Senate.
A. A. SARGENT,
john p. c. shanks,
tho. swann,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report was concurred in.
MESSAGE FJiOM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the amend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 2207)
to authorize the construction of a bridge, and
to establish the same as a post road.
The message also announced that the House
insisted on its amendment to the bill (S. No.
468) to regulate criminal practice in the Fed-
eral courts, agreed to the conference asked by
the Senate on the disagreeing votes of tbe two
Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr. Johx
A. BiSgham of Ohio, Mr. George F. Hoar of
Massachusetts, and Mr. R. Milton Speer of
Pennsylvania, managers at the same on its
part.
The message further announced that the
House insisted on its amendments to the bill
