1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SPEAKER. The call of the roll dis-
closes the presence of two hundred and three
members—more than a quorum of the House.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate was received by
Mr. Gokham, the Secretary of the Senate,
informing the House that the Senate had
ordered that the Secretary inform the House
of Representatives that a quorum of the Sen-
ate has assembled, and that the Senate is
ready to proceed to business ; also, that the
Senate had passed the following resolution :
Resolved, That a committee, consisting of two
members, be appointed, to join such committee as
may be appointed by the House of Representatives,
to wait upon the President of the United States
and inform him that a quorum of each House has
assembled, and that Congress is ready to receive any
communication he may be pleased to make.
Ordered, That Mr. Anthony and Mr. Thueman
be the committee on the part of the Senate.
committee to wait on the senate.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Clerk of the House be directed
to inform the Senate that a quorum of the House of
Representatives has assembled, and that the House
is ready to proceed to business.
committee to wait on thj3 president.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That a committee of three members be
appointed on the part of the House, to join such
committee as may be appointed on the part of the
Senate, to wait upon the President and inform him
that a quorum of both Houses has assembled, and
Congress is ready to receive any communication he
may be pleased to make.
The SPEAKER appointed as such com-
mittee on the part of' the House, Mr. Gar-
field of Ohio, Mr. Blair of Michigan, and
Mr. Cox of New York.
presentation op credentials.
Mr. McCRARY. I rise for the purpose of
presenting the credentials of Hon. Sherman 0.
Houghton, member-elect from the first district
of California. They are regular in form.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Iowa has other credentials regular in form,
perhaps he had better present them all at
once.
Mr. McCRARY. I have none other regu-
lar in form.
Mr. KERR. I have credentials regular in
form of Hon. John C. Conner, member-elect
from the second district of Texas.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk of the House
has received other credentials, two of which
seem to be in regular form.
Mr. KERR. This is one of those in regu-
lar form.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I suggest that all
members-elect who have not been sworn, and
whose credentials are regular, be sworn in at
once.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
list of those which have been received by him.
The Clerk read as follows :
Connecticut—Stephen W. Kellogg.
California—Sherman 0. Houghton and John
M. Coghlan.
Illinois—Henry Snapp and John L. Bever-
idge.
Michigan—Wilder D. Foster.
Texas—John C. Conner and John Hancock.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
swearing any of these members at this time?
If there be no objection the gentlemen whose
names have been read will be sworn in at
once.
There was no objection ; and they were
accordingly sworn in.
william t. clark, of texas.
Mr. McCRARY. I present the credentials
of William T. Clark, claiming a seat from the
third district of Texas, which are not in the
usual form. I move they be printed, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Elections.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk has the creden-
tials of W. S. Herndon, claiming a seat from
the first district of Texas, of precisely a similar
form. If there be no objection, the Chair will
put the question on referring both of them
to the Committee of Elections, and ordering
them to be printed.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
DELEGATES SWORN.
The SPEAKER. The Delegate from the
District of Columbia and the Delegate from
the Territory of Montana have not been sworn
in. Are they present?
Mr. Norton P. Chipmax, Delegate from
the District of Columbia, and Mr. William H.
Clagett, Delegate from the Territory of Mon-
tana, presented themselves, and qualified by
taking the oaths prescribed by the Constitution
and the act of July 2, 1862.
standing committees.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
list of the standing committees for the Forty-
Second Congress. The Chair would state, in
advance of the reading, that in the case of
several committees which were appointed at
the last session, some changes have been
made—some by request of the members, and
some in consequence of considerations that
made removal desirable.
The Clerk read as follows:
Committee of Elections—George W. Mc-
Crary of Iowa, George F. Hoar of Massachu-
setts, Charles R. Thomas of North Carolina,
Aaron F. Perry of Ohio, Gerry W. Hazle-
ton of Wisconsin, Benjamin T. Eames of
Rhode Island, William E. Arthur of Ken-
tucky, William M. Merrick of Maryland, and
Edward Y. Rice of Illinois.
Of Ways and Means—Henry L. Dawes of
Massachusetts, Horace Maynard of Tennessee,
William D. Kelley of Pennsylvania, James
Brooks of New York, Gustavus A. Finkelri-
burg of Missouri, Horatio C. Burchard of Illi-
nois, Ellis H. Roberts of New York, Michael
C. Kerr of Indiana, and James B. Beckof Ken-
tucky.
On Appropriations—James A. Garfield of
Ohio, Aaron A. Sargent of California, Oliver
J. Dickey of Pennsylvania, Freeman Clarke
of New York, Frank W. Palmer of Iowa,
Eugene Hale of Maine, William E. Niblack
of Indiana, Samuel S. Marshall of Illinois,
and Thomas Swann of Maryland.
On Banking and Currency—Samuel Hooper
of Massachusetts, Henry Waldron of Michi
gan,Worthington C. SmithofVermont, Charles
B. Farwell of Illinois, James Monroe of Ohio,
Clinton L. Merriam of New York, Samuel S.
Cox of New York, Samuel J. Randall of
Pennsylvania, and "Peter M. Dox of Alabama.
On the Pacific Railroad—William A.
Wheeler of New York, James Buflinton of
Massachusetts, John Lynch of Maine, J. Hale
Sypher of Louisiana, John W. Killinger of
Pennsylvania, John L. Beveridge of Illinois,
Sherman 0. Houghton of California, John T.
Averill of Minnesota, Erastus Wells of Mis-
souri, John F. McKinney of Ohio, Smith Ely.
jr., of New York, James C. Harper of North
Carolina, and Henry D. McHenry of Ken-
tucky.
Of Claims—Austin Blair of Michigan, Julius
L. Strong of Connecticut, Charles W. Buck-
ley of Alabama, William S. Holman of Indiana,
H. Board man Smith of New York, William P.
Frye of Maine, Charles Booster of Ohio. John
T. Harris of Virginia, and Henry D. Foster j
of Pennsylvania.
On Commerce—Samuel Shellabarger of
Ohio, Philetus Sawyer of Wisconsin, John
Lynch of Maine, Omar D. Conger of Michi-
tan, Lionel A. Sheldon of Louisiana, Jarnes
. Negley of Pennsylvania, William S. Hoi-
man of Indiana, Samuel Hambletou of Mary-
land, and Dwight Townsend of New York.
On the Public Lands—John H. Ketcharn of
New York, Washington Townsend of Penn-
sylvania, John B. Hawley of Illinois, Stephen
W. Kellogg of Connecticut, Mark H. Dnnnell
of Minnesota, Jeremiah M. Rusk of Wiscon-
sin, James R. McCormick of Missouri, John
Ritchie of Maryland, and James H. Slater of
Oregon.
On the Post Office and Post Roads—John
F. Farnsworth of Illinois, John Hill of New
Jersey, Ginery Twichell of Massachusetts,
James N. Tyner of Indiana, Samuel J. Ran-
dall of Pennsylvania, Charles H. Porter of
Virginia, Sherman 0. Houghton of California,
Philadelph Van Trump of Ohio, and John
M. Carroll of New York.
On Manufactures—Samuel S. Burdett of
Missouri, Oakes Ames of Massachusetts, Wil-
liam H. Upson of Ohio, William II. H. Stow-
ell of Virginia, Robert C. De Large of South
Carolina, John M. Rice of Kentucky, John
Rogers of New York, Bradford N. Stevens of
Illinois, and William McClelland of Pennsyl-
vania.
On Agriculture—John T. Wilson of Ohio,
Charles Hays of Alabama, Harrison E. Ha-
vens of Missouri, William H. Lamport of New
York, Thomas J. Speer of Georgia, John W.
Hazleton of New Jersey, Richard J. Halde-
man of Pennsylvania, Abraham E. Garrett of
Tennessee, and Edward Crossland of Ken-
tucky.
On Indian Affairs—John P. C. Shanks of
Indiana, Samuel S. Burdett of Missouri, Johu
A. Smith of Ohio, John T. Averill of Minne-
sota, John V. Creely of Pennsylvania, John
Edwards of Arkansas, George M. Adams of
Kentucky, Alexander Mitchell of Wisconsin,
and William Williams of New York.
On Military Affairs—John Coburn of In-
diana, William L. Stougbton of Michigan,
John B. Hay of Illinois, William G. Donnan
of Iowa, Frank iiorey of Louisiana, George
E. Harris of Mississippi, Henry W. Slocutn
of New York, Lewis D. Campbell of Ohio,
and William Terry of Virginia.
On the Militia—Lionel A. Sheldon of Lou-
isiana, William L. Sprague of Ohio, Ginerv
Twichell of Massachusetts, Josiah T. Walls
of Florida, Jeremiah M. Rusk of Wisconsin,
John C. Conner of Texas, James G. Biair of
Missouri, Ephraim L. Acker of Pennsylvania,
and Joseph H. Tutbill of New York.
For the District of Columbia—Henry II.
Starkweather of Connecticut, William Wil-
liams of Indiana, Luke P. Poland of Ver-
mont, Chester B. Dan-all of Louisiana, AHVrd
C. Harmer of Pennsylvania, Aylett R. Cotton
of Iowa, Charles A. Eldr^dge of Wisconsin,
John M. Crebs of Illinois, and Robert. B.
Roosevelt of New York.
On the Judiciary—John A. Bingham of
Ohio, Benjamin F. Butler of Massachusetts,
John A. Peters of Maine, Ulysses Mercur of
Pennsylvania, Jeremiah M Wilson of Indiana,
Milo Goodrich of Naw York, Charles A. Eid-
ridge of Wisconsin, Daniel W. Voorhees of
Indiana, and Clarkson N. Potter of New Y'ork.
On Revolutionary Claims—Alexander S.
Wallace of South Carolina, James M, Pen-
dleton of Rhode Island, Ebzur H. Prindle of
New York, Ebenezer McJunkin of Pennsyl-
vania. William H. H. Stowell of Virginia,
Abram Comingo of Missouri, John Hancock
of Texas, William A. Handley of Alabama,
and Samuel C. Forker of New Jersey.
On Public Expenditures—Philetus Sawyer
of Wisconsin, Julius L. Strong of Connecticut,
Richard H. Whiteley of Georgia, David P.
Lowe of Kansas, Wilder D. Foster of Michi-
gan, Thomas Kinsella of New York, Benjamin
F. Meyers of Pennsylvania, John J. Davis of
West Virginia, and "William B. Read of Ken-
tucky.
On Private Laud Claims—-Ulysses Mercur
of Pennsylvania, William H. Upson of Ohio,
James C. McGrew of West Virginia, H. Board-
man Smith of New York, John M. Coghlan
of California, J, Allen Barber of Wisconsin,
