1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2697
which it published some time ago, which I will
read:
" The Militnw Reservation Business— Among the
other misfortunes against which this city has to
struggle in her efforts to build herself up is the
military reservation business. San Francisco has
been reserved for military purposes to an extent
that is positively stunning. Preparations for defen-
sive warfare have been made ou a scale which would
be sufficient for the demands of that great and final
s.ruggle which Gog and Magog are to bring on
'the world. If the solicitude of the General Govern-
ment for the protection of the maiden city by the
Golden Gate should be measured by the amount of
land which it has laid aside ft>r war purposes, the
conclusion could not be resisted that its defense
occupies the entire and exclusive attention of the
military authorities. Sixteen hundred acres proba-
bly of the best land in our suburbs, known as the
Presidio reservation, a large semicircular sweep at
Point San Josg, upon the very edge of the town,
and all the islands in the bay are considered by a
prudential military department to be essential for
the l-epulse of the invader, when he comes upon us
with his iron-cladi^around either the Oape ot Good
Ilope or Cape Horlt
" More land has (Teen taken possession of in and
around the city of San Francisco for military pur-
poses than in all the citics of tile Atlantic sea-board
put, together, fronting as they do those nationsfrom
which alone positive danger may be apprehended.
We are fortifying here on a gigantic scale, to all
appearances for no other purpose but to guard against
a hostile movement of Chinese or Japanese junks,
for which, without any reservation whatever, the
monitor Oamanche or even an ordinary steam-tug
with a Parrot at the bow would be more than a
match. In the whole vast expanse of the Pacific we
can discern no other possible enemies, and it is need-
less to say that no very serious trouble may be ever
apprehended from them. We hold it to be clear that
no matter what shape the future may take, no Euro-
pean nation with which we might happen to come
in collision would ever attempt to deal us a biow in
a region so distant from natural bases as the Pacific
and so entirely destitute of all appliances for the
repair of damages in case of defeat or disaster."
This ridicule of the Government for doing
what is now contended must be continued, I
do not cite to prove the shameless inconsist-
ency of the sheet in question, but that, the cry
of the need of the whole island for military
purposes is raised now to deceive the people
of the city and Congress.
1 ask pardon of the House for occupying so
much time on this question. But tlie ruffianly
proceedings of " hoodlums" at San Francisco,
prompted and defended by unprincipled specu-
lators who are seeking to sacrifice the real
interests of San Francisco to their own selfish
schemes, have made it necessary that I explain
with some care my position. 1 have not been
betrayed into anger by the inconsiderate de-
nunciation of well-disposed men, and still less
by the vile abuse of knavish sharpers who are
seeking to fleece the city by means of subsi-
dies to impossible railroad schemes, or trans-
fer its business to a distance. I deemed it my
duty to study carefully and perfect the details
of the bill, secure the harbor from damage,
and get more intimate connection between
San FranciSco and the East. I think the bill,
as now presented, secures these ends, is for
the benefit of the State and the great city, and
shall record my vote in its favor.
Mr. WHEELER. I now call the previous
question.
Mr. COX. I hope the gentleman will not
insist on that now.
Mr. BANKS. Will not the gentleman allow
pome time for debate?
Mr. WHEELER. Yes, sir; after the vote
is reconsidered.
Mr. BANKS. Let us have the debate now.
Mr. COX. I wish a telegram from San
Francisco to be read, which shows a state of
things different from what has been repre-
sented.
Mr. WHEELER. I shall admit that with
pleasure, if the vote is reconsidered.
Mr. COX. The matter should not be forced
in that way. I say the people of California
are not represented here on this question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Is it in order to move to
lay on the table the motion to reconsider?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed
by the Journal Clerk that that motion has
already been made and voted down. The
House has refused to lay the motion to re-
consider on the table.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to say to the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox] that
the State of California is as well represented
on this floor as is the gentleman's own district.
Mr. COX. I made no personal allusion
when I stated that the State of California and
the citv of San Francisco are not represented
on this subject by the gentleman and his col-
leagues.
Mr. SARGENT. I would like to know who
made the gentleman from New York a school
master over me and my colleagues ?
Mr. COX. I represent a district as a mem-
ber of the Congress of the United States. I do
not represent any bank. I represent the prop-
erty and the people of the United States now
sought to be despoiled by this species of legis-
lation. And I ask merely to be heard on this
question.
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman repre-
sents Tammany, and nothing else.
Mr. COX. That is a blackguard remark.
Mr. WOOD. If I understand the proposi-
tion of my colleague from New York, [Mr.
Wheeler,] it is to reconsider the vote bywhich
we disposed of the previous bill, and I desire
to know of the Chair what the effect of the
vote would be ?
The SPEAKER. The previous bill was
disposed of by recommitting it to the commit-
tee.
Mr. WOOD. Will his motion, if carried,
have the effect of bringing the bill which he
has read as a part of his speech before the
House ?
The SPEAKER. Should the House recon-
sider the vote recommitting the bill, the Chair
will then have to submit the question upon
recommitting. Should the House reconsider
the vote recommitting, the original bill will be
before the House, and the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wheeler] has indicated his pur-
pose to move what was read at the Clerk's desk
as a substitute therefor.
Mr. SPEEli, of Pennsylvania. Would the
substitute be open to amendment?
Mr. RANDALL. Do not lay that flattering
unction to your soul.
The SPEAKER. That would depend upon
whether the gentleman from New York should
demand the previous question.
Mr. WHEELER. I desire to say to the
gentleman from Now York [Mr. Cox] that
he shall have every opportunity to produce
and have read the telegram to which he has
referred. I have no desire to stifle discussion
or to shut out facts, as the gentlemau must
know from my course on former bills.
Mr. HOLMAN. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to allow amendments?
Mr. WHEELER. You may submit them
for consideration ?
Mr. BANKS. I hope the previous question
will not be sustained.
• The question was put on seconding the
demand for the previous question, and there
were—ayes 73, noes 69.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Wheeler
and Mr. Cox were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 72, noes 63.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question recurred upon ordering the
main question to be put.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
parliamentary inquiry. If the main question
be ordered, will it then be in the power of
the gentleman from New York to prevent all
amendments ?
The SPEAKER. It will be in the power
of the House, not of the gentleman from New
York.
Mr. RANDALL. Does the ordering of
the main question now cut off all amend*
ments?
The SPEAKER. It does not. The maitx
question is merely upon the question of recon-
sideration ; it does not reach the bill itself..
The question was taken ; and it wag decided
in the affirmative—yeas 100, nays 72, iy>t
voting 68; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ames. Averill, Barber, Barputn,
Austin Blair, GeorgeM. Brooks, Burdett, Roderick
R. Butler, Freeman Clarke, Coghlan, Conger, Crock-
er, Barrall, Dawes, Be Large, Dickey, Duell, Dun-
nell. Bames, Elliott, Ely, Farnsworth, Farweil,
Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garrett, Getz;, Goodrich,
Griffith, Harmer, Harper, George E. Harris, Haw-
ley, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton,
Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Ketcham, Lam-
port, Lansing, Leach, McGrew, MeHenry, Mc-
Junkin, McKee, Mereur, Mcrriain, Moore, Morey,
Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley, Niblack. Orr.
Packard. Packer, Palmer, Peck, Perce, Aaron F.
Perry, Eli Perry, Peterfe, Piatt, Poland, Prindle,
Rainey, Ellis H. Roberts, Rogers, Rusk, Sargent.
Seeley, Sessions, Sheldon, Shoemaker, Sloss, H.
Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Snapp, Thomas
J. Speer, Starkweather, Stoweli, Sutherland, Syphcr,
Thomas, Turner. Twichell.Upson, Voorhees, Wake-
man, Waldron, Wallace, Warren, Wheeler, White-
ley, Willard, Williams of Indiana, and Williams of
New York—100.
NAYS —Messrs. Acker,Adams, Ambler, Arthur,
Banks, Beatty, Bell, Bird, James G. Blair, Brax-
ton, Bright, Bufiinton, Benjamin F. Butler, Coburn,
Comingo, Cotton, Oox, Crossland, Davis, Eldredge.
Finkelnburg, Garfield, Golladay, Iialdeman, Han-
cock, Handley. Hanks, Hay, Hereford, Herndon,
Hibbard, Holman, Kerr, Killinger, King. Lewis.
Manson, Marshall, McClelland, Mclntyre, McNeely,
Merrick, Monroe, Hosea W.Parker, Potter, Randall,
Read, Edward Y. Rice,John M. Rice. Ritchie, Wil-
liam R. Roberts. Shanks, Sherwood, Slater, Snyder,
R. Milton Speer, Sprague, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stoughton, Strong, Terry, Dwigkt Townsend, Tut'
hill, Tyner, Van Trump, Waddell, Walden, Wells,
Whit.thorne, Wood, and Young—72.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Archer, Barry, Beck,
Beveridge, Bigby, Biggs, Bingham, Boles, Jamea
Brooks, Buckley, Burehard, Caldwell, Campbell,
Carroll, William T. Clark, Cobb, Conner, Orebs,
Creely, Critcher, Donnan, Dox, Du Bose, Duke,
Forker, Charles Foster, Henry D. Poster, Hale,
Halsey, Hambleton, John T. Harris, Havens, Hill,
Kellogg, Kendall, Kiosella, Lamison. Lowe, Lynch,
Maynard, McCormick, McCrary, McKinney, Benja-
min K. Meyers, Mitchell, Morgan, Isaac C. Parker.
Pendleton, Porter, Price, Robinson, Roosevelt,
Sawyer, Scofield, Shellabargcr, Shober, Slocum,
Wortliington C. Smith, Storm, Sc. John, Swann,
Taffe, Washington Townsend, Vaughan, Walls,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, JohnT. Wilson, and Winches-
ter—68.
During the roll call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. PRICE. I am paired with Mr. Town-
send, of Pennsylvania, who is absent on
account of sickness; if here he would vote
'"ay," and I should vote "no."
Mr. PARKER, of Missouri. I am paired
with Mr. Hambleton ; if here he would vote
" no," and I would vote "ay."
Mr. DONNAN. I am paired with Mr.
Halsby; he would vote "ay," and I should
vote "no."
Mr. VAN TRUMP. My colleague, Mr.
Morgax, is paired with some gentleman on
the other side of the House; if here he would
vote "no."
Mr. McCLELLAND. My colleague, Mr. B.
F. Meyeks, has been called away by sickness
in his family. He is paired with some gentle-
man who is in favor of this bill. If here he
would vote "no."
Mr. HALDEMAN. Mr. Slocom, who would
vote "ay," is paired upon this question with
Mr. Winchester, who would vote "no."
The question was upon the motion to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was recom-
mitted.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it in order now to move
to hiy the motion to reconsider upon the table?
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that such a motion would be in order.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make that motion.
Mr. WHEELER. Has not the House
already voted down one motion to lay this
motion to reconsider upon the table?
The SPEAKER. _ It has; but the Chair is
of opinion that business of such a character
has intervened as to make the motion again ia
order.
