1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
90$
remonstrance of the type-founders of Boston,
Massachusetts, against a reduction in the
tariff rates on printing types proposed by a
bill before Congress.
By Mr. LAMPORT: The petition of cer-
tain type founders against the repeal of the
tariff rates on printing type.
Also, the memorial of the American Tem-
perance Commission, asking the appointment
of commissioners to investigate and report to
Congress the result of prohibitory legislation
for the suppression of intemperance; also, the
result of the legalized liquor traffic upon the
public welfare; and what additional legisla-
tion, if any, may be necessary, for the prohibi-
tion of the manufacture, importation, and sale
of all intoxicating liquors to be used as a bev-
erage within the jurisdiction of the national
Government.
By Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri: The
petition of Charles E. Barroll, relative to the
payment of postage by publishers and dealers
in newspapers and periodicals.
By Mr. McJUNKIN: The petition of Anne
Humphreys, widow of Lawrence Humphreys,
deceased, late a private in company H, ninety-
first regiment Pennsylvania infantry volun-
teers, praying the passage of an act granting
her a pension.
Also, the petition of Mary O'Kane, depend-
ent mother of Daniel O'Kane, deceased, late
a seaman in the United States Navy, praying
the passage of an act granting her a pension.
By Mr. PETERS: The petition of Albert
Holton and others, of Maine, heirs of the
original claimants, for a bill for indemnity for
French spoliations.
By Mr. POLAND : The petition of Henry
C. Mills, private in first Vermont artillery,
praying a pension.
By Mr. RICE, of Kentucky: The petition of
James Delong and 14 others, citizens of Ken-
tucky, asking that compensation be granted
them for services rendered in the late war.
By Mr. WALDRON: The petition of Fred-
erick Becker, Ernest Weiss, and others, ma-
chinists, of Detroit, Michigan, in favor of a
protective tariff.
Also, the petition of A. B. Maynard and
others, of Detroit, Michigan, for the same.
Also, the petition of George Bishop and 40
others, mechanics and laborers, of Hamtramck,
Wayne county, Michigan, for the same.
Also, the petition of Adam Scholes and 50
others, shoemakers, of Detroit, for the same.
Also, the petition of George Clark, E. F.
Bates, and 60 others, molders, machinists,
and laborers, at Fulton iron and engine-works,
Detroit, for the same.
By Mr. WALLACE: The petition of Mrs.
M. A. Secrest, for a pension.
IN SENATE.
Friday, February 9,1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT "laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of War, re-
lating to the return of Senate bill No. 289, for
the relief of home guards raised in certain
counties of Tennessee, and in Jackson county,
Alabama, and accompanying papers; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
COAST SURVEY REPORT.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, communicating, in obedience to law, the
report of the Superintendent of the United
States Coast Survey for the year ending No-
vember 1, 1871; which was ordered to lie on
the table, and bo printed.
Mr. SUMNER submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was referred to the Committee
qn Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed two thousand
extra copies of the report of the Superintendent of
the United States Coast Survey for 1871, of which one
thousand copies shall be for the use of -the Senate,
and one thousand copies shall be for distribution by
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey.
CONTUMACIOUS WITNESSES.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair pre-
sents a letter from the United States Attorney
for the District of Columbia, in regard to legal
proceedings instituted with reference to the
publication of the treaty of Washington last
spring, which will be reported by the Secre-
tary.
The Chief Cierk read the following letter:
Office United States Attorney,
District of Columbia,
Washington, D. U., Februarul, 1872.
Sis: I have the honor to inform you that on
receiving certificates of the refusal of Messrs. Rams-
dell and White to answer certain questions pro-
pounded to them respecting the Washington treaty
by the S.enate of the United States, I proceeded to
bring the matter before the grand jury of this Dis-
trict for their action, in pursuance of the third sec-
tion of the act of Congress of the 24th January. 1857,
although I entertained the opinion that, by the act
of Congress approved June 17, 1870, entitled "An
act to establish a police court for the District of
Columbia, and for other purposes," the provision
requiring the matter to be brought before the grand
jury contained in the act of January 24,1857, was
repealed, and the jurisdiction in such cases had been
transferred to the police court. X deemed it my duty,
however, to lay tne ease before the grand jury, so
that the question of jurisdiction might be decided
by the supreme court of the District of Columbia.
On the calling of the oases for trial (the grand jury
having found indictments) motions were made to
quash the indictments on the ground of the transfer
of jurisdiction made by the police court act; which
motions prevailed and the indictments were quashed.
Since then I have prepared informations in the
cases to be filed in the police court, and shall be
ready to procced to trial if it be the pleasure of the
Senate that the offending witnesses be further pur-
sued. But before I can file these informations in
the police court, it is made necessary by the third
section of the police court aet that some person shall
make oath to the commission of the offense eharged.
Should it be the desire of the Senate the prosecution
shall go forward, it will be necessary for some per-
son having knowledge of {he commission of the
offenses by Ramsdell and White to appear before me
and take the oath as prescribed by said third section
of the police court act.
Awaiting the expression of the desire of the Sen-
ate in this behalf, and the appearance of some person
to make the required oath, I have the honor to be,
very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GEO. P. FISHER,
United, States Attorney District of Columbia.
Hon. Schcivlkb Colfax,
President United States Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that this docs not come under the twenty-
fourth rule; but the Chair submits it to the
Senate, as it is a matter in regard to which the
Senate had taken action in the spring. It will
have to lie over, except by unanimous consent,
until the morning business is concluded. That
must be considered first.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move, that it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the communication will be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary. It is so
referred.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented three
memorials from citizens of Maine, praying a
modification of the laws regulating the follow-
ing subjects: first, iu regard to appointments
to and removals from office; second, the abo-
lition of the system of moieties of fines, pen-
alties, and forfeitures in the collection of cus-
toms; third, not to the entire abolition of the
power to seize books and papers; which were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, praying
for the passage of a law taxing distilled spirits
according to their actual capacity, such capa-
city to be ascertained by practical men; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of Cyrus Pierce
and others, of Bristol, Pennsylvania, praying
an amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, providing that no candidate shall
hereafter be eligible to any Federal office who
is addicted to the use of intoxicating liquors
as a beverage, and that drunkenness in. any
incumbent of such office shall be deemed at
any time sufficient cause for his immediate
impeachment and deposition; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented p. memorial of three hun-
dred and twenty-seven workers in' the employ
of the Westmoreland Coal Company, and citi-
zens of Westmoreland county, Pennsylvania,
praying a repeal of the duties upon tea, coffee,
and other articles of necessity, and such an
adjustment of the tariff duties as will protect
home industry; which was referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of one hun-
dred and twenty-six workers in the Penn Gas
Coal Company's mines, and citizens of Penn
station and vicinity, Pennsylvania, praying a 
repeal of the duties upon tea, coffee, and other
articles of necessity, and for such an adjust-
ment of the tariff duties as will protect home
industry; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of workers in
the Soho iron-works, and citizens of Alle-
ghany county, Pennsylvania, praying a repeal
of the duties upon , tea, coffee, and other arti-
cles of necessity, and for such an adjustment
of the tariff duties as will protect home indus-
try ; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. OSBORN presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Marianna, Florida, praying indemnifi-
cation for spoliations committed by the French
prior to the year 1801; which was ordered to lie
on the table.
Mr. SAWYER presented a petition of a
large number of merchants of Charleston, South
Carolina, praying a modification of the laws and
regulations affecting and governing appoint-
ments to and removals from public offices,
salaries, perquisites, and moieties of publie
officers, and seizures of private books and
papers; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of sol-
diers of the late war, praying that a bounty of
$8 38J per month be granted to all honorably
discharged soldiers and sailors for the entire
term served, and that an amendment be made
to the twenty-fifth section of the act approved
July 16, 1870, so as to permit soldiers or
sailors to enter the amount of land therein
allowed without the requirements of settle-
ment and cultivation; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented three memorials of work-
ers in iron, citizens of Ohio, remonstrating
against any change in the existing tariff lawa
abating or abolishing the duties upon such
articles as are successfully produced in this
country; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Robert
Loekhart, publisher of the Loudonville Inde-
pendent, of Ashland county, Ohio, praying for
such an amendment to the postal laws as will
allow persons known as regular publishers and
dealers in newspapers and periodicals to receive
by mail such'quantities of either as they may
require, in bulk, whether wholly or in part
printed, and pay the postage thereon as re-
ceived, at the same rates pro rata as reg-
ular subscribers to publications weighing four
ounces, who pay quarterly in advance; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of Thomas W.
Rathbone, heir of J. C. Rathbone, of Lindale,
Ohio, praying indemnity for spoliations com-
mitted by the French between theyears 1798 and
1801; which was ordered to lie on the table. .
Mr, SHERMAN. I also present a petition
signed by sixty-four of the leading men, many
of whom I know, of Cleveland, Ohio, and a
petition signed by twenty-six business men of
Toledo, Ohio, similar in character to those
