10
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
Richard J. Haldeman of Pennsylvania, Samuel
N. Bell of New Hampshire, and John M.
Bright of Tennessee.
On Naval Affairs—Grieuni W. Seo field of
Pennsylvania, Henry H. Starkweather of Con-
necticut, John H, Ketcham of New York,
Charles Hays of Alabama, James H. Piatt, jr.,
of Virginia, John M. Coghlan of California,
Stevenson Archer of Maryland, Jabez G. Suth-
erland of Michigan, and Washington C. Whit-
thorne of Tennessee.
On Foreign Affairs—Nathaniel P. Banks
of Massachusetts, Leonard Myers of Pennsyl-
vania, Charles W. Willard of Vermont, Jacob
A. Ambler of Ohio, R. Holland Duel! of New
York, Jasper Packard of Indiana, Fernando
Wood of New York, George W. Morgan of
Ohio, and James C. Robinson of Illinois.
On the Territories—JohnTaffeof Nebraska,
George C. McKee of Mississippi, Elizur H.
Prindleof New York, Isaac C. Parker of Mis-
souri, David P. Lowe of Kansas, Lazarus D.
Shoemaker of Pennsylvania, William H. Bar-
mm of Connecticut, William W. Vaughan of
Tennessee, and Frank Hereford of West Vir-
ginia.
On Revolutionary Pensions and War of
1812—Charles W. Willard of Vermont,
Charles H. Porter of Virginia, BeDjamiti T.
Eames of Rhode Island, Clinton L. Cobb of
North Carolina, William P. Sprague of Ohio,
John M. Rice of Kentucky, Samuel C. Forber
of New Jersey, Robert P. Caldwell of Ten-
nessee, and Abram Comingo of Missouri.
On Invalid Pensions—Jesse H. Moore of
Illinois, Erasmus D. Peck of Ohio, Alexander
S. Wallace of South Carolina, Ebenezer Mc-
Junkiti of Pennsylvania, Seth Wakeman of
New York, Benjamin S. Turner of Alabama,
John T. Bird of New Jersey, Mahlon D. Man-
son of Indiana, and R. Milton Speer of Penn-
sylvania.
On Railways and Canals—John B. Packer
of Pennsylvania, Oakes Aines of Massachu-
setts, George A. Halsey of New Jersey, Joseph
ij. Morphis of Mississippi, Henry Snapp of
Illinois, Charles St. John of New York, Benja-
min I. Biggs of Delaware, Boyd Winchester
of Kentucky, and Charles N. Lamison of
Ohio.
On Mines and Mining—Henry Waldron of
Michigan, Aaron A. Sargent of California,
Nathaniel P. Banks of Massachusetts, Wor-
thingtoti C. Smith of Vermont, James S. Neg*
ley of Pennsylvania, Walter L. Sessions of
New York, Francis E. Shober of North Caro-
lina, Pierce it. B. Young of Georgia, and
Charles W. Kendall of Nevada.
On Freedmen's Affairs—Clinton L. Cobb
of North Carolina, George M. 'Brooks of Mas-
sachusetts, Roderick R. Butler of Tennessee,
John E. Seeley of New York, Oliver P. Snyder
of Arkansas, Joseph H. Rainey of South Caro-
lina, Samuel Griffith of Pennsylvania, Elliott.
M. Braxton of Virginia, and Andrew King of
Missouri.
On Education and Labor—■Legrand W.
Perce of Mississippi, George F. Hoar of Mas-
sachusetts, VVashington Townsend of Pennsyl-
vania, Roderick R. Butler of Tennessee, Mark
xi. Bunnell of Minnesota, Robert B. Elliott
of South Carol ma, Thompson W. McNeely of
Illinois, John B. Storm of Pennsylvania, and
Archibald T. Mclnfire of Georgia.
On Revision of the Laws of the United
iSta les Be nj a mi n F. Butler of Massachusetts,
Luke P. Poland of Vermont, Jacob A. Ambler
of Ohio, William E. Lansing of New York,
John W. Killinger of Pennsylvania, John S.
Bigby of Georgia, James M. Leach of North
Carolina, Henry Sherwood of Pennsylvania,
and Joseph H. Sloss of Alabama.
On Coinage, Weights, and Measures—Wil-
liam D. Iielley of Pennsylvania, Samuel
Hooper of Massachusetts, John Beatty of
Ohio, William L. Stoughton of Michigan,
John Critcher of Virginia, William R. Rob-
erts of New Vork, and Hosea W. Parker of
New Hampshiie.
On Patents—Leonard Myers of Pennsyl-
vania, Job E. Stevenson of Ohio, George H.
Brooks of Massachusetts, Henry W. Barry of
Mississippi, Madison M. Waldeti of Iowa,
Joseph M. Warren of New York, Ellery A.
Hibbard of New Hampshire, Edward I. Gol-
laday of Tennessee, and Dudley M. DuBose
of Georgia. .
On Public Buildings and Grounds—George
A. Halsey of New Jersey, James N. Tyner
of Indiana, James H. Piatt of Virginia, Jack-
son Qrr of Iowa, Charles B. Farwell of Illi-
nois, Walter L. Sessionsof New York, J. Law-
rence Getz of Pennsylvania, Erastus Wells of
Missouri, and Eli Perry of New York.
On Mileage—James C. McGrew of West
Virginia, Ohester B. Darrall of Louisiana,
John W. Hazleton of New Jersey, Edward I.
Golladay of Tennessee, and James G. Blair
of Missouri.
On Accounts—James Buffinton of Massachu-
setts, Philetus Sawyer of Wisconsin, George
E. Harris of Mississippi, Stevenson Archer
of Maryland, and Joseph H. Lewis of Ken-
tucky.
On Expenditures in the State Department—
Omar D. Conger of Michigan, Richard H.
Whiteleyof Georgia, Harrison E. Havens of
Missouri, John Rogers of New York, and
Benjamin F. Meyers of Pennsylvania.
On Expenditures in the Treasury Depart
ment—John Lynch of Maine, J. Hale Sypher
of Louisiana, John B. Hay of Illinois, Wil-
liam H. Barnum of Connecticut, and Charles
W. Kendall of Nevada.
On Expenditures in the War Department—
William Williams of Indiana, J. Allen Barber
of Wisconsin, Oliver P. Snyder of Arkansas,
Ephraim L. Acker of Pennsylvania, and
Thomas Kinsella of New York.
On Expenditures in the Navy Department—
Stephen W. Kellogg of Connecticut, Isaac C.
Parker of Missouri, Gerry W. Hazleton of
Wisconsin, Benjamin T. Biggs of Delaware,
and Joseph H. Tuthill of New York.
On Expenditures in the Post Office Depart-
ment—Henry W. Barry of Mississippi, Alfred
C. Harmer of Pennsylvania, John S. Bigby
of Georgia, William R. Roberts of New York,
and Francis E. Shober of North Carolina.
On Expenditures in the Interior Depart-
ment—John Hill of New Jersey, John A.
Smith of Ohio, J. L. Beveridge of Illinois,
George M. Adams of Kentucky, and John C.
Conner of Texas.
On Expenditures on Public Buildings—
John B. Ilawley of Illinois, Joseph L. Morphis
of Mississippi, Lazarus D. Shoemaker of Penn-
sylvania, Fernando Wood of New York, and
Richard T. W. Duke of Virginia.
On the Rules Ihe Speaker, Nathaniel P.
Banks of Massachusetts, James A. Garfield
of Ohio, Samuel S. Cox of New York, and
Samuel J. Randall of Pennsylvania.
Joint Committee on Printing—John Beatty
of Ohio, James M. Pendleton of Rhode Island,
and William P. Price of Georgia.
Joint Committee on the Library—.J ohn A.
Peters of Maine, William A. Wheeler of New
l ork, and Lewis D Campbell of Ohio.
Joint Committee on Enrolled Bills—Chafes
W. Buckley of Alabama, Wilder D. Foster of
Michigan, and John T. Bird of New Jersey.
Joint Select Committee on Insurrectionary
States—Luke P. Polaid of Vermont, Horace
Maynard of Tennessee, Glenni W. Scofiold of
I ennsylvama, John F. Farnsworth of Illinois,
J ohn Gobura of Indiana, Job E. Stevenson of
Ohio, Benjamin F. Butler of Massachusetts,
William E. Lansing of New York, Samuel S.
NewYork, JamesB. BeckofKentucky,
Philade ph Van Trump of Ohio, Alfred M.
™ell.offi orth Carolina, James C. Robmson
of Illinois, and James M. Hanks of Arkansas.
select Committee on the Mississippi Levees—
Frank Morey of Louisiana, Madisoji M. Wal-
den of Iowa, George C. McKee of Mississippi,
COMMITTEE ON TIIE TERRITORIES.
Mr. CHAFFEE. I submit the following res-
olution for consideration at this time :
Revolved, That the Speaker be, and is hereby, au-
thorized to increase the number of the Committee
on the Territories by the appointment of one terri-
torial Delegate, who shall have the same rights and
privileges in the committee as any other member.
Mr. DAWES. I move that that resolution
be referred to the Committee on the Rules.
The SPEAKER. That would have to bo
done in case of a single objection to its pres-
ent consideration, as it requires a change of
the rules of this House.
Mr. DAWES. I think it had better be first,
considered by the Committee on Rules. I
have no objection to the passage of the reso-
lution, but it should come from the Commit-
tee on Rules.
Mr. CHAFFEE. Very well; let it go to
the Committee on Rules.
No objection being made, the resolution
was received, and referred to the Committee
on Rules.
TREATY OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, submitted
the following resolution; which was referred
under the law to the Committee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
House twenty thousand copies of the treaty of
Washington and the accompanying documents, as
furnished by the State Department to the Senate.
MILITARY KULE IN SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr. BECK. I desire to offer the following
resolution calling for executive information:
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be, and he is hereby, requested to inform this House
under irhat provisions of the law of April 20, 1871
if any. and, if not under that law, by what author-
ity, lie has caused the Constitution and laws of the
United States, and the constitution and laws of the
State of South Carolina, to be set aside, and martial
law declared, and the writ of habeas cortms sus-
pended in Spartanburg, Union, and seven other
counties in the State of Sonth Carolina, whereby the
courts and civil authorities are unable to afford
protection to the lives, liberties, and rights of the
people therein, and all of them left at the mercy of
such military subordinates as he has seen or may
see fit to place over them. He is specially requested
to lay before this House all the acts of insurrection,
resistance, or opposition to the laws of the United
states committed in each of those counties at any
time after the 20th of April, 1871, prior to the date
of his proclamation of martial law, giving the char-
acter of the offenses, the facts relative thereto, and
the names of the offenders so far as ascertained.
He is further requested to lay before the Houso
any cases of resistance to the execution of the pro-
ems of the civil courts, or the officers either of the
United States^ or of the State of South Carolina, by
the citizens of any of the counties in which
the guarantees of constitutional liberty have been
annulled by his proclamation aforesaid since the
passage of the act of April 20, 1871. aforesaid;
ami that he give the names of all of said citizens
who have been arrested or imprisoned under and by
virtue of the authority conferred by his proclama-
tion, with the violations of law with which each is
charged, a-nd the dates at which it is alleged they
committed the offenses for which they were so
arrested and imprisoned; and that he give this
House full information as to all the statements of
tact on which he acted in issuing his proclamation
aforesaid, giving the names of his informants, their
statements when made to him in writing, and the
substance of them when made verbally, so that this
House can determine what stops are necessary to
restore to the citizens of the counties aforesaid, and
especially to those who are not guilty of offenses
against the United States, the equal protection of
tne Jaws with the people of other portions of the
country, under the forms prescribed by the Consti-
tution of the United States.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for
executive information, unanimous consent is
necessary for its consideration on this day.
Mr. DAWES. I object,
p Mr. BECK. I move to suspend the rules
ui order that the resolution may be acted on
now.
Ihe SPEAKER. Under the construction
uniformly maintained, the rules cannot be
suspended on the first Monday of the session,
uCnll?e ru^e Provides that such motion
shall be in order "at the expiration of one
hour after the Journal is read.'* There hav-
ing been no Journal read to-day, the motion
is not m order.
Mr. BUTLERj of Massachusetts. Is there
