set
THE O0NGEESSIOKAL GLOBE.
February 9,
V 7
presented by" other Senators!, remonstrating
 gainst the seizures of private books 'and'
papers. I have also so far examined the
grounds of complaint  s to be satisfied that
3 ere ought to be a modification of the law
authorizing- the seizure and examination of
private books and papers by eastom-bouse
officers.' I think myself (that gross- abuses of
authority and power have been exercised in
this way to the injury of private citizens and'
without any benefit to the public service. I
move the reference of these petitions to the"
Committee On the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER. I present the memorial
of E. P. Young and two hundred and fourteen
others, citizens of- Alabama, who represent
that at a time when sectional animosities were
rife in the land against the people of the State
of Alabama and other southern" States, the
Congress of the United States passed acts
levying excessive taxes on a product peculiar
to and grown only- in the southern States,
and at the same time exempted the products
of other States worth tenfold- more. These
memorialists also represent that while this was
the case the-southern States paid their due
share of all other taxes. The Constitution of
the United States provides that direct taxes
sli&il be apportioned among the several States
according to numbers, and all other taxes
shall be uniform throughout the United States.
Therefore, the memorialists consider that they
have been illegally and unjustly dealt with in
being required to pay an undue share of
taxes on the products of their soil, amounting
in some cases to more than one fourth the
value of the produce.
Now that the excitements have passed away,
these memorialists express the hope that Con-
gress will reconsider the hasty legislation of
former years and repair the wrongs inflicted on
a, people many of whom have been almost
reduced to extreme poverty by losses growing
out of the late unhappy war, by short crops
and low prices, and particularly by the oner-
ous and oppressive tax levied on cotton. They
state that no people are more willing than they
to bear their due. share of taxes, and they
believe the same spirit animates the people of
this and other southern States, and when the
money is refunded which they feel was Unjustly
taken from them their confidence in the even-
handed justice of a" great Government will
be restored. I move the reference of this
memorial to the Committee on Finance.
The mo-tion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
honorably discharged soldiers and sailors of
the late war, praying the enactment of a law
granting a pension to Patrick Brennan ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FEliRY, of Connecticut. 1 present the
petition of Lafayette S. Foster and some three
hundred other citizens of Norwich, Connec-
ticut, asking the earliest and most thorough
attention of Congress to the laws and regula-
tions affecting and governing the following
subjects: first, appointments to and removals
from public offices; second, the salaries, per-
quisites, and moieties of public officers; third,
the seizures of private books and papers, and
atso other matters pertaining to the customs
revenue laws. I have examined the names
appended to this petition, and find them to
embrace those of a large proportion of the
most reputable citizens of Norwich.
I have also a petition of citizens of New
Haven, Connecticut, on the same subject and
of the same character; also, a petition of citi-
zens of New Britain, Connecticut, on the same
subject and of the same character; also, a
petition of citizens of Hartford, Connecticut,
on the same subject and of the same charac-
ter ; and also a petition of other citizens of
Connecticut on the same subject and of the
same character. I move that all of them be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
• The motion was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am charged with the
pleasant duty of presenting three petitions from
citizens of Vermont, of the same character,
and I know many of them to be very respect-
able gentlemen. I see that, acting no doubt
upon the theory that my friend from Rhode
Island [Mr. Anthony] mentioned yesterday,
the person who went' around to get these sig-
natures was-so eager-to have them count, that
h« got one gentleman to sign twice, to get two
cents more, I suppose. But the considerations
which the petitioners set forth are certainly
worthy of very careful and serious considera-
tion. I move their reference to the Committee
011 the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GOLDIHWAITE presented a resolu-
tion of the General Assembly of Alabama, in
favor of an act granting laud to aid in the
construction of the Mobile and Northwestern
Railroad Company; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented si resolution of the Gen-
eral Assembly of Alabama, in favor of the
enactment of a law refunding to the people of
the cotton growing States the amount of tax
collected on cotton during the years 1866,,
1866, and 1867 ; which was referred- to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented a resolution of the Gen-
eral Assembly of Alabama, in favor of an act.
extending the time for selecting swamp and
overflowed lands; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented a petition of
citizens of Virginia and of the District of
Columbia, praying that an additional duty
of one ceut per pound be imposed on sumac;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, presented a
petition of citizens of West Virginia, praying
a reduction of the tax on stogie cigars; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. PATTERSON presented a memorial
from citizens of New York city, in relation to
the proposition to use the surplus of the Chi-
nese indemnity fund to establish an American
college in China; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CHANDLER presented the petition of
Edward W. Perry, publisher of the Lake Shore
Commerce, of Allegan county, Michigan, pray-
ing a modification of the postal laws; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of J. W.
Allen, publisher of the Herald, of Ingham,
Michigan, praying a modification of the postal
laws ; which was referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. THURMAN. I present a petition from
citizens of Columbus, Ohio, in which I reside,
relative to appointments to and removals from
public office; to the salaries, perquisites, and
moieties of public offices; and to the power of
seizing the books and papers of merchants.
I wish to say in presenting this petition that
I am personally acquainted with almost e'very
signer of it; and the signers are among the
most respectable and important business men
of that city and of all political parties. I never
have presented a petition signed by more re-
spectable names or the names of persons whose
opinions were entitled to more consideration.
I move that this petition be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. I present also a similar
petition from citizens of Cincinnati, and I may
make substantially the same remarks about
the signers of this petition. I move that it be
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CARPENTER presented a petition of
Pierce Curby and twenty-nine others, soldiers
of Ohio, praying that a bounty of $8 33J a mouth
be granted to all honorably discharged soldiers
and sailors for the entire term served, and that
an amendment be made to the twenty-fifth
section of the act approved July 1&, 1870, so
as to permit soldiers or sailors to enter the
amount of land therein allowed without the
requirements of settlement and cultivation;
which was referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
Mr. BO HEM AN presented a petition of a
large number of citizens of the city of Wheel-
ing, West Virginia, praying a reduction of
the tax on stogie cigars; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
personal explanation.
Mr. SUMNER. I see that the Senator from
Maine [Mr. Hamlin] is in his seat: I forbore
until he arrived, but I wish, with the indul-
gence of the Senate, to call attention to an
error of fact in a statement made by the Sena-
tor from Maine in reference to myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts asks consent to make a
personal statement. Is there objection? The
Chair hears none, and the Senator will proceed.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator on that occa-
sion recounted an interview he had with the
reporter of the Globe, and then proceeded :
"In an interview, the next day I think, he"—
That is, the reporter—
'\told me that when proofs had been sont to the
Senator from Massachusetts for his inspection, he
found fault that it was omitted, and I immediately
stated to the reporter that I bad no desire to sup-
press it. and I asked that it be restored to the Globe.
Every word of this the reporter will affirm. He sub-
sequently informed me that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts had been notified that it would bo re-
stored, and thatl desired it."
I said at once in reply to that as follows :
"He says that the proofs we're submitted to my-
self. I never saw the proofs. Ihey were never sub-
mitted to me. I knew nothing of the proposition to
suppress. I did not imagine that anybody could
make it, until on reading the Globe the next morn-
ing I found that the speech ef the Senator was sup-
pressed."
The Senator then replied:
" Again, I may have.been mistaken as to the mode
in which the Senator ^rot his information in relation
to what appeared in the Daily Globe; but when I
was informed by the reporter that he found fault, I
immediately directed the publisher of that paper to
communicate to him, and they told me they did
communicate to him, that it was my wish that the
matter omitted should be printed in the regular
edition of the Globe.
"Mr. Sumner. I will say that X never received
any such communication."
There the matter dropped in this Chamber;
but yesterday I was called, from my seat by
one of the publishers of the Globe who had
read the statement of the Senator 1'rom Maine,
and he mentioned in the very kindest tone that
there was error on the part of the Senator; and
he confirmed my statement. Of course I knew
that my statement was precisely according to
the facts. I asked him if he would be good
enough to send me in writing what he had
said to me. He asked me to ad'dress him a
note calling for the information, which I did;
and this morning I have received the following
letter which I ask to have read.
The Chief Clerk read' as follows:
Globe Office, February 8,1872.
Dear Sib: Your note of this date is received, a3
follows:
"Senate Chamber, February 8, 1872.
"Gentlemen: Xjsall your attention to an incident
in the Glabe of to-day with reference to the sup-
pression of a speech by Mr. Hamlin and its subse-
quent restoration. Will you be good enough to state
the tacts so far as they come within your knowledge?
" Faithfully, yours,
"CHARLES SUMHEfi.
" Messrs. Rives & Bailey."
The facts concerning the suppression of remarks of
Mr. Hamlin and yourself from the debates of Jan-
uary 26, so tar as known to us, are correctly given,
down to the date of our note of January 27, which
is incorporated in your remarks of J anuary 29, us
printed in the Daily Globe of the next day, and need
not be repeated we presume; but it is certainly not
foreign to a statement of facts as called for, that we
refer to your very kind initial note upon thissubjeet,
which is as follows:
"H Street, corxf.r or Vermont Avenije,
" Saturday.
"Gentlemen: I observe tffat remarks by Mr.
Hamlin, with my reply, immediately after my sub-
stitute for the resolution qf adjournment, are omit-
