■1802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 19,
favor of it." I send to the Clerk's desk the
dispatch itself, to be read.
The Secretary read the following dispatch :
Chicago, Illinois, February 16,1872.
Hon. T. W. Fkrry, National Hotel:
There is great misunderstanding as to just "what
the bill is. If confined to those rebuilding who nave
been burned out our lumbermen are in favor of it.
I do not receive your papers. Write me your posi-
tion and I will see that your ar®jnot misvenrc^ented.
WIRT DEXTER.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. So far as I was
concerned I had received no intimation up to
the date of my remarks on reconsideration,
the 12th of February, from any individual to
withhold anything that had been sent to me
for use on this bill. Nor was there anything
in Mr. Dexter's letter to entitle him to the
abuse of his fellow citizens. Now, I desire to
read a short paragraph from the letter of ex-
planation which was published in the prints
of Chicago:
*' The amount of lumber to be used next year in
the burnt district is so small a portion of the whole
lumber supply that I took it for granted no one
would suspect the lumbermen of opposition on that
score. „ , ,
"The lumbermen need no defense at my hands.
They have in many instances since the lire lur-
nished the relief committee lumber at old prices.
Unsolicited, they have given nearly &6,OOU out of
$7,50U contributed in money this winter; and for the
past fivo years they have boon the heaviest contrib-
utors to the regular relief luiul."
I have shown from the pen of the chairman
of the relief society of Chicago, that lumber-
men are entitled to this praise,_ that they have
contributed more than others for the relief of
the distressed, by private contributions, and
more than that, the lumber used by them has
been furnished at old prices. I have stated
before that I was in Chicago at the time of the
fire, and that a project was notonly mooted by
the citixons themselves, but was so far enter-
tained that a meeting of lumbermen in that
city was about to carry a resolution to raise
the price of lumber from fifteen to twenty
dollars, some of them proposing to raise it to
seventeen dollars at least, but a majority of
them to twenty dollars. I appeared on the
ground, and have a right now, since the papers
there have willfully misrepresented the facts,
to refer to it; and that I may not misstate them,
I will give what is now said of the occurrence.
In a recent number of the Chicago Journal
an article reads thus:
" Very soon after the fire there was a meeting of
lumber dealers to agree upon a scale of prices. Tho
proposition was made to fix the maximum rate at
twenty dollars a thousand feet. This mot with favor
with all except Mr. Kkbry."
Now I will read from the Tribune of the
20th of February:
** Mr. Fkruy opposed this resolution and offored a
substitute that tho dealers should sell fifty million
at the then prioo, fifteen dollars, thus leaving every
one at liberty to charge what they could got for the
remainder of their stock. As there was over three
hundred million feet then on hand, of which Mr.
Ferry owned his full proportion.it is not difficult to
see tho motive of Mr. Ferry's opposition to tho
resolution." * k + * "Thefifty million
feet which the dealers sold at the old price, under
Fkrry's resolution, was immediately picked up by
railroads and such business men as were able,
although burned out, to advancc money for it for
future use; while tho poorer classes, and those who
had to wait for money from insurance or other
sources, are now buying, and havo been all winter
buying, lumber of Ferry <& Brother, and others at Mr.
Ferry's quotations, namely, twenty and twenty-
two dollar*. And this is the way Mr. Fkrry 'broko
up the ring,' as the lumbermen present at the meet-
ing can testify."
I read from the Times, alluding to myself. It
says :
*' What he objects to, therefore, is not that Mich-
igan is to be taxed for the relief of Chicago, but that
the lumber monopolists of Michigan are to be pre-
vented from putting up the price of lumber in con-
sequence ot tho lire, and thus enriching themselves
out of tho misfortune of the people of Chicago. The
Time1* freely admits that the relief bill will deprive
the Michigan and Wisconsin lumber monopolists of
an excellent opportunity for practicing extortion—
tnat was its very objeet-—but tbe Times will not ad-
mit, because it is not true, that the measure will lay
either Michigan or Wisconsin under contribution
for the relief of Chicago."
I will read from the Journal this comment:
"'Ferry is one of the heaviest lumbermen in the
Chicago market. If he can oarry liis poante, will
be thousands of dollars in his pocket. He expects
to reap a fortune the coming season at the expense
of the Chicago fire victims. If the pending relief
bill can be defeated, lumber will command war
prices,' and more, too. Our People were impover-
ished to the verge of bankruptcy, and while the, rest
of the country has been prodigal with charity to us,
these miserable Shylocks of tho pineries think only
of their ducats."
I will now state very briefly the position I
did take. This bears forcibly upon this ques-
tion, for if I understand the point made, it is
represented that the prices are to be so exor-
bitant that to reduce them they ask for the
introduction of the imported commodity. Now,
I wish to state what occurred, and I will follow
it with telegrams from lumbermen represent-
ing, I think, one hundred and fifty millions,
proposing to sell their lumber at lower rates
than prevailed last year. Here was my prop-
osition, at the Chicago meeting following the
fire:
"That a committee of three lumbermen be ap-
pointed, who shall assess pro rafo upon t.he quan-
tity of lumber each dealer in the city bad on hand,
(fifty million feet) which amount—verified by said
committee in cases of doubt that it is to be used lor
rebuilding the nity—shall be sold at prices no higher
than before tho fire, to wit, fifteen dollars per thou-
sand for common lumber and on that basis for other
grados."
Here in a nutshell were my objections to
then- proposition to enhance prices. They
desired to raise the price of lumber to twenty
dollars. What I stated was:
"What objection can there be to a plan of aid
based upon what every dealer has on hand? In
fact tho proposition Ihave offered is really no sacri-
fice. It is holding lumber against a rise and tender-
ing to those in want a surrender of what advance
of price the fire would occasion. There is no real
generosity in it. It is simply hedging a coiner on
lumber, and is butjustice, nothing more.
Then closing with this determination:
" Whatever others may do, I am ready to act,
though I stand alone, and now state that Ferry &
Brother will meet their quota of this fifty million
loet at old prices, and if necessary sell their whole
stock on hand at prices before the tire,,and if we
fail iu doing it, wo shall have the consciousness of
having fallen in an attempt to help sore sufferers
lise."
Demanding that the vote should be taken
with uplifted hands that we should see who
had manhood and who had not, the proposi-
tion was almost unanimously carried. Thus,
as I stated before and maintain now, Michigan,
which I then represented so far as one of her
commodities was concerned, became instru-
mental in breaking down a proposition made
by citizens of Chicago to raise the price of
lumber from four to five dollars a thousand
feet, and on the quantity I had on hand, to
wit, six million feet, saved to the citizens of
that city at least $24,000, which would other-
wise have swelled the profits of one concern.
Now, sir, my proportion of that fifty millions
was one sixth of the amount I had on hand at
that time, six million feet, so that my quota
of the fifty millions was one million feet To
be certain that I was entirely accurate I have
taken pains to procure a transcript of our sales,
and I will state the result.
Our sales from October 9 to October 2i
were 1,881,650 feet at sixteen dollars, which
was the price from the piles. It was under-
stood that fifteen dollars was the price by the
cargo, costing a dollar to dock aud pile it.
We sold 220,000 feet more than we had ou
hand, and were obliged to replace it by pay-
ing seventeen dollars a thousand feet. Prom
October 24 to Octobcr 30 we sold 768,000 feet
at eighteen dollars, having purchased the same
at seventeen dollars. Thus it will be seen that
I sold more than my million, which was my
quota upon the basis of supplying fifty millions.
1 did my part of the agreement if others did
not theirs.
In November we sold 2,667,375 feet at
eighteen dollars a thousand, and in Decem-
ber 959,993 feet at eighteen dollars, and from
January 1 to January 15, 1872, sold 266,553
feet at eighteen dollars. Thus the total to that
date was 6,043,571 feet, at an average of $17 54
per thousand. Sales from the fire up to the
15th of January averaged $17 54. I put this
fact against the statement ot the Tnbune that
we were selling at rates from twenty to twenty-
two dollars. Now I wish to give an average
of the sales prior to the fire. Our sales m July,
1871, averaged $15 94; in August, $16 9, ;
in September, $17 16 ; and in October, taking
the whole month through, $17 70 ; only fifty-
four cents more than the average sales ot the
month preceding the fire. _
I have taken this much time on a matter or
a personal nature to settle a question that has
become public, made so by the press of Chi-
cago, who are attempting to make it appear
that exorbitant prices are asked to effect the
passage of this bill. It is used here for that
purpose ; the press of Chicago will not correct
its misrepresentations, and I am therefore
driven to this public correction that justice
may be done to lumber dealers in that city.
Mr. President, having stated the prices of
lumber up to the 15th of January, to meet
and overthrow the allegation that prices were
extortionate, I come now to the telegram from
E. B. Ward, of Detroit, who has contributed
so much to the prosperity of Chicago, building
two large rolling-mills in that city and one
establishment for the manufacture of steel
rails. He also indirectly is a lumberman, and
has telegraphed me that his locality "will fur-
nish fifty million feet, delivered in Chicago
mill run, at fourteen dollars per thousand."
I have another dispatch from Chicago dealers:
" Will sell our portion of lumber to rebuild burnt
district at average prices before the fire, or ten mil-
lion feet at seventeen dollars for the same purpose,
and abate two dollars a thousand on the whole."
I have a dispatch from the firm whose name
seems to have appeared by some means to a
request that this bill be passed, and presented
by the junior Senator from Illinois, dated
Chicago, February 28:
" We will furnish twenty-five million feet mill-run
lumber, if wanted, at seventeen dollars per thou-
sand."
I have shown by different lumbermen their
views of the future price of lumber; and I will
give one or two more, and with that close:
Muskegon, Michigan, February 28,1872.
Hon. T. W. Ferry, United Stales Senate:
Muskegon lumbermen will sell their pro lata
share of fifty million feet of mill-run lumber for
rebuilding the burnt district of Chicago at their
cargo sales last year previous to the lire. Davis &
Mason will contract twenty million feet as above.
L. G. MASON & CO.
Cutler & Savidge, of Spring Lake, Michi-
gan, offer to sell ten million feet the coming
season at fourteen dollars per thousand.
I have thus shown in the judgment of lum-
bermen their view of the market the current
year, and I have entered into this exhibit to
show the fact that from all indications and
from the large quantity of lumber coming into
market in order to save the timber that has
been injured by fire, the prices this year will
rule lower than they did last. There is there-
fore no argument in favor of the passage of
this bill on the ground that this commodity at
least will be higher in the market than it was
last year. I did design, Mr. President, to go
on and read letters from the city of Chicago,
stating that they were unable to express them-
selves in any other way, and giving me the
liberty of reading their letters. In fact I will
read one, and perhaps that is a type of the
rest:
"That on account of the great fires of 1871, there
has been such a greatincrease in the amount of logs
rutin on the lumbering streams whose product is
marketed m Chicago, that to-day any parties who
"wish to use lumber for any purpose whatever can
contract without any difficulty for all the common
lumber, sixteen feet and under, they may want at
sixteen dollars per thousand, the lumber to bo de-
livered after the opening of navigation, in equal
amounts through the months of May, June. July,
August, and September. We can not only buy at
this price, but we shall be very glad to sell at this
price. Such being the facts, wo fail to seo any rea-
son in Mr. Logan's statement th,it unlets the relief
bill was Passed .speculators (i. e. lumber manufac-
turers) wi 1 be allowed to make enormous profits
through Chicago s immediate necessities. Many of
the largest and best informed lumber manufacturer#
