1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3595
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
understood the Senator from Massachusetts
as making a motion to take up the school bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Dolunderstandthatthere
is an agreement or understanding? If there
is, I retire at. once.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is informed that there was an understanding
that tlie Army appropriation bill should be
considered to-day.
Mr. SUMNER. I am informed it has been
violated. But, sir, I see the school bill has
no chance. I wish it were a railroad bill.
[Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair,
then, will recognize the Senator from Louisiana.
Mr. WEST. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1541.
Mr. CALDWELL. I was going to appeal
to the Senator from Louisiana to give way to
me for about five minutes to allow me to
take up Senate bill No. 480, a bill of only four
lines. I do not think it will elicit any discus-
sion. I know it can be passed in five minutes
if he will permit me to take it up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That can
only be done by unanimous consent.
Mr. CALDWELL.. If it gives rise to any
debate I will withdraw the bill.
Mr. WEST. I cannot give way now. Let
the appropriation bill be taken up first.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Louisiana to proceed to the consideration of
the Army appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
courts in kansas.
Mr. CALDWELL. I now ask permission
to take up Senate bill No. 480. I think it can
be disposed of in five minutes, and I hope
there will be no objection.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President 
Mr. CONKLING. If I may be allowed to
appeal to the Senate for one moment, this is
a little bill fixing the term of a court, and it
will take but a moment. Nobody wants to
debate it. It can be voted upon one way or
the other in a moment.
Mr. COLE. I did not understand what it
was, and did not rise to object, but to make a
motion distinct from that.
Mr. CALDWELL. It is a mere local matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill at this
time.
There being no objection, the bill (S. No.
480) concerning the circuit and district courts
of the United States for the district of Kansas
was considered by the Senate as in Committee
of the Whole. It provides that from and after
its passage the May term of the circuit court
and the October term of the district court of
the United States for the district of Kansas
shall be commenced and held at the city of
Leavenworth, Kansas.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
formication bill.
Mr. COLE, from the Committee on Appro-
priations, to whom was referred the bill (H.
K. No. 1G71) making appropriations for the
construction, preservation, and repairs of cer-
tain fortifications and other works of defense,
reported it without amendment.
bills introduced.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, asked, and by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 1120) to authorize special
sessions of the circuit court; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1121J for the relief of Cornelius H. Forbes;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WINDOM asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1122) granting the right of way to the
Utah, Idaho, and Montana Railroad Com-
pany ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and or-
dered to be printed."
miami indian reservation.
On motion of Mr. HARLAN, the Senate
proceeded to consider its amend ments to the bill
(H. R. No. 183) to authorize the Secretary of
the Interior to make partition of the reserva-
tion of Me shin-go-roe-sia a Miami Indian, dis-
agreed to by the House of Representatives;
and
On motion by Mr. HARLAN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist on its amend-
ments disagreed to by the House of Representatives,
and agree to the conference asked by the House on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the
Senate be appointed by the Vice President.
land titles in iowa.
Mr. ANTHONY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate passed the bill (S.
No. 986) to settle land titles in the State of
of Iowa; and the motion was entered.
proposed recess.
Mr. COLE. I move that at half past four
o'clock to-day the Senate take a recess until
half past seven o'clock. ["No!" "No!"]
I will state that this is Friday, and there will
be a disposition to-morrow not to have an
evening session. I hope, therefore, we shall
have an evening session to-night, during which
I hope we can finish up the Army appropria-
tion bill, and another appropriation bill, to wit,
the fortification bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from California asks unanimous consent 
Mr. SPENCER. I object to giving unani-
mous consent if that is necessary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
is made.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is in order to move a
recess under the new rule at any time.
Mr. CONKLING. Of course it is in order
to make the motion, and it is not debatable;
but 1 hope the Senator will withdraw it for one
moment, while I suggest to him that if it be
the pleasure of the Senate without a recess to
sit later than usual, he will accomplish his
purpose in that way. I judge from what I
hear among Senators around me they prefer
to sit here a little later this afternoon rather
than have a recess and come back to-night.
Mr. COLE. I am entirely disposed to con-
sult the convenience of the Senate. I do not
wish to do anything distasteful to them in
reference to this matter of an adjournment or
of taking a recess. I merely desire an expres-
sion of their wishes on the subject, and 1 sup-
pose that can be ascertained by a simple vote
on the question whether they will take a recess
or not. If that is not accorded I presume
they will continue in session until live o'clock
or later.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I ask the Sen-
ator how long it will take to pass the bill ?
Mr. COLE. I think not more than au hour,
probably.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Then I suggest
to the Senator that we go on until five o'clock,
and then he can make his motion, if neces-
sary.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Calitornia make amotion?
Mr. COLE. I think we can reach the result
as well by taking the question on my motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator i'rom
California.
Mr. MORRILL,-of Maine. I think the Sen-
ate at this late period will do but justice to
itself and to the country if it follows the desires
of the chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations and stands by him until this bill shall
be finished.
Mr. CASSERLY. As other Senators have
spoken on this subject, I wish to say a word.
I have attended every one of the night sessions
that we have had except one, and I think I
am correct in saying that we have never suc-
ceeded at any of these night sessions in getting
a quorum.
Several Senators. We had a quorum on
the railroad bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. It was not kept even on
the railroad bill. We had to adjourn on that
account, as the Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Stewart] suggests.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will suggest that the motion to take a recess is
not debatable under the new rule.
Mr. CASSERLY. I trust I may be allowed
to say one word.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. CASSERLY. One evening we had
six Senators1 here. That was the evening
when we discussed the postal code. A single
Senator passed every amendment that was
proposed by him by insisting on counting the
Senate unless his amendment was excepted.
What a farce it is to have night sessions upon
such terms! I think it would be much better to
prolong the session to-day for half an hour,
or even more than that, beyond the usual time,
than to come here to-night and have no quo-
rum, and be obliged either to go on without a
quorum or to adjourn at once.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from California,
that the Senate at half past, four o'clock to-day
take a recess until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. WRIGHT. I will inquire if the even-
ing session is to be for general business?
The VICE PRESIDENT; For the same
business that is now pending, unless by the
unanimous order of the Senate it be assigned
for other business.
Mr. WRIGHT. The pending measure is
the Army appropriation bill. Is it the under-
standing of the chairman that anything else
can be taken up ?
Mr. POMEROY. Oh, yes; we can take
up anything.
Mr. COLE. I have another appropriation
bill that I should like to take up in case we
should finish the Army bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Appropriation
bills will be the business for the evening, ac-
cording to the views of the chairman of the
committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. In compliance with the
desire of several Senators, I move to amend
the motion, that we take a recess at five
o'clock until half past seven o'elojk. Then
if we get through before five o'clock we can
adjourn.
Mr. CASSERLY. I hope that amendment
will not be agreed to. That only leaves us two
hours and a half.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is objection to
it, I withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. 'The motion for
a recess is not debatable. This debate has
progressed thus far by unanimous consent.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Do I understand
that the evening session is to be confined to
the appropriation bills?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not confined to
those bills, but that will be the general busi-
ness of the evening, and will come up as the
regular business, like the business of the day's
session.
Mr. MORRILL of Vermont. Isuggest to my
friend from California to go on with the Army
appropriation bill and see if we cannot finish
it this afternoon, so as to avoid any necessity
for an evening session. I think we may be
able to finish it in the course of an hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California withdraw the motion ?
Mr. COLE. I might as well withdraw it,
