1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
II
any objection to having the resolution re-
ferred?
Mr. DAWES. I do not object to its being
referred.
Mr. BECK. Let it be referred.
The SPEAKER. To a select committee?
Mr. MA YNARD. I suggest that the proper
reference would be to the joint committee on
thecondition of the late insurrectionary States.
The SPEAKER. That would be the ap-
propriate reference. If there be no objection
the resolution will be so referred.
There being no objection, the resolution
was referred to the joint committee on the
condition of the late insurrectionary States.
personal security in kentucky.
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire to offer the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of theUnited States
be, and he is hereby, requested to communicate to
tliib House any information he may have relative to
the security of life, person, and property in the State
of Kentucky.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for
executive information, unanimous consent is
necessary for its consideration on this day.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask that the resolu-
tion may be referred to the joint committee on
thecondition of the late insurrectionary States.
There being no objection, the resolution was
so referred.
clerk to judiciary committee.
Mr. BINQ-HAM, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
authorized to appoint a clerk for the remainder of
this Congress, with the same compensation he re-
ceived in the last Congress.
repeal 01? lncome tax.
Mr. KETCHAM, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. E. No. 441) to repeal
the income tax; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
relinquishment oe title to lands.
Mr. SHELDON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 442) to relin-
quish the title of the United States to certain
lands in the State ot' Louisiana; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
payment for cotton.
Mr. SHELDON, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 443) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
the owners the proceeds of certain cotton,
seized in violation of instructions from the
Treasury Department; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
mississippi valley lev kb company,
Mr. SHELDON, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 444) to incorpo-
rate the Mississippi Valley Levee Company,
and for other purposes ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Railways and Canals, and ordered to be
printed.
charles w. whitney.
Mr. ARCHER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 445) for the relief of
Charles W. Whitney; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
port op chester, pennsylvania.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, by
unanimous consent, introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 446) to abolish the office of surveyor at
the port of Chester, Pennsylvania, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
war oe 1812.
Mr. STRONG-, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 447) in alteration
of an act granting pensions to soldiers and
sailors of the war of 1812, and the widows of
deceased soldiers ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812, and
ordered to be printed.
bounty lands.
Mr. DUELL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No, 448) granting bounty
lands to all honorably discharged soldiers ami
sailors who were mustered into the service of
the United States in the war commenced in
18G1 for the suppression of the rebellion;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
navigation and commercial interests.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 449) to revive the
navigation and commercial interests of the
United States, which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
resumption of specie payments.
Mr. LYNCH, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 450) to provide
for the resumption of specie payments ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Banking and Currency, and
ordered to be printed.
equalization of salaries.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona, by unani-
mous consen', introduced a bill (H. R-. No.
451) to equalize and fix the salaries of the
Governors and secretaries of the Territories
of the United States of America; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Territories, and ordered to
be printed.
bounty lands.
Mr. MANSON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 452) to grant
bounty lands to the soldiers who served in the
late war to suppress the rebellion, and to the
widows and children of such as are dead;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
pay 01' government t.arorers, etc.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 47) in
relation to pay of laborers, workmen, and
mechanics employed by or on behalf of the
Government of the United States; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. DAWES, lask unanimous consent that
the joint resolution be put upon its passage.
The SPEAKER. The joint resolution will
be rear! for information, after which objec-
tions, if any, will be in order.
The joint resolution was read as follows :
Resolved by the Senate and House, of Representatives
of the United States of America in Congressovjembfad,
That the proper accounting officers be and hereby
are authorized and directed, in the settlement of all
accounts for the services of laborers, workmen, and
mechanics employed by or on behalf of the Govern -
ment of the United States, between the 25th day of
June, 1868, the date of the act constituting eight
hours a day's work for all such laborers, workmen,
and mechanics, and the 19th day of May, 1869, the
date of the proclamation of the President concern-
ing such pay, to settle and pay for the same without
reduction on account of reduction of hours of labor
by said act; and a sufficient sum for said purpose
is hereby appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, I will, with the
leave of the House, state the occasion for this
resolution. On the passage of the act of Con-
gress, making eight hoars a day's work for
mechanics and laborers, some of the super-
intendents of public works construed it as
authorizing them to cut down, in propor-
tion, the wages of the workmen, so that their
pay was at once reduced two tenths, or one
fifth. When this was brought to his notice, the
President, by a proclamation, directed the pay
to be made according to the manifest intent of
the law, the same as if that, law had "notpassed.
But some of them had received this pay during
all the time, so that a portion of them received
at one rate and a portion at another. After
this proclamation was issued, the general law
put upon the appropriation bill, prohibiting the
taking; of appropriations for any one year and
settling such accounts, prevented the settle-
ment of these accounts in accordance with the
President's proclamation. Hence the neces-
sity for this joint resolution.
There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time : and being engrossed, it was accord-
ingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
committee for the district.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to sub-
mit to the House a question which somewhat
embarrasses him. The law reorganizing the
government of the District of Columbia pro-
vided that the Delegate from the District of
Columbia should be a member of the Commit-
tee for the District of Columbia. The Chair
is governed by the rules of the House, which
are made under an express provision of the
Constitution of the United States giving to
each House the right to make its own rules;
and the rules of the House provide that the
Committee for the District of Columbia shall
consist of nine members of the House. Look-
ing at the duties laid on the Chair by the rale
he has referred to under the Constitution, he
did not feel at liberty to constitute the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia of ten
members ; and it becomes necessary, as be-
tween the law, which seemed to change the
rule of the House, and between the rule of the
House as it stands, for the House to determine
what course shall be taken. If the Delegate
from the District of Columbia is to be present
with the committee merely in an advisory
capacity, the committee, under the law of
courtesy, would no doubt like to have him
there. But if he is to be a voting member his
function would be a much larger one, and
larger tbau ever was accorded before to a Del-
egate on this floor. Under the circumstances
the Chair has not announced the Delegate
from the District of Columbia as a member of
the committee, and he will wait the instruc-
tions of the House as to what should be done
in the premises.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules of the
House be so suspended as to allow the ap-
pointment by the Speaker of the Delegate from
the District of Columbia as a member of the
Committee for the District.
Mr. WOOD. It appears to me that this is
a very similar question to that presented by
the Delegate from Colorado, [Mr. Chaffee,]
and that it is a proper question to go to the
Committee on the Rules. I propose that it
shall take that course.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Wood] proposes that the question
be referred to the Committee on the Rules. If
there be no objection, it will be so referred.
There was no objection.
delegates present.
The SPEAKER. In calling the list of
members this morning, the names of the Dele-
gates were omitted. They will now be called.
The roll was called; and the following Dele-
gates answered to their names:
Utah—William H. Hooper.
Washington—Selucius Garfielde.
Colorado—Jerome B. Chaffee.
Dakota—Moses K. Armstrong.
Arizona—Richard C. McCormick.
Idaho—Samuel A. Merritt.
