1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2699
that this company did agree that it would not
by this project injure the city of San Francisco.
It did not wish to spoil the harbor for railroad
purposes Oh, no!
What the citizens of San Francisco appre-
hend is, that this scheme may be the means
of building up a rival city, thereby ruining
San Francisco to a very large extent, besides
demoralizing the country by this peculiar sys-
tem of land grants and land grabbing, as to
which both parties, in the last election in Cali-
fornia, gave an unequivocal vote.
When this subject was under discussion
three weeks ago, I made this point with refer-
ence to the Pacific Mail Steamship Company
and the Panama Railroad Company, both seek-
ing subsidies : that there was a contract made
between the overland Pacific railroad and the
Pacific Mail Steamship Company, whereby all
products coming from Asia should be carried
over this pet railroad, and no other; that they
could not go by the Panama road, or any other
possible competitive route. By that contract,
which affected every transaction in China or
Japan, before the goods got to the Pacific
coast on this side they were ordered to but
one route, the overland railroad. $ince that
time these speculators, these schemers, have
bought up the Panama railroad. They have
plugged up the Isthmus! There is no more
competition. Therefore your teas and your
silks will be higher in price by reason of the
higher cost of transportation, because these
men get their subsidies and their land grants
from Congress. They can afford to buy up in
one gambling speculation a railroad like that
at Panama. I should like to see all competi-
tion possible. Before I will give my vote for
any bill of this character, or for any grant of
lands or money from this Government whereby
these favored corporations can raise the price
of teas or other commodities at their pleasure
and at our double expense, I will be glad 
[Here the hammer fell.3
Mr. WHEELER. I will now yield for ten
minutes to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Wood.]
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, my colleague,
the chairman of the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, in the remarks he submitted when
this substitute was first read, stated he had so
modified or changed the bill as to meet every
possible objection urged against the measure
as originally introduced.
Mr. WHEELER. I said every reasonable,
and not every possible objection.
Mr. WOOD. We are left, then, to determine
what is reasonable. I will show he has not in
any way obviated the fundamental objection
to this bill, and that is involved in the Con-
gress of the United States deliberately parting
with the property of the people of the United
States for no compensation whatever. This
substitute is objectionable in every aspect in
which we may view it. Indeed, in ray judg-
ment, it goes further than the original bill. It
provides that the President may appoint three
commissioners who shall determine the amount
to be paid for the continuous aud never-ending
use of this island. It is, in that regard, more
objectionable than the original proposition.
Cut, sir, I desire to have read the proceedings
of the citizens of San Francisco, which, in my
judgment, should have some influence in this
House on a question of this character. They
have never been presented to the House, but
by so.me secret malign influence have been so
far kept from the public. They are the pro-
ceedings of the meeting held in San Francisco
in reference to this measure, and I ask that
they be read as a part of my remarks.
The Clerk read as follows:
"San Francisco, April 18.
"The excitement over the Yerba Buena or Goat
Island question is increasing. A committee of one
hundred was formed to-day, embracing leading citi-
zens of San Francisco in every department of busi-
ness, to defend the interests of commerce and the
city.
1 The committee elected the following officers:
"President, Hon. William Alvord, mayor of the
city: first vice president, R. (}. Sneath; second, John
S. Hager; secretary, Alfred Wheeler; treasurer, D.
J. Tallant.
" Themeeting unanimously adopted the following
resolutions:
" Whereas the Central Western and Southern
Pacific Railroad Companies have received enormous
grants of land and subsidies in bonds and money
trom the Federal Government, from the State of
California, various counties of the State, and from
the city of San Francisco, which grants and subsi-
dies were more than sufficient for the entire con-
struction and equipment of said roads; and whereas
this State and city have given said railroads large
subsidies and valuable grants of land within this
city, with the intention and understanding that said
roads would make their western termini within the
city of San Francisco, and upon the tract of land
granted for that purpose in Mission bay; and
whereas said companies have obtained large grants
of land on the opposite side of the bay in front of
Oakland, and have directed the entire railroad sys-
tem of the above lines and all the railroads of this
coast toward said last-mentioned point, in disregard
of the conditions of said compact; and whereas said
companies have been, and are now, making stren-
uous efforts to obtain from the Federal Government
a grant or lease of Goat Island, lying in the Bay-of
San Francisco, midway between this city and the
Oakland shore, for the purpose of the terminus of all
the lines aforesaid, in spite of and against the ex-
pressed wishes of this city, and in defiance of dam-
age and danger to the commercial interests of this
port, as conclusively demonstrated by the scientific
investigations and judgment of eminent engineers:
Therefore.
"Resolved, That the city of San Francisco has a
right to expect, and does expect, from said railroad
companies a strict compliance with the terms, con-
ditions, and compacts made by said companies, to
wit, the actual and immediate location of the term-
inus of said roads, now merged into one owner-
ship, upon the sixty acres of land in Mission bay, in
this city, and the actual and immediate abandon-
ment on the part of the railroad companies of any
construction or proceeding having in view the fixing
of such terminus at any other point whatever.
"Resolved, That the citizens of San Francisco
believe that said companies should withdraw from
Congress immediately all demand or request for the
grant, lease, or privilege of using and connecting
said roads with Goat Island, and cease the further
construction of wharves, piers, and slips in the chan-
nel of the bay at the terminus of their present Oak-
land wharf or elsewhere.
"Resolved, That, incase the companies shall de-
cline, refuso, or omit to comply with this reasonable
request, it is the right, duty, and purpose of the cit-
izens of San Francisco to take all lawfnl measures
for maintaining their rights in the premises and
prevent said wrongful acts of said companies.
'' Resolved, That if the city of San Francisco should
be compelled to resort to legal tribunals to assert and
maintain her rights as against said companies, it
would bo proper and just that the grants and subsi-
dies conditionally made to said railroads should be
annulled and set aside.
"Resolved, That it is to the interest of San Fran-
cisco and said companies that there should be com-
plete accord and harmony of action between them,
and that, to facilitate and aid the requirements of
commerce, this city should not be, and will not be,
governed by any hostile, unfriendly feeling toward
said companies, but should continue to be liberal and
accommodating, only demanding in return on the
part of said companies the same prompt, exact com-
pliance with agreements as would be demanded of
and accorded by thio city.
"Resolved, That it eminently concerns the whole
Pacific coast, and especially the city of San Fran-
cisco. that another railroad connecting the Atlantic
with the Pacific, traversing a route free from danger
of obstruction and delay by the severities of winter,
and having its terminus at San Francisco, should be
constructed as soon as possible; that this oity and
the adjoining counties should contribute liberally in
aid of such enterprise.
" Resolved, That the executive committee of this
association be instructed to act upon and carry out
the spirit of these resolutions, and take such meas-
ures in so doing as in their judgment may be most
efficient.
"Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions be sent
to Lei and Stanford, and to every member of Con-
gress. to the mayor of St. Louis, and to the presi-
dent of the Atlantic and Pacific Hailroad Com-
pany."
Mr. WOOD. Mr. Speaker, this meeting at
which these resolutions were passed was sub-
sequent to the action of the Chamber of Com-
merce and of the board of supervisors and
the repeated expression of opposition by the
press of the entire Pacific coast, who are alike
interested, whether in California or in Oregon,
in preserving the integrity of the harbor of
San Francisco. There is one significant res-
olution passed at a subsequent meeting of cit-
izens which I will read. It is as follows:
"Resolved, That we look with confidence and
pride to our Senators, Cole and Oasserly, in this
emergency, to ward off the calamity that has start-
led us with its audacious and reckless disregard of
our rights and interests, and we bow our heads in
shame at the action of our members of the House,
recently loaded with honors by a confiding constit-
uency. Truly there 1 is nothing so unkind as base
ingratitude.'"
Mr. SARGENT. The same resolution was
offered in the Legislature and voted down by
a two thirds vote.
Mr. WHEELER. I yield fifteen minutes
to the gentleman from California, [Mr. Cogh-
lam. ]
Mr. COGHLAN. It has been urged by
the gentleman from New York in front of the
Chair, [Mr. Cox,] and also by the gentleman
from New York who spoke last, [Mr. Wood,]
that the State of California is not properly
represented on this question by the members
from that State on this floor. I defy either of
those gentlemen, or any member of this House,
or any opponent of this bill, to show a single
tangible objection to the passage of this bill.
It is very easy for gentlemen to cry out that
this is a land grant or that it is a subsidy.
They evidently find it very hard, in the face
of the facts of the case, to show that it is
either. It is very easy to say that this will
injure the city of San Francisco; but if any
gentleman on this floor, or anywhere else, can
show any reason why the city of San Fran-
cisco will not be benefited by this very bill,
then I myself will vote against it and do what
I can to defeat it.
Every objection which has been raised either
in San Francisco or on this floor against this
bill, except the false and meaningless cry that
we are aiding a railroad, is answered and
refuted by the bill itself. No man can truly
claim that this is in any sense either a land
grant or a subsidy ; for in the first place Goat
Island is not in any sense public lands in the
common acceptation of that term. It cannot
be settled upon as a homestead nor entered
under preemption laws. It is reserved by the
Government for military purposes, and its
whole value to the people of the United States
depends upon retaining it for that purpose;
and if from this bill we derive an additional
benefit from it without impairing its usefulness
as a defensive position,' then the people are
that much the gainer. Nor does the Govern-
ment part with its control over the whole island.
This bill grants the use of one half—not the
land—but the use of one half so long as the
company uses ii for railroad purposes exclu-
sively, and with the further proviso that the
Government may take possession of the whole
island in time of war, or even in anticipation
of war.
But even this privilege is in no sense a sub-
sidy or gift to the railroad. The President
must appoint three commissioners, who shall
act as a court to go upon the ground and hear
the evidence, and then decide upon the value
of the use of the island ; and the company
must pay this value to the last cent before
they take the benefits of this bill. Therefore, I
say it is in 110 sense a subsidy nor a free gift.
Now, I ask in all conscience if this island can
be made to serve two great public purposes—
a defense to the harbor and also become the
western terminus of the whole great system
of continental railways—why should it not be
used for both purposes. " Because," pay gen-
tlemen, "it will injure the harbor of San
Francisco if a bridge is made from Oakland
to the island."
I want the attention of the gentleman from
New York who spoke last to the fact that the
president of the Chamber of Commerce of San
Francisco, the mayor of San Francisco, and
several other prominent citizens addressed a
note to the chief engineer of the United States
on that coast, to General B. S. Alexander,
United States engineer; Professor George
Davidson, United States engineer; Colonel
George H. Mendell, United States engineer;
Colonel C. S. Stewart, United States engineer ;
and Captain A. F. Rodgers, United States Coast
Survey, all of them gentlemen whose names
have heretofore been mentioned in the debates
of this House. They asked these engineers
