1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1863
are firmly of the opinion that Chicago during the
present year, 187*2, will receive from thirteen to
fifteen hundred million feet, while the largest
amount ever received in one year was one thousand
ami eighteen million feet, the receipts for 1870, and
therefore they believe that after the opening of
navigation the average price of lumber during the
season of navigation will be less than the average
price of lumber brought here from the commence-
ment of 1871 to October 8, the time of the fire.
" The opinion is almost universal among lumber
dealers and manufacturers (and we have yetto hear
of the first exception) that the receipts of lumber in
Chicago for 1872 will be at the very least calculation
from twelve hundred to twelve hundred and fifty
million feet, while the receipts for 1871 were one
thousand and five million feet; in other words, that
the minimum increase in our lumber receipts will
be from twenty-five to thirty percent., which is so
large an increase as to make the idea that extor-
tionate prices will be exacted from Chicago consum-
ers simply absurd.
" On what principle of,iustice or common sense
the lumber-producuiginterest of Michigan and Wis-
consin is thus selected out and mado to contribute
thus largely to the rebuilding of Chicago we confess
we fail to see, and to use the mildest expression, we
can only characterize it as an outrage upon every
sentiment of justice, and as coming with exceed-
ingly bad grace from the representatives of a city
whose impecunious people on one day last week
subscribed S15.000 tor the commendable and lauda-
ble purpose ot enjoying three nights of opera in the
Globe Theater oi this city.
" We cordially approve a direct appropriation of a
reasonable amount of money to Chicago^ as a meas-
ure which would have at least the merit of equity
and fairness to those thus contributing, but as for
the passage of the relief bill, which has been the
subject of so much discussion, and whose practical
enforcement would inevitably make such unjust
and injurious discriminations, we sincerely hope
that you will continue to oppose it with all the
influence you can honorably bring to bear upon it,"
That is from the city of Chicago. Now I
desire to read a letter from the firm of Phillips
& Brown of the same city, one of the firms who
signed a petition for the passage of the bill
presented by the Senator from Illinois:
" Dear Sir: I have seen the petition forwarded to
Congress from Chicago by a few of the lumber man-
ufacturers residing in that city, praying for the pas-
sage of the Chicago relief bill, so called, and as my
name appears in connection with my partner, Mr.
Phillips, I desire to enter my individual protest.
*' 1 ain confident that two thirds, if not all the
signers, prefer that the bill shall not pass; and
several of those who signed the petition so expressed
themselves to me in Chicago on Friday last.
" If General Logan knew how the intelligent por-
tions of the Illinois people look upon the bill he
would not press it with so much ability. I have
failed to find an intelligent man that thinks the bill
should pass because the principles involved are cor-
rect. The most of those who are in favor of it sym-
pathize with Chicago and believe that Chicago is as
much entitled to the aid by repeal of duties as was
Portland; but two wrongs does not make a right."
With one more letter I will cease reading.
"Our papers in Chicago, even including the Jour-
nal, are trying to coerce and intimidate opposition
into its support. I need not add any argument to
your exhaustive objections already urged against
said bill. It there is anything that will make our
'Chicago fire' and 'our great affliction' a stench
in the nostrils of the world, it is this senseless beg-
ging for rebates in the name of charity.
"But I will suggest an idea to you that will ex-
plain the loud cry and begging of our newspaper
corporations for the passage of this bill. You well
know that they are rich concerns, owned by our
richest men, and they all contemplate large build-
ing operations the coming summer, and if this bill
goes through they will save largely on imported
plate glass and fine hardware. And in fact it is
this very class of rich men who alone will be ben-
efited by this rebate. The amount going to a poor
man who builds a small house is so small that his
counsel fees would oat itali up. It is a mischievous
bill in any way you please to look at it."
I have cited these as indicative of the senti-
ments of gentlemen who have been unable
to express themselves in any other way than
by sending letters here to my colleague and
mvself, and .1 have deemed it my duty to
thus utter their views in this manner as there
was no other way of presenting them.
Now I come back to the question involved,
and that is the practical effect of this measure
on Wisconsin and Michigan. Now Chicago
thrives because the country prospers. ^ Chi-
cago thrives because Michigan and Wiscon-
sin prosper and because other surrounding
States prosper. Aside from the manufac-
turers, the artisans and laborers, the citizens
of Chicago make their capital largely out of
the products and industry of others, and
depend for their prosperity and riches on the
prosperity of the country. The wider the
land that contributes to Chicago the more
rapidly will be her rehabilitation. It is be-
cause of this that I would direct the attention
of the Senate to those burnt hamlets, those
many towns, those many buildings, those poor
who have been swept of houses and occupa-
tion, of all they possessed, by fires in Michi-
gan. I would also add thatt Michigan has been
trying to relieve herself. The moment she
saw she could, her Governor announced that
she wished no more relief, that she could take
care of herself. I have here a letter from
Manistee, the place in Michigan that suffered,
perhaps, more than any other, and to give a
little idea of the suffering there, I will read a
petition received, with the signatures of those
"attached, and its statement of the amount
manufactured by them, and their losses by fire
respectively in October last:
To the United States Senate and
House of Representatives:
We, the undersigned, lumber manufacturers of
Manistee, Michigan, do most respectfully protest
against tne passage of the so-called Chicago relief
bill, for the following reasons:
First. That we deem it unjust to legislate for one
section of the country at the expense and to the
detriment of any other section.
Sccond. That all our interests here are dependent
entirely upon lumber for their support; andthatour
city and property-holders have suffered more in pro-
portion than Chicago by the great fires of October
last.
Name of firm. ^byfire
felt 0) October.
Tyson k Robinson 30,000,000 $25,000
Magill & Canficld lO.fXROOO 22,000
John Canfield 14,000,000 30.000
Filer & Sons 14.000.000 10.0(H)
fi-reen & Wilson 14,000,000 80.000
Gifford & Ruddock 20,000,000 50.000
R. Cr. JPeters & Co 12,000.000 15,000
Engelman & Sellwig 12,000,000 1,000
Charles Bietz & Brothers..25,000,000
Taggart & Thayer 13,000,000
Louis Sands   9,000,000
Showing a loss by ten lumbering concerns
of $285,000.
These men give to the world the amount in
proportion of their loss, and appeal to Con-
gress that in relieving the Chicago sufferers it
do not strike down their efforts to recuperate
themselves. I feel as their representative in
part, and I think other Senators will feel, that
they have rights and sufferings I hat are worthy
of the attention of Congress. Why, sir, what
does Michigan do, and what has she done for
Chicago and States of the U nion ? She furnishes
two thousand million feet of lumber a year.
She furnishes a million tons of iron ore, one
third of all the iron smelted in the United
States; a hundred thousand tons of pig iron,
being sixty per cent, of the product of the
nation. She furnishes fourteen thousand tons
of copper, supplying two thirds of all the cop-
per mined in the United States. Her saltpro-
ductof seven hundredthousand barrels mostly
goe3 into the city of Chicago for western use.
Her plaster is used for the enrichment of the
prairies of Illinois and other western States,
and her ground plaster decorates the walls of
your city mansions. Her fruit product last
year was over a million dollars. Her cereals
include the finest wheat raised in the United
States. Her fisheries are of great value. Her
commerce and manufactures all contribute
largely to the growth of the city of Chicago.
It is her market of sale and her market lor
purchase. Largely of her goods are purchased
there, and when the Senators from Illinois
contend that Chicago should be reerected at
the expense of other places, let it be remem-
bered that Michigan contributes largely to the
growth of Chicago and is entitled to the con-
sideration of the representatives of that city.
She pours into the coffers of that city; she
helps to support and enrich her; and she is
entitled in return to just and reciprocal con-
sideratio n.
I trust, therefore, that this measure will not
pass, and that the amendment I have offered,
providing upon the basis of the Portland pre-
cedent that $400,000 shall be appropriated for
the relief of the sufferers in Chicago, will pre-
vail. Since the mayor of Chicago has alluded
to the support afforded the Republic in its
great national straggle by the State of Illinois,
1 will say in behalt of my own State that she
cheerfully sent one twelfth of her population
for the defense of the country and sacrificed
one eighth of those sent for the life of the nation,
while Illinois sacrificed hardly one tenth of
those she sent. Michigan is entitled to con-
sideration on that account. It should be re-
membered that under the shades of her oaks
was organized the very party that gives this
Congress its majority. There it was baptized.
There the banner of the Republican party was
first thrown to the breeze. Wisconsin, the
very State that now stands shoulder to shoulder
with Michigan in the advocacy of this amend-
ment, followed in the wake. So, upon every
principle of interest, of duty, of love of coun-
try and fealty to the nation in her extremity,
and in justice, I ask that Michigan shall be
fairly treated, and that the trade and commerce
of the country shall not be disturbed by the
passage of the bill as reported by the com-
mittee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The question is on the
amendment offered by the Senator from Michi-
gan to the amendment of the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I ask for the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
'Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. On this
question I have paired with the Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Morkim,.] I am opposed to this
bill and he is for it; but upon this particular
question I suppose we should both vote "no."
1 do not know exactly what to do about this,
for I am opposed to this amendment as well
as the bill; and he would be opposed to it as
he is in favor of the bill. Under the circum-
stances I hardly know what to do. I prefer
not to vote at all.
Mr. SCOTT. On this question I am paired
with the Senator from Nebraska, [Mi-. Hitch-
cook.] 1 would vote for this amendment, and
he, if present, would vote against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 2S; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Blair,Carpenter, Chand-
ler, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Cragin, Ferry ot Mich-
igan, Erolmghuysen, Hamilton of Texas, Howe,
Johnston, and Morriil of Vermont—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Boreman. Caldwell, Cooper,Fen-
ton, Goldthwaite, Ivellogs, Kelly, Logan, Norwood,
Nye. Osborn, Pomeroy, Rice, Saulsbury, Sawyer,
Schurz. Sherman, Stevenson, Trumbull, Vickers,
West, Witidom, and Wright—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bayard, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Casserly, Clayton, Davis
of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Edmunds,
Perry ot Connecticut, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton
of Maryland, Hamlin, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock,
Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Morton, Patterson, Pool,
Pratt, Ramsey, Robertson, Scott, Spencer, Spragua,
Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman, Tipton, ana
Wilson—36.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. POMEROY. I only want to occupy
the attention of the Senate for two or three
minute3 on the feature of the case which has
been discussed for the past hour. It is no
Chicago question at all ; it is a question inter-
esting to the whole Northwest. It is said to
be a question whether lumber shall be cheap
in Chicago. We have had two hours' discus-
sion on that subject. But if it is to _ be cheap
in Chicago, a great many people will be glad
of it. The people of Chicago are not the only
nor the chief parties that purchases lumber m
Chicago. Not one tenth of the lumber bought
iu Chicago is bought for theiruse there. Chi-
cago regulates the price of lumber in St. Louis
and all up and down the^ Missouri river, m
Kansas, and everywhere in the Northwest.
This giving a drawback of the duties on fifty
million feet used in Chicago is not a drop in
the bucket. It will not affect the price ot
lumber two bits in a thousand. Millions on
millions of feet are sold in Chicago, but not
to Chicago people.
