12
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 4,
The SPEAKER. The Delegate from the
District of Columbia and the Delegate from
Montana have already been at the bar of the
House, and their names are presented on the
Journal. They have not, therefore,been called
now.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE BUNDS.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 453) for the bet-
ter security of agricultural college funds ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Education and Labor.
POST-KOUTE BILLS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee. I ask unani-
mous consent to introduce a bill for the estab-
lishment of a post route.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will inform
the gentleman from Tennessee that bills for
the establishment of post routes can be intro-
duced at the Clerk's desk,just as petitions are
presented.
STURGEON BAY AND LAKE MICHIGAN CANAL.
Mr. SAWYER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution (H. R. No. 48)
extending the time for the completion of the
Sturgeon Bay and Lake Michigan ship-canal;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
Mr. RANDALL. Can that joint resolution
be brought back by a motion to reconsider ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will consider
that it cannot be brought back by a motion to
reconsider.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House take
a recess for half an hour.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly,
(at five minutes past one o'clock, p. m.,) the
House took a recess.
After the recess, (at one o'clock and thirty-
five minutes, p. m.,) the House resumed its
session.
COMMITTEE TO WAIT ON THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The committee
appointed to wait on the President, to inform
him that the two Houses are ready to receive
any communication that he may have to make,
have discharged that duty, and the President
directed them to report to the House that lie
is ready immediately to communicate to the
House a message in writing.
PRESIDENT'S ANNUAL MESSAGE.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Horace
Porter, liis Private Secretary.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
annual message of the President, which was
read. [See Senate proceedings.]
Mr. DAWES. I move that the message be
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union and printed for the use of
the members ; and that it be printed but once
in the Globe. I will then make a motion to
print extra copies.
Mr. BANKS. I ask my colleague to allow
me to offer a resolution with reference to the
printing of the message, to which I think he
will not object. It is for the convenience of
the House.
Mr. DAWES. I will hear it read.
The Clerk read the resolution as follows :
Resolved, That the Public Printer be directed to
furnish to the House without delay, in a separate
form, the several reports of the heads of Depart-
ments referred to in the message of the President.
The SPEAKER. That does not conflict
with the motion of the gentleman's colleague,
[Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. BANKS. Not at all.
Mr. DAWES. Let my motion be first dis-
posed of, and my colleague can then offer his
resolution. My motion provides that the mes-
sage shall be printed but once in the Globe.
It has been the custom to repeat it in the
Globe. .
Mr. Dawes's motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that twenty
thousand extra copies be printed.
The motion was referred, under the law, to
the Committee on Printing.
Mr. BANKS. I now offer my resolution
which has been read, but modified so as to
include the message as well as the reports.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
taxation.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to offer the
resolutions which I send to the Clerk's desk,
and I ask that they may be referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means. I did intend
to ask the favor of the House to allow me to
explain somewhat the resolutions in ten or fif-
teen minutes, but at this hour I forbear to do
so, with the expectation that the subject will
be before us before long, and that an ample
opportunity will be afforded to discnss fully
the important propositions which I present.
The Clerk read the resolutions as follows:
Resolved, That with a view to establish a more
equitable system of taxation, and a greater economy
in the collection of the internal revenue, the Con-
stitution of the United States should be so amended
as that all direct taxes shall be assessed on the basis
of wealth instead of population, and the amount
required by the Federal Government apportioned
among the States accordingly, and each State left
free to assess, eollefct, and pay over the amount so
required of it through its own officers in such man-
ner as the State authorities may see fit to adopt.
Jiesolved further, That in the readjustment of the
tariff, with a view as well to equalize its burdens
and its benefits among all classes of the people, as
to simplify and give permanence and stability to the
system, and to reduce the expensesof collecting the
customs, a bill should be reported providing, first,
that but one rate of duty shall be imposed upon all
duty-paying articles imported, thereby giviug to
every department of American labor an equality of
protection to the extent of the duty; second, a
schedule of articles, specifically named, to be free
from duties, consisting exclusively of such foreign
products as cannot be profitably produced in the
United States and are absolutely necessary for the
success of American industries; third, the specifi-
cation of a gross or standard sum deemed necessary
to be raised annually by the bill, and requiring the
Secretary of the Treasury, when, at the expiration
of any fiscal year, it shall be found that the gross
receipts are$10,000,0001 ess than said standard amount,
to increase the duties upon all dutiable articles such
per cent, as may be estimated necessary to raise the
annual receipts to such standard sum ; and when, at
the expiration of any fiscal year, it shall be found
that the receipts are $10,000,000 more than such stand-
ard amount, he shall in like manner cause the
duties on all dutiable articles to be reduced such
per cent, as may be estimated necessary to bring
down the annual receipts to the gross sum contem-
plated by the bill.
No objection being made, the resolutions
were received and referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
ANNUAL REPORT OF TREASURY DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the annual report of the
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. DAWES. I move that it be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
The motion was agreed to.
REFUNDING THE PUBLIC DEBT.
Mr. COX. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following preamble and resolution
for consideration at this time :
Whereas it is alleged that the Secretary of the
Treasury, in placing the newly authorized five per
cent, bonds upon the market has, in defiance of
the law creating them, increased the public bonded
debt, and has exceeded the one-half of one per cent,
allowed by the funding act for all expenses in
placing said loan: Therefore
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways andMeans
be directed to investigate the said transaction, and
have power to send for persons and papers, and to
report the amount of such increase of the bonded
debt, if any, the agents employed and paid by him
for the service rendered, all contracts pertaining to
the same, and the sums paid said agents.
The question being on agreeing to the pre-
amble and resolution,
Mr. DAWES and Mr. BANKS objected.
Mr. COX. Then I ask that they be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. DAWES. I have no objection to their
reference.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
CURRENCY REPORT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the annual report of
the Comptroller of the Currency, which was
referred to the Committee on Banking and
Currency.
POST OFFICE DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a letter transmit-
ting a detailed statement of the amount re-
quired to be appropriated out of the revenues
of the Department for the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1871, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
ItErORTS OF FOREIGN CLAIMS COMMISSION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
also laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of State informing the House that
the amount appropriated by Congress, S3,000,
for the collation and publication of the reports
of the foreign claims commission, between
the United States and other countries, to be
expended under direction of the Secretary of
State, is insufficient even to pay the expenses
of making copies of the necessary documents:
that the necessities and pressure of the current
public business of the Department have been
and promise to be so great that it is not
deemed judicious and practicable to withdraw
from their duties the number of clerks suffi-
cient to insure the successful completion of
the compilation, and recommending the appro-
priation of $15,000, or so much thereof as may
be necessary, to enable the Department to
employ a competent person to make the com-
pilation, and a sufficient clerical force to make
copies of such papers as may be required.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the communica-
tion just read be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT OP TAX LAWS.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 454) to provide judicial pro-
ceedings in all cases of assessment and collec-
tion of Federal taxes, to prevent seizures of
books, papers, &c., and for the abolition of
moieties and informers ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at two o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
William C. Taber and 103 others, citizens of
New Bedford, Massachusetts, praying for the
prompt repeal of the tax on savings institu-
tions.
Also, the memorial of Eli Wodell, of Fall
River, Massachusetts, praying that a pension
be granted to him.
By Mr. DUBLL: The petition of Delos
McGraw, H. C. Hendrick, C. D. Greenman,
and 62 others, citizens of' McGrawville, Cort-
land county, New York, praying Congress to
grant an invalid pension to Frederick A. Gar-
lick for services in the war of 1861.
By Mr. EAMES: A petition for a special
act of Congress allowing a pension to Sarah
S. Turner, widow of Peter Turner, late com-
modore in the United States Navy.
Also, a petition for a special act of Congress
allowing a pension to Jane D. Mumford.
Also, the petition of Christopher O. Dodge,
to have refunded a sum of money paid by him
as surety into the United States Treasury.
By Mr. MeORAii. Y ; The petition of Russell
Smith, of Earmington, Iowa, praying to be
