1806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar cli 19,
the secretary of the District of Columbia, trans-
mitting four copies of the laws passed at the
first and second special sessions of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the District of Columbia;
which was referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia.
delaware river.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, in relation
to navigation in the Delaware river, &c.; which
■was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
MEXICAN OUTRAGES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent., laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, in relation to alleged
outrages perpetrated by citizens of the repub-
lic of Mexico, or Indians domiciled in Mexican
territory; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
ELECTION CONTEST OlDDtNQS VS. 01,AUK.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
additional testimony in the contested olcciion
case of Giddings vs. Clark, from the third con-
gressional district of the State of Texas ; which
was referred to the Committee of Elections.
ELECTION CONTEST WHITMORE VS. IIEIiNDON.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
additional testimony in the contested-election
case of Whitmore vs. Herndon, from the first
congressional district of the State of Texas ;
■which was referred to the Committee of Elec-
tions.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and fonnd truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (II. R. No. 021) granting a pension
to Elizabeth H. Morgan ;
An act (H. R. No. 1058) granting a pension
to Margaret Coggins, widow of Philip Coggins;
An act (II. R. No. 1200) granting a pension
to George St. Louis; and
An act (11. li. No. 1701) extending the time
for the completion of the Portage lake and
Lake Superior ship-canal.
CONGRESSIONAL DERATES.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I call for the
regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House resumes the considera-
tion of Senate bill No. 081, tn provide for the
repotting and printing of the debates in Con-
gress. The question is, shall the bill be read
a third time?
Mr. COBURN. I desire to send to the
Clerk's desk, to be read for information, an
amendment which I wish to offer.
Mr. BANKS. I ask that the bill may be
again read.
The bill was read. The first section directs
the Congressional Printer to enter into a con-
tract with Franklin Rives, Jefferson Rives, aud
George A. Bailey for the reporting and print-
ing of the debates in Congress for the term of
two years, on and from the 4t.h day of March,
1871, in accordance with a proposed form of
contract from the said Rives & Bailey, submit-
ted to and approved by the joint Committee
on Public Piinting on the part of the Sen-
ate. The second section appropriates the sum
of §400,000, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, the accounts having been approved
as in previous years, by the Secretary of
the Senate and by the Cleik of the House or
their representatives.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Coburn] desires to offer an
amendment.
Mr. KELLEY. I object.
Mr. COBURN. I desire that it may be
read for information.
Mr. KELLEY. I object.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] who
appears to have charge of this bill, whether
this contract contains any provision requir-
ing that the appointment of reporters shall be
approved by the Speaker of the House, or
whether that is covered by the rules?
Mr. KELLEY. I do not propose to open
the debate; but I will answer that the report-
ers are nominated by the proprietors of the
Globe and confirmed by the Committee on
Printing of each House respectively.
Mr. COBURN. I object to debate.
Mr. BEATTY. I desire to say that noth-
ing of that sort is in the contract, if it is cor-
rectly stated in the paper which I hold in my
hand.
Mr. KELLEY. The previous question, I
believe, has been ordered, and I object to
reopening the question.
Mr. KERR. I desire to put a question to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kel-
ley.J
The SPEAKER. Objection is made to
debate. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Keiir] nsks unanimous consent to address a
question to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Kiii.i.EY.]
Mr. COBURN. I object to debate.
Mr. AMBLER. I move that the House
now adjourn.
On tiie question, there were—ayes 13, noes
85; no quorum voting.
Mr. AMBLER. I insist on a further count.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. 1 call for the yeas
and nays.
On ordering the yeas and nays, tlieie were—
ayes 22, noes 95.
Mr. FARNSVVORTEI. I call for tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Farnsworth
and Mr. Kelljsst were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 80, noes 82.
So (one filth having voted in favor thereof)
the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 21, nays 100, not voting
59 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Barber, Beatty,
Coburn, Darrali, Donnan, Finkelnburg, Charles Fos-
ter, Merrium, Monroe. Morey, Orr, Aaron F. Perry,
Ellis U. lloborts, Scolield, Sessions,Sprague, Upson,
John T. Wilson, and Wood—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Archer, Arthur, Averill,
Banks, Jiarnum, Beck, Beveiirtge, Bigby, Biggs,
Bingham, Bird, Austin Blair. James G. Blair, Brax-
ton, Bright. George it. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton,
Buroliard, Burdett, Benjamin F. Butter, Caldwell,
Campbell. Carroll, Cobb, Cogblan, Conger, Conner,
Cotton, Cox. Creely, Crocker, Crossland, Davis,
Dickey, Dox, Du Bose, Duell, Duke, Bunnell,
Uamcs, Eldredgc, Farnsvvorth, Forker, Ilcnry D.
Foster. Wilder I). Foster, Frye, Garrett, Get'z. Gol-
lnday, Griffith. Hale, llalsey, Hundley, Hanks,
Harmer, George .1:1. Harris, John X. Harris, Havens,
IJawley, Hay, Hoys. Gerry W. Haaeltoo, John W.
Hnzelton. Herndon, Hibbard. Hill, Hoar, Ilolman,
Hooper, lloughton, lvelley, Kellogg, Kendall, Kerr,
Ketcham, King, Lamport, Leach, Lewis, Lynch,
Manson, Marshall, Maynard. McClelland, MeCor-
miek, McCrary, McGrew, McHenry, Mclntyre, Mc-
Junkin, MeKee, McKmney, McNeely, Mitchell,
Moore, Morgan, Leonard Myere, Negley, Niblack,
Packard, Packer. Palmer, Hosoa W. Parker, Isaac
C.Parker, Peek, Pendleton, Eli Perry, Peters, Po-
land, Potter, Price, Prindle, Raudjill, Edward Y.
Ilice, Ritchie, William It. Roberts. Robinson. Ro-
gers, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer. Shanks, Sheldon, Sher-
wood, Shober, Shoemaker. Slater, Sloss, John A.
Smith, Snyder, R. Milton Spcer, Storm, Stoughton,
Strong, Sutherland, Swann, Taffe, Terry, Dwight
Townsend, Washington Townsend, Turner, Tuthill,
Twichell, L'yner, Van Trump, Waddell, Wakeman,
Walden, Waldron. Warren. Wells, Wheeler, Whit-
thorne, Willard, Williams of Indiana, Williams of
JS'ew York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and Winches-
ter—160.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames. Barry. Bell. Boles,
James Brooks, Roderick R. Butier, William T.
Clark, Freeman Clarke, Comingo, Crebs, Critcher,
Dawes, De Large, Elliott, Ely, Farwell, Gar-
field, Goodrich, llaldeman, Hambleton, Hancock,
Harper. Hereford. Killinger, Kinsella, Lamison,
Lansing, Lowe, Meicur, Merrick, Benjamin F.
Meyors, Morphis, Perce. Piatt, Porter, Rainey,
Read, John M. Rice, Roosevelt, Seeley, Sheila-
Stevens, Stevenson, Stowell, St. John, father,
Thomas, Vauehan, • Voorhees, Wallace, Walls,
Whiteley, and Young—59.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question now recurs,
shall the Senate bill be read a third time ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask if an amend-
ment may not be allowed to this bill?
Mr. KELLEY. I must object.
Mr. PARNSWORTH. All we want is an
opportunity to vole on the amendments.
Mr. KELLEY. There are half a dozen
amendments, and if I yield to oneall tlie otheis
will want to have votes on their amendments,
and I must therefore object.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that when
the House adjourns to-day it be to meet on
Thursday next.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
35, noes 91. ,
Mr. FARNSWORTH demanded the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. I should like to have the
gentleman from Pennsylvania permit these
amendments to come in. I do not think the
House wishes to deny itself information.
Mr. KELLEY. 1 would have no objection
to allow the amendment ot the gentleman from
Ohio to come in, and to have it submitted to a
vote if I felt we would then be allowed to come
to a vote on the bill. The suggestion was
made yesterday, but it seems tbal was not
enough, and if 1 yield now, I do not know how
manv amendments will be allowed to come in*
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman can allow
the amendments to be read, aud after they are
read be can say whether or not they shall be
acted on.
Mr. PETERS. There would be no object
in allowing the amendments to be read it they
are not to be voted on.
Mr. KELLEY. If there would be some
reasonable amendment offered which would
satisfy the House, I would make no objectiou
to admitting it.
Mr. RANDALL. That is all I suggest.
Mr. AMBLER. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to permit me to offer the amend-
ment which I attempted to introduce yesterday.
Mr. KELLEY. We had notice given that
that would not pacify or appease the hostility
to this bill.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. We are anxious for
information.
Mr. KELLEY. I will yield so far as that
may be done, without yielding further to other
amendments.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman has
an hour to debate this bill after the previous
question has been seconded.
Mr. ICBLLEY. I yield only to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. AMBLER. I offer the following
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
Add at the end of the bill the following w.ords :
Provided, That it shall be the duty of the joint
Committee on Printing to publish an advertisement
for three months in at least one leading newspaper
in each State of the Union, inviting proposals for
reporting and printing the debates of the Forty-
Third Congress, and to report alt bids received,
together with their recommendations, to the next
regular session of Congress: and that estimates
shall also be made of the cost of reporting and pub-
lishing said debates by the Congressional Printer,
which shall also be submitted to Congress at its next
session: And provided further, That no debates shall
be reported or published at the public expense
after the close of the present Congress, except upon
written contracts entered into therefor under the
authority of Congress.
Mr. KELLEY. I am ready to agree that
may be voted on, but only that amendment..
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
allowing the amendment to come in and be
voted on?
Mr. RANDALL. I shall ask for a division
on those several propositions.
