THE CO^GRISSIG^AD GLOBE.
February 9,
colored race was in pursuance of a stringent
necessity that was upon this nation. They had
just been relieved from bondage, and the elect-
ive franchise was put, into their hands as a
weapon by whiqh they could defend themselves
and defend their rights, they being here citi-
zens, resident in this country.
_. > The provision that wag made in another law
in favor of persons born in Africa will never
probably be brought to a practical effect, for
the reason that persons do not immigrate to
this country from the countries mentioned by
the Senator from Illinois. Hottentots and
cannibals and other classes of that kind from
Africa, and -perhaps from the islands of the
ocean, do not voluntarily come to this coun-
try, and the practical effect of the extension
of the naturalization laws to them, therefore,
amounts to nothing. But so far as the emi-
gration from Asiatic countries is concerned,
it is another question. They are in our coun-
try; they have come here in pretty large num-
bers. 1 do not expect the country will be
overrun with that class of people, as some do.
I do not expect that that population will ever
be increased to a very great extent. Probably
the maximum number that will ever reach this
coast is here now, or has been reached within
the last few years. There is, nevertheless, a
population of that kind amounting to perhaps
sixty or eighty thousand persons, mostly men,
who would, under the law proposed, become
entitled to naturalization. What I wish par-
ticularly to call the attention of the Senate to
is the fact that they have never asked for such
privilege as the section now in this bill would
give them. They have never even offered a
petition to the Senate, to be rejected, for such
a privilege to be conferred upon them. They
do not desire it.
The Senator from Illinois suggests that then
they will not avail themselves of it. Why,
then, provide for it, and render it possible for
them to be made subject to the will and influ-
ence of d"signing politicians? They have not
asked this privilege; they do not want it: and
it is no deprivation to them to deny it tothem.
They do not assimilate with our institutions;
they do not learn our laws: they do not read
our papers or our books. They ask n6 %uoh
privilege as this, nor do they qualify them-
selves for the discharge of any of the higher
duties of citizens of the United States.
Mr. President, I am as much in favor of
human rights as perhaps any Senator on this
floor. I believe" I am not wanting in senti-
ments of humanity. I believe I'have never
yet been charged with anything of that sort.
I am in favor of the widest liberty compatible
with the preservation of our institutions, and
I will go as far as anybody for ihe extension
of such privileges where it can be done in con-
sistency with the desire aud purpose of main-
taining our republican institutions. These
people have no sympathy with us; and if they
were to be naturalized and become citizens of
the United States, that even would not make
them friendly. I may be told, perhaps, in
reply to this, that they would have to be sworn
as to their friendship to our institutions and
fidelity to the Constitution. It was stated by
the Senator from Oregon yesterday that they
have very little regard for our method of ad-
ministering oaths. They pay no attention
whatever to them. This is a notorious fact.
The privileges to that class extend to per-
mitting such as are born here to grow up and
become citizens. They would be such by rea-
son of their birth. Perhaps there are some
already of age in the United States who are
now entitled to exercise all the privileges of
citizens of this country. 1 know that popula-
tion have been coming to this country long
enough for their descendants to have grown to
the age of manhood. Let me here, before
taking my seat, express my disapproval of ihe
idea of opening the doors of citizenship of the
United States to every class of people, Hot-
tentots, cannibals, and so on, as mentioned by
the Senator from Illinois. I do not believe in
the doctrine. It is, as I said, a political privi-
lege, and not a right that every person has.
It is restricted already. Women are not per-
mitted to vote in this country, no matter how
intelligent, how strong their affections may be
for the Government under which they were
born. So youth under the age of twenty-one
years, no matter what their intelligence, no
•mutter what their acquirements, are not per-
mitted to vote, aud there are other classes,
such as lunatics and criminals, &.C., that are
excluded from the privileges of the elective
franchise, and there are restrictions upon it.
Why leave these classes that Ihave mentioned,
women and intelligent youths, deprived of ex-
ercising the privilege of voting, and force it as
it were upon those that do not desire it, who
would only take it under the inducements
that might be held out to them by designing
persons ?
I hope this amendment may be adopted. It
is in accordance I believe with the original pur-
pose of the measure, and this effect of extend-
ing the elective franchise to a class of people
that have not asked it, and have consented in
their treaty stipulations that they need not
have it, is going further 1 believe than was
intended by the mover of the measure.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California to the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. COLE called for the yeas and nays; and
they were ordered.
Mr. NYE. I wish to submit a proposition
to the Senate before this vote is taken, and that
is whether the legislative power of this country
has authority to repeal or impair treaty stipu-
lations. As I understand we have no such
authority; and it is claimed here that by treaty
stipulations there is express provision that it
shall entitle neither party to naturalization or
citizenship in the other country. Iu arlicle
six of the treaty that exists between China and
our Government it is provided:
"But nothing herein contained shall be held to
confer naturalization upon eitizens of the United
States in China, nor upon subjects of China in tho
United States."
That language was adopted by two Govern-
ments who understood precisely what they were
negotiating about, and they stipulated and
agreed among themselves, that nothing in this
treaty contained should carry with it the power
of naturalization or of making citizens of per-
sons frotn the two countries as they exchanged
places.
No one goes farther than I do for giving
every citizen the right to vote. I have adopted
it as a principle, and I intend to abide by it as
a principle. But, sir, that is not the question.
The simple question now presented is whether
these people shall become citizens. A brief
view of this case will show the fallacy of the
idea, and I desire the attention of the Senate
for a few minutes while I present it.
I have no prejudices against the Chinese and
Japanese. _ I am glad to have them come here
if they desire to do it, and do it voluntarily;
and whenever the time arrives that they are
ripe for American citizenship I will go for their
naturalization; but they are coming here in
large numbers, and we are told by the home
.authorities and by our own observation that
they are not that class of Chinese and Japanese,
with a few exceptions, that are regarded as of
any consequence at home. I doubt the pro-
priety of the experiment of putting on to them
the full fledged wings of citizens until tliey
have forgotten their prejudices against this
country, and learned by observation and expe-
rience that to adopt Christian habits and to
adopt American civilization are essential qual-
ifications of a citizen here.
I hope I shall not be misunderstood upon
that point. As a principle I say that every
citizen is entitled to vote, and by that I will
stand; but that does riot commit myself nor
yourself to making a class of persons citizens
who are entirely unprepared for such citizen-
ship. We are told that we have conferred
citizenship upon five or six hundred thousand
colored voters. 1 told here once a little story
which, by permission of the Senate, I will relate
once more. Down at Powna!, in Vermont,
they had an unruly church, and the presbytery
met there and told the pastor he had the most
godless church apparently they had ever seen.
He said it was true. " How do you reconcile
yourself to it," was asked. "Why," said he,
"if God intended there should be a church in
Pownal we have to use the material we have
got." [Laughter.] So I say here with these
colored voters; they were the only loyal voters
upon which we could make a nucleus around
which to cluster, and we had to use there that
material, and in a manner that in times of
peace we should not have done. I have no
regrets that it has been done; but that was
born of necessity.
Here is a different principle altogether.
There is no necessity of making these people
citizens, no necessity for hurrying it; and I
appeal to the sober judgment of the Senate
whether they are prepared to take in untold
thousands of these men and make them citi-
zens as soon as they step off the deck of the
ship that brings them from China. No, sir.
We will first educate them in the genius of
our institutions; we will first make them
proper subjects of citizenship before we try
further experiments. Every day's experience
shows us that we are having trouble enough at
the present time with the material that we are
using. Every day's experience convinces us
that the doors of our citizenship are open as
wide as they ought to be opened until the flood
that_ is waiting to set in shall become fit for
civilized, Christianized, American citizenship,
so as to know and feel an interest in upholding
the genius and the power of our institutions.
Now, I hope the Senate will recede from its
position. I hope when the yeas and nays are
taken we shall say that we will not open wider
these gates at the present time ; but let us do
what we can with those we have got now at
present under pupilage; let us perfect them
first so that they can go on and help us to do
the greater work still pending of making the
Asiatic an American citizen. I hope the Sen-
ate will agree with me that the amendment of
the honorable Senator from California ought
to be adopted..
Mr. SUMNER. At each stage of this de-
bate there is a question of power. My friend
at my right presents a new one founded on the
treaty with " China. To that I reply. The
words that he read were as follows :
"Batnothing herein contained shall be held to
eonter .naturalization npon citizens of tho United
states in China, nor upon the subjects of China in
the United States."
The object of that would seem to be plain,
and it is within my recollection precisely what
-was intended. It was simply this: that under
this treaty——
Mr. CARPENTER. By this treaty.
Mr, SUMNER. As my friend says, by this
treaty no person eould claim naturalization;
that is all.
_Mr. NYE. Will my friend allow me to ask
him a question ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. We all remember the exact cir-
cumstances under which this treaty was made.
-It was found that the treaty could not be made
if it did not contain that provision. Does not
my friend recollect that ?' It' it had not con-
tained what was supposed to be at that time an
inhibition on naturalization, the treaty never
could have been made.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg my friend's pardon :
there was no question of inhibition. The only
point was to exclude from the treaty all idea
that by the treaty any American was natural-
ized m China, or any Chinaman was natural-
ized in the United States. It kept open the
