1872.
THE CONGBESSIONAL GLOBE.
3599
tion to the bills -when they come up they shall
go over. But 1 wish to suggest to the Senate
just now, this being Saturday and the Ku
Klux bill having gone over, and the Army ap-
propriation bill being the order, which will
only take a little while when we get to it,
whether by general consent we cannot devote
this day to taking up the Calendar and going
through with the unobjected cases with such
brief explanations as gentlemen may find it
necessary to make. In that way we can dis-
pose of a great amount of business which
ought to be disposed of, and to which there is
no "objection, if the Senate will only allow
itself to act. I ask unanimous consent to this.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont asks unanimous consent that
after the Army appropriation bill shall be dis-
posed of  ,
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; my proposition is
that the whole day may be taken for that pur-
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Army ap-
propriation bill is the unfinished business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know it. I ask unani-
mous consent to let that wait, and everything
else wait, till we go through the cases on the
Calendar to which no objection is made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont asks that the Army appropri-
ation bill be passed over, and that the day be
devoted to unobjected cases on the Calendar.
Mr. WEST. I object.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE LANDS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the annual report of the Governor of
Texas, in relation to the sales of scrip issued
under an act donating public lands to the
several States and Territories which may pro-
vide for the benefit of agriculture and mechanic
arts; which was referred to the Committee
on Education and Labor.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
_ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN presented the peti-
tion of Catherine Seeberger, widow of John
Seeberger, late private of Company K, sixty-
eighth New York volunteers, praying for
arrears of pension ; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CONKLING presented a petition of
officers, soldiers, sailors and marines, who
have served the Government, praying to be
allowed to sell or assign lands acquired by a
recent amendment to the homestead act; which
was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I present a petition of
citizens of the counties of King William,
King and Queen, New Kent, Hanover, and
Caroline, Virginia, praying an appropriation
of $10,000 for the purpose of dredging and
removing obstructions to the navigation of
the Mattaponi and Pamunkey rivers. As
the Committee on Commerce have reported
the river and harbor bill, I move that the
petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Commit-
tee on the Library, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 2034) for the relief of Edward
G. Allen, of London, England, have directed
ine to report it back and recommend its pas-
sage. It is a very short bill, and I should like
to have it considered at the present time. I
presume there will be no objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. There appears
to be objection to considering any bills out of
order, but the Chair will put the request of the
Senator from Maine for unanimous consent.
The bill will first be read.
The bill was read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have just objected to
my friend from Ohio on the ground that we
never can get to the eases which are reported
days previously if we proceed to consider cases
just reported.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I withdraw the
report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report is
withdrawn.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The other
day on my motion the bill (H. R. No. 2762)
providing for a life-size marble statue of the
late Senator Edward Dickinson Baker was
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds. I find on examination that the
usage in the Senate requires such bills to be
referred to the Committee on the Library. I
therefore move that the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds be discharged from its
further consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on the Library.
The motion was agreed to.
AMENDMENT TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. OSBORN submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
(H. R. No. 2208) making appropriations for
the repair, preservation, and completion of
certain public works on rivers and harbors,
and for other purposes; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1123) to amend an act entitled "An act
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1872,"
approved March 3,1871; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave tointroduceabill (S. No. 1126)
for the relief of J. Frank McDowell, formerly
postmaster at Columbus, Kansas; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads, and
ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1127) for the relief of Charles W. Willey;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1124) to authorize the Orange, Alexandria,
and Manassas Railroad Companytorun trains
and transport freight and passengers within the
District of Columbia; which was read twice
by it3 title, referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask leave to introduce
a bill for reference, and in connection with it
I present a memorial signed by Edwin D.
Morgan, Jackson S. Shultz, James VV. Beek-
man, and other leading citizens of New York,
touching the purchase of a site for a custom-
house, and I ask that it be referred with the
bill to the Committee on Commerce.
Leave was granted to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1125) to enable the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to acquire from the mayor and corporation
of the city of New York land on the Battery
for a custom-house and other Government
buildings; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
COIN IN THE TREASURY.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Seoretary of the Treasury be
directed to furnish the Senate with a statement of
the amount of coin on deposit to the credit of or in
the Treasury on the tir&t day of the present and on the
first day of each of the next preceding four months,
together with a statement of the persons and places
with whom the same was deposited, and the amount
at each place, and with each person at each of the
respective dates.
ISSUE Of DUPLICATE BONDS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House bill No.
2565.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill' (H.
R. No. 2565) to provide for the issue of bonds
in lieu of destroyed or defaced bonds of the
United States was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the bill by striking out all after the
enacting clause, in the following words:
That whenever it shall appear to the Secretary of
the Treasury by clear and unequivocal proof that
any interest-bearing bond of the United States has,
without bad faith upon the part of the owner,
been destroyed, wholly or in part, or so defaced
as to impair its value to the holder, the Secre-
tary of the Treasury shall, under such regulations
and with sueh restrictions as to time and retention
for security or otherwise as he may prescribe, issue
a duplicate of such bond, of the same date, to be so
marked, and bearing liko interest, as the bond so
proved to have been destroyed or defaced: Provided,
That the owner of each destroyed or defaced bond
shall surrender the same, or so much thereof as may
remain, and shall file in the Treasury a bond in a
penal sum equal to the amount of said destroyed or
defaced bond, and the interest which would accrue
thereon until the principal thereof is due and pay-
able, with two good and sufficient securities, res-
idents of the United States, to be approved by the
Secretary of the Treasury, with condition to indem-
nify and save harmless the United States from any
claim because of the said destroyed or defaced bond.
And inserting in lieu thereof:
That whenever it shall appear to the Secretary of
the Treasury, by clear and unequivocal proof, that
any interest-bearing bond of the United States has,
without bad faith upon the part of the owner, been
destroyed, wholly or in part, or so defaced as to im-
pair its value to the holder, and which bond shall be
identified by number and description, the Secretary
of the Treasury shall, under such regulations and
with such restrictions as to time and retention for
security or otherwise as he may prescribe, issue a
duplicate of sueh bond, having the same time to run,
bearing like iuterest as the bond so proved to have
been destroyed or defaced, and so marked as to show
the original number of the bond destroyed and the
date thereof: Provided, That where such destroyed
or defaced bonds shall appear to have been of such
a class or series as has been or may, before such
application, be called in for redemption, instead of
issuing duplicates thereof they shall be paid, with
such interest only as would have been paid if pre-
sented in accordance with such call.
Sec. 2. That the ownerof each destroyed or defaced
bond shall surrender the same, or so much thereof
as may remain, and shalt file in the Treasury a bond
in a penal sum double the amount of said destroyed
or defaced bond, andtheinterestwhich would acerue
thereon until the principal thereof is due and pay-
able, with two good and sufiicient sureties, residents
of the United States, to be approved by the Secre--
tary of the Treasury, with condition to indemnily
and save harmless the United States from any claim
upon the said destroyed or defaced bond.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does that include cou-
pon bonds?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, but only those which
are destroyed, not those which are lost, and
only those the destruction of which is proved
by clear testimony,
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should doubt extremely
the propriety of making a general law for cou-
pon bonds. I think it very dangerous indeed.
Mr. SHERMAN. The committee have con-
sidered the whole question. Congress has re-
peatedly granted relief in cases where the testi-
mony is clear and conclusive. The Senator
will see that the provision is so carefully
guarded that if you make any general law ou
the subject this is safe. The amendment has
been prepared after cdnsultation with the Treas-
ury Department. We think it is entirely safe.
Mr. SUMNER. May I ask whether by the
bill the matter is referred to the Treasury
Department?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is referred to the Treas-
ury Department.
Mr. SUMNER. And the Treasury Depart-
ment is to be satisfied ?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. That I think is correct.
Mr. SHERMAN. It does not extend ta
lost coupons or lost bonds, but simply to those
which are destroyed and where the number
and date can be identified and proved.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator may remembet
that in some of the early cases Congress under-
took to decide the question of liability, which
I always thought was a mistake. The ques-
tion of liability should be referred finally to
the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The distinction which
the Senator from Ohio makes between a lo f
