2704
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
EVENING SESSION.-,
The House reassembled"at-^evetf and a half
o'clock p. m. * .
The SPEAKER. By direction of the House
this evening is given to reportsfrom the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions, and no other
business will be in order.
john parrish.
Mr. MOORE, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, reported back a bill (H. R.
No. 1988) granting a pension to John Parrish;
which was referred to the Committee on' Rev-
olutionary Pensions and War of 1812.
c. s. mooeks.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back a bill (H. R. "No. 1904)
granting a pension to C. 8. Mooers, of Des
Moines, Polk county, Iowa; which wis re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Pensions and War of 1812.
elizabeth baylor.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back the petition of Elizabeth
Saylor, widow of Jacob Saylor, deceased, who
was a soldier of the war of 1812, praying for
a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions and War
of 1812. war op 181^
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
teej reported back the following petitions;
which were referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions and W<ir of 1812:
Petition of Josephine Mills and Martha T.
Mills, heirs of Daniel W. Mills, for the com-
pensation and bounty due him for services in
the war of the Revolution;
Papers relating to the petition of Ellis-Lewis
Brown, for pension;
Petition of certain soldiers of the war of
1812; and
Petition of N. R. Colvin and others, forpen-
sions to soldiers who served fourteen
during the war of 1812. i. •
caroline s m'ghee.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back the petition of Caroline S.
McQhee, widow of Samuel McGhee, company
P, second regiment Tennessee vojpnteers;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
sarah m'enany.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (S. No. 347) granting a
pension to Sarah McEnany, with-amendments.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
upon the pension roll subject to the-provisions
and limitations of.the peosiomlaws/tke name
of Sarah McEnany, widow ofJumeg-McEaany,
late private of company C, eleventh 'regiment
Maine volunteers, and the names of their minor
children under sixteen years of- age*, and pay
them a pension from the'passage «of tkis ait.
The amendments .were read- as -fcllo&s s
Strike out " Enany " and insert " Nana strike
out" eleven "andinsert" first;" strikeout" Maine"
and insert "Vermont artillery; "so it will read:
That the Secretary of the Inte'rior be, and He is
hereby, authorized and* directed; to*'place upon the
pension-roil, subject to the proviaioqs ^.nd limita-
tions ofthe pension laws, the name of Sarah McNftna,
widow of James McNana/laWfe private iU'cOmpariy
C, first regiment Vermont'fartitlery tfoluntders/anrl
the names of their ehildron under sixteen yeara^f
age, and pay them a pension from, the -passage,- of
this act. * ' .
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be read
a third time; and it watf accordingly read'the
third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The title was then amended so as to read,
"An act granting a pension to Sarah McNapa."
william e. pickens. .
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 1064)
to amend an aet entitled " An act granting a
pension to William E. Pickens," with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that an
act approved March 3, 1871, entitled " An act
granting a pension \o William E. Pickens,"
be amended by striking out from the said act
the words " by a gunshot wound received,"
and by adding the following; "provided, that
a pension shall be granted him as of the rank
of second lieutenant so it will read:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be authorized
and directed to place upon the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of William E. Pickens, of Blount
county, Tennessee, who was disabled in the secret
service of the United States, on the night of the 7th
November, 1861: Provided, Said pension shall be
-granted him as of the rank of second lieutenant, and
shall be paid to him after the passage of said act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the mqtion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
. mrs. jane w. m'kee.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2395) increas-
ing the pension of Mrs. Jane W. McKee;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the limitations and provisions
of the pension laws, the name of Mrs. Jane
W. McKee, widow of William R. McKee, late
colonel of the second regiment Kentucky vol-
unteers, at the rate of fifty dollars per month,
Che certificate of pension now held by said
Mrs. Jane W. McKee to be surrendered and
canceled from and after the passage of this
act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed jind
read.a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mary a. morris.
. .,Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 1872) to
authorize the Secretary of the Interior to place
the name of Mary A. Morris, widow of Major
General William W. Morris, upon the pension-
roll at the rate of fifty dollars per month.
.The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the .Interior to place the name of Mary
A. Morris, widow of Major General William
W. Morris, upon the peusion-roll, subject to
the laws and regulations of the pension ser-
vice, at the rate of fifty dollars per month, to
commence from the passage of this act, and to
be in lieu of the pension heretofore granted to
the said Mary A. Morris under the general
pension laws.
Mr. HOLMAN. Inasmuch as this is out
of the ordinary, course of pensions, I wish to
eall the attention of the House to the rule
which I did-not suppose had been varied from
of granting a pension of fifty dollars to a given
class of widows whose husbands were killed
in battle. Now, is it not to be apprehended,
if'the practice is adopted of giving widows of
major generals or brigadier generals - gen-
erally a pension of fifty dollars a month, or if
it is adopted to any considerable extent, that
it will become imperative that the practice
will -be adopted as a rule? If it is desirable
that it should be adopted as a rule, would it
not bebetter to change the law at once? I
understand that, according to the pension
laws, the pensions for widows of officers of
all these grades are at the rate of thirty dollars
per month.
Mr. MOORE. I will say in reply to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] that
the Committee on Invalid Pensions have "no
idea of considering all cases of that kind
which are brought before them. There are,
however, three or four cases which have been
presented to us during this session upon which
we have passed favorably.
The case of Mrs. Morris is a very peculiar
one. Her husband served about sixty years
in the Army of the United States, and died
poor. One of his sons, an officer, was killed
in the service ; and this old lady, one of the
most estimable women in this country, is en-
tirely dependent upon her pension. She 'is a
most .elegant woman, and asks this favor at the
hands ot' Congress ; and regarding her case as
exceedingly meritorious, the committee are
unanimous in recommending the passage of
this bill.
Another case which I have here on the list
is that of the widow of General Sumner, which
will be reported this evening or to-morrow
night for the House to act upon. These are
exceptional cases, and the committee thought
were very meritorious. I hope there will be
no objection to the passage of this bill for the
relief of Mrs. Morris.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am exceedingly reluc-
tant to raise any objection to the passage of this
bill. I think the rule which the Hous-e adopted
a few years ago was a very reasonable one, and
that was that where the husband was killed on
the field of battle the widow should be entitled
to a pension of fifty dollars a month.
Mr. MOORE. Let me correct the gentle-
man ; there is no such law.
Mr. HOLMAN. I speak of the rule on the
part of Congress, upon which it acted steadily.
The last of those cases was that of Mrs. Gen-
eral Hackelinan, who received increased pen-
sion. But that is tjie only class to which in-
creased pensions have been granted., There
seem to be a great many meritorious cases
where Congress is very glad to increase the
pension beyond thirty dollars a month, but
there does not, from the statement of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, seem to be anything very
peculiar about the merits of this case. A gal-
lant general dies, and his widow receives a
pension of thirty dollars a month. It is now
proposed to increase that pension to fifty dol-
lars a month. It seems to me that it will be
found that there are very few instances where
a pension of thirty dollars is allowed where it
may be necessary to increase the pension to
fifty dollars a month : but inasmuch as thirty
dollars a month is now the rule, it.seems to me
that that rule should be of general application,
and that the widows of our gallant officers, from
the grade of lieutenant colonel up, who are
now receiving thirty dollars a month ought to
receive fifty dollars a month if others receive
the same amount. 1 have great reluctance to
make objection to the bill.
Mr. MOORE. The gentleman is mistaken
about the existence of any such rule. If the
widow of an officer who has been killed m
battle should make application, and she were
well circumstanced, we should by no means
give her an increase of pension; but in this
case the widow is wholly dependent on the
pension; she relies upon no child, and her
family has suffered exceedingly. She is now
quite old,-ahd a more .worthy person is not to
beffouh-d in' this country, and whatever the
increase may be, it will not last for long.
She*distinguished herself during the period of
her husband's long service in the Army, as
being one of the most benevolent and kind
persons to the soldiers, and she deserves this
consideration.
Mr. HOLMAN. I only wish to say to the
