1808
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marcii 19,
sum of $105 as compensation in full for one
horse" and forty bushels of corn taken from
him by the twentieth Army corps for the use
of the Government.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BUCKLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM STODDARD.
Mr. BUCKLEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2028) for the
relief of William Stoddard, late assistant quar-
termaster United States volunteers; which
was read a first and second lime.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to pay to William
Stoddard, late assistant quartermaster Uni-
ted States volunteers, out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, the sum
of $860, that being the amount of private funds
belonging to the said Stoddard seized Jjy mili
tary authority and afterward covered into the
Treasury.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BUCKLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the hill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid 011 the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES H. THOMPSON.
Mr. IiUCICLEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. It. No, 2029) for
the relief of Charles H. Thompson, of New
Orleans Louisiana; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay, out of any money
iu the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to Charles 11. Thompson, of New Orleans,
Louisiana, the sum of $3,100, the same to be
111 full for claim of Thompson against the Gov-
ernment for the failure ol title to a certain saw-
mill, machinery, and dwelling, located 011 block
CO, city of Shreveport, Louisiana, sold to him
by the Government under the orders of the
commander of the military division of west
Mississippi, at Shreveport, Louisiana on the
1st of May, 18(i(i.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BUCKLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EPISCOPAL 0I1UUCII AT SHAUPSBURG.
Mr. BUCKLEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported adversely upon the peti-
tion of the vestry of St. Paul's Protestant
Episcopal church at Sharpsburg, Maryland,
praying for comocnsatiou for injury to and
use of a church by the Federal Army during
the rebellion; which was laid on the table.
• GERMAN REFORMED CIICRCII, WINCHESTER.
Mr. BUCKLEY also, from the tame com-
mittee, reported adversely upon the petiiion
of the pastor, elders, and deacons of the Ger-
man Heformed congregation at Winchester,
Virginia, praying compensation for the use
and destruction of their church by the Federal
Army; which was laid on the table.
JDDUE DELAIIAY, OP KANSAS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary
be, and they are hereby, authorized to send tor
persons and papers, to administer oaths, and to
take testimony in the matter ot the memorial ana
charucs against Mark'II. Delahay, district judge 01
the United States district for the State of Kansas.
KETURAH COLE.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported back, with a rec-
ommendation that it pass, a bill (S. No. 94)
for the relief of Miss Keturah Cole.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue registered bonds
of the act of March 3, 1865, dated July _1,
1867, with interest from July 1, 1870, to Miss
Keturah Cole, of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania,
in lieu of her five-twenty coupon bonds of
alike amount, numbered 112746 and 112747,
for $500 each ; and 152249, 152250, 223208',
223209, and 223210, of $1,000 each, which
have been badly mutilated by mildew, and
parts of each bond have been destroyed; but
before issuing the new bonds the Secretary of
the Treasury is to require a sufficient bond of
indemnity, securing the Government against,
the presentation of any missing portions of
them alleged to be destroyed, and shall also
require the remaining portions of the bonds
to be surrendered to the Treasury Depart-
ment.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WYLLY WOOD BRIDGE.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, also, from the
same committee, reported, with a recommend-
ation that it pass, a bill (H. R. No. 2030) for
the relief of Wylly Woodbridge; which was
read a fiist and second time.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secre-
taiy of the Treasury to pay, out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
to Wylly Woodbridge the sum of $28,758 70,
the proceeds of one hundred and seventeen
bales of cotton, the private property of Wood-
bridge, taken erroneously and without due
authority by the agents of the civil and mili-
tary authorities of the United States, at Sa-
vannah, Georgia, in March, 1805, shipped to
New York, sold by the United States, and the
proceeds thereof paid into the Treasury, the
charges and expenses of the United States
having been deducted therefrom.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SARAH IIUTCHINS.
Mr. FRYE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported adversely upon the petition of Sarah
Hutchins for compensation for a building
burned at the evacuation of Jacksonville,
Florida, by the United States troops, in 1863 ;
which was laid on the table.
MRS. ELIZABETH SHOOT.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the petition of Mi s. Elisa-
beth Smoot, asking for compensation for in-
juries received by being run over by a Gov-
ernment horse on Pennsylvania avenue, Wash-
ington city, February 14, 1863 ; and the same
was laid upon the table.
PECK, VAN HORN AND COMPANY.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2031) for the relief
of Peck, Van Horn & Co.; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to remit
and release to Peck, Van Horn & Co., of Har-
rison county, State of Iventucky, the internal
revenue tax of fifty cents a gallon assessed on
twenty-three million one hundred and twenty-
nine thousand gallons ot whisky in bond in
their warehouse at Cynthiana, Kentucky, and
before sale destroyed by fire June 24, 1869.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FRYE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion wag agreed to.
DR. JOHN H. M'QUOWN.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (II. R. No. 2032) for the relief
of Dr. John H. McQuown, of Illinois ; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Paymaster General cause to be allowed and
paid, out of any money subject to his order
for the pay of the Army, to Dr. John H. Mc-
Quown, of Illinois, the sum of $1,020, in full
satisfaction for all military and medical ser-
vices rendered the United States by said John
H. McQuown as acting assistant surgeon of
the sixty-second regiment of lilinois volunteer
infantry.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FRYE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
B. C. BAILEY.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. Ii. No. 2033) for the relief
ot B. C. Bailey; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay
B. C. Bailey, of Bath, Maine, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of $4,868 24, in full for dam-
ages atising directly from seizure and deten-
tion by the ship Argo, in 1861.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FRYE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was pass d; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
F. B. BRAYTON.
Mr. FRYE, also, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (H. R. No. 101) for the
relief of F. B. Brayton, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Postmaster General to credit as of the 24th
day of May, 18G8, to F. B. Brayton, post-
master, Mount Morris, Ogie county, Illinois,
the sum of $315, in consideration of the loss
of that amount in postage stamps robbed
from his post office in Mount Morris without
his fault or negligence.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time : and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. FKYE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES A. WEIDNEK.
Mr. FRYE also, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (II. R. No. 1094) for the
relief of Charles A. Weidner, with an amend-
ment.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
