1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2705
gentleman from Illinois that he apprehends
the rule I spoke of—a class of pensioners whose
pensions were increased from thirty dollars to
fifty dollars a month. That class was uniformly
confined to the widows of generals who fell in
battle. The gentleman may perhaps remem-
ber the discussion which occurred upon this
subject a few years ago.
Mr. MOOKE. The gentleman is so far
mistaken that I will give him a single case,
the case of Mrs. Myra Clarke Gaines, who was
granted a pension, the half pay of a major
general, larger pay than this, and not on
account of her husband being killed in battle.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do not say that there are
not such instances, but I say that the increased
pensions should be limited to that one class;
there have heen exceptions at all times.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. And this
is a good exception.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. I do not understand
what the statement of facts in this case is,
for I was not in, but I do not want to oppose
the bill, because I do not know anything about
it. The fact that this party is poor is in her
favor, but we ought to have a rule so that pen-
sioners from all parts of the country shall be
treated alike. Now, the Committee on Pen-
sions of the last Congress did have a rule on
that subject;' widows of generals who fell upon
the field were allowed a pension of fifty dol-
lars a month.
Mr. MOORE. Ah, well, now my friend is
mistaken. I beg to inform him that I think I
speak advisedly, as chairman of the Commit-
tee of Pensions, that there was no such rule.
It is a mistake on the part of my friend.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. No, sir, it is no mistake.
The gentleman was not chairman at that time.
I wish to say that there was a case from my
district, from the county of Erie; the case of
Mrs. Vincent, whose husband fell in battle in
Virginia. It was a very hard case; she was
a young lady, but without means, and a great
deal of sympathy was felt for her. I had her
papers here, and the committee told me at
once that it came within the rule ; but they
learned afterward that he was not made a
general. He was a colonel when he fell, and
his commission as general did not arrive until
after he was dead, and therefore he was never
mustered in as general. The widow was not
allowed such a pension ; and upon consulta-
tion with a great many members of the com-
mittee, particularly with the chairman, they
said they never went beyond that rule.
Mr. MOORE. That is not so.
Mr. SCOF1ELD. What is not so ? That
they did not so inform me?
Mr. MOORE. Oh, no ; not that.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I stated what they in-
formed me, that is all; and the gentleman
said, "That is not so." Now, I want the
committee to be governed by some kind of a
rule, so that when the people of my district
say to me, "Why don't you get special bills
passed for those cases?" I can say that the
rule is against it. And when they inform me
that Mrs. So-and-so has a pension, I want to
be able to say that the facts in her case are
such as to bring her within the rule.
Mr. MOORE. I will state to the honor-
able gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Sco-
field] that if this House could adopt a rale
that would apply to all these cases, we could
enact it into a law, and they would not have
to come here for special acts. When we re-
lieve persons by special acts we always act
upon the particular merits of each individual
case. We have just passed a bill for the relief
of the widow of a colonel who fell in the
Mexican war, giving her a pension of fifty
dollars a month. There were peculiar con-
siderations in her case. Her son, a brave
young man, who furnished his mother with
$1,000 a year for her support, was killed in
the recent Corean expedition. These excep-
tional cases appeal to the House with a great
deal of force. The fact that we yield in such
42d Cons. 2d Sbss.—No. 170.
exceptional cases does not bind us to give a
pension of fifty dollars a month to every widow
of a colonel or of a general. It must be
known to members of this House that there
wtere hundreds of generals who fell in battle
whose widows are drawing but thirty dollars
a month.
Mr. HOI/MAN. The gentleman is mis-
taken ; there is not a single exception. Every
widow of a general who fell in the last war
now draws a pension of fifty dollars a month.
The practice began in the Fortieth Congress,
and continued down to the close of the last
Congress. I am confident I am correct in this
matter, for I was deeply interested in some
of the cases that went through the House on
that ground alone.
Mr. MOORE. I ask a vote on this bill.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
^ MARTHA R. WHITE.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (fi. R. No. 2396) granting
a pension to Martha R. White; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place upon the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Martha R.
White, widow of William M. Reed, a soldier
of the war of 1812, and to pay her a pension
from and after the passage of this act.
Mr. WTLLARD. I call for the reading of
the report.
The report was read; and it states that Mrs.
White is cut off from the benefit of the act of
1871, granting pensions to soldiers of the war
of 1812 and their widows, for the reason that
after living a long while in widowhood she
was again married. Her second husband soon
died aud left her again destitute. She is now
very poor, and maintained principally by the
charity of her neighbors. She is seventy-
seven years old, and cannot long remain a
pensioner. Her last husband was a very active
and valuable soldier, and died soon after the
close of the war. Mrs. White has received
only an eighty-acre land warrant. In view of her
great age, that she is very poor, aud debarred
from pension only by reason of her second
marriage, at which time she was not in receipt
of a pension, the committee recommend the
passage of a bill for her relief.
Mr. W1LLARD. I will ask the chairman
of the committee whether his committee grant
pensions in cases like this, where there has
been a remarriage. The Committee on Revo-
lutionary Pensions and War of 1812 have not
done so. I do not claim for our committee
jurisdiction of this case; I only want to know
the rule which the gentleman's commictee has
adopted.
Mr. MAYNART). How old is this widow?
Mr. MOORE. Seventy-seven years of age.
Mr. Speaker, I will remark that this case comes
under the jurisdiction of our committee by an
agreement with the chairman of the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812.
Mr. WILLARJD. I do not raise any objec-
tion on the ground of jurisdiction.
Mr. MOORE. This old lady did remarry,
but as my friend from Maine [Mr. Peters]
suggests, not much, her second husband living
only about three weeks. [Laughter.] The
case is one that appeals very strongly to the
sympathies of the House.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; aud being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote '
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
margaret o. gibson.
Mr. MOORE also, frorothesame committee,
reported a bill (H. R.. No. 2397) granting a
pension to Margaret C. Gibson ; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Margaret C. Gibson, widow of
Jacob Gibson, who was killed while on duty
as a scout in the service of the United States,
and to pay her a pension of eight dollars a
month from and after the passage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARTHA G. KtJDOLPH.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2898) granting a
pension to Martha G. Rudolph; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Martha G.
Rudcrlph, widow of John O. Rudolph, to re-
ceive the pension now provided by law for
widows of enlisted men who died in the service
and in the line of duty.
Mr. ARCHER. If there is a report in this
case I would like to hear it, unless the chair-
man of the committee will make some explan-
ation.
Mr. MOORE. There is no report in the
case further than a statement contained in the
petition, which can be read if the gentleman
desires it. Unless, however, some one insists
upon the reading of the petition, I will, in
order to save time, state that this is the case
of the widow of a wagon-master, who was
employed as such in the State of Kentucky in
1862. He was never mustered into the ser-
vice. This bill has been recommended by the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, and reported
by me at the request of a member of the
House; and I should not have insisted upon
its passing the committee but for the fact that
at the time this man was employed, in 1862,
the War Department did recognize such an
office as wagon-master. In September, 1862,
I believe, an order was "issued abolishing that
office as a regimental office. This man was,
however, employed as master of a wagon-train
which he conducted to Cumberland Gup. Re-
turning, he started with another tram into
East Tennessee; but he sickened and died
with typhoid fever. He was not mustered in,
but was employed as a wagon-master. At the
request of an officer of the Army he took twelve
teamsters with him to Lexington, Kentucky,
he himself receiving an appointment as wagon-
master ; and he died in the service.
This, 1 believe, is a correct statement of
the case. It is not a case altogether regular
in its character; bat it appears to the com-
mittee meritorious.
Mr. ARCHER. Is it not a variation from
the usual rule to pension civil employes of
the Army or their legal representatives ?
Mr. MOOrtE. When a teamster or wagon-
master has been mustered into the service,, he
has been considered as entitled to a pension;
but if not thus connected with the military
service hQ has not been regarded as entitled
to a pension. As I have already stated, this
man was employed as a wagon-master prior to
the order of September, 1862, and died in the
service. I conceive that this case presents a
