1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
913
!
that no negro or mulatto should come into or
settle in the State after the adoption of the
constitution ; and allcoutracts ir,ade with any
negro or mulatto coming into or settling in that
State contrary to tke provisions of that article
should be void; and every person who should
employ such negro, or otherwise encourage
him to remain in the State, shou15 be subject
to fine and imprisonment.
If Indiana has outstripped Kentucky in her
new-born zeal for the freedman, and changed
her public policy as radically as the action of
the Senator [Mr. Morton] would indicate,
she must be tolerant with us if we cannot, keep
pace with her. But the Senator himself must
be tolerant,-for as late as 1860 he thought, and
so stated, that if the negro was enfranchised
and elevated to office there was great danger
of utter destruction of free government. I
have no right to criticise the honorable Sen-
ator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] for having
changed his opinion thus publicly declared at
so recent a date, and I do not intend to do so.
But I insist he has no right to cite Kentucky
as unsound in her public polity and unkind to
the colored race because she adheres to opin-
ions of the unfitness of the colored freedman
for political rights, and especially to an utter
abhorrence of social equality between the white
and black races.
If Indiana, a free State in 1852, excluded
the negro from her territory by constitutional
provision, and the Senator from Indiana, as
late as 18GG, thought them unfit to exercise
suffrage or hold office, most certainly Ken-
tucky, having more than two hundred and
sixty thousand negroes, from whose eyes the
bandage of slavery was but lately stricken,
should not be censured for every effort in
opposing unconstitutional Federal legislation,
which seeks to make of this class judges or
jurymen. For, as was well said by the Sen-
ator form Wisconsin, [Mr. CaiU'exter,] if Con
gress can, by legislation, annul State laws an'd
force colored frcedmeu into the jury boxes of
the State Courts, they can as well put the freed-
man on the bench of the State judiciary.
Does the Senator from Indiana conscien-
tiously believe, with his acknowledged ability
and experience, that, there is no danger in ihe
former slave States in exalting freedrneti with-
out education, wimout intelligence, without,
a solitary qualification which would enable
them to discharge the duties properly upon
the bench or in the jury-box? What rights of
property or person does the Senator think can
ever be safe, when either judge or jury are
ignorant, illiterate, and incompetent to under-
stand the law or facts of any legal controversy?
And yet pass this amendment, and m every
State where the colored are greatly in excess
of the white race such consequences must follow.
What other results can be hoped for by such
legislation than the utter overthrow of the
trial by jury, supposed formerly to be a great
bulwark of civil libtrty?
But I .utterly deny the constitutionality of
the civil rights bill, or this proposed amend-
ment of the Senator irom Massachusetts. The
Supreme Court of the United States will soon
decide upon the validity of the first, and 1 can
but hope that the latter will never become a
law. If Congress proposes to strike down
every vestige of local self government which
the Constitution guaranties the States, then it
had better at once proclaim its absolute cen-
tralism. If a right is exercised by Congress,
as proposed by this bill, to dictate to the peo-
ple of the States the qualification of judges
and jurors in Stare courts; nay, more, that
the Federal Government shall, through Uni-
ted Slates courts, coerce social equality be
t-.reen the races in public schools, m hotels,
in theaters, in railways, and other modes of
ptib'ie conveyance, then all local sell-gov-
ernment iw at an end, and the people of the
several States are the mere slaves of the Fed-
eral Government. If this amendment prevail,
42i> Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 58.
I should be glad to know what right of the
Sta'es is left.
Mr. President, the distinguished Senator
from Wisconsin [Mr. Caiipexter] tells us that
the word " courts " as used in the fourth sec-
tion of the Sumxer amendment applies exclu-
sively to Federal courts, and that such is the
uniform course of decision. The Senator from
New Jersey [Mr. Frelinghuysex] concurs in-
this Construction. The Senator from Indiana
[Mi. Mortox] utterly denies the correctness
of such a construction, and insists that the
word "courts" as used, includes both Fed-
eral and State courts. In this consttuction
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
is understood to concur.
There is a conflict of opinion among the
friends of the bill as to its true intent and
meaning. No such uncertainty should pre-
vail on a provision of such vital importance.
I shall therefore propose t,o amend the amend
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumxer] by adding in the second line after
"courts" the words "of the United States;"
so that if the amendment be adopted it will
read, "that no person shall be disqualified
from service as a juror in any court of the
United States." This will remove all doubt.
It will confine the proviso to the Federal
courts, and no doubt can then arise that it
applies to State courts.
1 cannot express my abhorrence of the pro-
posed amendment. The local self-government
of the States was a guarantee of self-protec-
tion which the framers of the Constitution
intended against the eiicioachments of the
Federal Government. It is the last which the
people ot the States will, I hope, ever consent
to surrender. There was a prophetic warning
in the speech of the eloquent Senator from
Connecticut which shows that the dangers of
this bill are confined to no section of the coun-
try. Ihe safety and protection of every indi-
vidual citizen has, by the Constitution, been
surely intrusted to the Stales. The Senator
from Indiana justifies the constitutionality of
this amendment on the ground that the four
teenth amendment demands an equal protec-
tion of law to every citizen. Ho then asks,
what shew of justice could a black man in
Kentucky expect from a jury of twelve white
men?
Let me tell the Senator if he knew anything
of the past history of Kentucky he would never
have asked that question. The life, liberty,
and rights of the negroes have ever been sale
in the keeping of Kentucky judges and Ken-
tucky juries. No complaint can be justly had
on this score. But it the argument of the hon-
orable Senator be sound, what becomes of a
Chinaman who commits murder io-day in San
Francisco or Sacramento? What right of jus-
tice can he expect from twelve white men
prejudiced against him and opposed bitterly to
the immigration of h:s peop e ? And yet the
Senator from Indiana was unwilling to extend
to the Chinaman the same meed of justice
which h<' insists shall be extended to the
freedman. To make the honorable Senator's
argument, sound, there could he by his stand-
aid of construction no just pro.ection of law
unless white men were tried bv white juries
and colored men by colored juries ; but ex-
perience shows the views ot th? honorable
Senator to be unsound and fallacious.
But, Mr. President, I dtd not rise to discuss
this bill, but to protest against some of the
obnoxious provisions of this amendment.
Everywhere m the State governments the col-
ored man enjoys the light of suffrage, of trans-
portation, of schools, and church privileges.
If the Senator from Massachusetts [r. Sl'JI-
ner] is the real friend of the colored freed-
man, I beseech him not to press this proposed
measure of coercive Federal equality, it is
mischievous, impolitic, and unconstitutional.
It is unjust to both white and colored, and
above all will be attended with no good results.
I will now, Mr. President, offer the amend-
ment I have indicated, so as to limit the appli-
cation of the fourth section to courts of the
United States. We can then, by a vote in the
Senate, determine what the amendment of the
word "courts" means. Is it limited to the
courts of the United States, or does it extend
to the State and Federal courts alike? If to
the one, unquestionably it is constitutional; if
to the other, I agree with the Senator from
Wisconsin that it is entirely beyond the pciwer
of Congress to enact it. If you can designate
the jurors in State courts, .so you can the
judges, and Congress would then give to the
States colored judges as Well as colored jury-
men. If the power exists as to one it cannot
be denied as to the other. Feeling an abiding
interest 111 this question, I shall hope to have
a vote on that amendment.
Mr. TIPTON. Mr President, I enter into
a brief discussion of the question before the
Senate with some degree of reluctance, inas-
much as there is a contrariety of opinion upon
the subject, and so many honest, able repre-
sentatives of Slates are inclined to support the
amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, while so many others are not able to
arrive at that conclusion. The honorable Sen-
ator from Connecticut, [Mr. Ferry,] on the
day before yesterday, used the following lan-
guage :
"The amendment of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, in my judgment, strikes down the very bul-
warks of civil rights throughout this whole country.
It takes away the toilridation principle upon which
our federal system rests, by striking at the principle
of local self-government the most vital blow that it
has received since the foundation ol the Govern-
ment."
Mr. President, that is very strong, decided
language, and is entitled to much considera-
tion in the Senate from the fact that the I'epub-
lican Senator fiom Connecticut lias looked at
this subject coolly, dispassionately, and without
the influence of feeling, such as often operates
upon other men of a different temperament
from himself; and after making this sweeping
charge against this amendment, having slept
upon his speech of that day, he came into the
Senate yesterday, and then said:
" The amendment proposed by that Senator and
the amendment proposed by the Senator from Wis-
consin alike, are argued here upon principles which
are fatal to the rights of the people of the Mutes
as citizens of the States, and which tend directly to
consolidate all authority in this nation into one
imperial Government."
If the Senator from Connecticut is justified
ill uttering language such as that in the pres-
ence of his loyal, careful, thoughtful constit-
uents at home; if he feels it incumbent upon
himself, who so seldom occupies the time of
the Senate, and never without having that to
utter which has burdened his heart and which
must in justice to his conscience be uttered,
then it becomes not only Senators, but all the
constituencies represented here, to pay particu-
lar attention to the subject, to the principle
referred to, and to the general discussion. I
must be permitted, before I proceed, to read
another extract from the speech yesterday
made by the honorable Senator from Connec-
ticut :
" Congress, upon the theory advocated bv the Sen-
ator from Indiana—and the Senator from Wisconsin
nius-t pardon me, but 1 cannot see the distinction m
principle between that theory and his own, although
l<e repio'oated, and I think deservedly, the theory
of the Senator trom Indiana— Conyrtas.upon the
theory that it is necessary to give to all citiyens the
equal protection ol the laws, that it is necessary to
secure all citizens in the right to life, liberty, and
property, may go into every city, town, borough, and
hamlet in the United States and enact ordinary police
taws, and put a Federal officer to keep guard over
your streets."
Mr. President, these are ominous words,
and 1 thereiore come to the discussion of this
subject not boastfully, but I rise as a matter
of iiuty merelv, and 1 shall be pardoned n 1
make a quotation from the concluding para-
graph from the speech of the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine, [Mr. Mobuill,] delivered a
few days since on this same subject; antt
