1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
17
through the last Congress, and, I believe, re-
ported nothing.
Mr. BECK. It arrived at no conclusion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I stand corrected ;
it arrived at no conclusion. Now, it is possi-
ble that the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads may be able to arrive at a conclu-
sion if the subject be referred to them. I
know they did once arrive at a conclusion
on the subject some few years ago, and a
unanimous one. I move, therefore, to amend
the resolution of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts by striking out the words "a select
committee," and inserting in lieu thereof
"the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads."
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I was upon
the select committee to which this subject was
referred during the last Congress, and if the
gentleman has any apprehension in reference
to that, he will find the views which I enter-
tained as a single member of the committee in
the minority report that was submitted to the
House. The experience which I had in that
committee leads me to believe, however, that
it is a subject of a great deal more importance
than at first view would strike the public. The
very suggestion of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] that it approaches a
matter valued by its owners at a great many
millions of dollars, the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] that
it affects the whole postal system, the sugges
tion that my colleague from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] is about to make, that it affects
the foreign relations of the country in the mat-
ter of ocean cables—any view of it that any
gentleman, who will listen to the suggestions
that that committee did for some considerable
time, may take, will satisfy him that no one
committee, as constituted in this House, can
take jurisdiction of the whole matter. The
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
so far as it affects the internal postal service
of the country, might with propriety consider
it; but it is impossible to separate that branch
of the subject from ocean cables, and it is
impossible to separate ocean cables from the
consideration of foreign relations. And, after
all, I think the Committee on Appropriations,
rather than any other committee, might feel as
if they ought to have this matter to consider,
if it is proposed to take very many millions of
dollars out of the Treasury to purchase these
telegraph lines.
It is a grave subject, worthy of the consid-
eration of the country, and one which is being
forced upon the consideration of the country
by the events and the tendencies of the age.
And if anything is worthy of the consideration
of a select committee to be appointed espe-
cially for that purpose—a committee that will
have the necessary time to devote to its con-
sideration—I think it is this subject.
If the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Randall] desires to suggest that the House
has no confidence in its Speaker, if he desires
by some amendment which he may indicate to
obtain a vote of want of confidence in the
Speaker of the House in the appointment of
such a committee, then let him bring forward
his proposition in that shape, and the voice of
the House, I doubt not, will satisfy the gen-
tleman.
Mr. RANDALL. I have nothing to say on
that point further than I have said.
Mr. DAWES. I was moved in this matter
of reference, not by any want of confidence in
the distinguished gentleman at the head of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads,
[Mr. Farnswortii,] or in the chairman of any
other standing committee, or in any other
standing committee, but by the fact that in
the last Congress, after some little investiga-
tion, though I myself failed to see that we
were at that time in a condition to come up to
the recommendation of the President of the
United States, I was led to see that the rami-
fications of the whole question were such that
42d Com, 2d Sess.—No. 2.
it could not with any propriety be referred to j
any one particular committee. I
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to call the atten- I
tion of the gentleman from Massachusetts |
[Mr. Dawes] to a particular point of his |
remarks, in order to suggest to him another j
very important view which we ought to take of ,
this question. I refer to the immense patron-
age which it is proposed to confer upon the j
appointing power. According to the estimates j
which have'bSen submitted to me, the number :
of persons to be appointed would necessarily i
be at least eight thousand to take charge of
this telegraphic business on behalf of the Gov-
ernment, and to discharge the duties that
would be imposed upon the Government in
case we should purchase all the telegraph lines j
and assume their control on behalf of the Gov-
ernment. To me the proposition is appalling,
and that consideration would control my vote
in any event, were there no other reason to
operate upon me. I think that consideration
is just as important to be considered as the
statement of the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Randall,] that it would probably
cost $35,000,000 to purchase the telegraph
lines in this country.
But I have sought the floor at this time for
the purpose of entering my protest against this
proposition in all its length and breadth. And
if it had not come from the Executive of the
United States in the form it does, I would
denounce it as the most extraordinary propo-
sition brought before Congress.
Mr. DAWES. Does not the gentleman see
the greater propriety of having it referred to a
select committee on account of the grave
objections to it which he says exist?
Mr. NIBLACK. I concede that there are
many reasons why this subject should go to a
select committee; and to that extent I concur
in many of the statements of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] But, as a
matter of courtesy to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, I shall support
the amendment of the gentleman from Illiuois,
[Mr. Farstsworth,] believing that it had better
go to that committee, and with the hope that,
if it shall go to that committee, their other en-
gagements will permit them to consider it.
But with this immense amount of money
involved, with the immense amount of patron-
age involved, I confess I feel a little unwilling
to trust any committee especially organized
for that purpose. I think the temptations are
too great to allow this subject to go to a com-
mittee that will not have much else to do. It
will be a committee organized for that espe-
cial purpose, prepared on all occasions _ to
consider it, ready to hear every suggestion
that may be made in regard to it; and it will
be made a point around which will concen-
trate all the influences which relate to this im-
portant scheme. I think, therefore, we should
not subject a special committee to the very
great temptations which such a proposition
would present. And having such unlimited
confidence in the gentleman from Illinois, the
chairman of the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Eoads, who has been appointed to
his position without reference to any specialty
of this sort, I would prefer, I think, to have
this matter go to his committee for the
present, rather than to a select committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to say a
word or two in reply to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] So far as this
subject of a postal telegraph affects our for-
eign relations, as well might the argument be
made that the question which has already
been referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads in regard to the for-
eign postal system should be referred to a
select committee, as that this subject must go
to such a committee. The Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads takes jurisdiction
of all matters appertaining to our foreign
postal arrangements. Il is not proposed by
the President that we shall acquire foreign tel-
egraphs—not at all; it is only proposed that
we shall acquire the domestic telegraphs, under
the statute of 1866, which authorizes the Gov-
ernment to take possession of these telegraphic
lines at their appraised value. Nobody pro-
poses that the Government shall take posses-
sion of foreign telegraphs and incorporate
them into our postal system; so that this
matter has no sort of connection with our
foreign relations. It does have something to
do with appropriations, as my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] has suggested;
and I should not object to sending the subject
to the Committee on Appropriations, for from
th^t committee must be reported the appro-
priations necessary to buy out the telegraph
companies, the stock of which has, I under-
stand, gone up already two per cent, sineethe
message of the President was promulgated
;otCL ua>jr >
Now, sir, it is proposed, I understand, by the
President and by the Postmaster General, to
establish in every post office in the United
States, where there is a sufficient number of in-
habitants, a telegraph office, and to make every
postmaster a telegraph operator, or else to put
an expert in his office to operate the telegraph.
It is proposed that we shall not only legislate
here for postroutes, but that we shall legislate
from year to year for telegraph routes ; that
every member of Congress, and every Delegate
from a Territory, shail come in here from ses-
sion to session with his little bill to establish
a telegraph route from one insignificant town
to another.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman from Illi-
nois will allow me also to suggest that the
measure proposed would place tlie postmasters
and telegraph operators in the employ of the
Government in possession of all the business
secrets of the country.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I was about to refer
to that point. It is proposed that the Govern-
ment shall do all the telegraphic business ; for
private citizens cannot compete with the Gov-
ernment in any kind of business which it un-
dertakes. The Government is a monopolist,
and must be such necessarily ; because no citi-
zen can compete with the Government in the
prosecution of any business. Whatever the
Government undertakes to do must be under
its conttol exclusively. If it undertakes tele-
graphing, it must do all the telegraphing of the
country, private, confidential, financial, and
commercial. Every member of Congress will
of course be importuned by his constituents to
secure the establishment of a telegraphic sta-
tion at every post office, involving the employ-
ment, at a high salary, of an operator, an expert
in manipulating the wires. We shall be called
oirto establish wires all over the country arid
throughout the Territories, to every little remote
place. All these telegraphic operators are to
be appointed by the Postmaster General, which
is another reason why this subject should go
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Koads. This business is all to be done under
the Post Office Department; and all the con-
fidential and business communications through-
out this country are to come under the view
of the various postmasters, who are to be ap-
pointed, as they are now appointed, on account
of their partisanship. All these things are to
come under the control and direction of tnc
Post Office Department. That is the propo-
sition of the President's message, and of the
Postmaster General's report. Therefore I do
not see the necessity or propriety of sending
this matter to a select committee. Here is a
standing committee not appointed with any
special reference to this subject, and therefore,
it is to be presumed, quite as fair a committee,
withregard to this question, as one that might
be specially appointed with reference to it; for
we do not want committees appointed here be-
cause they are in favor ol these projects, but
because they are against them.
I do not wish to be egotistical, or arrogate
anything to my committee, the Post Qmce and
