1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3601
Mr. EDMUNDS. How many cases have
occurred since this class of bonds were issued
where application has been made for restitu-
tion?
Mr. SHERMAM. I cannot say. There are
probably forty or fifty cases pending in Con-
gress now. Many bills have passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have passed perhaps
half a dozen bills.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Maine
[Mr. Morrill] properly suggests to me that
to provide against all probable contingencies
we require a bond. That is all that would be
required by any tribunal in the world. I may
say that the bill in this respect as to these
bonds is precisely like the law as to registered
bonds now. This is only the extension to cou-
pon bonds of the law as to registered bonds,
but with many more restrictions, and carefully
excluding the cases of lost bonds or lost cou-
pons. It applies only to cases of the destruc-
tions of bonds by unavoidable accident where
the proof is clear.
_ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Tt is not aques-
tion whether the Government of the United
States ought to be guilty of the injustice of not
paying bonds that are destroyed; but the ques-
tion is, which is the best plan, what is the best
provision we can make? My objection is that
if we have a general law people are very skill-
• ful in taking the advantage of it. I think the
cases will multiply. Would we not do the
same justice by considering each case by itself,
and letting it pass through these committees ?
Our obligation to pay even for a destroyed
bond is very different from the obligation of
an individual, for these bonds, while they par-
take of the same character as the bonds of
an individual, also have the character of cur-
rency to a great degree, which nobody would
Bay it was injustice for us not to supply. But
I am in favor of paying for destroyed bonds,
provided both Houses of Congress in their
committees have passed upon them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather trust to
the Treasury Department.
Mr. COLE. As I understand this bill, it
provides for the replacement of bonds only in
case the number and denomination are capable
of being proved. This, it seems to me, is a
very inadequate remedy because there can be
only a small portion of the bonds that are held
by individuals known to the holders by num-
ber and date, and those that do not happen to
know the number of their bonds which are
destroyed, would therefore be entirely without
remedy. For this reason, it seems to me, the
bill is altogether inadequate to meet more than
a very few of the emergencies that may arise.
I remember when we first entered upon this
business of replacing lost bonds, I expressed
very great doubts as to. the propriety of
doing it at all, doubts as to the propriety of
the Government putting itself in the position
of an insurer of the safety of the bonds of those
who might hold them, and I still am inclined
to adhere to the same opinion that I had at
that time.
Now, sir, we do not refund or restore to an
individual a greenback when he has lost it.
If it is destroyed, no matter how, even if he
knows the exact character of it, the number
and date of issue, and all about it, the Gov-
ernment does not restore that; and yet the
greenback or United States note is just as
much the indebtedness of the Government as
the bond that is issued under the seal and
with coupons upon it. 1 can see no difference
in principle why the person who loses bis
greenback or his fracti.mal-eurreney note
should not be paid as well as the person who
owns a bond. I think we should move in this
direction with a great, deal of caution and be
sure not to go too far.
I am opposed to this bill providing a general
law by which persons can be furnished new
bonds for those which may be lost, lam glad
that the Government has been thus far so cau-
42D GONG. 2D SBSS.—NO 226.
tious in regard to this, and I believe we had
not passed more than two or three bills of
this kind before we found that we had actually
issued bonds to some persons for those which
were alleged to be lost, which proved not to
have been lost at all. It is a dangerous busi-
ness, and I do not think the Government
should be the insurer of the safe keeping of
the bonds. It may seem a little harsh, and it
is. It is a hardship for any person to lose his
property by fire, no matter what the character
of that property may be.
It is alleged in opposition to this view that
a man may recover upon a lost note. To be
sure that is the case ; but that is not a parallel
case. There are a great many bonds issued by
the Government, there are millions of bonds
and notes issued by the Government similar
in character; and now, inasmuch as those who
own bonds very rarely know their numbers,
and as this can afford but an inadequate rem-
edy, and is in fact a discrimination between
holders of bonds, in favor of the one who hap-
pens to remember the number of the bond
destroyed, and against the man who does not
know the number of the bond destroyed, I
think we have gone in this direction far enough.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. President, I desire to
say a word up this bill. It had my approval
in the Committee on Finance for the reason
that I supposed it was settled that if an indi-
vidual liacl a bond against the Government
which was destroyed without fault on his part,
acting in good faith, aud the proof of destruc-
tion was made clear and indisputable, made
incontrovertible, as has been said by the chair-
man of the committee, the Government ought
to make him whole. This is right; it is hon-
est. The Government can no more afford to
be dishonest or act unfairly toward a citizen
than a citizen can toward his neighbor. I
supposed it was settled, therefore, as the policy
of the Government that these bonds, if thus
destroyed and the destruction was proved thus
conclusively, the loss should be repaired.
Now, the question with me "was whether it
were better to have this done in the Senate and
the House, or to refer it to the appropriate
Department. My experience here is that it is
infinitely better to refer all such questions to
the Department where they can be more delib-
erately considered than they possibly can bo
here. It is suggested that by possibility mis-
takes may occur in this way. There is not half
the probability that you will have mistakes in
that way as if you refer them to committees of
Congress. It is said that there may be in-
stances where one man cannot make the proof
and another man can, and that therefore you
discriminate unjuftly against the man who is
unable to make the proof. That is but what
is true throughout life with reference to all
the affairs and transactions of life. A man
may have ever so honest a claim against
another ; and yet if his proof is not sufficient
be fails. Another has the proof, aud he sus-
tains his claim.
The only question in this case in my judg-
ment is this: is it better that this matter shall
go to the committees of the Senate and the
House of Representatives, or to the Depart-
ment? While I have the utmost confidence in
the fidelity and industry of the committees of
this body, and especially the Committees on
Finance and on Claims. I nevertheless believe
just as well and just as certainly that these
claims can be better attended to and the Gov-
ernment be more certainly protected if they
go to the Department of the Treasury than to
these committees. With the large amount of
business we have to do, it is utterly impossible
that we can give tlie attention to them that
they demand; and the bill, guarded as it is,
providing that there shall be no fault upon the
part of the applicant, and that the proof shall
be conclusive in its nature, approximates cer
tainly as nearly as it is probable you can in
human affairs. 1 say that Congress relieves
itself of a large amount of business that never
ought to come before it, by the passage of this
bill; and I say this generally, Mr. President,
that in reference to all these private claims, in
proportion as you can refer them to tribunals
outside with sufficient and proper guards, in
the same measure you leave to Senators and
members their time and attention for matters
that are more important, and in proportion as
our legislation drifts in that direction iu the
same proportion are we doing justice to our-
selves and consulting the best interests of the
country.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I gave my
assent to this bill because I believe it is the
policy established by Congress that where suf-
ficient proof is given of the absolute destruc-
tion or defacement of a bond a duplicate shall
be given in return. This bill contains every
safeguard that has ever been incorporated into
any bill that has been passed by Congress on
this subject—and I think with even greater
particularity—to guard against any fraud. It
strikes me that the Treasury Department will
examine these cases with as much scrutiny,
with as much care as any committee of Con-
gress. I do not see that it is unsafe at all, any
more than it is to allow these claims to go be-
fore a committee of Congress to be considered.
It is said that a bill of this general character
is unsafe. It strikes me that there is some
peril in any case; but there is no more cer-
tainly in this than in any other.
The VICE . PRESIDENT. The question
is on agreeing to the amendment reported by
the Committee on Finance as a substitute for
the House bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. The amendment was ordered to be en-
grossed, and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
charles a. weidner.
Mr. SCOTT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House bill No.
1094.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1094) for the
relief of Charles A. Weidner. It provides for
the payment to Charles A. Weidner of $6,000,
being the amount due him for columns, ba<es,
girders, wrought-iron bars for cell-gratings,
column and other patterns, and draining and
plumbing work, made and done by him lor tne
erection of the rfew jail iu the District of Co-
lumbia, by virtue of aud under a certain con-
tract made between- O. H. Browning, Secre-
tary of the Interior, and Charles A. Weidner,
under authority of the act of Congress approved
July 25, 1866, and the joint resolution ap-
proved March 2, 1867, concerning the jail,
and for damages suffered by him for non-com-
pliance by the United States of its part of
the contract. This sum is to be accepted in
full satisfaction for all claims whatsoever on
account thereof; and the columns, bases,
girders, bars, and patterns are to be the prop-
erty of the United States if removed from
Weidner's premises within one year.
The Committee on Claims proposed to amend
the bill by striking out, in lines twenty-one and
twenty-two, the words "if removed from said
Weidner's premises within one yearso that
the proviso will read :
And provided further, That the said columns,
bases, girders, bars, and patterns shall be the prop-
erty of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have the impression
that I have heard of this claim before, and not
always favorably. I thinkt hat the chairman
of the Committee on the District of Columbia
ought to be here before the matter is passed
upon, but I am not sufficiently familiar with
the facts about it to have any specific opinion
