18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
Post Roads, which does not belong to any other
committee ; but I do say, as a general rule, that
the fairest committees of the House are the
standing committees of the House. They are
appointed by taking up men from different
States in reference to the general subject, and
not with reference to any particular matter to
come before them.
Mr. Chairman, now it will relieve me from
considerable labor if this resolution passes as
it has been introduced. I have been once over
this whole subject. I am willing to say in
advance to the House that I have gone over
already the subject of postal telegraphs. I sat
and listened week after week, on one occasion,
to arguments pro and con on this subject. But
the present committee in the main has been
appointed since then. And I think my com-
mittee is prepared to sit down and listen quietly
again to arguments on the subject for or
against. I am willing to retire, so far as I am
concerned, from the committee-room. I am
willing to say in advance, openly and frankly,
that I am opposed to the whole system. I do
not believe, with the Postmaster General, that
any argument drawn from the adoption or suc-
cess of this system in Great Britain, or any
other old and thickly-settled countries, where
a new post office has not been established for
fifty years, is applicable to the condition of
our country and our institutions. An argu-
ment has been made in favor of this because
it has been adopted in Belgium, in England,
and in some other small, thickly-settled, and
wealthy States, where new post offices are
never heard of, where new post roads have not
been made during a period whereof the memory
of man runneth not to the contrary. Of course,
in small, thickly-settled, wealthy States, such
a telegraphic system may be a success. Bat
what sort of argument is that to apply to our
country and our institutions, where we have
unsettled or sparsely-settled regions of coun-
try thousands of miles in extent, with only
here and there a settlement? Is it proposed
to saddle upon the Post Office Department
and the Government of the United States the
expense of establishing a telegraph office at
every out-of-the-way place? Why, sir, it
becomes more monstrous the more you look
at it.
MESSAGE FROM TEE PRESIDENT.
The committee informally rose, and a mes-
sage in writing was received from the Presi-
dent of the United States by Mr. Porter, one
of his Secretaries.
president's annual message again.
The committee resumed its session. •
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Chairman , one part of the
subject embraced iu this resolution is already
proposed to be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs—that in relation to ocean
cables. The subject of ocean cables comes
under the designation of foreign affairs in two
aspects. In the first place, it concerns our
relations with foreign nations; and in the sec-
ond place, it can only be arranged by treaty.
A resolution offered by my colleague, which
has already been read, refers all matters arising
under treaties with foreign nations to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs; and I think so much
of this resolution as touches the subject of
ocean cables should be left with the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, to which it properly belongs.
The subject of ocean cables has never been
considered by any other Department of the
Government except the State Department.
It can only be arranged by treaty. It touches
closely our relations with foreign nations, and
should be left to the regidar standing commit-
tee on the subject. I do not think a select
committee on postal telegraphs is absolutely
necessary. I admit it is a question of great
importance, so far as accommodation to the
people is concerned. It strikes me, however,
that the regular standing committee of the
House, if it be not prejudged on the question,
 8 competent to consider and report on it
fairly; and I believe that it is far better for
the interests of the country, as well as for the
business of the House, that select committees
should not be appointed, whenever there is a
permanent standing committee which has a
complete and perfect jurisdiction over the sub-
ject which it is intended to act upon.
The House cannot have forgotten that at the
last session—I think it was the last session—of
the last Congress a proposition was made for
the appointment of a select committee on this
very subject of ocean telegraphs under cir-
cumstances to which the attention of the
House was called in a very marked manner.
The proposition then was not only to appoint
a select committee on the part of the House,
but to join it with a select committee on the
part of the Senate, and to give that committee
the right to report on that subject at any time
it might choose, thus enabling the commit-
tee to override all other legislation and all
other business which did not come under
the same special privilege. Now, if a select
committee is appointed, it is very likely that
some other subsequent action will attach these
privileges to this committee, and I do not think
it necessary or advisable or wise to give the
committee such power. At any rate, I hope
that that part of the resolution which touches
the subject of ocean cables will be excluded
from this resolution. I move, therefore, if
the motion be allowable, to strike out from
the resolution under consideration so much as
refers to ocean cables, which, as I have said,
is already embraced in another resolution.
Mr. BECK rose.
Mr. DAWES. I accept the modification
of the resolution proposed by my colleague,
[Mr. Banks.]
Mr. BECK. I only desire to say a word. I
was a member of the select committee of eight,
which investigated this question most carefully
during last Congress. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] was also a mem-
ber. Mr. Washburn, ofWisconsin, was chair-
man. Mr. Woodward of Pennsylvania, Mr.
Palmer of Iowa, Mr. Lawrence of Ohio, Mr.
Davis of New York, and Mr. Ferris of New
York, were the other members. We sat for
weeks, hearing statements on the subject, and
all sorts of propositions. Frequently we sat
nights as well as days ; and I desire to say to
the House that gentlemen have all understated
the number of employes, the cost to the Gov-
ernment, and the amount of patronage it would
give to the Postmaster General, and that adding
this service to the Government now would just
have the result which the minority said it would
have, and in whose conclusions I understand
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
agreed. On the committee I differed from both
sides, and opposed either the Government
undertaking the service itself or going into
partnership with any corporation, on the ground
that it would produce just what the minority
said it would, a political monopoly, and give
to the Postmaster General, to begin with, the
control ot what they here enumerate:
'The United States have about five thousand tele-
graph stations, seventy-five thousand miles of line
and oyer seven thousand employes, and transmit
overeleven million five hundred thousand messages
annually. Under the Government plan there will'be
at least twenty thousand telegraph offices, one hun-
dred and fitty thousand miles of line, and from
twenty thousand to twenty-five thousand employ^s.''
That is from the report made by the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Palmer,] and indorsed
by the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] himself. They went on to show that
the lowest estimate of it was $40,000,000,
while the owners of the lines were claiming
an amount very largely in excess of that. My
friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] must
see, therefore, that he has understated what
the system would cost the Government by one
half. J
Mr. RANDALL. I always like, if I err,
to do so on the safe side.
Mr. BECK. And the gentleman from Indi-
ana [Mr. Nielack] wiil find that the number
of emp!oy6s would be twenty-five thousand
instead of what he has stated. The minority
stated what to my mind is the great objection
to the proposition in the following paragraph
of their report:
" A governmental telegraph could b© used for po-
litical purposes, through its army of officeholders,
and the facility of using its wires. The temptation
would bo so strong, and the difficulty of detection
so great, that it may well be doubted whether any
administration would refrain from such use. This
would be impossible under the postal telegraph,
when every telegram must be transmitted by a third
party, and full compensation paid for its transmis~
sion. A governmental telegraph would concentrate
power in the General Government, and while this
tendency is in harmony with the principles of arbi-
trary and monarchical Grovemments.it is opposed to
our institutions. Our Government does the least
through official agencies, the most through the
people. The national banks arc chartered as part
of the fiscal system ; railroads to open the western
territory; steamship companies to carry the mails,
and the postal telegraph company to transmit tele-
grams/'
These views I cordially indorsed, and I
therefore opposed that scheme. On the other
hand, the chairman of the committee, in the
course of the investigation, showed that the
proposed partnership between Mr. Hubbard's
company and the Government, which the
minority report advocated, was a swindling
scheme. He showed in his report that what
the minority indorsed was only a proposition
made by private corporations to get the Gov-
ernment aid in such a form that if they made
money they could keep it, and if they did not
make money tliey would not be the losers. I
quote from the report of the committee,
page 50:
"If it should prove, as Mr. Hubbard has shown
would be the fact, that bis company would lose
money, what would be the effect ? We prefer to let
him state in his own words, (page 152:)
" 'Mr. Beck. You fix rates that you say will pay;
but the Government has to come to whatever rate
your company will ultimately say is necessary ; and
what surety has the Government that it will not
have to do it?
"'Mr. Hubbard. Well, sir, as I say, Iwill admit
that if thirty-seven and a half cents will not pay,
I have no doubt that the Government would come
in and take the lines, as they have a right to do,
at an appraised value, and that a very low one.
"'Mr. Beck. Then you fallback on the plan of
Mr. Washburn?
"'Mr. Hubbard. Yes, sir; fori must say in all
honesty, that I do not believe that when the people
have once tasted a low telegraph they would ever
consent to have it raised, no matter what the cost
to the Government might be.
"' Mr.WASHBURN. No more than they would con-
sent to raising the rates of postage.
*7 Mr. Hubbard. Not half so much. When once
they have a telegraph at these reduced rates, they
will never give it up.
"'Mr. Beck. It would operate,then, in this way :
that if the rate was fixed at thirty-seven and a half
cents, and the people would not consent to have it
raised, then the people of the country that did not
use the telegraph would have to be taxed the differ-
ence# between the amount fixed and the amount
required to pay the expenses in order to keep it
cheaper.
!^'Ir. Hubbard. I have no doubt that that would
be the case, but I do not think such a contingency
possible.
"'Mr.Washburn. It comes to this: if you lost
money at your rates, you would throw it up and
eo4!?1Pel the Government to take it off your hands.
Mr. Hubbard. No, sir; not exactly. I say if
we lose money there are two remedies: Congress
may allow us to put up the rate3 (which he has just
said the people would never submit to.) and make
selt-supporting, or, under the provisions of
tne bill, purchase the lines at an appraised value,
ana get them cheaper than they can get them under
your Dlan.
'Mr. Washburn. If you are losing money you
will not run the institution a great length of time;
ana it you are making money, and get more than it
costs, you would keep it and go on with it.
-urUBBARD* Yes, sir; certainly.
*j j* ashburn. That would be rather a one-
sided operation ; if it pays you run it, if it don't pay
you throw it up.
Mr. Hubbard. Yes, sir, and lose our entire in-
vestment. thirty or forty million dollars.'
•rr A*5 j ® committee do not understand that Mr.
Hubbard, in case of the failure of his plan, proposes
to give up_ his linos to the United States without
consideration^ the last above remark of his about
losing his entire investment does not seem to be
applicable.
Proposition of Mr. Hubbard, reduced to
p'21T1 English, is this: * Help me to establish lines
or telegraph that I may transmit dispatches at
reducedbutnotcheaprates. Thehelp derivedfrom
tne Government will give mo a monopoly of tho
business of the country. If, by having that monop
