3602
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May IB,
of my own. Perhaps the Senator from Penn-
sylvania can explain it so that everybody will
be satisfied.
Mr. SCOTT. When this bill was reported,
as it was a House bill, I asked to have it con-
sidered. At that time the chairman of the
Committee on the District of Columbia asked
to have it laid over, and it was laid over at his
instance. He examined it, and was satisfied
■with it. There was a report with reference to
the former contract for building the jail in the
District of Columbia, in which fault was found
with that contract; but that report expressly
exonerated this claimant, and indorsed the
claim which he had against the Government
at that time. The chairman of the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, before his
absence recently, examined it, and told me
he was satisfied the bill ought to have passed.
I would have called it up during his absence,
but awaited his return, and am sorry he is not
now in the Chamber. The bill is eminently
just; it has been passed by the House of Rep-
resentatives, and this amendment has been
put on deemed necessary foV the protection of
the Government, and I desire its passage this
morning, as this day is assigned for private
bills in the House, and I wish it should be
passed so that the amendment may be acted
on there.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask the Senator if there
are not some other claims of the same kind
in reference to that jail, some other contractors
who have similar claims?
Mr. SCOTT, Not that I am aware of, but
I am not sure whether there are or not. This,
at all events, has passed the scrutiny of com-
mittees of both Houses.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and the bill read a third time.
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
T. !!. STKWART AND A. M'CONN.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 move to take up Senate
bill No. 645.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (8. No. 545) for the
relief of Thomas li. Stewart and Alexander
McConn, of West Virginia.
Mr. LOGAN. If there is any objection to
the bill, 1 will in a moment, explain it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 wish you would.
Mr. LOGAN. It is to reimburse the costs
and expenses of two soldiers who were sued in
an action of trespass for wounding a person
that, they were ordered to arrest belonging to
their regiment. They belonged to a regiment
of militia in Virginia, but by orders of the War
Department they were placed under command
of General Sclienck in his department. He
ordered them on duty, and when they were
called together to perform duty in repelling
the rebels in that portion of country, some
portion of the command deserted. These two
soldiers were sent after the deserters. In arrest-
ing one who was trying to escape and who re-
sisted them, they fired upon him and wounded
him. He sued them in an action of trespass
and recovered a judgment. They took an
appeal and the judgment was reversed, and
they were acquitted; but they expended the
amount mentioned in the bill, and the account
shows it was expended in defending themselves
against this action.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand that the
Senator says this act was done under the au-
thority of the United States.
Mr. LOGAN. Y'es, sir; it was under the
authority of General Schenck, who had com-
mand of that department.
Mr. EDMUNDS. All right.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The morning
hour has expired, and the Army appropriation
biil is before the Senate, the Senator from
Delaware having risen to debate the bill.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think this
bill will-pass in a moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Shall the unfin-
ished business be passed over ? The Chair
hears no objection, and the bill called up by the
Senator from Illinois is pending.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I simply want to in-
quire of the Senator from Illinois if he knows
the fact as to whether these men exceeded the
authority which they had from the command-
ing officer to make arrests. Sometimes mil-
itary officers, in executing an order, go beyond
what is proper tinder the circumstances.
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir; they merely exe-
cuted the order of arrest as given them by the
officer. I will state that the order was to
bring them back dead or alive. That was the
order they acted on. They brought back one
man not dead, but wounded. He sued them
in an action of trespass, and this is merely to
recompense them the expenses of the suit, not
to give them any pay.
Mr. BOREMAN. In answer to the inquiry
of the Senator from Delaware, I will state
that I was present at the trial of this case and
heard the instructions of the circuit court.
Judge Bond and Judge Jackson both presided,
one the circuit and the other the district judge ;
and the court instructed the jury in favor of
these defendants. There were eleven of the
jury, as I was informed, for finding a verdict
for the defendant, but one gentleman seemed
to be a little recusant and did not agree. Sub-
sequently the suit went off at the cost of the
plaintiff, but he was insolvent. I heard all
the evidence in the case, heard the instruc-
tion of the court, and the whole ease showed
that these parties were justified under the
orders they had in doing what they did, and
the instructions of the jury should have led
them to find for the defendants.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
.order of business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I rise to
ask that Senate bill No. 1086, to change the
location of the Railroad National Bank of
Lowell, Massachusetts, to the city of Boston,
Massachusetts, which was nearly read through,
may be finished and passed.
Mr. WEST. I am under the necessity of
calling for the regular order.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. This bill was
nearly finished a few days ago.
Mr. WEST. I must object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Army ap-
propriation bill is before the Senate as the
unfinished business of yesterday.
consular and diplomatic bill.
Mr. SAWYER. I desire to make a confer-
ence report on an appropriation bill.
Mr. WEST. I will not object to that.
The report was read as follows:
The committee of oonferenoe on the disagreeing
votes of tlio two Houses on the amendments to the
bill(II. R. No. 1323) making appropriations for the
consular and diplomatic expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1873, having
met, after full and free conference have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend to their respective
Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 5, 6, 7, and 21.
That tne House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Sen-
ate numbered 1, 4, 8, and 17, and agree to the same.
That the {Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the fourteenth
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the second amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: on
page 1 of the bill, at the end of line twenty-one, add
the following words: "fiooided, That on and after
June 3D, 1873, there shall be but one minister resi-
dent accredited to Guatemala, Costa Riea, Hondu-
ras, Salvador, and Nicaragua, and that the Presi-
dent be authorized to select the place of residence
for the minister in any one of those States:" and
the Senate agree to the same as so modified.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the eighteenth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendments :
on page 5 of the bill, line eight, strike out the fol-
lowing words: *'seven thousand five," and insert ia
lieu thereof the words " five thousand seven ; and
the Senate agree to T'sawybr,
simon cameron.
GEORGE VICKERS,
Managers on the part of the Senate*
thomas swann,
JAMES BROOKS,
J?. W. PALMER,
Managers on the part of the Homse.
Mr. BOREMAN. I should like to have
that report go over for a few minutes, until I
can have an opportunity to look into it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, it will be passed over.
The report was subsequently called up and
concurred in.
MIAMI INDIAN RESERVE.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed as con-
ferees on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 183) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Interior to make par-
tition of the reservation to Me-shin-go-me-sia,
a Miami Indian, Mr. Harlan, Mr. Pratt, and
Mr. Stevenson.
army appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill (H. R.
No. 1541) making appropriations for the sup-
port of the Army for the year ending June 30,
1873, and for other purposes, is now before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN. Pending that 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to state the question of order that was
submitted last evening to the Senate. A point
of order was made by the Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Stewart] on the amendment reported
from the Committee on Appropriations to be
found at the top of the sixth page of the bill,
repealing section nine of the act of March 3,
1871. The Chair, after expressing his opinion
upon it, as there appeared to be a desire on
the part of Senators that it should be submitted
to them, submitted, under the sixth rule, to
the Senate the question whether this amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Appro-
priations was in order.
Mr. COLE. If the Chair refers to me, I
do not ask that the question be submitted to
the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Chair
will decide that, in his opinion, under the
restrictive rule the amendment is not in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask, pending this
matter, that the resolution in regard to the
question of adjournment be passed. It is a
matter that ought to be acted upon one way
or the other.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the
appropriation bill, and without displacing it,
the Senator from Ohio asks to call up a reso-
lution offered by him yesterday., requesting
the House of Representatives to return the
resolution passed by the Senate on the subject
of final adjournment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not. I think
that resolution ought not to pass.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Ohio has asked that it shall be considered.
Does the Senator from Illinois objectto its con-
sideration ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do. I do not think
it ought to be considered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I move that the
pending bill be laid on the table temporarily,
with a view to acting on that resolution.
Mr. WEST. I ask whether the effect of the
adoption of that motion will be to restore the
Army appropriation bill to its place when that
resolution is disposed of?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state to the Senator froip Louisiana that the
bill will have to be called up by a vote of the
Senate if it should be laid on the table. The
Senator from Illinois has objected to its being
informally passed over. Informally passing
it over would bring it up by its own operation
after the resolution was disposed of.
