914
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
when the State of Maine comes here to utter
her voice—a State as true to human rights
and civil liberty as the State of Maine—when
her sentiments are uttered by her represent-
ative here, it becomes me, representing a con-
stituency so lately organized and having every-
thing yet to be built up from the foundation,
to pause and to ponder upon the words of the
Republican Senator from Maine before I assume
to doubt the truth of his position. He says:
"Imaintain that the bill of the Senator from
Massachusetts clearly and manifestly undertakes to
regulate these personal, social, religious, domicil-
iary rights of the people of the States; that it is
without warrant in the Constitution; that it is in
derogation of the great fundamental principle of
our system; that is, the supremacy of the General
Government within its sphere, the independence of
the States, and the reserved rights of the people."
Mr. President, the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is offered for the
purpose of securing to all citizens, irrespect-
ive of race, color, or previous condition of
servitude, the right to all the benefits of com-
mon carriers, of hotels, of the theaters, of the
churches, of the schools, and of such other in-
stitutions as are organized or chartered by the
States, or as are supported by taxes and as are
of similar character. I see no necessity for
us, as a Congress of the United States, inter-
fering in these matters by legislation from the
fact—and I shall make it personal to myself
and to my constituents, for the sake of illus-
tration—that in the State of Nebraska, with
our laws copied after the laws of the older
States, with an opportunity of culling from
them that which has been stamped by the ex-
perience of years—our laws, as your laws, sir,
guarantee to every man, without respect to his
color, the privilege of first-class transportation
wherever first-class transportation is sought—
the transportation of goods, of wares, of mer-
chandise—as freely for one class as for another.
1 hold, therefore, that there is no necessity in
the first place for any national legislation for
the purpose of guaranteeing that which we
already fully and unqualifiedly possess.
In regard to the hotels, it is the same; and
every one of the citizens of Nebraska who is
injured by a deprivation of rights on the part
of the railroads, on the part of any common
carriers, or 011 the part of the hotel-keepers
of the State, has an action for damages, and
the courts are open, ready to award all that
may have been suffered in damages. So far
as our theaters are concerned, we have never
come to the conclusion yet that if our theaters
should establish rules and regulations by which
one portion of our community should be ex-
cluded and another portion admitted, it, was
possible to ascertain by any standard of dam-
ages we had ever set up just how far a free-
born American citizen should be entitled to
damages in case he should not be admitted to
witness an exhibition of the performance of
"the Black Crookl'T We have never exactly
come to a conclusion as to how far it was
necessary for the Government of the United
States by legislation to follow a citizen of
Rhode Island, to follow a citizen of Maine, to
follow a citizen of any of the other States
into the State of Nebraska, and throw over
him there the mantle and the protection ot
the Constitution of the United States, for fear
that we might exclude him from the public
exhibitions in our theaters!
We never have come to the conclusion yet
that it was necessary that the national Govern-
ment should legislate in regard to who should
be admitted to the communion of our churches,
or what should be the rule of exclusion there.
We have always supposed that this was a
question which was out of the pale of ordinary
legislation. Indeed, we knew that it was; and
I aver here that the people of this countiy
know enough of constitutional and of national
and inalienable rights to know that it is not
within the domain of national legislation. We
have no idea that you have any power to go
into the State of Nebraska and. undertake to
regulate our cemetery associations, incorpor-
ated or unincorporated.
I therefore enter my protest against all this
species of legislation, whether it be upon
subjects specified in the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts, or whether it be
involved in any other bill touching this same
species of rights.
• But, Mr. President, we are informed that the
authority for this can be found in that clause
of the fourteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion which declares that " no State shall make
or enforce any law which shall abridge the
privileges or immunities of citizens of the
United States." Sir, that I understand is
directed to the State of Nebraska and to the
State of Rhode Island as well. That is a
warning to them from the fundamental law of
the United States that they shall be careful in
regard to their province and in legislation they
shall pot make or in administration enforce
laws which shall abridge rights and privileges.
Whenever the time shall come that laws have
been passed in the State of which I am a rep-
resentative which are supposed to be in viola-
tion of that clause of the Constitution of the
United States, I will not even then at first
commence to redress the wrong in this Cham-
ber; I will then demand that the question of
constitutionality be decided in the courts of
the country, and never, until after we have
failed in securing redress in the courts, will I
come to Congress for relief upon a subject of
that kind.
But further, this legislation is grounded, we
are told, on that clause of the same article of
the Constitution which forbids any State to
"deprive any person of life, liberty, or property,
without due process of law." When we shall
have interfered, when we shall have become
obnoxious to that provision and to that restric-
tion, then comes the time to arraign us, and it
is sufficient to seek for the tribunal when the
necessity arises.
It is also sought to be defended under the
next clause, which says that no State shall
"deny to any person within its jurisdiction
the equal protection of the laws." Sir, I
object not to the guarantee; let it stand, and
when the States shall be amenable, let the
redress be found, and not till then.
But we are also called upon to consider the
last clause of the fourteenth amendment:
the Congress shall have power to enforce, by
appropriate legislation, the provisions of this
article.
To enforce it when? Before it has been
violated? ^ No, sir; to enforce it never unless
the violations become so palpable as that in
the very last resort the people must appeal to
Congress for relief.
Mr. _ President, I believe that this species
of legislation had its origin in what were sup-
posed to be the necessities of the war. " I
understood the Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Nye] this morning to refer to the fact that
acts had been passed and that authority had
been given in some cases from the apparent
necessity of the ease, and I feel that we have
been legislating heretofore on subjects outside
of the Constitution, outside of the privileges
of a national Legislature, and invading the
rights of the States because it became neces-
sary to exercise so much, power during the
days of the great rebellion.
Mr. President, when we consider what great
power was exerted through the Republican
party, by means of the Army and war legislation,
during the rebellion, and pending reconstruc-
tion, it is no matter of astonishment that the
party should be loath to give it up, and before
subsiding to a peace basis in all things, should
run to excess in its use. But it is astounding
that when they are called upon to remember
that the Union is restored, and their acts may
be in violation of the Constitution, they should
be ready to apply the same rule of war—" the
end justifies the means."
By this most fallacious, and pernicious
course, the Army marches over the iines of
States, takes cognizance of questions purely
State and municipal, with all the confidence
of original jurisdiction and^conceded power.
Sir, I say that the principle which is invoked
in this amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts would lead 11s to the fame extreme
precisely as that in which we have been in-
volved by similar legislation in regard to an
election law. I read from the message of
Governor Geary, of Pennsylvania, to the Legis-
lature of that State of 1871, page 08. to snow
how far in the opinion of tie Executive of
a State we have already transgressed while
marching on the road on which we seem to be
traveling this morning ; ...
_" The employment of United States troops at elee-
lions, without the consent of the local and State 1
governments, has lately received considerable at-
tention and reprehension. It is regarded as an-
interference with the sovereign rights ot the States,
which was not contemplated by the founders of the
General Government, and, if persisted in,must lead
to results disastrous to peace and harmony. The
practice is one so serious in its character and so in-
jurious in its tendencies as to merit prompt consid-
eration and decisive action, not only by the General
Assembly, but by Congiess. One ot the complaints
of the colonists against the British king was the
oppression growing out of the assumption of this
power. They said: 'he has kept among us in times
of peace standing armies without the consent of our
Legislatures;' and what is especially pertinent to
the case in point: 'He has affected to render the
military independent of and superior to the civil
power.' The alleged authority for the use of troops
at our State elections is derived from the tenth sec-
tion of an act of Congress, approved May 31, 1S70,
entitled 'An act to enloroe the right of citizens of
the United States to vote in the several States of
the Union, and for other purposes,-' which author-
izes United States marshals to call to their assist-
ance ' such portion of the land and naval forces of
the United States, or of the militia, as maybe neces-
sary to the performance of the duty with which they
are charged, and to insure a faithful observance of
the fifteenth amendment to the Constitution of the
United States.' But it must be a ioreed construction
of this law that will justify the presence of armed
national forces at our places of election when no
necessity exists therefor; and where their presence
is calculated to provoKe collision." * * * *
"At the last October election. United Statestroops
were stationed m Philadelphia for the avowed pur-
pose of enforcing the election laws. This was done
without the consent, or even knowledge of the civil
authorities of either the city or the State, and with- '
out any expressed desire on the-part of thecitizens;
and as far as can be ascertained, without existing
necessity." '
Mr. President, I protest against the legisla-
tion contemplated this day by this amendment;
for the very same reason as that announced by
the Republican Governor of Pennsylvania, that
it is not called for, that it is not with the con-
sent of the States, that it is without the knowl-
edge of the people of the States, and without
there existing for it any necessity at all, and
that it is clearly an assumption on the part
of Congress of power over the lights and the
authorities of the people within the States. The
Governor of Pennsylvania says further:
"From a conscientious conviction of its import-
ance, I have called your attention to this subject. A
neglect to have done so might have been con-trued
as .m indorsement of a measure that meets mv un-
qualified disapproval. The civil authorities of Peun- ")
sytvania have always been, and are still, oompetent ^
to protect its citizens in the exercise of their elective ^
Iranetuse, and the proper and only time for United }
tetates military forces to mtervone, will be when the ;
power 0, the Commonwealth is exhausted and their I
aid is lawfully required." *
Mr. President. I have only to use this lan-
guage iu regard to the people of the State I
in part represent here, that the civil author-
lties of Nebraska have been, and still are,
competent to protect its citizens in the exer-
cise of their rights, and the proper and only
time for the United States to interfere will
be when the power of the Commonwealth is
exhausted, and when their aid is lawfully
required; and until such a time as that arises,
1 would protest against this legislation by rely-
ing upon the principles and relying upon the
propositions laid down by the Governor of
i ennsylvania when he protests against thus
crossing the lines of the State of Pennsylvania
without constitutional authority and without
any necessity wliaUiver.
