1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
19
oly, I can make money equal to earning dividends
of ten per cent, on a capital stock based on wires
put into the company at &250 per mile, being more
than double the cost, I havs got a big thing, which,
under my bill, the Government has no right to pur-
chase or take from me under five years, and then
only by paying cost, $250 per mile of wire, and ten
per cent, interest after deducting dividends, or by
paying its appraised value;' and as he says that the
true criterion for an appraisement would J>e the
value of the property as a means of earning money,
the value on this basis, if his scheme should prove a
success, would be almost fabulous.
"But suppose it should prove a failure; Mr. Hub-
bard's company will have in their control all the
lines of the country. The people, he says, once
haying ha.d a taste of cheap telegraphy, would never
consent to a return to old rates. The business of Lhe
country is dependent on the use of the telegraph,
and its suspension for a single day would bring loss
and disaster greater than the entire value of the
telegraph lines. Mr. Hubbard says to the Govern-
ment,; 'I am working at a loss, and can stand it no
longer. It is unjust to ask an enterprising and pa-
triotic citizen to longer sacrifice himself and friends
to benefit the public. The Government must buy
me out and nay me my price, or on such a day I shall
close my offices, discharge my operators, and stop
expenses and further losses, and will forfeit the
bond of $100,000, which I have given to perform the '
requirements of my telegraph bill.' It is clear, then,
that the Government and people would be left en-
tirely at the mercy of this company, and the final
result is,' Heads I win, tails you lose.'"
And when you understand this matter you
will fiod that each portion of the committee,
the majority and the minority, thoroughly de-
stroyed the proposition suggested by the other,
and that the only safety to this people, under
the exhibit made by that select committee, is
for the Government to keep clearof thematter
altogether. On the one side is a grand cen-
tralization and consolidation of twenty five
thousand employes in the Post Office Depart-
ment, and on the other an operation where the
Government is bound to lose, and the company
is bound to make whatever they see fit. And
the difficulty with any select committee, no
matter how it may be organized, is, that they
would be looking to these particular schemes,
and, perhaps, ought to ba appointed because
friendly to them. I believe that the Commit-
tee on Appropriations is the proper committee
to consider the subject. I believe that com-
mittee will be very careful how they recom-
mend anything that will take, not $35,000,000,
but $70,000,000, from the people in their pres-
ent condition. While I would be glad to see
the subject go to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, if I thought they all
felt like their chairman, the gentleman from
Illinois, I fear the power of the Postmaster
General, and the influence he can bring to
bear upon a committee appointed to attend to
the interests of his Department, when he would
have twenty-five thousand employes put under
his control by this scheme, and the secrets,
political and personal, and of every character,
of the whole people, and with authority to
extend the system not only to the twelve thou-
sand post offices now proposed, but to the
thirty-odd thousand tbat exist, and to swell
the army of officials from twenty-five thousand
to fifty thousand, as will be done in less than
four years if the Government embarks in this
scheme.
I want the subject to go to the Committee
on Appropriations, and let them look at the
money question as well as the other, if it is to
go to any committee of the House. I am afraid
of select committees, I do not care how con-
stituted. I believe the last select committee
on this subject was as well constituted as it
could be. 1 was a member of that commUtee,
and I suppose, as that Congress has expired,
it is not improper for me to say that while there
appeared to be a majority report,, the commit-
tee allowing the chairman to present a report,
the committee was in fact divided into three
divisions, and there was not a majority for
anything. I do not believe, if the matter
comes to be understood, that the Committee
on Appropriations will ever sanction this
Rcheme or consider it for a moment, and that
is why I favor its reference to that committee.
If it is to be referred to any committee, I want
it to go to the committee that is least likely
to favor it.
Mr. RANDALL. Will my friend allow me
to suggest to him that, even if the scheme be
adopted, any money expended on it will, of
course, have to receive the approval of the
Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. BECK. That is true; but I want the
question to be considered by a committee
which is not under the influence of any Depart-
ment or of anybody, and which has not been
appointed to look after the special interests of
anv particular Department of the Government.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] with his usual adroit-
ness in debate, has sought to place me in the
position of finding fault with the Speaker of
the House. I take back nothing that I have
said. I reiterate that the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, as originally appointed, not
by the present Speaker, but by the gentleman
who occupied the chair at the time, was formed
avowedly in the interest of the railroads, and
that the members of that committee, chosen
from the minority, were not gentlemen who
represented the Democratic sentiment on the
subject, but were gentlemen specially selected
as those who favored the grant of lands to the
railroads.
Mr. VAN TRUMP. There was one who
did not.
Mr. RANDALL. Yes, there was one, but
he soon retired from the useless task of resist-
ing the scheme. I am speaking, however, of
the original committee.
Mr. DAWES. T would like to ask She gen-
tleman a question.
Mr. RANDALL. Not just now. I say that
it is customary for the Speaker of the House
to select a committee in favor of lhe project to
be examined into, and it is just here, at the
threshold of this scheme of plunder, as I be-
lieve it to be, that I want to stop it, and to
send it to some standing committee of the
House, either the Committee on Commerce or
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
I am informed that originally the whole of
these telegraph lines did not cost in cash more
than two or three million dollars, and yet the
companies have the effrontery to come in here,
when the value of these lines has appreciated
to the highest point, and ask that the Govern-
ment shall take them at that price, under the
act of July, 1866, which gave to the Govern-
ment the right to take them at an assessed
value. For myself, I have no confidence in
the scheme. It would lay open the whole
business of the country to the scrutiny of some
designing man, perhaps, who might be put at
the head of this Department of the Govern-
ment. We have had experience enough in the
matter ofhunting up the private telegrams of
the people of this nation. I think the expe-
rience we have had in the past should warn us
against any further steps in that direction. I
hope the House will have the good sense to
put a stop to this thing at once.
This is a beautiful specimen of your civil
service reform. Instead of cutting down your
expenditures, instead of diminishing your num
ber of employes, as we have all said we were
in favor of doing, you propose by one single
enactment to increase, according to the state-
ment of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck,] the appointees of the Government
by twenty-five thousand. Now, let us see who
is in favor of this project of increasing the
expenditures and the number of officials of
this Government. It is surely not in accord
with the platform of either political party
in this House, as submitted through their
national or State conventions.
Mr. PALMER. Neither the President of
the United States in his message, nor the Post-
master General in his report, has made any
specific recommendation of any plan on this
subject. They submit that question to the
Congress of the United States. During the
last Congress there was a special committee
appointed to investigate this subject, and they
gave to it more time than the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads could have given
it. And therefore there seems to be an appro-
priateness in sending this subject again to a
special committee. If there was any other rea-
son needed, it seems to me it would be fur-
nished in the speech which the chairman of
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads [Mr. Farxsworth] has just made, in
which he specifically commits himself against
any project to unite the postal telegraph sys-
tem with the Post Office Department. I hope,
therefore, that the resolution of the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, [Mr.
Dawes,] to refer this subject to a special com-
mittee, will be adopted.
Mr. DAWES. I do not know for what pur-
pose the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Randall] criticises the past Committee on the
Pacific Railroad.
Mr. RANDALL. Simply for their deeds as
exhibited in the legislation of the country.
Mr. DAWES. I failed to obtain from the
gentleman, while he was upon the floor, an
opportunity to ask him a question. I now
put the question to him directly : does he
make any such imputation upon the present
Committee on the Pacific Railroad ?
Mr. RANDALL. I stated that when the
original committee was appointed it was made
up almost exclusively in the interest of rail-
roads; and their votes in committee and
their votes in the House will prove the truth
of my statement.
Mr. DAWES. I only desire that the gen-
tleman will answer my question.
Mr. RANDALL. I have answered it.
Mr. DAWES. If that is all the answer the
gentleman has to make to my question, then
he has answered himself. He confesses, that
so far as the present Speaker of the House is
concerned, there is no just ground for criti-
cism upon the Pacific Railroad Committee,
and he has suggested no other.
Mr. RANDALL. I have expressed no
other opinion upon that subject so far as the
present Speaker is concerned.
Mr. DAWES. Then there is no occasion
for that part of the gentleman's remarks
against the propriety of intrusting the pres-
ent Speaker with the appointment of another
special committee. If he has no complaint
to make against the present committee in that
regard, there is no occasion for him to make
any argument.
Mr. RANDALL. I cited that as an in-
stance against the appointment of special
committees.
Mr. DAWES. I understand that the gen
tleman's great grievance is that this is to be a
special committee. Can he not trust the
Speaker to appoint a special commiitee just
as much as he can trust him to appoint a
standing committee ? I do not know what
elements in the Speaker's character for im-
partiality are called into exercise in the ap-
pointment of the one committee, rather than
in the appointment of the other. The ques-
tion, Mr* Chairman, is whether a special com-
mittee can give its attention to this matter
better than a standing committee, that has so
many other matters committed to it. The
difference between the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Randall] and one or two other
gentlemen who have spoken and myself is just
this : they prefer to decide this question before
they have heard it; I had a little rather decide
it, after [ have heard it.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question light at, this
point?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. ELDRTDGE. I wish to know from
the gentleman, as the representative man of
the majority in this House upon its leading
