1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1811
the months of January, February, and March,
1864.
The amendment of the committee was read
as follows:
Amend by inserting the word "April," after the
word "March," in the seventh line.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
cilaltllss ii. carpenter.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported back adversely a bill (H.
R. No. 925) for the relief of Charles H. Car-
penter, of New Haven, New York; and the
same was laid on the table.
willia5i t. ciieateiam.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the same
committtee, reported back adversely a bill (H.
R. No. 537) forthe relief of William T. Cheat-
ham; and the same was laid on the table.
burtliff and case.
x Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported back adversely the peti-
tion of Messrs. Surtliff & Case, of Cleveland,
Ohio; and the same was laid on the table.
joseph iiarkins.
Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio, also, from the same
committee, reported back adversely a bill (H.
E. No. 1052) for the relief of Joseph Harkins;
and the same was laid on the table.
children oh john m. baker,
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, from the Com-
mittee'of Claims, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2040) for the relief of the children of John
M. Baker; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill, which was read, provides that there
be allowed and paid, out of any money in the
Treasury not. otherwise appropriated, to the
children of John M. Baker, deceased, late
United States consul at Rio Jaueiro, the sum
of ยง16,0GG G7, for services of said Baker as
acting charge d'affaires of the United States
^t the court of Brazil m the year 1884.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
redick m'khb.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, also, from the
same committee, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2041) for the relief of Redick McKee ; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
memorial of claims of Redick McKee, late
disbursing agent of the Indian department in
California, be, and hereby are, referred for
examination and settlement to the Secretary
of the Interior. If the Secretary shall find
the allegations and statements of the claimant
verified by the records of the Department or
other satisfactory evidence he shall allow him
such relief as may be equitable and just, to be
paid out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read tile third time, and passed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
fannie m. jackson.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, also, from the
same committee, reported a bill (H. 11. No.
2042) for the relief of Fannie M. Jackson,
of the State of Tennessee ; which was r6ad a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay to Fannie M. Jack-
son, of the State of Tennessee, the sum of
$1,890, being in full for twelve-bales of cot-
ton seized by agents of the Treasury Depart-
ment, sold, and the proceeds covered into the
Treasury of the United States.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid oil the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order op business.
Mr. PALMER. The morning hour having
expired, I move that the rules be suspended,
and that the House resolve itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union
for the further consideration of the Post Office
appropriation bill. But pending that motion,
I yield for a moment to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] who desires to
make a statement.
treaty of washington.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, by order of
the House some time ago the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 488) to carry into effect
the provisions of the treaty between the United
States and Great Britain, signed in the city of
Washington on the 8th day of May, 1871, re-
latingto the fisheries, was assigned to this day.
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, which
reported this bill, has instructed me to move
that its further consideration shall be post-
poned until this day four weeks. I make that
motion, and call the previous question upon it.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. 1 desire
to make a parliamentary inquiry. I wish to
know, if this is to be made a special order at
the time to which it is postponed, whether it
does not require unanimous consent.
The SPEAKER. It does not. This is a
special order to be considered from day to
day until disposed of, and is to be postponed
as a special order. It is subject to postpone-
ment by the House on any motion that would
be in order under the rale. In other words,
the order neither loses nor gains by the action
proposed by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Banks.]
The question being put on the motion of
Mr. Banks, it was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the motion was agieed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
commencement op fiscal year.
Mr. PALMER. I yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Nebraska [Mr. Taffe] to
offer a resolution.
Mr. TAFFE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted :
Resolved. That th e Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the law that hereafter the official year
shall commence on the 1st day of January, and
that said committee report to this House by bill or
otherwise.
sale op stamped envelopes.
Mr. TYNER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Post QjK'ee and Post
Roads, submitted a report on the petition of
certain envelope manufacturers, printers, and
stationers, asking that the sale of stamped
envelopes by the Post Office Department Jbe
prohibited by law, so as not to interfere with
their private business; and moved that the
committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the said petition, and that it
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TYNER also, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, and, under the law, referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That ten thousand extra copies of the "
report of tbe Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads on tho petition of ecrtain envelope manufac-
turers, printers, and stationers, asking the discon-
tinuance of the use of stamped envelopes, be printed
for the use of the House.
enfranchisement ok women.
Mr. SARGENT. I ask unanimous consent
to present in Open House, and to have referred
to the Committee on the J udiciary, a memorial
ftom certain persons in California, asking for
the enfranchisement of women in the District
of Columbia and in the Territories.
The petition I present is signed by four
thousand persons of California. I recognize
among the names many eminent for social
and political position, in business, literature,
and moral worth. It does not come from the
dregs of society, or from those who have no
stake in the well-being of our institutions. It
shows that the efforts for enfranchisement
made by the women of America have attracted'
the attention and sympathy of those whose
opinion upon a political or social reform is
of the highest value. For myself, 1 am in
full sympathy with the movement that aims
to give to our wives, daughters, and sisters
direct representation and responsibility in
making the laws that govern them. I believe
it will elevate politics and give to women a,
better chance in life than vast numbers of
them now have.
There was no objection ; and the petition was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
survey op lands in indiana.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, by
unanimous consent, from the Committee on
the Public Lands, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2048) to authorize the survey and sale of the
lands forming the bed of Beaver lake, m the
State of Indiana; which was recommitted to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
recommitted ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
memorial.
Mr. PACKARD, by unanimous consent,
presented the memorial of certain citizens
residing iti Michigan and Indiana; which was
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
UTAH SOUTHERN railroad COMPANY.
Mr. KILLINGER. I ask unanimous eon-
sent to report from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad House bill No. 1733, grant-
ing to the Utah Southern Railroad Company
the right of way through the public lands for
tbe construction of a railroad and telegraph
line. I will state that there is no subsidy in
the bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object to the bill.
LEAVE OP ABSBNCK.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Butleii, of Massachusetts, for
one week.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Co.uixso for two weeks.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Skatp for two weeks.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr Sepley" for ten cays.
B3' unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Butler, of Tennessee, for one
week.
post office appropriation bill.
Mr. PALMER. I rise for the purpose of
moving that the rules be suspended and the
