1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2707
major of the thirty-third regiment Ohio volun-
teers, to take effect from the passage of this
a°Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. Iwould
like to have the report read, or some state-
ment made in reference to this case.
The report was read.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I would
inquire the amount of pension per month that
this hill grants to the mother of this deceased
soldier?
Mr. MOORE. Twenty dollars a month;
he was a captain.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MARY A. SHOEMAKER.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2409) granting
a pension to Mary A. Shoemaker; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upou ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Mary A.
Shoemaker, widow of Horace Shoemaker, late
captain in the Missouri State militia, in lieu
of the pension now held by her.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MINOR CHILDREN OF B. F. BROWNS.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee. reported a bill (H. R. No. 2410) granting
a pension to the minor children of Benjamin
Fianklm Browne; which was read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would inquire
of the gentleman from Illinois, the chairman
of the Committee on Pensions, if all these
pensions are limited to the date of the pas-
sage ot' the act?
Mr. MOORE In all the cases I have pre-
sented, I think, the pension has been limited
to the date of the passage of the act. It any
bills have been passed extending the pension
beyond the time of the passage of the act, the
House need not have any apprehension that
they will pass at the other end ot the Capitol ;
but I think they are all drawn so that the pen-
sions shall date from the passage of the act.
Members of the committee have altered their
bills so as to conform with that rule of the
Senate with the exception of one or two cases
in the hands of .the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Peck,] which he prefers not to change,
but to leave to the aetiou of the House.
Mr. GARIIliLD, of Ohio. I think it _ will
facilitate the passage of these bills if it is
understood that that was the case unless
something was stated to the contrary.
Mr. MOORE. If any bill of the kind should
come in the attention of the House shall be
called to it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Of course I
do not mean to say that there cannot ever be
cases where we ought to go back, but when a
bill provides for arrears of pensions we ought
to know it.
Mr. KILLINGER. I have watched these
bills very closely, and I believe not one has
passed in whicii the provision was not that the
pension should date from the passage of the
act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
A. SCHUYLER SUTTON.
Mr. PECK, from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2411)
granting a pension to A. Schuyler Sutton;
which was read a first and second time.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the pro-
visions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of A. Schuyler Sutton, late a private in
company A, ninety fifth regiment Ohio vol-
unteers, at the rate of thirty dollars per month
from the passage of this set, and in addition
thereto to pay him at the rate of fifteen dollars
per month from December 15, 1863, to the
time this act shall take effect.
Mr. HOLM AN. This is a peculiar bill.
I trust there will be some explanation of it.
Mr. PECK. This is a very meritorious
case. Mr. Sutton was in the Mexican war in
1846 and 1847. At the breaking out of the
rebellion he enlisted as a private, went to
Columbus, Ohio, and was authorized by_ Gov-
ernor Tod to organize and drill the niuety-
filth Ohio regiment, with the promise that he
should be made its lieutenant colonel. Before
he obtained his commission he was^sent to
Kentucky, and immediately on his arrival
there he went into battle under General Nel-
son. He was wounded in the face, fracturing
both sides of the jaw. He is now deaf in one
ear, paralyzed in his liuabs, and unable to
properly masticate his food. He only asks
that he be put on the pension-roll as lieu-
tenant colonel, instead of his present rate of
pension of fifteen dollars per month. He was
a lawyer, but is now unable to attend to any
business. I really think this is a very merito-
rious case.
Mr. MOORE. I desire to make a state-
ment in reference to this case. This man was
a brilliant young lawyer. When he was or-
dered into battle he was acting as lieutenant
colonel, and his commission was expected;
everything had been done in good faith. His
wound was so terrible that for one whole year
the man was without consciousness. He was
a proud-spirited man, and during all these
years he has lived upon the means lie had,
feeling that he never would ask for relief from
the Government until driven to it by extrem-
ity. I have never heard of another such case.
It is one of the most peculiar cases. He was
never mustered into service, for he did not
know his own name for twelve months after
he was wounded. He has spent about eleven
thousand dollars of property that he had, and
is now utterly unable to do anything for his
own support. He asks no more than he ought
to get. Whether he will get it at the other end
of the Capitol or not, I cannot say; but I think
this House ought to grant it to him.
Mr. GARFIELD, ot Ohio. I desire to ask
the gentleman who has charge ot this bill if
it provides for vacating his present pension ?
If we are now to give him thirty dollars a
month, that should be in lieu of his present
pension of fifteen dollars per month. I sup-
pose it is not meant to give him this in addi-
tion to his present pension.
Mr. PECK. In the first place, he was
granted a pension of eight dollars per month,
which was afterward increased to fifteen dollars
per month. Now he asks that his pension shall
be thirty dollars per month as lieutenant colo-
nel. The committee think he should have it
in lieu of his present pension ot fifteen dollars
a month.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to amend
this bill so as to provide that the pension
hereby granted shall be in lieu of the pension
he now receives.
Mr. PECK. I have no objection, for that
is the intention of the bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. It seems
to me that there has been made a very con-
siderable provision for this suffering soldier.
And now it is proposed to go 'back and give
him $1,500 more, making $3,000 in all.
Mr. PECK. It is proposed to give him a
pension of thirty dollars a month.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. If I
understand this bill, it proposes to go back
and pay this man fifteen dollars a month in
addition to what he is already receiving.
Mr. PECK. It proposes that his total pen-
sion shall be thirty dollars a month from the '
time he received the wound.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. At what
time was he wounded ?
Mr. PECK. I think in 1863.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. Then
the bill proposes to extend this pension back
nine years.
Mr. PECK. This man after being wounded
was insensible for a whole year. He had some
little private fortune which is now exhausted.
It is a most meritorious case.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I move
to amend the bill so as to provide that this
^increased pension shall begin from the present
time.
Mr. PECK. I do not yield for any amend-
ment.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio whether it is the intention to deduct the
pension which has heretofore been paid to this
man ?
Mr. PECK. No ; the intention is to give
him thirty dollars a month from the date of
his injury. .
Mr. SMITH, of New York. I wish to ask
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Puck] due
question. I am in favor of this bill upon its
merits; but I wish to inquire whether this
case is not on all fours with the case in which
a veto message was received from the Pres-
ident of the United States to-day ?
Mr. MOORE. I have no doubt we shall
pass that bill over the veto of the President-
Mr. PECK. I call for a vote on the pas-
sage of the bill.
1 Mr. MOORE. I ask that the language of
the bill be so amended as to read '"acting
lieutenant colonel."
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Nib-
lack.) That change can be made by unani-
mous consent. The Chair hears no objection,
and the bill will be so amended.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. As_ the bill is
now amended it amounts to this : it gives this
man who acted as lieutenant colonel thiity
dollars a month from the date of his injury.
In other words, it adds to what he has already
received enough to make his pension thirty
dollars a month from that time. I think the
bill is ail right and ought to be passed.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PECK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed ; and also moved that
the motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
helen m. smith.
Mr. PECK also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2412) granting a
pension to Helen M. Smith ; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Helen M. Smith, widow of Pres-
ton T. Smith, who died at Beverly, West Vir-
ginia, in February, 1862, while in the employ
of the Government, the pension to be at the
