20
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 5,
committee, whether it is not the parliament-
ary custom, at all events one that has pre-
vailed for a considerable length of time in this
House 
Mr. BINGHAM. And in the English Par-
liament.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. And in the English Par-
liament also, as suggested to me. When a select
committee is appointed to examine a given
subject, does not the practice require the
Speaker to appoint upon that committee mem-
bers who are in favor of the project, and who
are also of the majority ?
Mr. DAWES. I understand it to be the
parliamentary rule that when you submit a
matter to a special committee there shall be
a majority in favor of such matter being sub-
mitted to that committee.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I did not understand the
gentleman's answer. Will he restate it ?
Mr. DAWES. I tried to make myself ex-
plicit. As _ I understand parliamentary law,
when a project is referred to a special com-
mittee it requires the appointment of a com-
mittee with a majority in favor of the special
reference.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does it not go further,
and require the officer making the appoint-
ment to appoint a committee .a majority of
whom are in favor of the project?
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Chairman, I do not
understand that there is any project recom-
mended here. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Randall] has come before this
House and stated that here is a corporation
that has inflated its stock to thirty or forty
million dollars, and has the effrontery to come
before the Congress of the United States and
ask them to purchase its property at that
enormous rate. Why, sir, the gentleman does
not understand the relations of this matter any
more than a baby. The corporation to which
he refers arrays itself with all its power of
money and of influence and of ramification,
reaching from Maine to Georgia, and from
the Atlantic to the Pacific coast, against any
such proposition. The gentleman from Ken-
tacky [Mr. Beck] will do me^ the justice to
say that while upon that special committee,
representing upon it the Committee on Appro-
priations^ I stood up with him against the
embarkation by this nation in any such project
as taking money out of the Treasury for the
purchase of that enormous property; and the
gentleman ought to give me the credit of
having turned the scale upon that question in
that committee.
Mr. BECK. Allow me to say that what the
gentleman from Massachusetts has just stated
is the fact; and it is a fact, also, that the West-
ern Union Telegraph Company did oppose, by
every means in its power, the purchase of the
telegraph lines by the Government. I under-
stand, however, from the public press—my
only means of information in reference to this
matter—that the company has now changed
its position, and is most anxious to have this
measure accomplished. That is one reason
why I fear the project.
Mr. DAWES. The proposition will not, Mr.
Chairman, commend itself any more to me
if that change should have taken place. I
foresaw it in the last Congress. The gentle-
man from Kentucky ought to have whatever
credit there may be in having stood with me
in this matter from the beginning to the end.
I do not enter into the discussion of the
merits of this matter. I stand where the Presi-
dent stands in his message, submitting this
matter for the consideration of Congress. In
any view that can be taken of the question,
its magnitude must press itself upon every fair
and candid mind.
There are two sides to it, which ought to be
weighedand considered. There are objections
to it, serious ones, such as have been suggested
by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farxs-
woeth, j the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Niblack,] and others—objections that must
strike everybody who looks at the subject. On
the other hand, the proposition appears to
offer some great advantages. The matter de-
serves such consideration, Mr. Chairman, as,
in my opinion, it cannot receive from any
standing committee of the House, discharging
properly the duties devolving upon it under
the rules.
In moving this reference, it has not been in
the slightest degree my intention to give any
project any advantage, apart from the fair sub-
mission of the question for consideration. It
is my belief that a special committee, having
no other matters to interfere with the consid-
eration of the subject, will better develop the
true interests of the Government in this con-
nection than can be done by any standing
committee. I believe that the Committee on
Appropriations has quite as much if not more
interest in the consideration of this matter
than the Post Office Committee can have.
With entire confidence in those two commit-
tees, I believe that this great subject will have
a fairer and more satisfactory examination in
a select committee, and that the conclusion
will more probably be such as will commend
itself to the economy of the House, and main-
tain those safeguards which must be thrown
around patronage and power. I wish it under-
stood that I do not doubt the subject would
receive at the hands of the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads fair consideration.
The gentleman from Illinois, however, has
already committed himself adversely to the
proposition. Having recorded his opinion
against it, he now proposes to sit in judgment
upon it; and I really think, on that account,
if no other, it would be proper to raise a select
committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman from
Massachusetts admits the majority of the select
committee must he in favor of it.
Mr. DAWES. I admit the majority of the
select committee must be in favor of consid-
ering the subject.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. So do I.
Mr. DAWES. Not- that the majority of the
committee must be in favor of purchasing
telegraph lines according to anybody's scheme,
and uniting them with the postal service of
the Government of the United States. Nobody
suggests any such scheme as that; and in any
appointment of the committee, the Speaker
would not have the right to make it in favor
of any such project. But the committee will
be appointed, as I have no doubt the Speaker
will appoint it, uncommitted, except to con-
sider the whole subject, all the various projects
which may be suggested, and to bring before
the country, as I believe such a committee
will, such a report as will relieve us from fur-
ther anxiety on this subject.
Mr. CONNER. I call for the reading of
the resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Jiesolvedt Th at so much of said message and docu-
ments as relates to the union of the telegraphic
system-of the country with the postal servico of the
btovernmenf. and all other questions relating to land
and ocean telegraphs, be referred to a special com-
mittee of nine members.
Mr. DAWES. Theword "ocean" has been
stricken out.
The CHAIRMAN. Notyet; butthat amend-
ment is now pending.
Mr. BANKS. I believe my colleague ac-
cepts the amendment as a modification of the
resolution.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. CONNER. I can find nothing in that
resolution warranting a general discussion,
it is simply a resolution to refer a portion of
the President's message; no more, no less.
Xne merits or demerits of onr telegraphic sys-
tem are not before us.
Mr. Chairman, the propriety of establishing
the proposed telegraph system is one every
way worthy of discussion when the proper
P time comes. There are, I have no doubt, a
j! good many of us who have something to say
ij on the subject; but, before entering upon any
j; such discussion, I would like to have before
'< the House something tangible, covering the
whole ground, so that every gentleman may
be prepared to vote intelligently. There seems
to be % rivalry between various committees as
to which shall have the investigation of this
matter. So far as I am concerned, it matters
not whether it goes to a special committee, to
the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads, to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
or to any other committee. To whatever com-
mittee it is referred, their report in proper
time will come before us, and then will be the
proper time for this discussion. I hope we
shall now have a vote.
Mr. BECK. I move to amend the motion
of the gentleman from Illinois so that this
shall be referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I accept that as a
substitute for my own amendment.
Mr. KING. I move to amend by striking
out the resolution which proposes to refer to
a select committee the subject of purchasing
the telegraph lines by the Government. I sub-
mit the motion in order to make up the record
as we go along in this matter. It appears, from
what has been said in the House, that the re-
ports of previous committees on this subject
have been made and considered; that the mat-
ter has been fairly developed, and that all the
information which can be presented has been
acted on by committees heretofore. Standing,
as I do, opposed to the whole project, I desire,
with all due respect to the President of the
United States, and the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, to move to strike
out the resolution which I have indicated, in
the way of entering my protest against the
whole scheme. I do not propose to go into
any discussion, or into any detail in regard to
this matter. I make the motion to strike out
in order that we may stand properly before
each other, and I trust we shall now have a
vote.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the
resolution in the shape in which it was intro-
duced by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Dawes] will prevail. At the last ses-
sion a special committee was appointed on the
subject. While my own mind is uncommitted
on the general question, I do not regard this
as the proper time to discuss its merits. Yet
1 will say that I have had occasion during the
recess to ^ look over the great body of docu-
ments which the committee having charge of
the subject gathered together during its work.
The late chairman of that committee—Gen-
eral Washburn, of Wisconsin—sent the docu-
ments to me for my inspection. They are
voluminous and valuable, and it seems to me
that no one of the standing committees of the
House can properly take on its shoulders this
large amount of additional work. So far as
the Committee on Appropriations, to which I
belong, is concerned, I am satisfied that it has
enough to do without such increased duties.
01 course, I see that this subject nearly con-
cerns the appropriation of moneys out of the
ireasury. And I have no doubt tbat the sub-
ject, m some of its phases, would go into the
hands of that committee. But, first of all,
K ?I681'? (!ues^on whether the Government
should take charge of the telegraphic service
ot this country, and make it a part of our
postal system, is not a matter of appropriation
primarily, js not a matter of foreign affairs
primarily, is not a matterof mere postal affairs
primarily; but concerns a great topic lying off
m a held by itself, which ought to be exam-
ined, surveyed, and reported upon. And
when the subject in its several aspects is ready
to go before the various committees, they
ought to have their say on it at the proper
time. But it seeias to me that at present the
