016
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
tecnth ward. Served a term of two years at Sing
Sine for felonious assault. .
"John, ulias Buckey, McCabe, supervisor eighth
di&triut, fifteenth ward. Charged with shooting a
man with intent to lull about a year ago.
"William P. Burke, supervisor twentieth district,
eighth ward. Served his term in tlie State prison
of Massachusetts for burglary; also two years in the
New York State prison. . .
" James McCabe, supervisor fourth district, eighth
ward. Now confined in the Tombs under indict-
ment for highway robbery.
" William Irving, supervisor fourteenth district,
eighth ward. Has served a term in Sing Sing prison
for burglary committed in the eighth ward, and
has never been pardoned.
"Patrick Henry Kily, alias Fred. Williams,super-
visor twenty-second district, eighth ward. Keeper
of a house of ill-fame; resort of the lowest and vilest
characters.
" Patrick Hefferman, supervisor of the tenth dis-
trict, sixth ward. Arrested some time since for
attempted murder.
"Frederick Sterringer, supervisor eighth ward.
Has been arrested several times for keeping dis-
orderly house.
" J. E.Baderhop, supervisor tenth ward. Arrested
for murder a few years since.
"Ed. "Weaver, marshal in eighth ward. Has been
but a short tiruo out of State piison, where he has
been serving out his sentence.
"Walter Prince, (colored,) marshal eighth ward.
Now in prison awaiting trial tor highway robbery.
"Andrew Andrews, alias Ilans Nicols, marshal,
Panel-thief; been sentenced two or three times to
State prison, and lias just returned from Blackw ell's
Island."
Mr. TIPTON. Thsttis only one of three lists
published in the New York World just before
the election in that city, and I present it as a key
to the character of the men who were appointed
in the city of New York by a United States
judge for the purpose of enforcing this law ;
and it is not the first time that the list has
been read in the hearing of the Senate. It
was presented by a Senator from Maryland
sometime since, perhaps in the last Congress,
to prove the same point.
I ask especial attention on the part of the Sen-
ate to the point which I now propose to make.
It is not necessary for me here to undertake to
establish whether this species of reckless legis-
lation, this overridi ng the authoi ity of the States,
has had an undue influence upon the military
power of the Government, or whether the
legislative department lias been warped from
its proper position on account of what was
taught it by the Army during the years of war
and reconstruction. But I desire to call your
attention specially now to the manner in which
the military administration apply their theory
and practice of the civil being inferior and sub-
ordinate to the military authority, as was lately
indicated in the case of the Chicago fire.
The practice of so many years of war, and
the use of the Army during the years of re-
construction appears to have led these men to
look upon it as the most reliable instrument
for working out political problems, and se-
curing to the citizens that protection of Gov-
ernment which belonged alone to their own
intelligent action.
Demoralized, as I verily believe, as to their
true position in tune of peace, by the influ-
ence of unconstitutional legislation, one seems
at a loss to know which most to condemn, the
application of the lesson, or the school in
which it was learned. The military seem to
argue thus: if State lines are no barrier to our
movement, when we march to regulate elec-
tions in the States, neither should they be
when we would march to the extinguishment
of a fire, as an organized force under the
supreme laws and regulations of the Army of
the United Slates.
And now, in presenting to the Senate an
extract from the message of the Republican
Governor of Illinois, I demand that attention
which the importance of the document ought
to receive, and I make this point, that the
very language of the Governor of Illinois
throughout is language as applicable to this
legislation that we ate about to consummate
this day as it was to the subject to which he
opplii d it on the 9:h day of -December, 1871.
He then said:
"In submitting these papers to the General Assem-
bly, it is not improper fgj- me to say that when the
regular troops that had occupied Chicago from the
11th to the 22d day of October, 1871, were ordered to
their stations, and the volunteer ioree organised, by
Lieutenant General Sheridan was disbanded, 1 (lid
not believe it to be possible that any officer ot the
"United States Army could again find a pretext for
intermeddling in the affairs of the State of Illinois.
My expectation of future exemption from military
interference was based upon the belief that the au-
thorities of the State had already done enough for
the maintenance of law, and for the protection ot all
the interests of the people of Chicago, to merit theit
full confidence, and that tire local officers of the city
were then so alive to their duties, and so confident
in the support of a powerful State, that 110 room
would be left for external intervention. Everything
indeed had been done for the aid and protection of
the people of Chicago that was possible, and if all
their interests were not secure, it was because toe
resources of civil government "were not equal to their
necessities.
"The papers and correspondence herewith trans-
mitted demonstrate, however, that I was mistaken,
and that the appropriations made by the General
Assembly for the support of an adequate police force
in Chicago, the energetic discharge of duty by tne
police, and the most orderly conduct on the part of
the people, were alike unavailing, for on the 31st
day of Octobers-
Remember, on the 31st day of October,
1871—
"(xeneral W. T. Sherman, on the application of
Lieutenant General Sheridan, ordered troops to
Chicago to act as police."
As we propose by our legislation on this
subject to enter the States of this Union, if
not to act as police, to anticipate the people
and act through our legislation direct.
" My letters to the President of the United States
of the 3d and 20th of November will prove that I
have exerted myself toinducethe Presidentto with-
draw these troops from the State, or to prohibit
them from interfering in its internal affairs; and
those of the President to me, of date of November
9th and 25th, will show that my efforts have been
fruitless, and that the President has practically
referred the whole subject to. the decision of the
officer whose conduct is questioned.
"It js manifest that the order of the President,
described in his letter of November 25, ends all dis-
cussions, and leaves Lieutenant General Sheridan
with four companies of infantry ia Chioigo, with
discretionary powers to intermeddle in affairs that
are within the exclusive and peculiar jurisdiction
of the State, and with which the President and his
military subordinateshave no rightful concern what-
ever.
41 It seems to me, from the letters of the President
and the papers laid before the General Assembly,
that General Sherman and Lieutenant General Sher-
idan entertain the belief"—
What belief?
"the belief that under our system of government it is
a part of the duty of the officers of the Amy of the
United States to superintend the administration of
the local governments"—
As we propose to superintend the affairs of
local governments by our legislation in this
Hall. The Governor proceeds—
"and that if they are not satisfied with the measure
of protection afforded by the States to the persons
and property of their own citizens, the officers of
the Army have the right, at their own discretion, to
introduce a part of the Army.and through its agency
afford such additional protection to the people as
they may think necessary or proper, and that their
right to interpose for that purpose does not depend
upon the ability of the States to discharge their
duties."
Now, let us apply that language of Governor
Palmer to the case in hand. We, the Con-
gress of the United States, if we are not satis-
fied with the measure of protection afforded
by the States to the persons and property of
their own citizens, have the right at our dis-
cretion to introduce our legislation and through
its agency to afford such additional protection
to the people as we may think necessary or
proper, and our right to interpose for that
purpose does not depend upou the ability of
the States to discharge their duties. The mil-
itary assumption of the President's officers is
precisely the same that we assume in this Hall
ou this question ; that we will consider whether
the people are protected ; that we will not
consider whether the States are unable to pro-
tect them, but in our authority, as supreme as
that of a military commander in time of war
under the rules and regulations governing the
Army, we will consider all these questions for
the people, and in our capacity settle them
from the hails ot legislation in Washington
city. The Governor proceeds;
fi There is no other ground upon which the conduct
of Generals Sherman and SheridaB can be placed.
No one will pretend that the totate of Illinois is not
able to enforce its own laws and protect every person
and all the property within its limits.
I say that no one will pretend to-day that
Massachusetts and Ohio and Nebraska are not
able to enforce their laws on the subject of
the rights of individuals.
" But General Sheridan, in the exercise of hia
superintendence of its affairs, was not satisfied with
the provisions made by the State for the safety or
property "—
And we ar« not satisfied with the provisions
made by the States for the protection of the
rights of the people—
'■ and the control of what he is pleased, to call ' the
turbulent element' in Chicago, and he therefore
informed the adjutant general that 'I am satis-
fied ' "—
I, the commander of the Army—
"'of the necessity of their [four companies of in-
fantry] presence here, and ask the authority of the
Secretary of War to bring them;' and General
Sherman, acting upon the same principle, promptly
informed him by telegraph that 'four companies
of the eighth infantry are ordered to Chicago to
act as1"—
What?
44 4 as polled under your letter of the 29th.'"
As though there was no police law in the city
of Chicago ; as though Illinois were an orphan
without a Governor, without law, without con-
stitution, and without authority. I, the com-
mander of the Army, deem it necessary for the
protection of this people that I should have the
Army of the United States here for the purpose
of performing police duty!
"The President, it is true, in his letter to me of
the 9th of November, informed me 'that the only
thing thought ot in ordering these troops to Chicago
was how to benefit a people stricken by a calamity
greater than had ever befallen a community of the
same number before in this country. The aid was
of a like nature with that given on any emergency
requiring immediate action.' It is to be remembered
that Chicago is a part of one of the most Wealthy and
powerful States of the Union, that the State gov-
ernment is in full vigor, and its laws everywhere
enforced, and that its resources are ample for the
discharge of all its duties It will surprise no one,
then, that I protest that no emergency has existed
at any time in the history of the State of Illinois for
which it was unable to provide, and nothing in the
Constitution or the laws to give the President or his
military subordinates the right to determine when
it is necessary or proper for the authorities of the
United States to interfere in the internal affairs of
the States."
Mr. President, if we had never legislated, if
we had never gone out fVom this Chamber with
our enactments interfering with the rights of
people in the States, perhaps the President and
the Army might never have come to the con-
clusion that they had a province to perform of
that kind, and that they were only responsible
to their own judgments.
The Governor says :
"lalso deny that the officers of the Army have the |
right to^determine the measure of the duties of any t
civil officer, under any circumstances Whatever, or |
that their powers are increased by any emergency 1
that can possibly happen in the affairs of any State. |
They are not, as they seem to suppose, the natural f
rulers of the people "— f
And so I say. here, that neither are we to
suppose that we are the natural rulers of the
people in this behalf—
"under the circumstances of difficulty and danger,
but they are at all times the inferiors of the hum-
blest officer created to execute the laws of the land."
The Governor then says:
"I cannot expect that Lieutenant General Sher-
idan will accept this as the proper estimate of his
official powers; for whatever concessions ho may
have on some occasions made to the imaginary au-
thority of the mayor of Chicago, in his correspon-
dence with the War Department, he has, in every
instance, spoken of himself a& acting in his military
character, and his orders for the government of Chi-
cago emanated from his headquarters, and are signed
by the proper officers of his military staff.''
Showing thereby that he never undertook to
act in subordination to the civil authorities of
the city of Chicago or the laws of the State of
Illinois, but that he acted from a higher plane,
as an untrammeled officer of the United States
Army.
"In his dispatch to the Adjutant General of the
11th of October, he said:
" "There was some excitement here yesterday and
last evening, but it is now quieting down. Some of
