1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
B605
adjourn by the 3d of June. I want to get away
from here as badly .as anybody. I will not say
that those who now fight this motion, who are
opposed to calling back this resolution, are
anxious to take a snap judgment and to force
an adjournment under circumstances that
might be detrimental or that might be awkward.
I will not make that assertion, although I might
do it with as much propriety as the other has
been made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. President,
I am surprised that the Senator from Illinois
should make so large an amount of smoke out
of so small a matter. It is perfectly obvious
that the business of Congress cannot be com-
pleted in the nine working days that noJ re-
main of the session, if it is to end on the 29th
of May, and the only question is, whether, as
the House of Representatives have sent a res-
olution to us to" adjourn on the 3d of June, the
whole matter should be in the hands of the
Finance Committee or not when that resolu-
tion is considered. Even the House have de-
cided that it would be improper to adjourn on
the 29th of May, for they have extended it. four
days, to the 3d of June. It is a matter of very
little consequence whether this resolution shall
pass or not; and as for there being anything
of a partisan character in it, the dominant
party here are under no necessity to have that
resolution brought back. We can be called
together again by the President if there should
be any business th^t is not transacted, pro-
vided there should Ge a snap judgment taken,
and the resolution for the 29th of May should
be passed by the House. But the Senator
from Illinois formerly was no more in the way
of sounding the party bugle than myself. I
think here for four years we hardly ever heard
him bring out his trumpet at all on partisan
questions; and yet for the past six weeks
there has hardly a day passed that he has not
attempted to make some party assault upon
every bill that comes up. I say it is foreign
to his character. I regret it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, when
this resolution was offered yesterday, I confess
I listened to it with surprise. While my
knowledge of parliamentary law and parlia-
mentary proceedings is not nearly so extensive
as that of many Senators on this floor, I never
had heard of a proposiiion made in one House
to request the other to return a bill or resolu-
tion which had been in the custody of that
other House so long as the resolution in this
case has now been. I spoke of it as having
been sent to the House of Representatives
three or four weeks ago. I greatly underrated
the time. If I had said three or four months
ago 1 should have been much nearer the
truth.
We all remember the circumstances under
which this resolution was put through in this
body. Very early in the session it was deemed
desirable by the dominant party in this body
to' fix an parly day for the adjournment. The
Senator from Indiana introduced the resolu-
tion. It was carried through this body by
almost a strict party vote. Now that Senator
complains of any imputation of partisan pur-
poses in connection with the resolution or in
connection with this debate. Why, sir, is it
contended seriously that measures are not fre-
quently brought forward in this body, espe-
cially in regard to such subjects as the order
of business, the day of adjournment, and so on,
which are conceived principally in the interest
of the dominant party? Is that denied? If
that is not the truth and the whole truth and
nothing but the truth, then there is a great deal
of misapprehension abroad, not merely in the
country at large, but in Congress itself, as to
the object of a great deal that is done here by
the majority. It was believed to be for the
interests, I repeat, of the dominant party and
of the Administration of the country that as
soon as possible a day should be fixed for the
adjournment. That day was fixed, the 29th
of May.
I do not see what answer can be given, either
by the mover of that resolution or those who
voted for it, to the objection made by the Sen-
ator from Missouri, [Mr. Blair.] Months
ago, when no reasonable conjecture could be
formed as to the course of public business,
when no man could say whether Congress
would be ready to adjourn on the 29th of May,
the dominant party in this body put through a
resolution for that purpose. The minority here,
with very few votes from the majority, voted
against it. Why did we vote against it? Not
because we believed a protracted session de-
sirable ; on the contrary, as I suppose is very
well known, the unanimous feeling of the mi-
nority is that protracted sessions of this body
are in no sense conducive to the general good.
But, sir, we did not see our way clear to an ad-
journment on that day. We did not see four
months ago very distinctly that the Senate or
the other House would be ready to adjourn on
the 29th of May. We could not know and no
Senator in this body could know that the situ-
ation of public business on the 29th of May
would be such as to make an adjournment
proper.
Yet, sir, in defiance of all that that resolu-
tion was passed; it went to the House of
Representatives; it has remained there from
that, time to this. A day or two ago the House
sent us, not our resolution concurred in, but
another resolution to adjourn on a different
and laterday ; that is to say, on the 3d of June.
The Senate did not act upon it. It was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance, of which
the Senator from Ohio is chairman. That
let't the condition of things between the two
Houses such that in this body an adjournment
was voted for the 29th of May, and in the
other House an adjournment was voted for
the 3d of June.
It seems to me that the proper course under
the circumstances would have been for the
Senate at once, or at an early day to be fixed,
to proceed to the consideration of the House
resolution, and if the day was too late or too
early, to amend it accordingly and send it back.
The Senate declined to do one thing or the
other. Yesterday the Senator from Ohio
moved his resolution to recall from the other
House the resolution for adjournment on the
29th of May. It occurred to me as a most un-
usual proceeding and highly objectionable in
several aspects, some of which I shall have
occasion to refer to. I asked the Senator for
information as to the ground upon which such
a resolution should be passed. I read my
inquiry and his answer from the Globe :
"Mr. Casskrlt. On what ground?
"Mr. Sherman. On the ground that the resolution
is inconsistent with the resolution sent here by the
House. As a matter of course we ought to have the
control of the question of adjournment. The House
resolution is here. They did not see proper to take
up our resolution and amend it, and therefore it is
proper that it should be brought here."
The only ground given that it seems to me
was really substantial or could have been in-
tended as such, was the ground stated in these
words: "as a matter of course we ought to
have the control of the question of adjourn-
ment." The Senatorfrom Indiana thinks those
were casual words ; but it is very evident they
were not. The Senator from Ohio was re-
sponding to a question of mine as to the
ground on which his motion could be made.
He stated it; he said, "as a matter of course
we ought to have the control of the question
of adjournment." Now, sir, is that true as a
matter of parliamentary practice, as a matter
of propriety and right as between the two
Houses?
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Senator
if he was here a moment ago when I stated, as
the context shows the meaning of those words,
that I referred especially to the bill now under
debate in the House, which they have not yet
passed in regard to the reduction of taxes? I
said when that bill came to us, as a matter
of course we should have the power over the
question of adjournment until we passed that
bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. I am now reading what
the Senator said yesterday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask theSenator whether
he heard my remarks?
Mr. CASSEliLY. I will reply to that as
soon as the Senator permits me. The Senator
engaged in a conversation with the Senator
from Illinois awhile ago, hardly one word of
which did I hear: but whatever the Senator
said this morning, of course I take as present-
ing his view this morning; I do not question
that; but I repeat, the ground taken yesterday
was that " we," meaning the Senate, ■' ought
to have the control of the question of adjourn-
ment." Why, sir, I deny the proposition. I
say that, one House has just as much right to
control the question of adjournment as the
other. The Senate initiated the resolution for
the adjournment, and now the proposition is,
if not in terms—and I do not wish to lay against
the explanation of the Senator from Ohio too
much stress upon what he said yesterday—
the effect of the proposition is to claim for the
Senate the exclusive control of the question.
I refer of course to the proposition to get back
the Senate resolution from the House of Rep-
resentatives. If that is not the effect of it, it
is mere idle wind ; it is nothing; and I will not
presume that a proceeding so deliberate as that
which has been initiated by the Senator from
Ohio is intended as an empty nothing.
1 have nothing to do with any party pur-
poses in connection with this matter ; and I
should not have said a word about them except
for the rather warm disclaimer of the Senator
from Indiana. I think the whole subject speaks
for itself. For a certain purpose, which I have
described as I understood it, the Senator from
Indiana, influential and eminent as he is,
pressed through this body three or four months
ago a resolution to adjourn on the 29th of
May. Now, for some purpose important enough
to justify what has been done, the Senator
from Ohio moves to take back that resolution ;
and I repeat, the result of that is, if the House
shall accede to the request, to give to the Sen-
ate to the exclusion of the House the control
of the question of adjournment.
I do not know any reason why the Senate
cannot adjourn on the 29th of May. I do not
know of one single cause why it should not.
The Senator from Ohio laid stress upon a
financial bill which he expects soon to receive
from the House of Representatives. As I said
before, I was unable to hear more than a very
little of what he was saying in the course of
his remarks, because they were directed to the
other side of the Chamber, and his back was
turned completely to this side; but I infer
that the Senator had in mind the tariff bill,
and that Senator laid great stress, if I under-
stood what I was able to catch on that sub-
ject, upon the length of time which that bill
would require in this body. Why, sir, how
can that bill require much time in this body?
How long did we discuss all the principles
and nearly every possible detail of such a
bill! So far as I have observed, I admit
from a somewhat cursory reading of the Globe,
the bill involves no new question of principle
and very few important questions of detail.
The Senator referred to one, the amendment
making gold notes receivable for duties. [
admit that is a proposition against which the
Senator haspitted himself, with all liisinfluence
as chairman of the Finance Committee and the
financial leader of the majority of this body,
over and over, certainly as often as it was
presented here, and thus far with success. It
seems to me the proposition is not so important
and difficult as to require or authorize any
great amount of discussion, though I admit
that any Senator as eminent in this body as
the Senator from Ohio, and as influential with
the majority of this body, can make any ques-
tion important when he embarks earnestly and
warmly on either side of it. That may make
i
