S606
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
it of importance; but I submit that it ia the
only thing which can give such a question im-
portance. It is of very little consequence what
I may think upon it; but I have thought for a
long time, ever since the Senator inaugurated
in this body a system of national gold banks,
that the Government could not long Sustain
itself in the position of denying the use of those
notes in the payment of duties. I did not see
how the Administration could hold out to the
country at large these notes as being as good
as gold under the restrictions imposed upon
them in the bill, and yet refuse to accept therti
as such in its dealings with its own citizeiis'.
I fail to see yet how the Administration can
long sustain any stich position.
Mr. SHERMAN. For fear the Senator
may fall into error, I will tell him that I have
never said one word in regard to receiving
gold notes in payment of duties. I have
opposed all along receiving any portion of
the greenbacks in payment of customs, and I
shall do so until they are as good as gold. I
never thought of the question as to receiving
gold notes.
Mr. CASSERLY. When it comes to a
question of memory, anybody may be mistaken.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have always resisted
the receipt of the legal tender notes in pay-
ment of duties.
Mr. OASSBRLY. The Senator, of course,
must know better than lean remember what he
said ; but my impression was—and 1 would have
been quite confident in it but for the Senator's
remark—that either when the gold bank bill
first went 1o the House, or when some other
measure sufficiently kindred to that admitting
of such an amendment was going through the
Senate, the proposition was presented and
opposed by the Senator.
Mr. SHERMAN. It may have been that I
objected to the use of the new gold notes just
issued. I do not know that I shall again.
That question has never presented itself to my
mind as a practical question.
Mr. CASSKRLY. 1 shall have to look up
the Globe, because as to memory we are ail
fallible. But even with regard to receiving
greenbacks in part payment of duties, I see no
really difficult question involved in that. The
only question to be discussed, as it seems to
me, is whether the Government shall receive
greenbacks in part payment of duties at their
face or at their gold value; in other words,
whether in receiving greenbacks in part pay-
ment, of duties, the Government shall equalize
them with gold, or take them at, the saine rate,
at the same value as it issues them to lt-s citi-
zens and at and for which the people of the
country are obliged to take thetn in all the
States of the Union this side of the Pacific
coast States in their daily transactions of busi-
ness.
From my observation of the details of the
tariff bill as it has thus far gone through the
House of Representatives, I see no question
that should engage the attention of the Sen-
ate at the outside, including its examination
in the Finance Committee, more than five or
six days. If there are any gentlemen here
disposed to debate that bill merely to consume
time, 1 do not know who they are, and 1 am
not willing to assume in advance that there
are any such Senators. I think I can speak
for the minority m this body. My associations
with them are such that [ believe for them and
for myself I can say there is no purpose among
ns to debate for the sake of consuming time,
nor in any other way for mere factious or even
idle purposes to obstruct the regular proceed-
ings of the body. We do want, a day fixed for
adjournment. That is undoubted. We pre-
fer, if we are allowed to choose, the day ifixed
by the Senate iisolf months ago, when, Qgaiiist
our vote. it adopted the 29,hof May as the
day of adjournment. We pr'efer that. We are
perfectly willing to vote, however, for the
3d day o-f June if the Senate Will permit ns
to do it; but we do not assent to the idea that
the House resolutiofi shall be buried in the
Finance Committee for ah indefinite period.
Mr. President, I supposed yesterday, when
this question first arose, that it was out of
order to make such a motion as this. I did
not raise a point of order because fro'm ttry
imperfect information as to parliamentary law
and proceedings I was by no means confident
that it could be well taken.; but there is no
doubt, I think, from the discussion that has
occurred this mornitig, that if not out Of order
it is substantially without precedent. I do hot
know rthy such a precedent should be made,
especially one that, say what you will about
it, may very readily be construed by the House
of Representatives as touching it in a very
tender point. What danger can ensue if the
resolution of the Senate should remain in the
Hbtlse? Only one possible result that any one
can object to may take place. The House may
take it up and pass it. Is that objectionable?
The Senator from Ohio seems to think so.
Why is it objectionable? It must be only on
the ground that the situation of the public
business does not allow it. But the House is
just as competent to judge of that as the Sen-
ate. Bach House, as to that, must judge for
itself.
I repeat, sirj and I shall not trouble the Sen-
ate with any further remarks at this stage of
the debate, if Senators are prepared to say
that they are unwilling to trust the majority
which controls the House, a majority com-
posed of their own friends, upon the question
of adjournment, there is no occasion and no
motive which can be justified before the pub-
lic in this attempt to recall the Senate reso-
lution. A very decided working majority of
the House is of the same complexion with
the majority here. It will be a singular spec-
tacle if the majority here, by passing a reso-
lution to recall its resolution of adjournment
frotn the custody of the House, shall thereby
distinctly and emphatically pronounce to the
country that it is afraid to trust the majority
of its own party friends in the other branch
of Congiess.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, it seems
to me that this matter might be disposed of in
a very short way. We have the House resolu-
tion proposing an adjournment on the 3d of
June. Now, I think if that resolution were
put-to a vote this morning, and we all voted
for it, as I would do, we should dispose of this
question and save any necessity of sending to
the other House for the resolution which we
passed proposing an adjournment on the 29th
of May. I think that would be the proper
mode to settle this whole question. Let the
chairman of the Finance Committee at once
call up that resolution and put it through, and
lot both Uouses know at once that that is the
time at which we propose to adjourn.
Jn our simplicity on this side of the House
we could not, exactly tell what the object of
the motion of the Senator from Ohio was in
proposing to send to the other House for this
resolution. What could we do with that reso-
lution if we had it back? We couldnot recon-
sider it. The only thing is to divest the House
of any power over the question of adjourn
ment, and that was very distinctly announced
by the Senator from Ohio, who said that as a
matter of course we ought to have the control
ot that question. I am not indisposed to trust
the chairman of the Finance Committee with
power over all questions proper pertaining to
that committee, but with reference to a ques-
tion of adjournment, the House of Representa-
tives have as much right to determine it as we
in the Senate have; and if we send to the
House and obtain that resolution back, then,
while the Hou^e resolution, which is now
referred, proposing an adjournment on the 3d
of June, remains in the Finance Committee,
they can keep both Houses of Congress here
as iong as they please. That is not a power
which I think ought to be invested either in
the Finance Committee or in the Senate itself.
The other House ought to have as much con-
trol over that question as we have ; and espe-
cially am I justified in saying that, when on a
former occasion the Senator from Ohio said in
substance upon a certain other question that
he proposed to coerce the legislation Of the
other House. If that disposition prevails
here, if there is any disposition on the part
of any member of the Senate to coerce action
upon any question in the other House, it is
very improper that we should possess the
power to do that. We ought at least to be
willing to trust the House to decide this ques-
tion of adjournment as much as ourselves.
ItiSsa joint question of the two Houses, and
I cannot tell why we should want to have the
Control of it, unless, as the Senator from Illi-
nois suggested, there are party purposes to be
subserved by having the entire control of this
question.
On this side of the House it is vety natural
that we should sometimes be suspicious of
what may be intended by the majority of the
Senate. And whfen so distinguished a member
of the majority as the Senator from Illinois
rises in his place, a gentlerhan who has been
identified here with the majority party of the
country fot fifteen Or twenty years, and attrib-
utes patty motives to gentlemen with whom he
has been associated all that time and has been
in their confidence, we may be justified if we
too become suspicious that there may be party
interests to be subserved by this measure.
Mr. President, I want t,o say a word in reply
to a suggestion or remark which was made by
the Senator from Indiana, when he complained
that the time of the session have been wasted,
that months of the time of the Senate had been
wasted. Who has done it? I am sure he
ought to do the minority on this floor the jus-
tice to say that none of that sin lies at their
door. For two or three months wte sat in
silence and heard discussions by the majority
members of this House, and even fahen we
were provoked to discussion, when'there was
an evident disposition on the part of the Sen-
ator from Indiana himself to provoke discus-
sion on the part of the Democrats of this body,
we sat silent and heard his accusations and
arraignments of the Democratic pstrty, not de-
siring to participate in this wasting ot the pub-
lic time, as be calls it. Sir, the Senator fiom
Indiana ought to have said in connection with
his remark that the time of the Sehate had
been wasted in unnecessary debate, that he
exculpated the minority oil this floor from any
application of his remarks, lie ought to have
done them the justice to say that they had been
here in their seats ready to legislate on vital
and important questions while the members
of his own party were wasting in party dis-
cussions the time of the Senate for two or
three months. I hope the Senator from In-
diana will do us the justice to say that if the
time of the Senate has been wasted, it has
not been done by the minority on this floor.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I always
want to do justice, and whenever my attention
is ca,lled to it I make the effort to do it. I am
afraid that at certain periods during this ses-
sion the Democratic party remained silent
from motives of prudence, which we all under-
stood; but that they had their friends here,
who provoked the debates and carried them
on.
One word further. There cannot be any
wonder made out of this ; that is impossible.
If when the Senate passed the resolution they
believed they could adjourn on the 29th, it was
proper for them to pass it. if subsequent
events have shown that they cannot properly
adjourn at that time, they have no way to
notify that to the House of Representatives
except by proposing to recall the resolution,
and that is an entirely respectful mode.
Mr. NORWOOD. I Would like to ask &
question, if the Senator will allow me to do so.
Mr. MORTOil. Certainly.
Mr. NORWOOD. In referring to " subse1
