1814
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
Mr. SARGENT. I spoke from my own
observation, having made tea or fifteen trips
there.
Mr. COX. I have studied the whole history
of this matter.
Mr. SARGENT. I have seen it all.
Mr. COX. The gentleman undertook to
detail here in this House how he could not
stop a little baby from crying because there
was no water on the Panama railroad cars.
Therefore, according to his argument, we must
give a subsidy to the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company! ,
Mr. SARGENT. If that is the way the
gentleman understands an argument, it is the
fault of his comprehension, not of my state-
ment..
Mr. COX. The gentleman said it cost
twenty-five dollars in gold to cross the Panama
railroad. It used to cost that; but it does not
now. Other statements I could correct, as to
freights, &c. I will attend to that hereafter.
Mr. SARGENT. I spoke of the time when
the company had a monopoly.
Mr. COX. The men who built this Panama
railroad, which opened the State of California
to settlement, and who put into that enterprise
four or five million dollars, never crawled
around Congress as paupers, begging for
charity from this Government.
Mr. SARGENT. They did not need it.
Mr. COX. No, sir. But they had trouble
enough with the Governments of New Granada
and Colombia. They had not the protection
of this Government in their enterprise abroad.
Mr. SARGENT. They exacted tribute
from my State.
Mr. COX. Now, hero comes this Pacific
overland company with its largesses of money
and land by the millions. They make a con-
tract so as to prevent fair competition in the
commerce between Asia and America. Who
denies that? It is a contract, one of the par-
ties to which is the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company. Its great plea for charity is, next
after flourishing our flag, that they want unre-
stricted trade between Asia and this country.
Unrestricted trade-—well, sir 1 Sir, I ask to
have read as a portion of my remarks a letter
which entirely refutes everything which the
gentleman from California has said or can say
on this subject.
The CHAIRMAN. Is there objectio n on
the part o( the committee?
Mr. SARGENT. There is only one hour
for debate, and I object to the gentleman tak-
ing up any of that time beyond what he has
been avowed under the rules.
Mr. DICKEY. Let it be printed. I object
to reading.
Mr. COX. I should like to have it printed.
Mr. CROCKER. I ask to offer the follow-
ing substitute.
Mr. COX. There is a general request that
this letter, which is authentic, shall be read at
the Clerk's desk.
Mr. DICKEY. I object, as there is only
one hour for debate.
Mr. DICKEY. I object, as there is only
an hour allowed for debate.
Mr. CROCKER. I offer a substitute for
the pending paragraph and amendments.
The Clerk read as follows :
, the word "dollars," in the seventh line, add
the following:
Provided, In the event of war the vessels of the
line may be taken possession of by the United States
Government for the exclusive use and service of the
United States, subject, however, to such remunera-
tion and pay tor the same as said Government shall
deenijust and equitable.
The CHAIRMAN. It will be received, but
not acted on until the pendingamendments to
the paragraph have been disposed of.
Mr. CKOCKER. Is it oijen to debate?
The CH AIRMAN, It is; and the gentle-
man has five minutes.
Mr. CROCKER. But for a moment, Mr.
Chairman, shall I crave the indulgence of the
House. In looking ovor the bill it did seem
to me there should be some safeguards thrown
around this appropriation if it should take
place. It did seem to me, sir, that this whole
House, that each side of this Chamber, would
agree to that. But I do not propose at this
time to discuss the merits of this bill at all,
but only to bring this matter before the House.
It is always when we make a bargain, if it
be made, that the thing should be perfectly
understood on both sides. This will place this
matter fairly before any corporation which
takes an appropriation of this sort.
Now, sir, it has precedent, if not in this
country, in England. In England her steam-
ships are under the control of the Govern-
ment. There arc thirty-two, to my certain
knowledge, in the Cunard line alone, running
east and west, which can be converted at any
time into store-ships, carrying troops, or into
men-of-war. That is the practice followed
there, and it is so understood and written in
their laws. I am fresh from that land myself,
Mr. Chairman, .which floats the flag of St.
George, and while there I heard mutterings,
over and over again, like this: "Very well;
ifthere is any disruption of the peaceful arbi-
tration in reference to the Alabama claims, we
will take a more speedy mode with our steam-
ers and our great navy ; we will take a more
speedy mode of settling this thing." Mr.
Chairman, that was the saying I heard over
and over again, that they would take a more
speedy way of settling the difficulties. I am
done. The amendment speaks for itself, and
I have nothing more to say.
Mr. SVVANN rose,
Mr. HOAR. I rise to make an inquiry of
the Chair, whether my colleague's amendment
was received as a substitute, or as an amend-
ment in addition ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair understood
it to be offered as a substitute.
Mr. HOAR. I think it was intended to be
in addition.
Mr. CROCKER. Yps, sir; I meant my
amendment as an addition to the original
paragraph.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment is not
now in order.
Mr. SWANN. I am here, Mr. Chairman,
as the Representative in part of one of the
great commercial cities of the eastern sea-
board, having the closest relation with the
western, southern, and northern States, and I
deem it my duty to express to this House
briefly the views I entertain on the important
subject now under consideration. I was grat
ified a day or two since, when this bill was
under discussion, to hear the remarks of my
honorable friend from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,]_ and I will say that I concur most
cordially in the liberal, practical, and states-
man-like views presented by that gentleman
to this House.
This question, sir, which we are called upon
to decide is not a party question. It is a ques-
tion that makes an appeal to the people of the
whole Union, without distinction of party;
and I trust, sir, that I have the independence
to stand up here in my place and advocate
measures which I believe to be of importance
and for the benefit of all the States of this
Union, North, South, East, and West.
This measure, Mr. Chairman, is called a
subsidy. It has been denounced as a subsidy.
I have been opposed to subsidies heretofore,
and I am opposed to subsidies still, as they
have been sanctioned by Congress. But this
is a measure sui generis. It is a measure of
State policy rather than of subsidy. You have
at this time four hundred and fifty million
people knocking at your doors for sympathy
and for guidance in the arts of civilization
and lor commercial relations; and the great
question for us to determine here is whether
or not you will entertain those great interests,
now in a transition state, or whether or not
you will turn a deaf ear to the approaches
which they are making to you.
We know that a short time since a delega-
tion was sent over from China to examine into
the institutions of this country and their prac-
tical working, that they might enlighten the
people of that distant region in regard to what
is proper to place their Government on a foot-
ing favorable to the development of their great
resources, so that they might occupy a proper
rank as a commercial people. That delega-
tion came here with a view to the develop-
ment of their trade, to the improvement of the
internal condition of their country, .to the
enlightenment of their people, and to the
adoption of those practical measures of reform
which have sprung up here under our super-
vision, and which are already having their
effect upon the whole civilized world.
What has been the result? The result of
that movement has been that you are detail-
ing officers to run almost their whole ma-
chinery of Government. You have given the
assistance of the Agricultural Department, you
have given the assistance of the State Depart-
ment, you have given the assistance of other
Departments of this Government to facilitate
the movement which is now in progress, not
only to civilize and elevate the people of that
ancient empire, but to assimilate their insti u-
tions, as far as that is possible, to our own.
More recently, Mr. Chairman, within I he
last week or two, we have had another dele-
gation from the same quarter, making the
same appeal, throwing themselves upon the
friendship and sympathy of this country. The
result will be that by these movements, show-
ing the tendency and affinities of those peopie,
showing their disposition to open friendly in-
tercourse with us in preference to all other
nations, we shall have built up relations both
in China and Japan which will not only inure
to the benefit of this country commercially,
but, by the development of a great trade, to
the material interests of the civilized world.
I hold in my hand, Mr. Chairman, a memo-
randum of the operations heretofore of this
steamship company which we are asked now
to extend. That line has been, in the main,
self-sustaining. I do not believe, sir, that we
have lost one dollar by it. It cannot fail to
inure to the benefit of the whole country. We
have all felt the beneficial effects of it from
Maine to Georgia, and from the extreme East
to the shores of the Pacific. We have, by a
small contribution, made the entering-wedge
for the attaining of a great and vast, trade, a
trade which is sufficiently important to have
excited the attention not only of Great Britain,
which has already contributed a subsidy towu'd
it of §2,500,000, but I may say of all those
European Governments which are nowstnv-
ing to grasp it.
As I said before, I represent in part one nf
the leading commercial citiesof the sea board.
I speak for a community having great inter-
ests in the West, in the Southwest, and in the
extreme South, and I assert that the success
of this steamship line, opening this vast tri de
with China and Japan, will contribute in no
small degree to the benefit of that community
and of the whole country. No city upon the
Atlautic coast can look with indifference upon
this measure. But, Mr. Chairman, as my tirae
is exhausted, I conclude by offering as part of
my remarks the following table, showing in
detail the character of the trade passing over
this line to China and Japan, yet in its infancy,
and its probable effect upon the great distribu-
ting centers of the West and South, and th«
whole Atlantic sea-board:
Shipments to China, per steamship Jftpan, March 1,
1S72, from San Inxincivco.
Apples, boxes  115
Abiilones, sacks   15
Billiard tables, eases    4
Broad, packages    2
Beans, sacks 36
Boots and shoes, eases    2
Cement, barrels    2
Clothing, cases   3
C.i*e goods, cases   70
Clocks, boxes    75
Codfish, cases   2
