1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
919
and confusion, no laws in force, starvation
itself staring him m the face. Hence demor-
alization would naturally exist longer among
the southern soldiers than the Union soldiers,
who found the laws of their country strictly in
force. Let me refer the Senator to the late
■war in Europe, to the action of the commun-
ists in Paris after the great war between Ger-
many and France had terminated to the disad-
vantage and discredit of the latter Power.
Sir, the masses of the southern people are
honest and brave. They went into the rebel-
lion, and a great many of them gave up their
lives for an idea which they honestly believed
was right. Are we to put our foot on the
southern people because a few lawless men
still exist down there? I hope not. I know
the magnanimous spirit of the honorable Sen-
ator fiom Nevada would not agree to an act
of that kind if he would but reflect for a
moment.
The honorable Senator from Ohio said a few
days ago that if universal amnesty were to
pass there would be no distinction between
the loyal and disloyal elements in this coun-
try. Let me refer the honorable Senator to
the fourteenth amendment to the Constitution,
which will be forever a mark of distinction
between the men who fought for the I lag of
their country and those who fought against it.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from South
Carolina is mistaken in attributing somebody
else's speech to me.
Mr. ROBERTSON". I beg the Senator's
pardon. I did not take any note of it at the
time, but the remark was made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt it was
made, but, not bv me.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Perhaps it was the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.] I am
not sure of that. But, Mr. President, if gen-
tlemen are in favor of amnesty, now is the
time to pass it. After this bill shall become
a law by the two-thirds vote which it requires,
then let us lay aside every other measure and
pass a law giving equal rights to the humblest
individual in the community. My constituency
are mostly composed of colored men, and to
them I am largely indebted for t|ie place I
occupy in the Senate, and I should indeed be
recreant to that trust were I to sit here and
allow them to be deprived of any right which
any other Ametican citizen on this continent
enjoys.
I hope, sir, that the bill will pass without
any amendment and become a law.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Sumxbu,] on which question
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The Chief Clerk proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CALDWELL. On this amendment I
am paited with the Senator from California
[Mr. Casserly] who is now in New York.
If he were here he would vote !'nay," and I
should vote l-yea."
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I was re-
quested by the Senator from Tennessee [Mr.
Cooi'ek] to state, when his name was called
on this bill, that he was detained at home by
sickness in his family ; and this morning, [
see by the papers, he has lost his wife.
Mr. STEVENSON. My colli ague [Mr.
Davis] is confined to his bed by severe ill-
ness, He is paired on the question with the
Senator from Texas, [Mr. Fi.a\aGA>".]
Mr. EDMUNDS. Upon this que-tion I am
paired with the Sena'or from Maryland. [Mr.
IIamii.tox.] who is necessarily absent on
account of the illness of a relative.
Mr. NYE. I am paired with the Senator
from Delaware, [Mr. Bayaud.] If he were
here he would vote ''nay," and 1 should vote
"yea.''
Mr. I'l jANA(TAN, (after voting in the affirm-
ative.) I suppose I ought to withdraw my vote.
I had agreed to pair on this question with Sen-
ator Davis, of K< ntiickv. but i heard his col-
league make some remarks which I thought
relieved me, and therefore I voted "yea."
Subsequently, the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Vickers] came to me and reminded me of
iny agreement, and I suppose I ought to stand
by it. I misunderstood his colleague. I there-
fore ask leave to withdraw my vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the vote of the Senator from Texas
will be withdrawn.
Mr. STEVENSON. I simply stated that
my colleague was sick in bed. and was paired
with the Senator from Texas.
The Chief Clerk announced the result of
the roll-call—yeas 28, nays 28 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Brownlow, Cam-
eron, Chandler, Clayton, Conkling, Cragin, Fen-
ton, Ferry of Michigan. Frelitighuysen, Gilbert,
Hamlin, Harlan, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Rice, Sher-
man, Spencer, Sumner, West, Wilson, Windom, and
Wright—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Carpenter, Cole,
Corbctt, Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of Connec-
ticut, Goldthwaite. Hamilton of Texas,Hill, Hitch-
cock, Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Morrill of Maine,
Norwood, Pool, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sawver,
Schurz, Scott, Stevenson, Stockton, Xhurman, Tip-
ton, Trumbull, and Vickers—28.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard. Buckingham,
Caldwell. Casserly, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Ed-
munds Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland, Howe,
Kellogg, Lewis, Nye, Pratt, Sprague, and Stew-
axt.—17.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senate
being equally divided, by the Constitution the
Vice President must give the casting vote.
Voting upon this amendment as a whole, with-
out concurrence with all the features contained
in it, the Chair votes in the affirmative, and the
Amendment is agreed to.
* [The announcement of the adoption of the
amendment was received with great applause
in the galleries.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. The assistant
doorkeepers will remove from the galleries
any person manifesting any approval or dis-
approval of any votes on the floor of the
Senate. This is not a town meeting, but the
Senate of the United States.
Mr. SAWYER. I move to strike out all of
the bill after the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana [Mr. Morton] which has h<en
adopted, to the end of the second section as in
the original bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will report the part proposed to be stricken
out.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That this act shall not apply to or in any way
affect or remove the disability of any person includ-
ed in either of the following classes namely :
First. Membeis of the Congress of the United
States who withdrew therefrom and aided the rebel-
lion.
Second. Officers of the Army or Navy of the Uni-
ted States who, being above the age of twenty-one
years, left saul Army or Navy and aided the rebel-
lion.
Third. Members of State conventions which adopt-
ed pretended ordinances of secession who voted for
the adoption of such ordinances.
Sec. 2. That before any person shall be entitled to
the benefit of this act he shall, within the district
where he resides, before a clerk of souie court of
the United States, or a United States commissioner,
take and subscribe an oath or affirmation to support
the Constitution of the United States, and to bear
true faith and allegiance to the same, which oath or
affirmation - h11 be forwarded by • >: ! officer to the
Secretary of State of the United States. who shall
cause a list of all persons complying with the pro-
visions of this act to be laid beiore Congress at the
opening of each session thereof: and the officer
before whom such oath or aiSrmation l* made snail
givd to the person taking it a. certificate of the fact
under such forms and regulations as the Secretary
of State shall prescribe.
Mr. CARPENTER. I call for the yeas
and nays on that amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is an amendment to
that amendment in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
move to perfect the part proposed to be stricken
out.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to add to the
part proposed to b" stricken out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be in
order to add to the part proposed to be stricken
out, to strike out additional portions of the
bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then 1 move that all
of the bill be stricken out up to the amendment
we have just adopted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By the effect of
the motion of the Senator from Michigan the
motion of the Senator from South Carolina
must first be put to the Senate, because that
is to perfect the part proposed to be stricken
out by the Senator from Michigan, and the
amendment is therefore in the larger degree.
The first question, therefore, will be on the
amendment of the Senator from South Caro-
lina, to strike out the sections which have been
read by the Secretary, after which the motion
of the Senator from Michigan will be in order,
to strike out ail the rest of the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I believe the amendment
of the Senator from South Carolina is to make
universal this amnesty, as it is called; but, as
the Senator from Illinois well said, it is not an
amnesty bill at all; it is a bill providing that
certain persons who were engaged in the re-
bellion, and who added to the crime of treason
the crime of perjury, may be entitled to hold
office and to exercise the powers of govern-
ment in the various States. That is the effect
of it in striking out these limitations. Now,
I am informed, and I believe, in the State of
South Carolina this will apply to the chief
leaders of the Ku Klux Klan, which I believe
all parties at present agree exists iu that State
in a state of atrocity that has compelled its
counsel, eminent gentlemen of an opposite
political opinion to our own, to abandon the
causes as being those that they cannot partici-
pate in the trial of as gentlemen and lawyers
of honor, and as citizens having the peace and
good order of the country at heart. The effect
of this amendment is to relieve from the pres-
ent disability imposed by the Constitution on
people in that State who are at the head of
this organization.
The evidence, as I believe, in the possession
of the authorities of the United States at this
moment is that what is called the advisory
board of the Ku Klux Klan in the State of
South Carolina, the supreme three persons
who diiect its movements are Mr. Wade
Hampton, General Kershaw, and General But-
ler, evety one of whom 1 am informed will be
entitled to be Governors and judges in the
State of South Carolina if this amendment of
my honorable friend passes. Now, I wish
to put it to him. I wish to put it to every Sen-
ator, whether it is the wilt of the people of
the United States, whether it is the will of
this body, that we fdiall al.ow men occupying
toe posi'ion that these three persons.do to
exercise the powers of Government as rulers
over the people of that Stale. Why, sir, the
question is. as it seems to me, supposing my
information to be correct—and I receive it
from officials of the United States in whose
possession the testimony is—whether we ought
to strike from this bill limitations which will
in effect commit us to saving that those three
men—and I only speak of them as illustrating
in that Suite the effect of this amendment—■
shall be called to the chief authority, and
shall give law to the defenseless citizens of
that State in the future.
Why, Mr. President, where are we coming
to? ihe people and the States, by the act
of three fourths of their number, have declared
that persons named in the Constitution shall
not be authorized to exercise the functions of
Government, although the} have all the othGr
rights of citizens until two thuds of each House
of Congress shall agiee that the public safety
and the public interest, will justify it. Is it for
the public safety and the public interest that,
the three chief head.-, and leaders and advisors
of that most atrocious and infamous organiza-
tion existing in that State shall, by an act of
Congress, be declared to be lit^ anu worthy
persons to exercise the powers of Government
there? That is the question upon this amend-
ment. I do not wish to enlarge upon it as I
might. I only wish to state to the Senate that
