24
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
On ordering the yeas and nays there were—
ayes twenty-six, not one fifth of the last vote.
So the yeas and nays were refused, and the
motion to adjourn was agreed to.
Accordingly, (at three o'clock and thirty
minutes p. m.,) the House adjourned,
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BURCHARD : Resolutions of the
Teachers' Institute of Ogle county, Illinois, in
reference to the disposition of the Chinese
indemnity fund.
By Mr. CHIPMAN: The petition of officers
of the Woman's Christian Association of the
District of Columbia, asking an appropriation
of $10,000.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: The petition
of soldiers of 1812, for pension.
Also, the petition of Howard J. Webber, of
Portage county, Ohio, for a pension.
By Mr. HAMBLETON; The petition ofS.
B. Mitchell, G. W. Mitchell, and J. W. Mitch-
ell, owners of the schooner Thomas J. Prazier,
praying compensation for the loss of their
vessel, sunk while in the Government service.
By Mr. HOAR: The petition of Edward G.
Allen, for compensation for books supplied to
the Library of Congress.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The remonstrance of
Archibald Wilson and 8 others, stationers and
publishersof Poughkeepsie, New York, against
unjust and improper interference in the manu-
facture and sale of stamped envelopes by the
Post Office Department.
By Mr. McKEE: A petition of citizens of
Newton county, Mississippi, asking change in
the laws relating to mail contracts.
By Mr. NEGLEY: The memorial of N. J.
Bigley, of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, claiming
compensation for coal and tow-boat furnished
the United States.
By Mr. PACKER: The petition of David
L. McDermott, of Adams county, Pennsyl-
vania. praying for a pension.
By Mr. SPKAGUE: The petition of Mrs. !
Sarah Evans, widow of Major D. B. Evans,
of Marietta, Ohio, the dependent mother of
L. G. Evans, late sergeant of company K,
twenty-first United States infantry, asking for
a pension.
By Mr. WADDELL: The petition of Wal-
ter I1. Leak, for the repayment of taxes paid
by mistake.
Also, a memorial of citizens of North Caro-
lina, in regard to^ deducting from pay of mail
contractors for failures in mail service caused
by high water.
Also, the petition of Allen M. Blackburn,
of North Carolina, for removal of disabilities,
-in^r' WASHBURN : The memorial of
WilliamAllen and 20 others, of Northampton,
Massachusetts, and of E. P. Cook and 10
others, trustees of the savings-bank of Am
herst, Massachusetts, praying for the repeal
of the internal tax on savings-banks.
By Mr. WILLARD: Papers in the appli-
cation of William Andrews, of Vermont, for
reissue of United States bonds.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December G, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
Hon. Daniel D. Pratt, from the State of
Indiana, and Hon. Matthew H. Carpenter
from the State of Wisconsin, appeared in
their seats to-day.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SCOTT. I present a petition of com-
manding officers of the Navy, stating that their
rates of pay, as established at the last session
of Congress, are out of all proportion to those
of other officers, not only of the Navy, but also
of the Army, and asking for a corresponding
increase. I move that the petition be laid on
the table, to be referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs when appointed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I also present a petition of
citizens of Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, stating
their objections to the manufacturing and sell-
ing of stamped envelopes by the Government,
and suggesting a remedy for the wrong done
them by that practice. I move that this peti-
tion lie on the table, to be referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads when
appointed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TIPTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Nebraska, praying the establishment
of a mail route from Ashland to Palmyra, in
that State ; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of
E. A. Powell, of Alabama, praying the re-
moval of his political disabilities ; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. LEWIS presented the memorial of Denis
Sullivan, praying compensation for cotton
destroyed by order of Major General Banks
on or about the 27th day of April, 1864;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 335) to amend an act entitled "An act
to enforce the rights of citizens of the United
States to vote in the several States of this
Union, and for other purposes;" which was
read twice by its title, and ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 336)
to prevent and punish bribery and corrupt
practices in the election of electors of Presi-
dent and Vice President of the United States,
and of members of the House of Represent-
atives in the Congress of the United States;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 337) for the relief of Fanny A. Thomp-
son; which was read twice by its title, and
ordered to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 338)
in relation to the office of attorney of the United
htates for the district of Louisiana; which was
read twice by its title, and ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
Mr. OARPEN1ER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 339) for the relief of James Belger;
which was read twice by its title, and ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
CURRENCY REPORT.
Mr. SHERMAN. I offer the following res-
olution, and if there be no objection I ask for
its present consideration:
T1?.aith®re be Printed for the use of the
hisreeentReport reQGy tw0thousand copies of
The question of the printing of this book is
• ™ different from that as to ordinary books,
i be book that lies on our tables is printed under
the law as it stands; one thousand copies are
ordered to be printed for the use of Congress •
but there are now nearly two thousand banks'
and the Comptroller thinks that about one
thousand more copies are needed to distribute
to those banks having business with his office,
and he therefore asks that this enlargement of
m?ul?rT^ n?^orlzed for this session.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This, however,
being a proposition to print an extra number,
must by law be referred to the Committee on
Printing. The resolution will therefore lie on
the table until that committee is appointed.
PRINTING IN GERMAN.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, submitted the
following resolution ; which was ordered to lie
on the table until the Committee on Printing
shall be appointed:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
Senate twenty thousand copies of the President's
message and five thousand copies of the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, with accompanying
tables, being the report proper, in the German lan-
guage.
CONTUMACIOUS WITNESSES.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President, I was not ready
when reports were called for, and now ask
leave to make two reports from the joint Com-
mittee on the Condition of the late Insurrec-
tionary States, each of which is accompanied
by a concurrent resolution, which I am directed
to offer in the Senate. The first report which
I ask leave to make is one accompanied with
a resolution authorizing the President of the
Senate to issue his warrants directed to the
Sergeant-at-Arms, commanding him to take
into his custody the bodies of Clayton Camp
and David Gist, two witnesses who were sub-
peaaed before a sub-committee of the joint
committee in South Carolina, and failed to
appear. I ask leave to make that report,
accompanied by the resolution to 'which I have
alluded.
The Chief Clerk read the following report:
The joint select Committee to Inquire into the
Condition of the late Insurrectionary States, ap-
pointed under and in pursuance of a concurrent
resolution of the two Houses of Congress of April
7,1871, ask leave to report as follows:
That at a meeting of said joint select committee,
convened in the Capitol on the 23d of September,
1871, the chairman submitted the following extract
from the record of testimony taken in South Caro-
lina by a sub-committee authorized by said joint
select committee:
Columbia, South Carolina, July 21.1871.
James I. Christie sworn and examined.
By the Chairman:
Question, (submitting a paper.) Did youservethat
subpenaon David Gist; and if so, when ?
Answer. I did, at fifteen minutes past nine o'clock
on the 18th instant, Tuesday.
i Question. Did you serve it according to the indorse-
• ment on the subpena ?
, Answer. Yes, sir. I saw him at the depot the next
; morning, just as we were coining away, and inquired
i of him if he was going down. He replied in a very
I defiant manner, "No, I am not going." I replied
i that I had performed my duty, and that if he did not
, appear he must suffer the consequences.
The subpena above mentioned is as follows:
Lnited State$ of America—Congress of the United
States.
To David Gist, greeting :
Pursuant to lawlul authority, you are hereby
commanded to appear before the sub-committee of
the joint select Committee to Inquire into the Con-
dition 01 the late Insurrectionary States, on Thurs-
day, the 20th day of July, 1871, at ten o'clock a.
at their committee-room at Columbia, South Caro-
lina, then and there to testify what you may know
relative to the subject-matters under consideration
by said committee.
Hereof iail not, as you will answer your default
under the pains and penalties in such cases made
and provided.
To John B. French, Sergeant-at-Arms of the Sen-
ate 01 the united States, to serve and return.
4.V.*1 hand, by order of the committee,
this 18th day of July, in the year of our Lord 1871.
, JOHN SCOTT,
Chairman of the Select Committee.
Senate op the United States,
rriCE 0F THE Sergeant-at-Arms.
i do appoint and hereby empower James I. Chris-
.®er?e this subpena* and to exercise all the
authority m relation thereto with which lam vested
by the within order. JOHN R. FRENCH,
oergeant-at-Arms of the Senate oj the United States.
[Indorsement.]
Uxionville, South Carolina, My 18,1871.
,„iti,servei* '^ewithin subpena personally on the
°nmeo Ds}vl£ Gist. at the National Hotel,
Umonville, South Carolina, at nine o'clock and
ntteen minutes p.m.thislSth day of July. 1871.
JAMES I. CHRISTIE.
I will also lay before the eomrnit-
J,ollowln?, subpena, served in the name of
Clayton Camp, with the indorsement thereon:
baited States of America—Congress of the United
States.
greeting^8 0lavton Camp> an(l P' Q' CamP>
t0 authority, you are hereby com-
manded to appear before the sub-committee of the
