2712
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 23,
friends as perhaps any other man among those
by whom he was known. He was solicited
by the Government to undertake this work of
remeasuring all the vessels in the harbor of
New York and ascertain their tonnage. By
his acts he saved millions of dollars to the
Government. For one whole year after this
accident he laid in his bed unable to move,
destitute of mind and consciousness. After
he got so that he could get from his bed, for
more than a year he could not make one
single step forward.
The Committee on Invalid Pensions are
aware that this case is not within the law, but
they could not refuse to grant this man this
relief, as he suffered these severe afflictions in
the faithful service of the Government of the
United States, and saved millions of money to
this Government.
Mr. MAYNARD. During the war?
Mr. MOORE. During the war. He has
saved to the Treasury of the United States
millions of dollars, and there is nothing that
he has received for it. He has not been able to'
follow his profession, or do anything else in
the world for a livelihood.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is as far as I
can yield to my colleague, unless he has a bet-
ter reason. I understood him to say that if I
would yield to him he would make a statement
of the case that he knew would disarm me from
making any objection. His statement is that
this is a poor boy who educated himself and
became a competent draughtsman, and was
then appointed to an office in the custom-house
or in some other capacity as a measurer.
Mr.MOORE. Employed by the Government.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. At any rate he was
in the civil service of the Government; aud
to cap the climax, my colleague states that he
had been a member of the Legislature of the
State of New York, and therefore we should
pension him. Now, I will go as far as any-
body in pensioning men in the military and
naval service of the Government where they
are under such orders that they cannot evade
accidents, cannot evade incurring sickness and
disease, nor evade incurring wounds. But I
cannot consent to go, even in special cases, to
the pensioning of men who are on the civil
list of the Government. If you set a prece-
dent of that kind you never can stop. Every
man who has become disabled in the civil ser-
vice of the Government will make the same
plea. His life is as valuable to him as this
man's life. Every man will at once become
an accomplished scholar; his services will at
once be magnified into services of very great
importance to the Government; his loss to
himself and family will be irreparable; and
we shall be obliged to pension every man's
family if he dies in the civil service of the
Government, or pension him if he incurs per-
manent wounds or sickness or death while in
that service. We never have done this thing
before; there is no precedent for it. We ought
not to do it now. Frauds enough are now
being committed under our pension laws.
Mr. MOORE. Does my friend from New
Jersey [Mr. Bird] hold the floor?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hold it now.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Nib-
lack.) The gentleman from New Jersey
yielded to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth.]
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Bird] will withdraw
this bill. It is very clear that we cannot begin
a civil penson list without a great deal of dis-
cussion. This is the first case proposed to
the House for establishing a civil pension list
under this Government. As my friend will
remember, the proposition was made in the
Convention which framed the Federal Constitu-
tion to prohibit the establishment of a civil
pension list. It was objected to upon the
ground that no such prohibition was necessary;
that in a republican government the establish-
ment of Sftch a pension list was.iuipossible, I
trust the gentleman from New Jersey will not
press this bill at this time.
Mr. BIRD. I move the previous question.
I do not desire to stifle discussion; but I
think gentlemen are anxious to come to a
vote.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the previous question
be not sustained, I shall move to recommit the
bill. I believe that motion will be in order if
the previous question should not be seconded.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. It will.
The question being taken on seconding the
demand for the previous question, it was not
agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now move to recommit
the bill.
Mr. MOORE. I am satisfied that if mem-
bers of this House had seen this man as he
appeared before the committee—if they under-
stood the case as we understand it, as the
case of a man in the employ of the Govern-
ment during the war, for the purpose of meas-
uring vessels and to prevent frauds, and who
in this capacity rendered invaluable service in
time of war—if members generally could have
seen this man and realized his terrible condi-
tion, I am satsfied that the House would not
favor the motion to recommit the bill, but
would be glad to render him the assistance
which this bill proposes.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman
speaks of this service being rendered "in
time of waiv" What has that to do with the
case?
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Perhaps the case
is considered meritorious because the man did
not go into the military service. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. He was not engaged
in the war; lie had nothing to do with it.
Mr. MOORE. I am satisfied that this House
is ready to do an act of justice in a case like
this if it understands the facts. Time and
again the Government has compensated men
for extraordinary services and granted them
relief when they have suffered at its hands.
Mr. HOLMAN. Not by a pension.
Mr. MOORE. Grant this as a pension or
grant it as relief. Whatever you may see fit
to call it, the Government is indebted to this
man, and it could not reject his claim without
inflicting upon him the severest injustice.
I regret exceedingly that this House should
manifest a disposition adverse to the passage
of this bill. A more meritorious claim never
came before Congress; and I am satisfied that
every member in this House would take pre-
cisely the same view of the case that I do if
he was familiar with all the facts. This man
comes here supported by the recommendation
and solicitation of the best men in the country.
A better man never rendered service to the
Government in any capacity. I regret exceed-
ingly to see opposition to this bill. The Gov-
ernment eau never do wrong by granting
relief to a man of such singular fidelity and
ability—a man ruined in every respect by the
service he rendered to the Government; a
faithful, patriotic man, giving up every private
interest to serve the Government in a time
when it was almost impossible to get such
talent and such fidelity for the examination
and measurement of these vessels. As I have
already said, millions of money were saved to
the Treasury of the United States through the
services of this man. How are you going to
compensate him? Shall the people of this
country derive such benefits from services
rendered by a man at so much peril and loss
to himself, and yet allow him no compensa-
tion ?
Mr. HOLMAN. I call the previous ques-
tion on the motion to recommit.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I would like to make
a single suggestion.
Mr. HOLMAN. In order that the gentleman
may do so, I withdraw for the present the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. STOUGHTON. 1 do not like to an-
tagonize any bill giving a pension to any deserv-
ing soldier or any other person who is entitled
to it. But this is a remarkable case. Let us
see how it stands. Here is a man to whom it
is proposed to give sixty dollars a month as a
pension. Now, if he had been a private sol-
dier who enlisted for thirteen dollars a month
and served for three years or during the war, if
he had been wounded the day before his term
of service ended, all the pension he could pos-
sibly have obtained, if he had received the
same injury as this man, would be fifteen dol-
lars a month, and probably he could not have
obtained more than eight dollars a month.
What propriety is there in giving sixty dol-
lars per month to a man in the civil service,
who, instead of enlisting and serving during a
perilous war, engaged in a business which was
profitable and desired by all ?
I should like to know, Mr. Speaker, if this
Government is to be the insurer of the life
of every man who holds civil service under it.
Such never was the intention of the law, and
is not authorized by any provision or any
statute. It is a wrong and dangerous prin-
ciple for us to now establish. If you pass this
bill, all civil officers who happen to be disabled
will come in and ask sixty dollars a month,
while the highest military officers who were
wounded in the military service of the country
do not receive more than thirty dollars per
month. The result will be the military pen-
sion system will be destroyed. I see no good
reason why we should give a pension to a man
in the civil service who happened to receive
some injury by accident to which all men are
liable.
Mr. HOLMAN. I can yield no further, but
must demand the previous question on the
motion to recommit the bill.
Mr. WAKEMAN. I hope the gentleman
from Indiana will allow the matter to be post-
poned until to-morrow evening, when we shall
have a fuller House.
Mr. HOLMAN. I cannot yield for any
such motion.
Mr. WAKEMAN. It is always a correct
principle to do what is right whenever we have
an opportunity to do so.
Mr. HOLMAN. I insist on the demand for
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was recommitted.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted ; and also
moved that the motion to recommit be laid
upon the table
The latter motion was agreed to.
maky h. bartlett.
Mr. BIRD also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2449) granting a
pension to Mary H. Bartlett; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
4nd limitations of the pension laws, the name
ofMary.H. Bartlett, widow of E. \V. Bartlett,
late acting steersman on the United States
steam ram Monarch of the Mississippi marine
brigade.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BIRD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
lucretiab. galloway.
Mr. BIRD also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2450) granting a
pension to Lucretia B. Galloway; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
