1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
921
democratic Republic; and it is as much honor
to us to-day that we did not try and shoot
down tnOn of hang them after the war wag
over, as it was that we put down that rebellion
itself.
In saying this, sir, I have not a word to say
in regard to any mitigation of the guilt. There
is no man in America who beiieves more in
the guilt of these men than I do. They have
been punished. When we remember who they
were, how they ruled this country fortwo gen-
erations, how they voted down sacred rights,
how they advanced in one aggression Upon the
country after another until they raised the
standard of revolt in their ecstasy of power and
hope, and see where they are to-day and what
they are, defeated, never more to guide the
destinies of this country, their bondmen taken
from them and made citizens of the United
States, their millions of property gone, poverty
over that section of the country, and what is
more and greater than all this, a record that is
to live aa long as the history of the country is to
'Ive, and that, record being that these men in
this age of Christian civilization, that these
men in this day of light and knowledge, in this
Christian democratic Republic, for the purpose
of continuing fetters on human limbs, keeping
auction-blocks and whips, selling babies, and
extending their power and control in the coun-
try, raised their hands against this nation and
strove to-Wot the Republic from the list of
nations. Now, sir, that record is to go down to
coining time blacker to-morrow than it is to-day.
It was a sin against the human race, and the
human race will never forget it and never for-
give it. When time passes away, when we get
away from slavery in ali its influences, in the
calm and bettet days that are to come, humanity
the wide world over will look with horroritpon
that record. And, sir. is there a Senator here
to-day wiio would not tadier be taken out and
shut like a dog, or hung l.ke one, within an
hour, than to have his name associated wiih
that rebellion? Why, sir, talk of prisons, talk
of hangings and shooting-;—imprisonments,
hangings and shootings would be mercy rather
than to have such a record as that to go down
to coming time. I would rather die a million
deaths of the most ignominious character than
to have mv name associated in any way with
that rebellion : an-l so would not only every
patriotic man and liberty loving man, but every
man in God's world who believes in the pro-
gress of th-e human race and in thed'gmty of
humanity. They have been punished; they
are being punished ;. rhey are to be punished
mure in the tuture iliati in the past, and the
time will come when those men, 1 hope, will
get their -eyes open enough to see that tliev
•would call upon the veiy mountains to hide
them fiom the face of outraged humanity.
1 do not want to keep this punishment.
They have been punUhed. I am wihing,
therefore, to go in this maHer ot removing
disabiliuts to this extent, to let everyuo.ly go,
even meiubeis ot the conventions, and mili-
tary and naval men. These miihaiy aud naval
men do not amount to much. Ttiey generally
li.id not much to do about lending. 1 ney fol-
lowed tbeir section of the country out; they
followed the statesmen and politicians that
went out and organized the icbeliion. There
is not a grt at deal to be said about them. I
am willing to letihem and the men in the con-
ventions out. and I propose and intend if I
get an opportunity, to move an amendment
that shall carry out my own view applying the
exception only to men who have been in Con-
gress, men who have been in the Cabinet, mid
men who have sat on the seats of the Supreme
Couit ot the United Slates. There would tie
perhaps two hundred or nvo hundred and fitly
of them. And, sir, 1 will go further. I wid
pa'don any of them when they a~k me to do
it, and show by tneir conduct that they mean
honestly to submit to the Constitution and laws
of the country. There are some of these men
who tave behaved well since the war closed,
whose influences have been good, There are
others who have acted far otherwise.
Now, sir, 1 am in favor not only of amnesty
as far as the bill goes, but further, 1 am in
favor of the civil rights amendment that shall
protect the colored citizens of the United
States all over the United States, everywhere,
North and South, in traveling in public con-
veyances, in being taken care of in hotels, and
of settling the question of equality in thekpri-
mary schools ot the country where so much is
to be done to educate the rising generation of
the country to forget caste and believe in the
equality of our common humanity.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President, the
Senator from Vermont said that if the amend-
ment offered by my colleague Should prevail,
such men as Hampton, Kershaw, and Butler
would be entitled to hold office, and would no
doubt hold the position of Governor and other
important offices in South Carolina. Does the
honorable Senator know that there is a majority
of colored voters in South Carolina of about
twenty five thousand, and if these men hoid
office, are they to hold office by the votes of
those colored people? He goes further, and
says he has evidence that these very men.
Hampton, Kershaw, and Butler, were engaged
in Ku Klux operations, so much so as to be the
advisory board of that K'an. Sir, I was pres-
ent during ihe recess of Congress, two weeks
or more, in Columbia, at the trials there, and
no evidence was -adduced in court tending
in the least to implicate these men. nor do 1
believe they are so engaged. I believe fur-
ther they would discountenance ali such oper-
ations, alt sueh outrages; and the proof of my
assertion is this; that not a sin^ie Ka Klux
outrage has occurred in the counties in which
those gentlemen live. On the contrary. I
learn that they have suppressed ali lawlessness
in their respective counties.
One of the gentlemen whose name has been
mentioned, I can inform the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont, has had his disabilities
removed, and he rau for the office of Lieuten-
ant Governor about eighteen months ago, and
was defeated by about thirty-tour thousand
majority. I know ttiose gentlemen wall. I
have known General Kersnaw since 1 wus a
boy, perhaps not more than eijihl or ten years
of age. i believe him. incapable of doing a
mean thing or a cowardly act. I know the
o ner men not so well as I have known Ker-
shaw, but, while 1 do not .speak toonevf them.
Genera.! Hampton, 1 will say the same thing
of all three—tiwy are honorable and wave
men, and incapable of doing a mean a.t. in my
opinion ; but if tucy are engaged 111 any Ku
KillX operaiions, 1 say iet them be punched
to the t-xierit of she taw : but me tact mu-t be
proven and establi-hed by due process of lav
before the assertion tan be made in my pres-
ence, without at least receiving from nte a
prompt contradiction.
Sir, if these men are implicated in Ku Klux
outr ijes, I repeat, let the law be vindicated ;
down « .th Ku Kiux t-.ud up « ith the supremacy
of the l«w and ihe equal ngii's of all citizens.
Tne honorable Senator horn Indiana, if 1
am lint mistaken, said mat if tins motion to
strike out prevai.e.l, theio would be no consii-
tiHional line ot demarcation i.erween the rebel
clement of this country and the loyal element.
Sir, 1 would again refer him to the third sec-
tion of the fourteenth am*-ml men t to the Con-
stitution <>f the Uniud Mates. When any of
the forner rebels are elected or appooited to
office. 1 ask the honorable Senator what oath
are they 10 take ? Not the oat h known as the
iron-clad oath, but the modified oath. S.r,
that IS a tine ot deiuarcitiou ,vlneh wi'l follow
tho-.e men as long as time lasts, or at L ast as
ions as this Government stands. These gen-
tlemen. as I said before, matte a mistake when
thev went into ribeliion, and a wry grievous
ami sad oue. 1 opposed them with what feeble
ability 1 possessed. They were defeated, aud
no one rejoiced at the result more than I.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr, President, I had resolved
not to say another word on this bill or any
amendment that might be offered to it; but
the remarks which have been made by the
Senator from Vermont, [Mr. Ed.iicxds,] and
those just made by the Senator from South
Carolina, [Mr. Robertson,] have induced me
to violate that resolution. I will not vote for
the amendment offered by the Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Sawyer] for reasons
which I liave already stated, but I seize this
occasion and the remarks made by the Senator
from Vermont. [Mr. Ebmuxds,] and those
made by the Senator from South Carolina,
[Mr. Robertson,] to enforce a point which I
made when I first, addressed the Senate upon
this amnesty bill. I made the point- that if
Congress had held to the vantage-ground
which it. originally stood upon when the four-
teenth article of amendment to the Constitu-
tion was passed, we would be on much safer
ground in legislating to-day on this question
of the removal of disabilities than we find
ourseives after the large number of persons
who have been relieved from disabilities.
In view of that point I call attention to the
appeal made by the Senator from Vermont
not to adopt this amendment, for the reasoa
that if we do we make eligible to office three
gentlemen whom he named, and who, he says,
ought not to be eligible to office, for the
reason that they are now shown to be what
is called the advisory board in the Ku Klux
organization. Experience has taught me, in
speaking of this Ku Klux business, that it is
not advisable to teli the whole truth if a maa
who knows it wishes to preserve his character
for veracity; and therefore it has been my
habit, in speaking of my in formation upon this
subject, to speak very guardedly.
I will not say that Wade Hampton, and
General Kershaw, and General Butler are
members of the Ku Klux organization, or that
they form the advisory board in it. I have
some information upon that question, but not
such as would authorize me to say here, as
ihe Senator from Vermont has said, that lie
has had information from an authority which
he savs authorizes him to announce here that
they are such members ; but I do feel author-
ized, before 1 come to the application which 1
wish to make of this information, to send
to the Chair and have fread a circular having
aoneuded to it the names of two of the gen-
tlemen referred to, so that the Senate and the
country may see where they do actually stand
upon the Ku Kiux business. I ask the Cierk
to read the circular which I send to th° Chair,
told before it is read I wish to state that it is
puirisned in the Yorkville Inquirer, a paper
pu jiish-d ax the county town of a county in
the State of South Carolina, in which it is n-ow
entirely apparent that almost every white uian
over tie age of eitilreeu \ears is a member
of the Ku Klux organization. The Clerk will
please read now the paragraph 1 have marked
in 'ne paoer s-ntto tlie desk.
Mr. EDMUNDS, Mav-i ask my frieud
troin Pennsylvania a queftion ?
Mr. SCO! I. Certainly.
Mr. EDilUNlJS. i ask w'hpfhet he tfeinks
it e:uireiv Clear that the ciieular signed by
those gentlemen would necessarily disclose ali
t ueir connection with tha> oigamzatKm ?
Mr. SCO t'l'. The Se.ia'or from Vermont
ft id lind that it was unnecessary to pat the
question if he would p&rm.t the circular to be
read and permit me to say what I proposed to
follow it with.
.Mr. EDMUNDS. I beg my friend's pardon
for having p it an improper inquiry.
Mr. SCOf'1'. it is-not improper.
The Chief Clerk read as foilows:
Cwcufur*
Eminent counsel from the 2sorth have been pth-
plovc-cl to defend the men pros-oomed under the Ku
Klux aet of Congress. TiiiS has been undertaken
iu onlcr that ample justice uiay be dune, and to tbe
end thai the conshtuiionul questions involved may
be considered. This is deemed a psfrfte-ctety. Jst
