1S12.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
3609
■which board shall consist of not less than five offi-
cers, to be selected by the Secretary of War: And
provided further, That the system when so adopted
shall be the only one to be used by the ordnance
department in the manufacture of muskets and
carbines for the military service.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert as an
addiiional section the following:
Sec. 3. That the Secretary of War be, and he is
hereby, authorized and directed to cause to be
sold, after ofier at public sale on thirty days'
notice, in such manner and places, at public or pri-
vate sale, as he may deem most advantageous to the
public interest, any surplus clothing on hand in ex-
cess of two years' supply required for the?use ot the
Army according to its presentstandard, which in his
judgment it will be for the public interest to dis-
pose of, and to cause the gross proceeds of such sales
to be deposited in the Treasury of the United States:
Provided, That such sales shall be made by the Sec-
retary of War at any time prior to the 30th day of
June, 1873.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This com-
pletes the amendments of the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. LOGAN. I move to amend the bill on
page 9, by striking out lines one hundred
and ninety-seven and one hundred and ninety-
eight. in the words " for experimental twelve-
inch ' rifled cannon and testing the same,
$180,000," and to insert in lieu thereof:
For experiments acd tests of heavy ordnance
@180,COU: Provided, Thatthis appropriation shallbe
applied to at least three models of heavy ordnance,
to be designated by a board of officers to be appointed
by the Secretary of War, which report shall include
both classes, breach and muzzle-loadmg cannon.
Mr. COLE. I should like to inquire if this
is recommended by the Department? Has this
change the recommendation of the Depart-
ment or of any committee?
Mr. LOGAN. What Department?-
Mr. COLE. The War Department, as a
matter of course.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not know anything
about any recommendations. I am not on the
committee. I am satisfied that the amend-
ment is tight, and I can satisfy the Senate that
it is right. I will not say here what commun-
ications I have had with the Secretary of War
or others in reference to it; I only say that
the amendment is right in my judgment. The
proviso is intended to prevent the expenditure
of larger sums of money on any one gun, or
any one patentee's patent, but provides for
the appointment of a board of officers to ex-
amine the different patented guns, and select
the three best, and then the Department shall
experiment with the three best, instead of
experimenting with one. The experiment
itself will then decide which is the best of the
three that have been approved after an exam-
ination of the whole. The object is to give the
different patentees a fair chance to have their
guns tried by examination by a board of offi-
cers and then have them tested ; and that is
certainly just. Instead of selecting out one
gun, and spending 5180,000 upon it, testing
it for one or two years, this is a proposition to
examine the whole, select the three best, test
them, and then to select the best one as shown
by that test.
Mr. COLE. I do not know how many dif-
ferent kinds of guns there are upon which
these experiments ought to be had, but the
bill itself authorizes the expenditure of money
upon even a dozen or more different sorts, if
there should be that many. It may possibly
be the case, however, that there are not three
different kinds known to the Department now
that are worth testing, and that it is better the
test should be applied to one or two kinds of
guns; and yet this amendment would oblige
them to expend a third of the appropriation,
perhaps, or a large portion of it, upon some
gun which possessed no merit at all. I am
not a judge of these matters. I am not a man
of war like my friend from Illinois, and he may
know more about this than I do. I do not
know even the names of the different guns
that are proposed, nor the name of any one
who has a gun which he wishes tested; but it
strikes me that the language of the bill would
give the Department more latitude and a better
chance to make a fair test than if they were
restricted to three guns and must apply the
appropriation to at least three guns.
Mr. WEST. Individually I am disposed to
accept the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois; but I am not authorized to do so on
behalf of the Committee on Appropriations.
I will state to the Senate that the Committee
on Military Affairs, of which I am also a mem-
ber. have had their attention attracted to the
peculiar phraseology of this paragraph, and
they knew very well that it was under a recom-
mendation made by the ordnance department
to apply this appropriation to one particular
gun. We have had in that committee a num-
ber of models of heavy ordnance submitted
which we are not prepared to pass judgment
upon, but we think an appropriation of this
amount of money should properly embrace a
wider field than it will if we adhere to the
recommendation of the chief of ordnance and
confine the appropriation to one weapon only.
The object is to promote the public interest by
biinging into practical test and examination
such pieces of ordnance, breech-loaders, as
will meet the approval of a board of Army
officers in order to justify the expenditure of
any money whatever upon them. The amend-
ment merely proposes to appropriate the same
amount of money as the paragraph in the bill,
and embraces three guns instead of one. As
a member of the Committee on Appropriations,
I am ready to accept it.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to detain
the Senate, but inasmuch as the Senator who
has charge of this bill has stated a fact which
I knew before but did not desire to speak
about, I will say a word or two. I will now
state to the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, the Senator from California,
my object in submitting this amendment. I
knew this $180,000 was intended to be applied
to one gun, and 1 will explain and show the'
Senator from California why. If I knew noth-
ing about it otherwise, yet I would know that
from reading this clause, for the language is,
"for experimental 12-inch rifled cannon."
Why did it not say " for experimental heavy
ordnance?" Then it would have included
12-inch and 15-inch guns; but the language is
" 12-inch rifled cannon." I knew that the
Woodbridge gun was the gun intended to be
tested. Now I propose that this money shall
be applied to heavy ordnance, so that every
man's patent will have a chance. I propose
to cover this and let each gun if it has merit
be tested. That will allow $60,000 for the
testing of each gun. I know nothing about
whose gun has merit, or whose has not, and I
do not care anything about that; but I am
tired of seeing this thing of appropriating
large amounts of money for the benefit of
some particular individual. We have the
Moffat gun, we have the Thompson gun, the
Woodbridge gun, the Dablgren gun, the Rod-
man gun, and 1 do not know how many other
different patents, and experiments that are
being made show that we are improving every
day as well in large heavy ordnance as in small
arms.
I propose that these various improvements
which are being developed every day shall
have a fair examination and test, so as to give
us a better gun either of large or small caliber.
I have nothing to do with it; you have noth-
ing to do with it; none of us have anything
to do with it, but the Secretary of War is
directed to appoint a board of officers of the
Army to do what ? To examine all the guns, if
there are a hundred of them, of heavy caliber,
to decide upon the three best, both of breech-
loading heavy ordnance and muzzle-loading
heavy ordnance, and then apply the $180,000
to testing the three best guns out of ail the
different patents. When they test the three
best, then they get the best of all the patents.
If you apply your $180,000 to the testing of
one gun, then you have only tested that one
gun ; you do not know whether it is a better
gun than others or not; you know that is a
good gun, and that is all you know. I am for
fair play, and that is all this amendment pro-
poses. It proposes that the Secretary of War
shall devise a mode by which the Government
of the United States shall get the best arm for
the least money. That is all there is in it, and
that is all it means.
Mr. COLE. I have not the least objection
in the world to having the phraseology so
changed as to have the experiments applied
to large ordnance as suggested by the honor-
able Senator from Illinois. I think it should
be, if the words "twelve inch" restrict it to
some particular gun, or the gun of some par-
ticular inventor. I have never heard that be-
fore to-day from any source, nor any intima-
tion of it. I am quite willing that the Senator
should change the language so that it shall
apply to large ordnance.
Mr. LOGAN. That is the change I have
made, and that the examination shall be by a
board of officers, because that is the right way
to test arms, and is the way that has always
been adopted heretofore.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BLAIR. I desire to call attention to
the third section of the bill, and to ask some
explanation of it. It reads:
That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to cause to be sold, after
offer at public sale on thirty days' notico, in such
manner and places, at public or private sale, as he
may deem most advantageous to tne public interest,
any surplus clothing on hand, &c.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment has been agreed to.
Mr. CLAIR. Then I move to strike it out.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It has been
agreed to. The Senator can move to recon-
sider the vote by which it was adopted, or he
can reserve it and object to it in the Senate.
Mr. BLAIR. I ask that it be reserved for
a separate vote.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move lo amend the
bill on page 6, line one hundred and thirteen,
by inserting after the word " dollars," in lieu
of the amendment which was ruled out of
order, the following:
Provided, That no part of the money appropriated
by this act shall be paid to any railroad company
while in arrears to the Government of the United
States for interest paid upon bond3 for said com-
pany.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think that is in
order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why not in order? Is
it not a limitation on the expenditure of money
appropriated in the bill ?
Mr. STEWART. Then you mean to repu-
diate the obligation of the Government to pay
where the statute requires it to pay ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not a question
of order, that I know of. That is another
question.
Mr. BLAIR. This question was before the
Senate during the last Congress, and on full
debate decided. The railroad companies, un-
der the acts by which they were incorporated,
and by which bonds were granted to them, were
required to perform certain services, and the
Government undertook to do certain things ;
but it was never understood that the interest
on the bonds was to be paid by the railroad,
companies until the time had elapsed for their
payment by the terms of the act. itself. The
Senator from Nevada is more familiar with the
act than I am, but there was a time limited in
the act itself when they should be called upon
to pay the bonds.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator has that
act at hand I wish he would read it, or cause
it to be read—the declaratory act passed last
year.
