1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1817
commerce. On the contrary, it is dying of
too much legislation. Take oft' your restrict-
ive laws; let us have free ships or lower
duties, so that ships may be built in this coun-
try, and the flag will soon wave upon every
sea. If you want to be a commercial people,
repeal the anti-commercial laws now upon
your statute-book. We cannot be a commer-
cial people arnd an exclusive people at the
same time; we cannot combine the English
system and the Chinese system in one aud
the same nation.
Mr. SARGENT obtained the floor.
Mr. SWANN. Will the gentleman yield a
moment for a suggestion?
Mr. SARGENT. I have but five minutes.
Mr. S VVANN. I was about to say that if it
meets the approbation of the chairman of the
cnmmittee. t will move that the time for debate
be extended one hour.
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in the power
of the Committee of the Whole to extend the
limn.
Mr. PETERS. And if it were, I should
object.
.Air. RANDALL. It is in the power of the
committee to rise that the House may extend
the time.
Mr. SARGENT. I decline to yield for that
purpose. Air. Chairman, this is the third day
during which this deba'e has run; and one
day we devoted about three hours to this dis-
cussion. I think that gentlemen on both sides
of the question have been heard very liberally,
and that it is well we should now come to
some conclusion and dispose ot' this bill.
Sir, it makes very little difference, I sup-
pose, in our deliberations, whether men own-
ing this stock in the New York or any other
market see fit to gamble upon the prospects
of the passage of this bill or any other. Their
gambling operations extend to greenbacks, to
Government bonds, to everything thatis capa-
ble of being represented by a money value,
and the argument which would prevent legis-
lation in favor of the commerce of the coun-
try on the ground that those who hold stock
miiy be benefited by it, or those who have sold
"snort" may be injured by it, ha3 no force
whatever.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. They bet on
Tittlebat Titmouse's life when he fainted in
the street.
Mr. SARGENT. Yes, sir; they gamble on
anything.
Now, sir, there seems to be, as the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Haldeman] has
well said, though he said it for another object,
two classes of minds in the country and two
classes of men on this floor. I suppose we are
here in every sense representative men. Some
of us may think, perhaps, that the object of
the Government is to do nothing to improve
the country, nothing to exteud its commerce;
that- it should lie like a log m the way of pro-
gress; while others believe not only that the
Government ought to exercise its great poweis
for the improvement of the country and the
extension of our commerce, but that the people
will Uphold us in doing that duty. I tell gen-
tlemen that men of earnest conviction who
make public opinion do not look with favor
upon narrow-minded Repiesentatives, whether
they belong to the Republican or Democratic
party; on men who tremble at the slightest
opposition on the part of any, however small
a portion of the people. Ihey do not look
with favor upon those men who do not dare to
do that which they think is right and which
will aid in the improvement ot the country.
When the people lind a time-serving servant
who trembles,to do what is right, he is soon
passed by in the rushing tide ol public opin-
ion, and men of more stamina and nerve are
brought forward to till his place. The Demo-
cratic party does not make progress in popu-
lar favor, because it has no liberal ideas, 110
great project for the public good, and only
hangs on the wheels ot improvement.
I wish to say a word in reference to the Pan-
ama Railroad Company, though it does seem
to be somewhat out of place to lug it in
here. The gentleman from New York [Mr.
Cox] has spoken mildly in their behalf. I
regret the letter he referred to was not reatfc
I cannot yield to have it read now, but I do
not object to its being printed in the Globe.
It would have given me an opportunity to
criticise it. The remark I made the other day
was that they charged twenty-five dollars in
gold for every passenger m tbe days of their
power. I was made to say "charge," instead
of "charged;" but that I had corrected in
the permanent copy of the Globe. I saw
myself also reported as remarking that the
charge of carrying freight a few miles across
the Isthmus was an etiormous proportion of
the whole amount of carrying freight from
China to New York. I did say that it was
from San Francisco to New York, and had
that corrected, as any gentleman may see by
reference to the folio edition. It costs to carry
freight across the Isthmus as much as the Cen-
tral Pacific charges for eleven hundred miles.
Their present exactions are enormous, and
have driven trade round the Horn. All I said
of their lotmer dealings I repeat.
Another thing I wisn to impress upon the
attention of the House. _ It may be to the
advantage of New York to have the freight
carried by way of the Isthmus. I have nothing
to say against that great commercial city ; I
am proud of it. But I have already shown
that tea carried by the Isthmus, via New York,
to Chicago, to Cincinnati, and to other parts
of the West, costs six cents per pound, when
it is delivered by the Central Pacific and its
connections at four aud three quarter cents to
the interior. The West has a direct interest
in this matter antagonistic to the Panama Rail-
road Company. Three fourths of the stock
of that compauy are owned in England.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Mr. Chairman, it was
fitting and proper, in speaking in defense of a
bill of this character, that my colleague from
New York [Mr. Townsexd] should apostro-
phize Nelson, the chief corsair of a pirate
nation. It was proper, it was fitting; when
we remember what this corsair did at Nava-
rino, Naples, and Copenhagen, and when we
remember his other acts of piracy, it was
fitting for my colleague from New York to
apostrophize him in asking a subsidy which
practically amounts to a robbery of the Amer-
ican people. But while he was glorifying this
ehiet corsair he abused the flag of this pirate.
It seemed to me very strange that he should con-
demn the flag and glorify the chief; but it was
well to invoke sympathy in behalf of the Amer-
ican flag by abusing the British. 1 wish I could
believe that he felt as he spoke. But under all
circumstances, no matter who is benefited or
injured, I oppose this subsidy as unnecessary
and unjust. "There has not been an argument
used in behalf of it in this House which could
not be used in defense and on behalf of every
other measure and every other commercial
enterprise in the country—not a single one.
YVe are told by my friend from Kentucky,
[Mr. Beck,] whose opinions I respect, and for
whose judgment I have the highest esteem,
that we have lost our commerce by high pro-
tective tariffs. I doubt that very much. Our
commerce was destroyed during our civil war
by British ships and British money. The Ala-
bama and kindred vessels swept our commerce
from the seas, and in doing this these vessesl
not alone swept away our commerce, but they
swept away the capital which was invested in
our commercial marine and in our commercial
liiterestsconnectedtherewith. Therefore, since
that time our commerce has been languishing,
but I hope it will not long continue so.
1 do not, Mr. Chairman, approve of this
idea that we should go abroad, or encourage
our merchants to go abroad, to purchase, with
American money, ships built by England.
While we tax the materials which enter into
our own ship-building, we would in that way
be placing a premium upon foreign ships to
the exclusion of our own manufactures, aud
to the injury of the mechanics of our own
country. I say we ought first to look to their
interests. I am willing to go for any measure
which is just and proper, that'will encourage
and increase the ship-building of our country.
But I will never vote for a measure that will
bring in here the manufactured articles of
Great Britain to the exclusion of our own
ships and the detriment of our own mechan-
ics. On that point I wish to be distinctly
understood.
Only a few years ago the value of the stock
of this company was two hundred and fifty
percent, of the par value. Two dollars and
a half was the value of every dollar's worth of
the stock. Why has it gone down in standing
on the stock exchange? The stock may have
been watered. 1 think I have heard something
of that kind, but I will not vouch for it; a gen-
tleman near me, who ought to know the iauis,
says it was not. I will assume that it was not.
But it went down because of competition with
the railroad to which we have given such
amounts of territory and such vaot sums of
money." That road superseded tbe value or
usefulness of this line, and down wentiis stock
as the necessary result, anticipated by the
owners of the stock and tbe country at large
from the opening of the Pacific railroad.
Now we are asked to give an increased sub-
sidy—for what? To run up this stock in Wall
street. It has been going up ever since this
measure was proposed on the floor of the
House in anticipation of the incieased subsidy
of $500,000, which the stock jobbers of Wall
street hope to wring from an already over-
taxed people through their Representatives in
Congress.
Well, sir, for one, I will not alone vote against
this bill, but against every similar measure
which may be introduced here; and Itrustthere
is patriotism, honesty, and wisdom enough in
this House to defeat it and every measure of
a kindred nature. Wall street stock-jobbers,
whose patriotism is measured by their bank
account, may speculate in the good or bad
fortune of their country ; but they shall never
increase their coffers at tbe expense of the
American people by my vote as .a member of
Congress. Any bill which is honestly calculated
to restore our merchant marine to the highynd
prosperous position it occupied before our late
war; which will give employment to our ha-dy
and skillful mechanics, andrestore once mori! to
our empty ship yards the hum of happy voices
and the sound of the hammer and the mallet,
I will vote for freely and gladly. I want to see
American ships built by American artisans
aud sailed by American sailors, and I hope
to have an opportunity of voting for such a bill
before this session of Congress terminates.
[Here the hammer fell-]
The CHAIRMAN. The time limited by
order of the House for debate 011 the pending
paragraph and amendments has now expired.
The question is on the substitute offered by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farss-
WORTH. ]
Mr. RANDALL. In order that the tune
for debate may be extended by the House, I
move that the committee do now rise.
The committee divided ; and there were
ayes 86, noes 70.
Mr. SARGENT demanded tellers.
On orderiug tellers there were—ayes twenty ;
not one fifth of a quorum.
So tellers were refused, and the motion that
the committee rise was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr.
Wheeler reported that the Coniioittee ot the
Whole on the s[^e of tbe Union had had
under consideration the state of the Uinoa
generally, and especially the bill (H. R. No.
1070) making appropriations for the semce
