2Q
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
witness 011 such examination shall be held or taken
to be included within the privilege of said evidence
so to protect such witness from any criminal pro-
ceeding as aforesaid; and no witness shall hereafter
be allowed to refuse to testify to any fact, or to pro-
duce any paper touching which he shall be exam-
ined by either House of Congress, or any committee
of either House, for the reason that his testimony
touching such fact, or the production of such paper,
may tend to disgrace him or otherwise render him
infamous: Provided, That nothing in this act shall
be construed to exempt any witness from prosecu-
tion and punishment for perjury committed by him
in testifying as aforesaid.'
"Now, in view of the law, as it has been read to
you, and after having put to you the questions which
you have declined to answer, I will proceed now to
ask you whether you have ever held, or now hold,
any official position in any organization in the State
of North Carolina popularly known as the Ku Klux
organization ?
44Answer. I decline to answer that question.
*4 Question, Do you know who are members of any
such organization in the county of Orange, North
Carolina?
44 Answer. I decline to answer that question.
"Question. Do you know who are the commanders,
chiefs, or heads, by whatever names they may be
known, of the different organizations of the Ku Klux
Klan, in the county of Orange, in North Carolina?
"Answer. I decline to answer that question, for
the reason I have assigned.
" Question. Had you at the time, or have you now,
any knowledge of the persons who have committed
the murders and inflicted the whippings that have
been charged against the Ku Klux Klan in the
county of Orange, and in the State of North Caro-
lina?
44Answer. No,sir: not of my own personal knowl-
edge, I have not. That question is not saved by the
answers I have heretofore given.
" Question. Have you had any communication with
persons who have stated to you their knowledge of
such murders or such whippings in the county of
Orange, in the State'of North Carolina, or in .any
other part of the State of North Carolina?
44 Answer. I have had only one such conversation.
44 Question. With whom?
44 Answer. That I decline to state.
44 Question. Where did the person livo with whom
you had such conversation ?
" Answer. I decline to state that also.
"Question. What position, if any, did he occupy in
North Carolina?
44 Answer, I decline to answer that question.
44 Question. Was he amember of the Legislature of
North Carolina?
44 Answer. I decline to say that.
44 Question. Was he a member of the bar ?
"Answer. X decline to say.
" Question. Was he a leading man in the State?
M Answer. I decline to say.
" Question. Do you decline to give any information
which may load to the identification of that person?
"Answer. Yes, sir; that is the sum and substance
of it.
44 Question, What was the offense which he com-
municated to you as having been committed by the
Ku Klux Klan ? Was it murder ?
" Answer. I decline to answer.
" Question. Was it whipping?
" Answer. I decline to state.
44 Question. Did he state to you that he was amem-
ber of any of the so-called Ku Klux organizations?
44 Answer. I decline to state.
. " Question. Do you know Henry Ivy, or Ivry, of
Orange county. North Carolina?
" Answer. I decline to state whether I do or not.
M Question. Do you know Abraham, or Abe Hedge-
peth, of Orange county, North Carolina?
"Answer. I have no hesitation in saying whether
I knew Ivy or not; I knew no such man.
44 Question. Do you know any man of the name of
Henry Ivry?
"Answer. No, sir; I know of no name similar to
that.
*' Question. Do you know Abraham or Abe Iledge-
peth?
"Answer, Yes, sir; I know him.
" Question. Do you know whether he is or is not, or
has he at any time told you whether he is or is not
a member of any Ku Klux organization?
44 Answer. I decline to answer.
44 Question. Do you know James Copeland, of
Orange county ?
44 Answer. No, sir; I do not.
" Question. Do you know whether he is or is not a
member of the Ku Klux Klan, or one of the leaders
of the Klan in that county ?
44 Answer. I decline to answer.
" Question, Have you ever heard of Henry Ivy, or
Henry Ivry?
Answer. No, sir; I know of no man of any such
name.
44 Question. Have you ever heard of James Cope-
land?
41 Answer. No, sir.
"Question Yet you decline to answer whether he
is or is not a member of the Klan ?
"Answer, Yes, sir; because to do so would lead
to an affirmative by a series of negatives.
44 Question. Do you know William Andrews, of
Orange county, North Carolina ?
44 Answer. No, sir; I do not think I do. I know
some people of the name of Andrews, but I do not
remember any one of them named William.
44 Question. Do you know whether William An-
drews is a member or a chief of any Ku Klux
organization in that county ?
" Anstoer, I decline to answer.
44 Question, Do you know Jesse Morrow /
((Answer. No, sir; but X have heard that name.^
" Question. Do you know of such a man living in
Orange county ? „ A
44Answer. I think there was a man there ot that
name. .
" Question. Do you know whether he is or is not a
member of a Ku Klux organization, or whether no
is or is not a chief in command of one of the divis-
ions or klans in that county ?
"Answer. I decline to answer.
"Question. Do you know Nat. Williams, of Orange
county ?
4" Answer. I think I do.
44Question. What is his occupation ?
44Answer. Ifhe is the man lam thinking of he is a
wheelwright.
44 Question. Where does he live ?
4 4Answer, I am not sure whether he lives in Orange
county or in Chatham county.
44 Question. Do you know whether he is or is not a
member of tlieKuKlux organization, and achiefof
one of its divisions or klans ?
"Ansioer. I decline to answer.
" Question. I believe you said you knew Abraham
Hedgepeth ?
44Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. What is his occupation ?
44Answer. Well, sir, I don't believe he has any.
*' Question. Is he a wealthy man ?
44 Answer, No, sir. He has been at farm-work, I
think. I see him when I go to Hillsboro', but he
never seems to be doing anything.
44 Question. Does he live in the town of Hillsboro' ?
44Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Lives without work?
44Answer, I do not know how much work he does.
I do not often go to Hillsboro', but my impressionis
that he does not do a great deal of work.
44 Question. You say that he has no occupation?
44Answer. Not that I know of.
" Question. Do you know Fletcher Freeland?
"Answer, Yes, sir.
44 Question. Where does he reside?
44Answer. At Durham, a station on the North Car-
olina railroad. •
" Question. What is his occupation?
44Answer. He is a merchant.
44 Question. Is he or not amember of the Ku Klux
organization, and a leader of one of the klans in
Orange county?
44Answer. I decline to answer.
" Question. Do you know Samuel Johnson?
44Answer. I do not know any such man. Though
my residence is in Orange county, I have not been
in the county a great deal. I have been there prob-
ably less than I have been at other points. I have
gone there to reside only since the war.
44 Question. Do you know William Minor?
44Answer. X have heard that name; I do not know
the man.
14 Question, Have you heard of him as a member
of the Ku Klux organization ?
"Answer, I decline to say.
" Question. Do you know John Durham ?
44 Anstoer, I know some Durhams, but I do not
know their Christian names.
Question. Where do they live?
"Answer. I think some of them live at White
Cross, about eight miles west of Chapel Hill.
Question. Do you know whether any persons of
the name of Durham are members of the Ku Klux
organization ?
|| Answer. I decline to answer.
44 Question. Have you met any of them in the coun-
cils or camps of the Ku Klux organization ?
|| Answer. I decline to answer.
t\ Question. Do you know William Workman?
-^nswer. I knew one man in my life of the name
of Workman; what his Christian name was I do not
know. Ihave not heard of him for years.
Question. Did he live in Orange county.
Answer. He did; I do not know whether he is
now living or not.
|| Question. Do you know any Robinson ?
Answer, I knew one man of the name of Robin-
son.
"Question, Where does he reside?
-Answer. The one I refer to lives on New Hope
creek, where the creek crosses the road from Hills-
boro'to Chapel Hill.
" Question. I have asked you whether you knew
Abraham Hedgepeth, and you say you do?
Answer, Yes, sir.
. Question. Have you, as the chief of the organ-
ization of White Brotherhood for the State of North
Carolina, ever issued to Abraham Hedgepeth or
given to him, any orders as a subordinate com-
mander m that organization ?
44 Answer. X decline to answer any of those Ques-
tions. <
44 Question. Are you, or are you not, the com-
mander-in-chief of the organization of the White
Brotherhood in the State of North Carolina?
Answer. I decline to answer all of those ques-
tions, tor^ the reason I have hitherto assigned.
Questwn, Do you know whether F. N. Strudwick
is a member of the organization in the State of North
Carolina t
Answer. I decline to answer that question.
K°a .thB clerk of the senate of
sion? lna LeSislature during its last ses-
"Answer. Yes, sir.
44 Question. How many members of that senate do
+K?Trno-trito have b.een.members of either branch of
the Ku Klux organization ?
Answer, I decline to answer that question. j
44 Question. Wereyouinformed by P. N. Strudwick,
or by any other member of the North Carolina Legis-
lature. or by anv member of the Ku Klux organiza-
tion, that he, ¥, N. Strudwick, was instructed to
present resolutions of impeachment in pursuance of
any agreement among the members ot the Ku Klux
organizxtion?
"Answer. No, sir.
" Question. Have you ever had any conversation
with any one on that subject ?
"Answer, No, sir.
"Question. Was the subject ever discussed in any
meeting of the Ku Kiux organization at which you
were present?
"Answer. I will say this, that so far as I remember
I cannot now recollect that I ever heard the sugges-
tion before.
" Question. I will repeat the question, and Idesire
an answer to it. Was the subject ever discussed in
any meeting of the Ku Klux organization at which
you were present ?
44 Anstoer, Well, sir, that forces me to decline to
answer the question, lor the same reason that I have
hitherto declined to answer such questions. Put it
in another shape, and I will have no hesitation in
answering the question, but in that shape I decline
to answer it.
"Question. Have you, as commander-in-chief of
either the Constitutional Union Guaros. the White
Brotherhood, or the Invisible Empire, issued orders,
or given verbal directions, to William Andrews, as
a subordinate commander in the Ku Klux organ-
ization ?
44 Answer. I decline to answer that question.
44 Question. Do you know John McCauley ?
"Answer. There is a family of McCauieys in the
county; and it strikes me I have known a man
named John McCauley, but I am not sure.
44 Question. Do you know him as a member of
either of the branches of theKu Klux organization ?
41 Answer. I decline to answer the question.
44 Question. Do you know A. P. Cates?
"Answer. I know some persons of the name of
Cates; but I cannot recollect any of that name.
"Question. Did or do you know him, or any mem-
ber ot* that family, as a member of the Ku Kiux
organization ?
4* Anstoer. I decline to answer.
44 Question. Do you know J. Cooley ?
41 Answer. I think I do.
|| Question. Where does he reside?
44 Answer. At Hillsboro'. I know a young man of
the name of Cooley, and I think his name is James;
I am not certain. If he is the one referred to, he is
a telegraph operator at the depot.
4' Question, Is he a member of the Ku Klux or-
ganization ?
44 Answer. I decline to answer.
44 Question. Is there any other man by the name of
Cooley than this one ?
14 Answer, Not that I know of. The only man of
the name of Cooley that I know is the telegraph
operator at Hillsboro'.
|| Question. Do you know J. Carmichael ?
Answer. I know a man of the name of . I do
not know what his name is. He is an old.man
residing in Hillsboro'; a tailor.
44 Question. Is he a member of the Ku Klux
organization ?
"^Answer. I decline to answer.
|| Question. Do you know Dr. Holt?
|| Answer. I know Dr. E. M. Holt.
|| Question. Where does he reside ?
14( Anstoer. In the northeastern part of the county.
Question. Have you met him as a member of the
Ku Klux organization, or of either of its branches?
Answer. I decline to say.
44 Question, Do you know whether he is a member
oftsuch an organization?
4| Answer. 1 decline to say.
^4' Question. When did you first learn of the institu-
tion, in the State of North Carolina, of any branch
ot the KuKlux organization?
^Answer, I decline to say.
4 Question. Have you any knowledge of when it
was first instituted in that State, or by whom it was
then instituted 7
"Answer. I decline to say.
Question. Have you been in communication with
the commanders of the Ku Klux organizations in
other counties than Orange county ?
11 Answer, I decline to answer.
c Question. Are there, in various counties of the
btate of North Carolina organizations popularly
known as Ku Klux organizations ?
j Anatoer. 1 decline to say.
Question, Is there a State organization control-
ling the subordinate organizations in the various
counties ?
Answer, I decline to answer that question.
Question, Have you any knowledge of who are
or who nave been the officers of the supreme or grand
council, or the governing power, whateverit maybe
called, of that organization in the State of North
Carolina?
"Anstoer. I decline to answer.
Question Is the purpose of that organization in
North Carolina a political one?
Answer, I decline to answer.
Question. Are you a member of any organization
which has for its object the overthrow of the recon-
struction measures of Congress or the nullification
ot the fourteenth and fifteenth articles of amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States?
Answer, I decline to answer any question touch-
ing those things.
4 Question. Have you any knowledge of the extent
xt a i?7 organization of that character in the State of
North Carolina?
