1818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
of the Post Office Department for the year
ending June 30, 1873, and had come to no
resolution thereon.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the House
do now adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, I move
that the time allowed for debate in the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the pending paragraph
iti the Post Office appropriation bill be extended
one hour.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
California [Mr. Sargext] withdrawhis motion
for the purpose of allowing the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] to move his?
Mr. SARGENT. I do not.
Mr. RANDALL. I think I have the privi-
lege of the floor. It was on my motion that
we came out of Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. That would not give the
gentleman the privilege of the floor. But when
the motion again comes before the House for
the House to resolve itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union for the
consideration of the pending bill, the Chuir
will recognize the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Randall] to make his motion at
the proper time.
The question being taken on the mgtion to
adjourn, it was agreed to.
And thereupon (at four o'clock and five
minutes, p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AMES : The petition of F. W. Lin-
coln and others, for an appropriation for the
improvement of Hingham harbor, Massachu-
setts.
By Mr. ARTHUR: The memorial of the
General Assembly of the Commonwealth of
Kentucky to the Congress of the United States,
to pass a law refunding to the people of the
cotton-growing States the amount of taxes
collected 011 cotton during the years 18G5, 18G6,
and 1867.
By Mr. BRAXTON : The petition of Wil-
liam B. Hand, of Southampton county, Vir-
ginia, asking to have his political disabilities
removed.
By Mr. COPURN: The remonstrance of cer-
tain citizens of Indianapolis, Indiana, work-
ingmen, against the passage of an act abolish-
ing duties on any articles produced in this
country, and warning the Representatives
against the Free Trade League of England.
By Mr. DCNNELL: The petition of C. P.
Dunbar and 24 others, of Minnesota, late of
the Union Army, asking an equalization of
bounties.
Also, the petition of Johu Shertree and 84
others, for the same object.
By Mr. GOODRICH: The petition of citi-
zens of Waverly, New York, that such dis-
criminating duties be levied on all imported
manufactures as will render substantial protec-
tion to labor.
Also, the petition of citizens of Owego,
New York, protesting against the reduction
of duties on foreign salt.
Also, the petition of citizens of Owego,
New York, that such discriminating duties be
levied on all imported manufactures as will
render substantial protection to labor.
AlsOi the petition of citizens of Waverly,
New York, protesting against the reduction
of duties on foreign salt.
By Mr. McCLKLLAND : The petition of J.
B. Shallenberger, William H. White, John H.
Veatch, and 39 others, honorably discharged
soldiers, citizens of Washington county, Penn-
sylvania, praying the passage of a law at an
early day making an equitable equalization
of the bounties of all soldiers, sailors, and
marines who served honorably and faithfully
during any period of the war.
By Mr. MOREY: The memorial of Wil-
son Williams, of Louisiana, praying an act
enabling him to sue in the Court of Claims.
By Mr. PERRY, of New York: The peti-
tion of stove manufacturers of Albany, New
York, asking the repeal of the duty on pig
if%n.
By Mr. SLOCUM: The petition of Albert
Daughty, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. STOUGHTON: The petition of
General F. W. Corteuius and 196 others, citi-
zens of Michigan and soldiers in the late war,
in favor of a law granting one hundred and
sixty acres of land to all honorably discharged
soldiers and sailors, and the heirs of those who
are dead, with the privilege of settling upon
the said land or of disposing of the same to
others for settlement.
Also, the petition of Captain Amos D. Allen
and 07 others, for the same purpose.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of
William B. Haynes and 137 others, citizens
of Ohio and late soldiers of the Army of the
United States, praying Congress to pass_ an
act giving to all soldiers, sailors, and marines
who had enlisted in the service of the United
States $8 83-} per month for the entire time
served, deducting all Government bounty here-
tofore paid.
Also, the petition of William Poland and
12 others, wholesale and retail grocers of
Chillicothe, Ohio, praying a moditication of
the tariff on imported sugars.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, March 20, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, I). D.
On motion of Mr. MORTON, and by unani-
mous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday's proceedings was dispensed with.
house bill referred.
The bill (II. R. No. 2025) for the relief of
Ruth A. Maxiner was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Pensions.
order ou business.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate this morning to take up the
bill (S. No. 539) authorizing the construction
of a railroad bridge across the Ohio river at
Evansville; and if it is taken up, I will then
give way for morning business. It is import-
ant to have the bill passed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. TheSenator from
Indiana asks unanimous consent to take up
the bill indicated by him, statiug that he will
then yield for morning business. Is there
objection?
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. I should like
to ask a question. 1 have a bill to report, from
the Committee on Patents that 1 desire to have
passed this morning, which will give rise to
no debate. I have to leave town to-morrow,
and the bill is for the renewal of a patent which
expires this week. It ought, therefore, if passed
at all, to be passed this week. As I have to
leave town, I should like to have that bill taken
up th>s morning, if possible.
Mr. MORTON. I desire, of course, to ac-
commodate the Senator from Connecticut.
Will the bill take much time?
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. No time at
all, I presume.
Mr. MORTON. If the bill to which I refer
is taken up I will give way to the Senator.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland I will ask
the honorable Senator to allow me also to call
up this morning a small bill reported by him-
self, which will not take two minutes, and will
give rise to no debate. It is House bill No.
284, for the relief of William P. Preston, of
Baltimore.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection to the proposition of the Senator
from Indiana, with the suggestions of these
two Senators with regard to taking up two
other bills if they should not give rise to de-
bate. The bill referred to by the Senator
from Indiana is before the Senate. The Chair
will state that by unanimous consent yester-
day from one to two o'clock to-day was as-
signed for remarks by the Senators from Illi-
nois and Wisconsin.
Mr. COLE. I should like to mortgage the
balance of the morning hour in favor of the
Australian mail bill, after the bill of the Sen-
ator from Indiana is disposed of.
Mr. SCOTT. I think I have a prior mort-
gage.
Mr. MORTON. Is my bill up?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is up, subject
to the morning business. The Senator from
California now asks that in addition to these
two bills the Australian mail bill be also taken
up. The Chair will endeavor to carry out the
order of the Senate in regard to these bills,
although it is quite difficult at times even to
get up one bill. As the Chair understands,
the Senator from California only gives notice
that he will desire the residue of the morning
hour for the bill indicated by him.
petitions and memorials.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented joint
resolutions of the Legislature of Virginia, ask-
ing Congress to refuse to reduce the present
rate of import duty on sumac or exempt it
from duty ; which were ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of Virginia, asking Congress to
amend the bankrupt act of the United States
in such manner as will allow persons taking
its benefits in Virginia an exemption equal in
amount to that allowed under the homestead
act of the State; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. COLE presented resolutions of the
Chamber of Commerce of San Francisco,
California, in favor of raising the diplomatic
representation at the Court of Yeddo to a
first-class mission ; which were referred to
the Committee on Foreign Relations, and
ordered to be printed.
He also presented the petition of William
Halley, publisher of the Home Journa'., of
Alameda county, California, asking that sec-
tion one hundred and sixty-two of the postal
code bill be so amended that persons known
as regular publishers and dealers in news-
papers and periodicals may receive by mail
such quantities of either as they may require in
bulk, whether wholly or in part printed, and
pay the postage thereon as received al the
same rates pro rata as regular subscribers to
publications weighing four ounces, who pay
quarterly in advance; winch was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I have a
petition from a large number of citizens of
Harper's Ferry, Jefferson county, West Vir-
ginia, praying for the passage of the bill (S.
No. 67) for the relief of the purchasers of lots
and houses, and lots sold by virtue of an act
of Congress entitled "An act providing for the
sale of the lands, tenements, and water priv-
ileges belonging to the United States at and
near Harpers Ferry, in the county of Jeffer-
son, West Virginia," approved December 15,
1808. I desire my colleague to be in his seat
when I present this petition, as I wish at the
same time to call up the bill. I have had the
petition ready to present for several mornings,
but he has not been in his seat at the time.
I therefore give notice that I shall ask for the
consideration of the petition and the bill to-
morrow morning.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of citi-
zens of the city of Red Wing, Minnesota,
asking authority to build a bridge across the
Mississippi river at that place ; which was
reterred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
.Mr. HOWE presented the petition of Den-
nis Crowley, praying relief from Congress on
account of injuries received while in charg#
