1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
21
"Answer. I decline to say whether I have or not.
"Question. Is it not within your knowledge that
the murder of prominent Republican politicians in
the county of Orange hag been decreed in the sub-
ordinate councils of the Ku Klux organization, and
that those decrees have been carried into effect?
"Answer. I decline to state whether I haye any
knowledge or not in reference to that.
"Question. Is it not within your knowledge that
the whipping of prominent Republican politicians
in the county of Orango has been decreed in the
subordinate organizations of theKu Klux Klan, and
that those decrees have been carried into effect for
the purpose of intimidating them and preventing
them from exercising fully their political rights?
" Answer. I decline to answer any question touch-
ing that matter.
"Question. Have you any knowledge of any or-
ganization in the State of North Carolina which has
interfered with the rightsof person or of property of
citizens, in pursuance of the purposes and decrees
of that organization?
" Answer. I decline to answer.
"Question. Has the existence of such organiza-
tions been communicated to you by persons who are
or have been members of such organizations ?
" Answer. I decline to answer.
" Question. Have you a knowledge of who are the
leading members of what is popularly called the
Ku Klux organization in the State of North Caro-
lina? If you have, give us their names.
"Answer. I decline to say whether I have any
such knowledge or not.
" Question. Do I understand you to say that you
decline to answer any and all questions that may be
put to you touching the existence, extent, purposes,
or members of what is popularly known as the Ku
Klux organization, or of any of its branches?
"Answer. Yes, sir; that is my purpose. I decline
to furnish any information whereby I can be affected
criminally under the laws of North Carolina, as
declared by the judges o f'.our supreme court."
The testimony of said witness, by question and
answer in full, is "hereto attached, and marked
"Exhibit No. 1."
The subpena by which said witness was com-
manded to appear and testify before saidjoint com-
mittee, at the time and place referred to therein,
together with certificate of service thereof, is hereto
attached,and marked "Exhibit No. 2."
The concurrent resolution of the two Houses of
Congress of April 7, 1871, authorizing the appoint-
ment of a joint select committee to inquire into the
condition of the late insurrectionary States, is hereto
attached, and marked "Exhibit No. 3."
It is the opinion of said joint select committee
that the questions put to said witness were proper
questions, necessary to make the investigation
ordered by said concurrent resolution of the two
Houses of Congress, and that said witness, by his
refusal to answer many of the questions put to him
by the chairman of said joint committee, is in con-
tempt of the Senate, as well as of the House of Rep-
resentatives, and merits to be dealt with for his
misconduct; and that the dignity of the Senate, as
well as of the HoUse of Representatives, requires
that the pretense upon which the witness based his
refusal to answer should not be recognized as valid.
The joint select committee therefore recommend
to the Senate the adoption of the following resolu-
tion, namely:
Whereas the two Houses of Congress did, by their
concurrent resolution, passed on the 7th day of
April, 1871, authorize and direct the appointment
ot a joint select committee for the performance of
certain duties, in said concurrent resolution speci-
fied, the said joint select committee to be composed
of members of the said two Houses; that is to say,
of seven members of the Senate and fourteen mem-
bers of the House of Representatives, which said
joint select committee was duly appointed as by said
concurrent resolution provided; and whereas, in the
discharge and performance of the duties so enjoined
upon them, the said joint select committee, on the
31st day of August, 1871, by subpena duly issued
and served, did summon and command a certain W.
L, Saunders, of Chapel Hill, North Carolina, to ap-
pear before said joint select committee and testify
touching the matters and thingswhich thesaid joint
select committee were authorized and required by
the concurrent resolution of the two Houses of Con-
gress to examine and inquire'into ; and whereas said
W. L. Saunders did, on the 23d day of September,
1871, appear before a sub-committee duly authorized
by said joint select committee of the two Houses of
Congress to take the testimony of witnesses then
present and awaiting examination, and having so
appeared and submitted to be examined as a wit-
ness, did refuse to answer proper inquiries put to
him in the course of the investigation by said sub-
committee, thereby showing himself in contempt of
the Senate of the United States, as well as the House
of Representatives; Therefore,
liesolved by the Senate of the United States, (the
House of Representatives concurring,) That W. L.
Saunders, of Chapel Hill, and State of North Caro-
lina, a witness heretofore duly summoned before a
joint select committee of the two Houses of Con-
gress, having been lawfully required to testify beforo
a sub-committee, duly authoTized by sa,id joint
sele'et committee to take his testimony, and having,
in the course of tho investigation, refused to answer
proper inquiries put to him by the chairman of said
joint committee, be forthwith arrested by the Ser-
geant-at-Arms of the Senate, and brought before the
Senate, at its bar, by the order of the Senate duly
issued by the Vice President, under his hand and
the seal of tho Senate; and that said Saunders be
detained, by virtue thereof, by the Sergeant-at-
Arms of the Senate until he answer for his contempt
of the order of the Senate in the matter aforesaid,
and abide such further order as may be made in the
premises.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What has been read
shows that the witness declined to answer
proper questions, and it will be for the Senate
to determine what action shall be taken. Be-
fore the subject passes from the consideration
of the Senate, as the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania has suggested tho propr.ety of concur-
rent action of both Houses, I will say a word.
I can only give a mere impression without
investigation, and I presume he has investi-
gated the matter, and is prepared to answer
more deliberately than I would be; but I think
that this would be a clear contempt of either
House, and that it would not be necessary to
have a concurrent resolution in order to bring
this witness to the bar of the Senate. I merely
make this suggestion as occurring to me, with-
out having reflected upon the matter. Doubt-
less the Senator from Pennsylvania has given
it more consideration, and will be prepared
to state at the proper time the reason why he
thinks it proper that we should have joint
action of both Houses in ordering the warrant
to issue. T merely throw out this for his con-
sideration. Doubtless he has thought of it,
however.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I agree with my friend
from Illinois that the law probably would war-
rant vis in undertaking to punish a contuma-
cious witness (if it is proper to punish a con-
tumacious witness at all, which is, perhaps,
doubtful) by an act of our own. There have
been instances in this body in which disobedi-
ence to the requirements of a joint committee
has been acted upon by this body alone. I
remember one instance occurring in the com-
mittee on retrenchment, when that existed—
I was then a member of that committee—where
a witness in the city of New York refused to
answer questions which the committee, under
the resolution creating it, was authorized to
ask him, and a warrant was thereupon issued
from this body alone, treating it as a contempt
of this body, and the witness was brought up
and answered the questions. But no point
was made upon it, and, therefore, of course,
it is not binding or an authoritative prece-
dent, although, from the little investigation I
then made of the subject, I had no doubt my
self, that inasmuch as the contempt of either
House is an offense against the dignity of the
body created, as the Constitution does create
it, separate and independent, there could be
no difficulty—and probably it would be much
the most philosophical treatment to take of
it—in treating a contempt of this character
as a several contempt of each of the Houses.
But I do not know that there is any objection
to concurrent action, after all.
Mr. SCOTT. That may be the conclusion
at which the Senate may eventually arrive
after discussing this question; but the ques-
tion has been made in the committee. The
case to which tho Senator from Vermont refers
not having been cited in the committee, and
perhaps not being within the knowledge of
any member of the committee, it was deemed
advisable, to obviate all question, that this
resolution should be made concurrent, vesting
the power in the President of the Senate to
bring the witness before the Senate. The
view which the Senator from Vermont, pre-
sents is undoubtedly theoretically correct,
that it is a contempt of either House. It is a
contempt of the House of Representatives as
well as a contempt of the Senate for a witness
to refuse to testify beforo a joint committee.
But if that be technically correct, then may
the Senate and may the House of Represent-
atives each proceed and each inflict its own
penalty upon the recusant or contumacious
witness?
We deemed it advisable, because this ques-
tion was made, to present it in this form to the
Senate, and I gave notice for that reason that
I would call up the resolutions to-morrow.
There may be other incidental questions aris-
ing in regard to the powers of joint commit-
tees, as well as of sub-committees, both to sum-
mon and to swear witnesses. I am not sure that
they will arise in this discussion, but they are
questions which have presented themselves
during the investigations of this joint commit-
tee, and which it may be necessary to consider
at this point. If not, it certainly will be at a
subsequent point, for I shall introduce a bill
on that subject.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The report will
be printed, and laid over until to-morrow or
some future time.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I move to take up
House bill No. 380.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina moves to proceed to the
consideration of a bill in regard to political
disabilities which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Disabilities at the last session of Con-
gress. The last clause of the fifty-second rule,
to be found on page 149 of the new edition of
the Digest, provides that—
"All subjects referred to committees, and not
reported upon at the close of a session of Congress,
shall be returned to the office of the Secretary of the
Senate, and be by him retained until the next suc-
ceeding session of that Congress, when they shall be
returned to the several committees to which they
had been previously referred."
It has been invariably the usage of the Sec-
retary of the Senate to retain such papers
during the recess, and at the succeeding ses-
sion until the committees are appointed. The
twenty-first joint rule of the two Houses
provides;
"After six days from the commencement of a sec-
ond orsubsequent session of Congress, all bills, reso-
lutions, or reports which originated in either House,
and at the close of tho next preceding session re-
mained undetermined in either House, shall be
resumed and acted on in the same manner as if an
adjournment had not taken place.*'
"After six days "—about the time when the
committees are appointed in the Senate.
The Senator from South Carolina moves to
proceed to the consideration of this bill, which
is in the condition indicated by these two rules.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I inquire whether it
would not be competent at any time, if the
committees were formed, to rescind a reso-
lution referring a bill and bring it before the
Senate ; or, in other words, I believe the par-
liamentary form of that motion is to discharge
a committee from the consideration of a • ib-
ject. That would bring a bill before the Sen-
ate. I suppose it would be competent for the
Senator from South Carolina, if the Chair
thinks such a motion necessary, to move to
discharge the committee from the consider-
ation of this bill, and in that way bring it
before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is in rather
an anomalous condition by the effect of these
two rules during the first six days of a second
or later session of a Congress. The construc-
tion of these rules has been debated hereto-
fore, and no definite conclusion arrived at by
the Senate. It passed away twice from the
consideration of the Senate, without final de-
cision, as the Chair thinks. There may have
been a final decision, which is not now in the
recollection of the Chair; but during the first
six days of a session the matter seems to have
remained in abeyance, except by unanimous
consent. The bill is not before the committee
to which it was referred at the lust session,
because the committee is not now in existence,
but is in the office of the Secretary of the
Senate, to be retained by him, the rale says,
'' until the next succeeding session of that
Congress, when it shall be returned to the
committee to which it had been previously
referred." That is the rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Would it not be within
the power of the Senate to bring the matter
before the Senate at any time by a vote of the
Senate ?
