18 n.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
361 r;
was referred to the Judiciary Committee and
brought this matter before the Senate. When
it was brought before the Senate, and the
Judiciary Committee reported, I offered the
amendment to the appropriation bill to carry
out what the Judiciary Committee believed to
be the law and to do an act of undoubted jus-
tine.
The Senator says the proper way is to pass
a law and bring these matters into the courts.
How are you goingto do that.? Suppose, when
the question whether our bonds should be paid
in gold or not was debated, we had declared
here that they should be paid in greenbacks,
and said " Let the courts decide it." Suppose
we say here that we will not pay this, we will
not make any appropriation, what can the
courts do 1 The courts cannot compel Con-
gress to makean appropriation. The Senator's
amendment is that we will not make an ap-
propriation. The courts cannot enforce it.
That does not raise an issue for the courts.
The courts cannot compel the Congress of the
United States to make an appropriation.
They cannot compel it to make an appropria-
tion to pay the salary of the President of the
United States or to pay the interest on the
bonds. It is a mere question of good faith on
the part of the Government.
Mr. STEVENSON. When a court of this
country has said that the Government owed a
certain amount of money, no instance can be
found where the legislative department of the
Government has failed to make an appropria-
tion.
Mr. STEWART. And I hope there never
will be an instance found, when there is no
question about the law, when it is a plain
statute, of Congress refusing to make an ap-
propriation to carry out the law, as in this
case. If there is anything wrong about the
Pacific railroads, if there is anything wrong
about their relations to the Government, pro-
ceed directly ; let us have time to discuss it;
make a direct report, and not say in an appro-
priation bill that no money shall be used for
this purpose and raise an issue for the Depart-
ment to decide any way they please. You do
not know how they are going to decide it, and
you do not know how their decision is going
to affect the stock market; how many mil-
lions are to be gained or lost by it. Let your
proceedings in a matter of this kind be direct,
and let it be understood what Congress is
driving at. You do not say in this amend-
ment that there is any interest due, but it' there
is any, then that this appropriation shall not
be used. It will put the whole matter in con-
fusion. It is not a direct, plain way of doing
things. The Committee on the Judiciary of
the Senate have held that there was no interest
due from the companies.
I do not wish to prolong this discussion. I
have not commenced the discussion of the
question if the amendment is to be proceeded
with. I should like to test the sense of the
Senate as to whether they will put this amend-
. ment, on the bill or not, whether they will
consider it, whether they want to discuss it;
and for that purpose I move to lay the amend-
ment on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
Mr. COLE. I hope the Senator will with-
draw that motion for a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Nevada moves to lay the amendment
on the table, which is not debatable.
Mr. S ITS WART. I will withdraw it if any
one desires to dtsenss it.
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly, I wish to
discuss it.
Mr. STEWART. I simply desire to ascer-
tain what amount of discussion is required on
this question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator withdraw the motion?
Mr. COLE. I wish the Senator would yield
to me for a few minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nevada moves to lay the amend-
ment on the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And on that question I
ask for the yeas and nays.
Mr. WEST. I rise to make a motion which
I think will probably meet the views of the
Senator from Nevada, and be acceptable to
the Senate. Owing to the arrangement that
has been made for business, the two succeed-
ing days being set apart by the unanimous
consent of the Senate for the discussion of
another matter, unless this bill passes to-night
it must go ovej- indefinitely. Therefore I shall
feel constrained to ask the attention of the
Senate to it now until it is passed. I there-
fore move now to apply the five-minutes rule
to debate upon it.
Mr. STEWART. I object to that.
Mr. WEST. I make the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is not in order pending a motion to lay the
amendment on the table. When that has been
decided, it will be in order.
Mr. WEST. I withdraw it for the present.
Mr. STEWART. Let us know whether we
are going to discuss this question or not.
Mr. COLE. I shall feel compelled to renew
the amendment in some other form in order
to say a few words upon it unless the Senator
will withdraw his motion for a few minutes at
present.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is not debatable.
Mr. COLE. I promise to confine myself to
a very few minutes.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Nevada declines to yield, and on
this question the yeas and nays are requested.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. VICKERS. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Nevada, [Mr.
Nye.] He would vote "yea," and I should
vote " nay."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Cameron, Clay ton,
Corbett, Fenton. Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan,
Frelinghuysen, Harlan, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Logan,
Morrill of Maine, Murton, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt,
Kamsey, Robertson, Sawyer, Seott, Stewart, Sumner,
Tipton, Trumbull, and West—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Casserly, Cole,
Cooper, Edmunds, Goldthwaite, Hamilton ol Texas,
Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Morrill of Vermont, Nor-
wood, Saulsbury, Schurz, Sherman, Stevenson, and
"Wright—18.
ABSENT — Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Chandler, Conk-
ling, Cragin, Davis ot Kentucky, Davis of West
Virginia, Perry of Michigan, Gilbert, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hainlin, Howe, Lewis, Nye, Osborn, Pat-
terson, Ransom, Eice, Spencer, Sprague, Stockton,
Tiiurman, Tickers, Wilson, and Wmdom—23.
So the amendment was laid upon the table.
Mr. WEST. I now renew the motion that
the debate on subsequent amendments to this
bill be confined to five minutes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COLE. I propose the following amend-
ment. After the word " dollars," iu line one
hundred and thirteen, to insert:
Provided, That no part of the money appropriated
by this act shall be paid to any railroad or other
company while in arrears to the Government of the
United States for interest paid upon bonds for said
company.
This amendment varies but very little from
the other, but sufficient to make it a new
amendment and allow me to say part of what
I was precluded from saying when the motion
was made to lay it upon the table.
This is the Army appropriation bill, and
we are paying under it money for the trans-
portation of the Army and the supplies of
soldiers. The item in immediate connection
with which this amendment, is offered appro-
priates $3,500,000 for these objects. As it
came from the House it was $4,000,000. It
was reduced $500,000 by the committee with
the belief that the Congress of the United
States would be willing to exact of the rail-
road companies the duty of transporting the
soldiers and their equipments, which would
amonnt in a year to five or six hundred thou-
sand dollars, in consideration of the great
favors that had been shown to these compa-
nies. _ It was thought they could not refuse to
do this much in view of the circumstances^'
under which they were constructed.
Mr. President, the Pacific Railroad Com-
panies were organized under laws passed by
Congress, the title of which I will read : "An
act to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from the Missouri river to
the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Gov-
ernment the use of the same for postal, mili-
tary, and other purposes." That was the
object for which the Government lent its aid
to the Pacific Railroad Companies, to secure
the use of those roads for military purposes,
and now we are doing the absurd thing of pay-
ing them for doing this little military service.
Mr. President, there is a wrong impression
abroad in Congress, and probably throughout
the country, in reference to these Pacific rail-
roads. They are in a proper sense the roads
of the Government: they were built with the
people's money, and the companies or indi-
viduals directing the work were and are
merely the agents of the people.
Mr. CAMERON. I rise to ask the Senator
from California to give way for a motion to
go into executive session.
Mr. COLE. Not at present.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
Mr. COLE. They were built, as I said,
with the people's money exclusively, and they
to-day belong to the people and not to the
men or individuals who are exercising control
over them. You will remember that the last
section of each law that was passed by Con-
gress contained a provision that Congress
should have the power at any time to alter,
amend, or repeal these laws. There was the
guarantee that Congress retained for itself in
order to hold control over its agents who were
so munificently dealt by in the construction
of these roads:
Notwithstanding these roads were built by
the people's money from beginning to end,
every foot of them; notwithstanding large
sums of money as surplus are in the hands of
the agents, which money has been accorded
them by the people in one way and another,
yet we are doing the ridiculous thing of paying
them for performing this little service which
the Government requires on these roads. We
are paying them for doing the very thing for
which they were built and for which the means
were furnished.
I feel very much restrained in my remarks
by the limitation of time; but I hope to be
able to avail myself of some other occasion
to express myself more fully upon this ques-
tion. I know that a different impression pre-
vails from that which rules in my mind in
regard to these companies, in regard to those
who are controlling these associations; but I
wish to impress upon the Senate to-day my
opinion that the real ownership of these roads
by all rights, legal and equitable, is in the
people of the United States.
Now we shall have to go back upon this bill
and add five or six hundred thousand dollars,
to come out of the people's money, for the pur-
pose of performing the service which we refuse
to exact of these railroad companies, or else
there will be a deficiency next year to that
amount. There is the absurd position iu which
we are placing ourselves. We are taking out
of the Treasury of the United States hard-
earned money of the people, that which you
exact from the poor as well as the rich, to
pay it over to these persons who have already
become overwealthy out of your Treasury.
There is no justice or propriety in that. We
ought not to be responsible for anything so
absurd as that appears to me to be, and I
hope we shall seek an early opportunity to
correct the error we seem to be falling into
to-day touching these powerful organizations.
