3612
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
Almost do they assume control over the Gov-
ernment, while the Government, ought to main-
tain its control over them, so far at least as its
own property and rights are concerned.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator's time has expired.
Mr. STEWART. I do not propose to dis-
cuss this matter, but I hold in ray hand the
proceedings of the meeting of the creditors of
Oakes Ames, by which it appears that a change
of policy on the part of the Government from
what it had pursued while he had his property
invested in the Pacific railroad last year, the
Secretary making a decision that took lum by
surprise, caused him to suspend. The figures
are here in the speeches of the different credit-
ors. In consideration of what had been done
by the Secretary of the Treasury, which was
unexpected, the payments having been made
regularly for six years, and coming suddenly
upon him, the creditors said, " We will give
him an extension. It is no fault of his; no
human foresight could have guarded against
it." They had before them the opinions of
the best attorneys in Boston, among them
Judge Curtis, to the effect that the law re-
quired that this money should be paid over
regularly, and that he had acted upon the faith
of the Government; that it was no fault of his
that he was in the situation he was. In con-
sideration of the opinion of Judge Curtis,
Judge Parker, and many other lawyers who
considered the matter, and in consideration of
the opinion of the Judiciary Committee of the
Senate, the Senate directed that this money
should be paid over as heretofore.
Here is another effort. Who will be the
victim? If this can go into the stock market;
if something of this kind can pass the Senate,
who will fail next? I do not know.
As I said before, if this property belongs
to the Government of the United States, if
the Government of the United States own
these roads, if there has been any failure on
the part of these contractors to proceed prop-
erly, let the world know 011 what grounds you
act; do not pioceed to repudiate a contract,
in the dark on an appropriation bill, or by
changing the rulings ol the Department injure
the credit of the Government. Do this, and
you will not only injure the credit of the Union
Pacific railroad, but you will injure the North-
ern Pacific, thy Atlantic and Pacific, the Texas
Pacific, and every other railroad. Men will
say. " If Congress passes a law at one session
and repeals it at the next; if Congress can dis-
regard these contracts and break this man and
that, man; if it is to be done without investi-
gation upon an appropriation bill, there is no
faith, 110 credit to be placed upon any of these
securities thatdepend upon acts of Congress "
But Congress has not yet repudiated its acts,
and Congiess has not yet indorsed any plan
of repudiation. If there is anything wrong
about any one of these railroads, investigate
directly and ascertain the wrong, but do not
refuse to make the appropriation that the
statutes require, do not proceed collaterally
to repudiate your contract, and shake confi-
dence 111 the securities of all who are interested
in railroads or other enterprises depending
upon acts of Congress.
Mr. COLE. I know the person to whom
the 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California has spoken five minutes
011 this amendment.
Mr. COLE. I ask unanimous consent to
say a word.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears 110 objection, and the Senator will pro-
ceed by unanimous consent.
Mr. COLE. 1 know very well the gentle-
man alluded to by the Senator from Nevada.
He is a most excellent gentleman, and I
esteem him very highly. I would be as loth to
do him an injury as any man in the world.
But, Mr. President, there are forty million
good people in the United States.
Mr. CASSERLY. I avail myself of the
present amendment to say a few words. I
voted awhile ago against the motion to lay the
previous amendment on the table. I did so,
believing, as I thought correctly, that the
object of the amendment was to allow the
Secretary of the Treasury to test the question
in the courts. I am always in favor of that;
I was last year when the Senate acted upon
the same subject; I am still. But although I
learn that I was somewhat in error as to the
character of the amendment, yet I do not
wish to apologize for the vote I gave. I
shall always vote against any attempt by
whomsoever made to suppress discussion upon
a question as important as the one involved
in the amendment advocated, if not proposed,
by the Senator from Kentucky.
The Senator from Nevada talks of passing
a measure without investigation affecting the
credit of the railroad companies. I think no
one desires to affect the credit of the railroad
companies merely with the object of hurting
them. But when the Senator talks about
doing a thing without investigation his memory
is very short. He was the Senator that, after a
discussion of less than thirty minutes the greater
portion of it occupied by himself, undertook
to forbid, and succeeded in forbidding, further
discussion by a motion to lay upon the table.
Why, sir, it seems to have come to this, that
while you may attack the Constitution, and dis-
cuss the President and discuss both Houses
of Congress with considerable fieedom here,
there is a sanctity about railroad companies
that makes it entirely proper the very moment
anything is said affecting them in any degree
to suppress further debate and dispose of the
whole subject by laying it on the table. I do
not know how long that sort of thing is to last
here ; but I have observed in the course of my
experience that when you undertake to invest
an idol of any particular character with such
extraordinary sanctity, very soon you naturally
and necessarily produce iconoclasts to reduce
your idol into powder.
There was no reason why that amendment
should not have been discussed. Fair discus-
sion would not hurt the railroads. It was an
amendment proposed from a most respectable
committee. The Senator from Kentucky in
what he said assailed not the railroad interests ;
he was, as far as lie could, standing for the
general interests of the country ; and I regret
that it seems to be impossible in this body to
discuss a measure of this magnitude, involving
millions of dollars to-day to the Treasury of
the United States, but what a motion to lay on
the table, and to put down and suppress all
proper discussion of the subject,is immediately
carried. Before a great while I believe it will
turn out that that is a false policy for the inter-
ests of the railroad companies. You cannot
always suppress discussion, and the more you
try to do it the more you awaken resistance,
the more you awaken inquiry, and the more
you arouse suspicion.
I voted for the report of the Judiciary Com-
mittee last year. I believed it to be right.
But I am always ready to vote for instructions
to the Secretary of the Treasury to test that
question in the courts; and if that injures the
railroad companies, then their affairs are worse
than their worst enemies have represented. I
do not care anything about, the proceedings of
the creditors of Mr. Ames. Of course when
a. man fails somebody besides himself is in
fault. Sometimes it is the weather, some-
times it is the crops; in this case it seems to
have been the Secretary of the Treasury, who
it appears was the particular mischief that
involved that gentleman in his troubles. I
i regret those troubles; but the idea of any
| Senator seriously offering here a statement of
I that kind as an argument strikes me as, to say
the least, a little novel. 1 trust that this will be
the last time when the discussion of so import-
ant a subject will be cut off by a motion to
lay upon the table.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness for a short time.
Mr. COLE. We can dispose of this bill in
a few minutes.
Mr. CAMERON. I prefer my motion now.
I shall occupy the Senate but a few moments
in executive session.
Mr. COLE. I do not think this bill will
take five minutes longer. 1 shall not ask for
the yeas and nays on my amendment.
Mr. CAMERON. If there will be no further
time consumed 011 the bill, I shall not insist
on my motion now.
Mr. SHERMAN. A remark made by the
honorable Senator from Nevada puts those
of us who voted against laying 011 the table
111 rather an awkward position. To bring the
affairs of a private individual here to deter our
voting as we think right is an unusual pro-
ceeding, and I think indelicate, to say the
least, at least to the gentleman named. I
think it is the interest of these railroad com-
panies to apply the whole of the freight due
to them from the United States upon the in-
terest paid by us. I think it is a very narrow
and very short-sighted policy in these railroad
companies to refuse to pay about one fifth of
the interest on these bonds. We have issued
bonds for the benefit of this railroad to the
amount of $64,000,000. We are paying an-
nually nearly four million dollars interest
on those bonds. The whole amount of the
freight that is due to these railroads is, as
we are informed by the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, about five
hundred thousand dollars a year. In other
words, we pay for them $4,000,000 on second-
mortgage bonds, and they reimburse us
$500,000 in currency on that debt. If these
railroads were unable to do without the
freight, if their financial condition were such
that they couid not dispense with it, if even it
would embarrass them to reimbuse the United
States to that extent, then I should certainly
vote against the proposition. But, Mr. Pres-
ident, it seems to me it is a very reasonable
and very moderate proposition for the United
States to ask that they should contribute this
sum of money by way of freights on the enorm-
ous sum that we are annually paying for
them; and just as sure as fate the United
States will either enforce its right as second
mortgagee to claim the whole ot this interest,
or it will insist on some fair reimbursement
by the way of freight or by the way of facilities
rendered to the Government of the United
States.
I doubt very much whether so important a
question as this ought to be added to an appro-
priation bill. It seems to me that the railroad
companies are acting against their own inter-
est—in their own light, 1 may say—in resisting
so moderate a demand as this. I have great
respect for the gentleman named by the Sen-
ator from Nevada, but he is only one of many.
While he probably was for a moment embar-
rassed by his large ownership in one of these
railroads, yet we know the fact that other gen-
tlemen who were building the other road, and
some who helped to build the Union Pacific,
are very largely the gainers, have made large
sums of money by their contracts with the
companies, and it seems to me that in the
interests of the Government of the United
Slates, and in the interests of these railroad
companies themselves, it is but right that the
freight which is earned by them from the
United States ought to be applied in liquida-
tion and reduction of the amount due from
them to the United States.
Mr. CAMERON. I gave way a few moments
ago in the expectation that a vote would be
taken immediately on the question pending
before the Senate.
Mr. STEWART. We can take a vote now.
Mr. CAMERON. I renew my motion, and
insist on it.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator from
