1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
of connecting the waters of the Mississippi river
with those of Lake Michigan by a ship-canal for
military, naval, and commercial purposes, and that
said committee have leave to report by bill or other-
wise.
CUBAN AFFAIRS.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President be requested to trans-
mit to this House, if not inconsistent with public
interest?, copies of the instructions to the naval
commanders of the United States in Cuban waters
for the protection of the lives and property of Amer-
ican citizens, and to maintain the dignity of the
American flag; and also such other information as
may be in possession of the Government, not hitherto
communicated to this House, relating to the recent
execution of medical students for alleged insult to
the memory of a deceased Spaniard; and also with
relation to the failure of the Spanish Government
to curry out in its West Indian colonies the reforms
voluntarily promised by statesmen of Spain.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the regular
order of business.
Mr. CONGER. I hope the gentleman will
allow me to change the reference of a bill.
Mr. McEENRY. I trust the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will allow me to introduce
a resolution.
Mr. RANDALL. Very well; I withdraw
my demand altogether.
Mr. McHENRY obtained the floor.
PRESERVATION OF PUBLIC ARCHIVES.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentlemen on the
opposite side will allow me to present a reso-
lution asking the Secretary of State, in view
of an event which occurred last evening, if any
further action of Congress is necessary for
the immediate temporary preservation of the
archives and public records of the Govern-
ment in the State Department.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will recognize
the gentleman from Massachusetts for that
purpose when the pending business is dis-
posed of.
GENERAL DON CARLOS BUELL.
Mx-. McHENRY, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be, and is
hereby, directed to furnish this House with a copy
of the proceedings of the military commission insti-
tuted by the War Department in the year 1862, to
inquire into the military operations and conduct of
Major General Don Carlos Buell, including all let-
ters, dispatches, opinions, and orders on file in that
Department relative thereto.
LIFE-PRESERVING STATIONS.
Mr. BUPFINTON, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 461) authoriz-
ing the construction of life-preserving stations
on the coast of Cape Cod ; which was read a
first and second time, referrred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
CHANGE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. CONGER, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Appropriations
were discharged from the further consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 2) making an appro-
priation for a Government building, to beused
for a custom-house, post office, and bonded
warehouse, at Port Huron, in the State of
Michigan; and the same was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
CIVIL SERVICE.
Mr. WILLARD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 462) to regulate the
manner of making appointments in the civil
service of the United States; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the select
Committee on the Reorganization of the Civil
Service of the Government, and ordered to be
printed.
TAXES ON DISTILLED SPIRITS AND TOBACCO.
Mr. ARTHUR, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 463) to amend
sections sixty-one and sixty-three of an act
entitled "An act imposing taxes on distilled
spirits and tobacco, and for other purposes."
approved July 20, 1868; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
HERMAN RASTER.
Mr. FARWELL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 464) for the re-
lief of Hermann Raster, collector of the first
district of Illinois; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
SUFFERERS BY THE CHICAGO FIRE.
Mr. FARWELL also, by unanimous eon-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 465) for
the relief of certain sufferers by the Chicago
fire ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
LIEUTENANT COLONEL FRANK LYNCH.
Mr. UPSON, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 468) for the relief of
Lieutenant Colonel Frank Lynch; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
PENSIONS FOR WAR OF 1812.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 467) to amend an
act granting pensions to soldiers and sailors
of the war of 1812, and granting pensions to
these who served thirty days in said war;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Pensions and War of 1812.
RIGHT OF SUFFRAGE.
Mr. KELLOGG also, byunanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 466) to amend an
act entitled "An act to enforce the right of
the citizens of the United States to vote in the
several States, and for other purposes;" which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
DULUTH AND ST. PAUL.
Mr. AVERILL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 469) to establish
the collection district of Duluth, and to create
St. Paul, in the collection district of Minne-
sota, a port of delivery; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS IN DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. CHIPMAN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 473) to grant
twenty-five hundred thousand acres of the
public lands for the benefit of public schools in
the District of Columbia; "which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
Mr. TAFFE. I think this bill should be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I prefer that it shall be
first considered by the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Mr. TAFFE. I am not a member of the
Committee on Public Lands, but I suggest that
it is the proper committee to consider this bill.
Mr. PERCE. It properly belongs to the
Committee on Education and Labor.
Mr. TAFFE. That committee has nothing
to do with the disposition of the public lands.
The SPEAKER. The bill has already been
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. TAFFE. 1 move to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was so referred.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. TAFFE. I now move that the bill be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INTERNATIONAL COPYRIGHT.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 470) for securing to
authors in certain cases the benefit of inter-
national copyright, advancingthe development
of American literature, ana promoting the
interests of publishers and book-buyers in the
United States; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and re-
ferred to the Committee on the Library.
NORTH CAROLINA.
Mr. WADDELL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution, and to
have it referred to the joint committee on
alleged outrages in the late insurrectionary
States;
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be reauested to communicate to this House all in-
formation in his possession in regard to the invasion
of North Carolina by a part of the United States
forces stationed in the adjoining State of South
Carolina, and the arrest, abduction, and imprison-
ment in the latter State of Allen Bettis and other
citizens of Nortb Carolina; and also whether, if
such a crime has been committed, the perpetrators
thereof have been arrested or punished.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
to the reception of the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the resolution is not before the House.
TUSCUMBIA, ALABAMA.
Mr. SLOSS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 471) to vest the title
to commons and streets iu the city of Tuscum-
bia, in the State of Alabama, in the corporate
authorities of said city ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
JAMES BBLGER
Mr. KETCHAM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 472) for the relief
of James Belger ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
COMMITTEE CLERKS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have been
instructed by the Committee on Appropria-
tions to offer the following resolution for con-
sideration at this time:
Resolved, That the committee on the reorgan-
ization of the civil service of the Government be
directed to report to tlie House, at as early a day as
possible, a bill to provide by law what standing
committees ot the House shall be authorized to em-
ploy clerks, and to fixthes.ilaries of such committee
clerks as are not now fixed by law.
The resolution was agreed to.
COMMITTEE ON CIVIL SERVICE.
The SPEAKER announced the following
as members of the select committee, ordered
by a resolution of the House adopted on yester-
day, to consider the subject of a reorgan-
ization of the civil service of the Government:
Committee on Cicil Service—William D.
Kelley of Pennsylvania, Samuel Hooper of
Massachusetts, Omar D. Conger of Michigan,
John Lynch of Maine, Aaron F. Perry of Ohio,
Charles W. Willard of Vermont, Fernando
Wood of New York, Samuel S. Marshall of
Illinois, and William S. Holman of Indiana.
PRESERVATION 01' PUBLIC ARCHIVES.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to;
Jiesolred. That the Secretary of State berequested
to inform this House if any further action is neces-
sary by Congress to secure the immediate tempera ry
preservation of the archives or public records now
in the State Department.
RECONSIDERATION OF REFERENCES.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to recon-
sider the various votes by which bills, resolu-
tions, &c., have this day been referred or re-
committed ; and also move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DRAWING FOR SEATS.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I call for the
regular order.
