1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8613
Pennsylvania to withdraw his motion for a
moment while I make a suggestion to him.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well; I will listen
to the suggestion.
Mr. CONKLING. I make this suggestion.
I understand 
Mr. EDMUNDS. Ifthe motion is not with-
drawn, I insist that there shall be no debate.
We lose more time in discussing what we will
do than we ever gain.
Mr. CONKLING. My friend forgets that I
asked the Senator from Pennsylvania to with-
draw his motion, which he has done.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He tells me that he has
not withdrawn it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Pennsylvania withdraw his mo-
tion ?
Mr. CAMERON. I had not done so; but
I do now, of course. I want to say, however,
that I do so with the understanding that the
moment the Senator from New York sits down
I shall renew the motion.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object to all under-
standings.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I will renew the
motion at the Senator's suggestion, and that
will save all the point. I tried to make a sug-
gestion, which I could have done in part of a
minute. The Senator from Pennsylvania wishes
an executive session for some brief purpose, I
infer. If we go into executive session now at
three o'clock, it is not likely that afterward
we shall return to legislative business to-day.
Therefore, I was going to appeal to the Sen-
ator to allow us to see whether we cannot dis
pose of this bill in a few minutes, Monday
being fixed by the order of the Senate for other
business. My appeal to the Senator was to be
that, retaining the right to move an executive
session at any moment, he try the sense of the
Senate for a few minutes, and see whether we
cannot dispose of this bill.
Now, under my promise, I am compelled to
renew the motion, unless the Senator releases
me, to go into executive session ; but in doing
so I express the hope that the Senator will
allow the renewal of the motion to wait for a
few minutes and see whether we cannot dispose
of this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from New York moves that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business, which motion is not debatable.
Mr. HARLAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. MORTON. I should like indulgence
to make a single remark.
Mr. CAMERON. I will make this promise
to the Senator; I shall not occupy more than
ten or fifteen minutes in executive session, but
I desire an executive session.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr-. MORTON. 1 was about to say that the
business for which it is important to go into
executive session will not take five minutes.
The doors can then he thrown open and the
consideration of this bill resumed. I think
the motion of the Senator ought to prevail.
Mr. WEST. What is the question before
the Senate?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment offered by the
Senator fiom California, [Mr. Cole.]
Mr.. CONKLING. On that amendment I
beg to say this in answer to the Senator from
Indiana: he has now fixed five minutes as
the length of the executive session he desires.
I would like to know what the object is in clear-
ing the galleries and having that session now,
at just five minutes after three, when in all
probability we can dispose of this bill in ten
minutes ?
Mr. COLE. In five minutes.
Mr. POMEROY. Let us vote.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. STEVENSON. I offer an amendment
as a new section which I send to the desk to
be read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Sec. —. That the Secretary of the Treasury shall
be, and is hereby, empowered to institute a suit in
the United States circuit, court for the district of
California against the Pacific Railroad Companies
for all moneys due for interest on the part of the
United States, and to obtain judgment 
Mr. STEWART. That will do. That is
manifestly out of order. Jt is legislation.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. In the opin-
ion of the Chair, the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Kentucky is not in order.
Mr. LOGAN. I wish to offer an amend-
ment in line two hundred and fifteen; after
the words "Secretary of War" to insert "two
general officers and three officers of the line,
one to be taken from the cavalry, and one from
the infantry, and one from the artillery."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That is an
amendment to an amendment already adopted
and is not in order now, but it will be in order
when the bill comes into the Senate.
Mr. LOGAN. The amendment having been
adopted ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment has been adopted. The Senator can
move to agree to it in the Senate with the
amendment he proposes.
Mr. LOGAN. I beg pardon. When we
came to that part of the bill I was going to
offer an amendment, but the Senate went back
to page 6 to allow the Senator from Kentucky
to offer an amendment. This amendment has
not been adopted.
Mr. WES1'. The Senator from Illinois is
mistaken. The amendment reported by the
Committee on Appropriations was adopted in
Committee of the Whole. He can offer his
amendment in the Senate when the bill is re-
ported to the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator can move his amendment when the bill
comes into the Senate. The amendment which
the Senator from Kentucky moved was to the
bill, not to an amendment already adopted.
The amendment of the Senator from Illinois
would have been out of order then as well as
now.
Mr. STEVENSON. May I ask upon what
ground the amendment I offered was out of
order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Because it
was a legislative provision.
Mr. STEVENSON. You have put on this
bill a legislative provision authorizing the Sec-
retary of War to sell clothing. This is only
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to
get a construction of a certain act. If one is
in order, it seems to me the other is.
The VICE PRESIDENT; On the amend-
ment known as section three no point of order
was made.
Mr. STEVENSON. I thought there was a
point of order raised on that section.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state the distinction to the Senator from Ken-
tucky. The third section is a provision that the
Secretary of War may sell surplus clothing on
hand in excess of the supply required for the
Army; aiid this bill appropriates money for
clothing for the Army. The proposition of
the Senator from Kentucky was that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury should have authority
to commence a suit against a railroad com-
pany in California, which might probably be
a very excellent provision for an independent
bill, but the Chair thinks it would not be in
order under the restrictive rule, which states
that legislative provisions other than such as
directly relate to the appropriations-contained
in the bill shall not be received.
Mr. STEVENSON. I only want to suggest
to the Chair that this bill appropriates money
to a railroad company, and this identical rail-
road company, for the transportation of stores
and munitions of war and other things belong-
ing to the United States. Now, before the
Secretary of the Treasury is allowed to pay
that money, is it not in order to amend this
bill so that there can be a judicial construction
of the act under which it is done?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks,
if that were in order, it would be very difficult
to limit amendments to appropriation bills, as
the Committee on Appropriations desired to
have them limited by this restrictive rule. For
instance, when the sundry civil appropriation
bill is before the Senate, containing provisions
making appropriations for the custom-house
service in New York, if the suggestion of the
Senator be correct, the bill of the Senator from
New York, [Mr. Fenton,] revising and re-
organizing the entire custom-house system of
the United States,might be moved as an amend-
ment, because it had some kind of relation to
something in the bill. But this rule states that
it must "directly relate" to an appropriation
contained in the bill. There is no diiect appro-
priation to any particular railroad in this bill.
There is an appropriation for the general ex-
penses of the Army ; and the Chair thinks, in
conformity to what the ruling was at the open-
ing of this day's session upon an amendment
reported by the committee on the sixth page
of the bill, this is not in order. Besides, the
Senate themselves decided on the 1st of May
on the naval appropriation bill, two days after
the restrictive rule was adopted, all Senators
apparently concurring in the decision, that this
restrictive rule inhibited propositions except
those bearing on appropriations in the bill for
that fiscal year for which the appropriation bill
contains appropiialtons, and prohibited inde-
pendent legislation of another character. That
was assented to by the Senate ; but the Chair
will not read the text of the discussion. The
Chair is informed that there was no point of
order raised on the third section, to which the
Senator from Kentucky alluded.
Mr. CASSERLY. I desire to say, as to the
discussion which took place on the amend-
ment of the Senator from New Jersey to the
naval appropriation bill, that the record m the
Globe alluded to by the Chair is certainly a
mistake. What the Senate could be said to
have concurred in I think was the contrary
suggestion made by myself, namely, that it
never could have been the intention of that
rule to forbid an amendment merely on tlie
ground that it increased an appropriation,
because if that were so, then it v/ould not be in
the power of the Senate to add to the appro-
priations as they came from the House ; and
I fear it will be found that the series of decis-
ions already made will have this result: that
the power of the Senate will be so limited over
appropriation bills that practically we shall
come to be like the House of Lords is to the
Houseof Commons in regard to appropriation
bills; we shall have to take the sums in the
bills as the House of Representatives send
them to us.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California has certainly misunderstood
the Chair in the remarks he. has made, for he
did not touch the question whether the appro-
priations in the bill could be increased or
decreased. He certainly must have been sin-
gularly lacking in the clearness of his expres-
sion if the Senator from California construed
him correctly. He said nothing at all on the
question whether appropriations could be in-
creased, decreased, or limited ; he touched
entirely a different subject; and the speech of
the Senator from Cahtormawhich he made on
that occasion was not made until after the
ruling ot the Chair had been acquiesced in for
ten or fifteen minutes, when the Senator did
make some supplemental remarks.
Mr. CASSEKLY. 1 did not mean to criti-
cise anything decided by the Chair. I simply
meant to criticise the statement in the Globe,
which I do not regard as correct. It is not
correct according to my recollection.
Mr. STEVENSON. I understood the Chair
to rule that the latter part of the section, begin-
