1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1821
of not less.than forty feet above the highest
water." That is the material provision. I
leave that in, but I propose to strike out that
part which says it shall be one hundred feet
above low water. That is wholly unnecessary,
and may become oppressive and even prevent
the building of a bridge, because it may hap-
pen, from the breadth of the channel of the
river at that point, that the difference between
the high water and low water might not be
over twenty-five feet, and this company would
be obliged to build a bridge seventy-five feet
above high water, perhaps, a thing they could
not do.
Mr. KA.MSEY. I suggest to the Senator
that almost all the bridge bills authorizing
bridges over western rivers require an eleva-
tion of fifty feet, and not forty feet, above high
water. This is but forty feet, while almost in-
variably the requirement has been fifty feet; I
do not know an exception. I suppose that is
■ graduated to the height of the chimneys on
their steamers.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest to the Senator
that that is a subsequent question, not arising
on the ciause which I move to strike out. The
proposition I now make is to strike out the
provision in regard to one hundred feet above
low water. Tfiat would, perhaps, prevent a
bridge being built at Bvansville, because the
river is very wide there and the banksjow,
and the water is not so high as it is at other
places.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I am sorry
that the Senator from Indiana proposes to
amend this bill at all. As I understand, the
amendment now reported is one prepared care--
fully at the War Department with the assent
of the engineers, and it is intended to regu-
late the construction of bridges below from
the mouth of tiie Big Sandy to the mouth of
the Ohio river, a distance of seven hundred
miles. It is consequently a bill of very great
importance. Thisamendment raises the iden-
tical question that gave rise to the trouble in
Cincinnati, where we were compelled, in the
interest of commerce, to require the company,
after they gained what they claimed to be a
vested right, to raise their bridge from seventy
to one hundred feet. A suit probably is now
depending to endeavor to throw upon the Uni-
ted States the cost of that change. A change
was absolutely demanded by the interests of
the whole people of that region. The Senate
will all remember the struggle we had over
that matter. Now, with this provision stricken
out this bill will give rise to the same contro-
versy ; it will enable a rival company to build
a bridge in Cincinnati precisely in conformity
to the bridge we have declared to be a public
nuisance by our action.
I think the Senator ought to be careful.
If you strike out this limitation of one hun-
dred feet abo\e low-water mailt, then any
company may build a bridge across the Ohio
river at any place below the mouth of the
Big Sandy, a distance of seven hundred miles,
only seventy feet above low-water mark, and
it is admitted lhat in some places on the Ohio
river that will create a practical balk and
prevention of navigation at certain stages of
the water. The Senator from Indiana had
better let this stand as the War Department
prepared it.
'i here is a clause, I will say to the Senator
from Indiana, in the bill providing thatwhere
the requirements of the bili ate impracticable,
aid it shali be so decided by the boaid ot
engineers, the bna dot engmeeis may make
the pioper chatlge^ m that particular locality
after a report sn.ill have been mule and alter
an exainnui'ion shall have been had. It seems
to me that that clause is sufficient to provide
for any peculiar circumstances at Evausville.
I am not, for one, prepared to vote for an
amendment, of this bill which may enable a
railroad company, perhaps not in this partic-
ular location but in some other location, to
block up the navigation of the Ohio river and
renew the controversy we had here a year ago.
Mr. MORTON. Either my friend from Ohio
does not understand this bill or I do not. The
question of importance is not how high this
bridge shall be above low-water mark, but how
high it shall be above high water. The diffi-
culty in the ease of Cincinnati was that the
height required by the original act did not
raise the bridge to a sufficient height above
high water, what was known to be high-water
mark. This bill contains a provision that ii
shall not be less than forty feet above high-
water mark. Where is the importance of say-
ing it shall be one hundred feet above low
water? There is no difficulty about passing a
bride at low water if it is only fifty feet. That
is not the point. The question is as to the
high-water mark. By requning a bridge to be
one hundred feet above low water at a point
where the river is very wide and the banks are
low, you might put it out of the power of the
company to build the bridge, for there it would
make it more than the requisite height above
the high-water mark. Now, the navigation of
the river is guarded by requiring a bridge to be
of a sufficient height above high-water mark;
and therefoie to prevent this embarrassment
this clause is not necessary; it can give no
security whatever to navigation. I propose that
it shall be stricken out. If the other provision
in regard to the height above high water is not
satisfactory, amend it, but let this provision be
stricken out that can be ot* no possible service,
but mav be an absolute detriment.
Mr. POMEROY. I apprehend the difficulty
in this bill is the same difficulty that we have
had once or twice before. It is trying by a
general law to provide for every case up and
down a river, when each case should be con-
sidered by itself. When we pass laws to build
bridges on the Missouri river each case is con-
sidered by itself, and there is an act providing
for bridging the river at that particular place,
because the banks and bluffs and approaches
are different at different places. Now, sup-
pose you had a general law made applicable
to every point up and down that river that
every bridge should be so high. If it has got
in every place to be so high, it would be in
some places entirely unnecessary; in some
places it would prevent the bridging of the
river at all, and in other places the bridges
might be built under the law so as to destroy
the navigation. I do not know anything ot
this particular measure. I see that it destroys
one bridge that has already been granted by
act of Congress. What I object to is what I
have always objected to for years and years,
and that is a general law applying to every
case. The Cincinnati case should be consid-
ered by itself ; all the conditions of the coun-
try and the approaches should be considered ;
and so you should consider each separate case.
I think it a dangerous thing.to pass a general
law that shall be applicable to every point 011
the river.
Mr. CALDWELL. I agree with the Sen-
ator from Indiana that the important part lor
this bill to guard is to get the proper height
above high-water mark. I do not think it
makes much difference as to the height above
low-water mark. We have a bridge across
the Missouri river at Leavenworth, a bridge
that 1 took a good deal of interest in mvselt,
and the act authorizing that bridgeprovides
I th:-t it shall be fifty ieet above hia;h water
f mark. That, is supposed to be sufficiently
! high to permit all steamboats to pass under it
| without interfering with their chimneys; and
; I presume that is what we wanted to get at.
' Piob.tbly at. some point of the liver where the
I river is very wide it would not be necessary
to have the" bridge so high above low-water
I mark, but what we wanted was to fix the
proper height above high-water mark ; and that
is what I understood the Senator from Indiana
proposes to do now.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir, and to strike out
the other part which would be an absolute
obstruction to the building of the bridge as it
stands.
Mr. CALDWELL. If you get the bridge ■
sufficiently high to allow steamboats to pasfl
under it without obstruction to navigation,
that is all that is necessary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the amendment to the amendment, offered
by the Senator from Indiana, to strike out the
clause which provides that the bridge shall be
one hundred feet above low-water mark.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to defeat
the Evansville bridge at all; I know that my
friend from Indiana is sensitive about it; but
we have had struggles enough on this subject,
and the public interests have been so much
affected by building bridges already made on
the Ohio river, that he and I both ought to
guard the interests of the public, not merely
to secure a railroad bridge at this place. I
have no objection to that.
The amendment of the committee was pre-
pared by the engineer department, as I under-
stand. I am perfectly willing, if the engineers
say in this particular case it will not impede
the navigation of the river to lower the bridge,
that, that shall be done. There is a provision
in the bill which provides for the very case,
that where the restrictions of the bill cannot
be complied with without preventing the erec-
tion of the. bridge, then, on the report of the
engineer department, the Secretary of War
may modify them m such particulars adapted
to the location as will enable the bridge to be
built without doing damage to the navigation.
The Senator from Indiana and I are equally
interested in the navigation of the Ohio river.
I11 all the bills for bridges below the mouth of
the Big Sandy heretofore erected, including the
two at Cincinnati, each of which cost over a
million dollars, the companies have been com-
pelled to erect bridges one hundred feet above
low-water mark, and Congress was required
by the sentiment of the whole section of coun-
try there to compel a railroad company that
had erected a bridge to raise it thirty feet, and
the Senator from Indiana joined with me in
compelling the company to do it. They are
now seeking redress from the Government of
the United States because we changed the law
in that particular.
It seems to me that neither the Senator nor
any Representative of any of these western
States ought to favor a law general in its
character that will enable any railroad com-
pany to erect any number of bridges for a dis-
tance of seven hundred miles along the river
merely to suit the particular location at Evans-
ville. The bill as reported is so carefully
framed and carefully guarded, that if there are
any peculiar circumstances at this particular
location that disable them from complying
with the general provisions of the law, it points
out a mode by which, after proper examina-
tion, the Secretary of War may dispense with
those requirements in particular eases. It
seems t.o me the bill has been carefully framed
with that view. Otherwise this matter ought
to be referred to the War Department, orlf
the Senator can show that the provisions of the
bill ought not to apply to Evansville, then
there ought to b.ean express section p-oviding
that iu tne case of that particular biidge the
requirements of the law should not beenlorced.
Mr. UAMSEY I should like to ask the
Senator from Indiana what the greatest use
of water is at this point?
Mr MORTON. I do not know what the
greatest rise of water is; but at that point, if
the Senator was ever there, he knows the river
is very wide and the banks aie comparatively
!°Mr RAMSEY. 'Will the Senator inform
me why it is that this br.dge has been reduced
from fifty to forty feet? ......
Mr. MORTON. I will explain that after
