1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2717
priations and Ways and Means, from the dis-
agreement to which the Senate recede, and it
ig amended by asking a messenger for the
Committee on Appropriations of the Senate,
which is rendered necessary by the continued
increase of the business of that committee
and the want of some regular messenger,
which we have felt very seriously.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Lest a wrong
impression should be taken from the words of
the Senator from California, I will say that the
Speaker of the House has always had this pri-
vate clerk, but in the form of a messenger,
and he has been paid out of the contingent
fund. Instead of that this merely allows it
in the proper form and under tlie designation
of a clerk.
Mr. COLE. The explanation made by my
colleague on the conference committee, the
Senator from Vermont, is a very proper one
to make. I am very glad he thought of it
and made the explanation to the Senate.
The thirteenth amendment reduces the ap-
propriation for furniture for the House from
$17,000 to $10,000, which it is believed, on
further inquiry, will be found sufficient for the
next fiscal year.
The compensation of the foremen of print-
ing and binding in the office of the Congres-
sional Printer was increased. That is a case
of an increase of salary from $1,800 to $2,100.
Then there were some watchmen providsd
for public squares and circles under the charge
of Congress in the upper portion of the city,
the necessity for the care of which was appa-
rent to many members of Congress ; so the
Senate yielded, and they are provided for.
The twenty-seventh and the twenty• eighth
amendments were relative to putting in, in the
same language as it occurred in the appropri-
ation bill last year, provision for extra com-
pensation to clerks m the Treasury. The bill
provided such compensation, amounting to
$22,500; and without changing the phrase-
ology we allow the same amount as allowed
this year. The amendment of the Senate
changed the phraseology to meet, if possible,
the case of the Register, which will be recol-
lected by referring to the debate in the Senate
on that point.
The twenty-ninth, thirtieth, and thirty-first
amendments, from which the Senate recede,
relate to the additional clerical force in the
office of the Commissioner of Customs.
The thirty-third amendment, in regard to
which the House recede, relates to the addi-
tional compensation alleged to be in the
of earnings to the Register of the Treasury.
The House receded from their clause and that
provision is stricken out of the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. How is it fixed now?
Mr. COLE. I will come to that presently.
The next amendment, the thirty-fourth,
authorized the Secretary of the Treasury to
employ not exceeding three persons to assist
the regular officers in collecting taxes and
dues which are withheld from the Treasury.
The thirty-fifth amendment authorized the
amount of $50,000 for the purchase of sta-
tionery for the Treasury Department.
The thirty-sixth amendment allows $25,000
instead of $50,000 tor furniture in the Treasury
Department, the presumption being that that
Department in these last years has been pretty
well furnished, so that they can get along next
year with half the sum that was found in the
original bill.
The next, relates to the subject of fuel for
the same Department, which, of course, is
allowed in accordance with the estimates.
The next four or five amendments merely
detail the force in the independent Treasury
at Boston, New York, Philadelphia, and St.
Louis, prescribing the amount of compensation
that is to be afforded to each of the persons
employed in these several establishments, and
is merely giving in detail the items of appfo-
priauon. without increasing the amount in
either case.
There are some other amendments of minor
importance relating to watchmen at the mint
in New Orleans, and one relating to the de-
pository at Tucson, which I need not go into.
Next comes the compensation for designated
depositaries, of $5,000. which not having been
allowed for several years was stricken out by
the conference committee.
An appropriation of $20,000 for the mileage
and expenses of the Legislature of Arizona
Territory was allowed with a proviso that the
contingent expenses should not exceed $400.
The sixtieth amendment- relates to the ap-
propriation for the Interior Department, but
does not change the total amount.
The next amendment relates to a captain of
the watch of the Interior Department being
allowed, but the total amount is not increased
for that Department.
1 skip over the amendment in relation to
packing-boxes in the Interior Department,
and the item for fitting up rooms and rent
for the Pension Office, which is increased by
about two thousaud dollars in order to meet
the extraordinary emergency of changing their
business in part from the Patent Office build-
ing to the Seaton House.
For casual repairs of the Interior Depart-
ment building the sum is reduced from
$15,000 to $10,000.
The item for contingencies of the Land
Office is reduced to $20,000 from $30,000,
as it was in the bill. Then forty additional
clerks for the Land Office were allowed by
the conference committee, that clause having
been put in by the House after the bill went
back to that body, and after the Senate had
acted upon it. It has been represented as
very essential, and the committee reeommeud
that the Senate recede upon that point.
Some little changes were made in reference
to the assistant examiners in the Patent Office,
but no change in the amount of the appropri-
ation for that department follows. There are
some changes in the phraseology of the act.
Under the head of the Bureau of Educa-
tion, the Senate amendment was agreed to, the
House receding from its disagreement increas-
ing the appropriation by a small amount.
The salary of the chemist ia the Agricul-
tural Department was fixed at the sum of
$2,500 as it was in the original bill as it came
to the Senate.
Another disagreement between the two
Houses related to the amount to be used for
the purchase of seeds for the Agricultural
Department. It was left at $50,000—the
mean between the numbers of $40,000 aud
$60,000.
The clerical force that was required in the
money-order office of the Post Office Depart-
ment was reduced somewhat, so that the total
sum for the additional service was $7,840 in
place of $9,880 as was claimed to be neces-
sary by persons who had looked into the mat-
ter. I believe the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads indorsed the larger amount;
but on consideration it was thought the amount
first named would be sufficient to meet the
emergency, and provide for the requisite force
in that office.
The next relates to some improvements and
supplies for the Post Office Department, which
are small items and not worth noticing in
detail.
Ir. reference r,o the force in the War Depart-
ment for the examination of the rebel archives,
which has heretofore been paid out of the con-
tingent fund for that Department, it was thought
best to adopt the recommendation made by the
House, which was based upon a document fur-
nished by the Secretary of War, Executive Doc-
ument No. 1(31, which sets forth in detail more
fully than I could at this time the reasons why
that force cannot, be made specific and be de- i
tailed under the several heads that, are found j
in the bill. I have not the form of the amend- I
nient before me ; but if any one desires it, it j
can be read from the bill at the desk. !
The Paymaster General's clerical force ia
reduced so that the amount for the same ia
$4,000 less than was voted by the House, the
House receding from their disagreement to the
Senate amendment. . ,
The proposition to purchase the two squares
adjoining the grounds in front of the Capitol
was left in the bill as the House put it after the
bill left this body and remains as it was, every-
body, I believe, being familiar with the form of
it, the amount being restricted to $400,000 for
the purchase of the property. That sum is, I
believe, in addition to what may be obtained
from the sale of the buildings.
The last subject is that relating to salaries.
The amount of increased salaries that the Sen-
ate provided for judges and the assistants in
various Executive Departments of the Govern-
ment was very large. The House disagreed
to that amendment, and the compromise that
was agreed upon between the two Houses—it
is in the nature of that—is to increase the sal-
aries of three of the executive officers, the
Register, the Second Comptroller, and the
architect of the Treasury Department, from
$3,000 each to $4,000. The salaries of the
judges of the Court of Claims, of thejudges of
the supreme court of the District of Columbia,
were increased in this way; the salary of the
chief justice in each case to $5,000, and the
salaries of the associate justices to $4,500.
These are about all the changes that have
been undertaken by the committee of confer-
Mr. CONKLING. What was there in the
original bill about the judges of this Dis-
trict ?
Mr. COLE. Nothing.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 understand, the Sen-
ate having amended the bill by incorporating
a provision in reference to judges in other
places, and having said nothing about the
judges in this District, the conference com-
mittee have put in thejudges in this District
in lieu of judges elsewhere, neither the House
nor the Senate having made any provision
about the judges in this District, and have
left out of the bill provisions that were in-
serted in the Senate touching the salaries of
judges elsewhere. Am I right in that?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The confer-
ence committee found the bill making appro-
priations for all the district judges through-
out the whole country, and the judges of the
supreme court of this District occupy precisely
the same position as the United States district
judges in the several States. We struck out
all those in the several States and included
those in this District, for the sufficient reason
that they had inore business probably than
any other judges in the whoie country.
Mr. CONKLING. I suppose the Senator
from Vermont will have no objection to an-
swering my question ; perhaps he has answered
it; but I should like to know whether I am
right in supposing that neither House having
put anything in the bill touchiug the«supreme
court judges of the District of Columbia, the
conference committee have reported in the bill
provisions touching those judges. Ami right
so far?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Well, it is a
question whether they were included or not.
It is a little doubtful. It seemed to be the
opinion of some of the conferees that they
were included, and of others that they were
not, and of all that they ought to be included.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire of the
Senator, for information, under what phrase-
ology was it the opinion of some of the con-
ference committee that they were included?.
By the description of " district judges?"
Mr. MOKR1LL, of Vermont. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I amend my state-
ment. aud understanding in this way: the Sen-
ate having raised the salary of district judges
the country over, the conference committee,
either because that language did not mean
district judges, bat did mean the supreme
