30
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
called for, the House resumes the considera-
tion of the resolution of the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Starkweather] pending at
the adjournment yesterday. The resolution
will be read.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
liesolved, That the Clerk of the House do forth-
with place in a box the name of each Member and
Delegate of the House of Representatives, written
upon a separate slip of paper; that he then proceed
in the presence of the House to draw from the said
box, one at a time, the said slips of paper, and as
each is drawn he shall announce the name of the
Member or Delegate upon it, who shall choose his
seat for the present Congress : Provided, That before
said drawing shall commence the Speaker shall cause
each seat to be vacated, and shall see that every seat
continues vacant until it is selected under this order;
and that every seat, after having been selected, shall
be deemed forfeited if left unoccupied before the
calling of the roll is finished.
The SPEAKER. The pending question is
upon the motion of the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Peters,] that the resolution be laid on the
table.
On the question there were—ayes 98, noes
99.
Mr. KILLINGER and Mr. PETERS called
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 105, nays 106, not voting
26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Archer, Arthur,
Banks, Barber,Beatty,Biggs, Bingham, Austin Blair,
Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Benjamin P. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Campbell, Comingo, Conger,
Cox, Crossland, Darrall, Davis, Dunne 11, Farns 17ortb,
Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster, Vryo, Garfield,
Garrett, Haldeman, Hale, Halsey, Handley.Harmer,
Harper, George E. Harris, John T. Harris, Hay, J ohn
W. Uazloton, Hooper, Kelley, Kerr. Ketoham, Kil-
linger, Lamison. Lynch, McHenry, McJunkin, Mc-
Kee, McKinney, Mercur, Merriam, Moore, Morphis,
Niblack, Packard, Packer, Isaac C. Parker, Perce,
Eli Perry.Peters.Platt,Poland, Potter.Priee.Prindle,
Rainey, Read, Edward Y. Rice, Ellis H. Roberts,
Sawyer, Seeley, Shanks, Shellabarger, Sherwood,
Shoemaker, Slater, Sloss, H. Boardman Smith, Wor-
tKington C. Smith, Snyder, R. Milton Speer, Stevens,
Stevenson, Storm.Stoughton,St. John, Sypher.Taffe,
Terry, Thomas, Tyner, Upson, Waldron, Wallace,
Washburn, Weils, Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitthorne,
Willard, Williams of Indiana, John T.Wilson, Win-
chester, and Wood—105.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Averil], Barnum,
Bell, Beveridge, Bigby, Braxton, Bright, George M.
Brooks,Caldwell,Carroll, Clarke,Cobb, Coburn, Con-
ner, Cotton, Coghlan.Crebs, Critcher, Dickey, Don-
nan, Dox, DuBose, Duell, Duke, Eames, Edwards,
Eklridge, Ely, Farwell, Finkelnburg, Forker, Wilder
D. Foster ,Getz, Griffith, Hambleton .Hancock, Hanks,
Havens,Hays,Gerry W.Haaleton.Hereford.Hibbard,
Hill, Hoar,Holman, Houghton, Kellogg, King, Kin-
sella, Lamport, Lansing. Leach, Lewis, Lowe, Man-
son, Marshall, Maynard, McClelland, MeCormick,
MoCrary, McGrew.McNeely, Merrick, Benjamin P.
Meyers, Monroe, Morgan, Leonard Myers, Negley,
Orr.Palmer.Hosea W.Parker,Peck, Pendletort, Aaron
P. Perry, Porter, Randall, John M. Rice, Ritchie,
William R. Roberts, Robinson, Rogers, Rusk, Ses-
sions,Sheldon, Shober, John A. Smith,Snapp,Thomas
J. fepeer, Starkweather, Sutherland, Swann, Dwight
Townsend, Washington Townsend, Turner, Tuthill,
Van Trump, Vaughan, Waddell, Walden, Walls,
Warren, Williams of New York, Jeremiah M. Wil-
son, and Young—106.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barry, Beck, Bird, James
G. Blair. James Brooks, Buckley, Creely. Dawes,
De Large, Elliott, trolladay,Goodrich, Hawley, Ken-
dall, Mclntyre, Mitchell, Morey, Roosevelt, Scofield,
Slocum, Sprague, Stowell, Strong, Twichell, Voor-
hees, and Wakeman—26.
So the motion to lay the resolution on the
table was not agreed to.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I now demand
the previous question on agreeing to the reso-
lution.
Mr. COX. I desire to offer an amendment
which I think will be satisfactory to every
member of the House.
TheSPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Connecticut[Mr. Starkweather] withdraw the
demand for the previous question, in order
that the gentleman from New York [Mr. Cox]
may offer an amendment?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I think we ought
to have a vote on my proposition.
The SPEAKER. The question is on sec-
onding the demand for the previous question.
Mr, COX. On that question I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Cox and Mr.
Starkweather were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 100, noes 98.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. WHEELER. Irise to a pointof order.
At the spring session the House made an order
for the drawing of seats, and in that order
provided that the drawing should be for the
Congress. I make the point of order that the
House cannot now proceed to a new drawing
until the former order is either reconsidered or
rescinded. I first make the point that the
prior order should be reconsidered.
The SPEAKER. It is too late to recon-
sider. Strictly speaking, the parliamentary
process would be to rescind. It having been
uniformly ruled for a series of years that a
resolution of this character is privileged once
during each session of Congress, the House,
of course, is competent to take all the parlia-
mentary steps necessary to reach the end.
Should the gentleman insist strictly on that
point, that the House must rescind a former
resolution, it would simply increase the num-
ber of yeas and nays that the House would have
to take. It would be one of the steps merely.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I claim that the
gentleman is too late in his proposition.
The SPEAKER. It is not too late. It is
never too late to take the necessary parliament-
ary steps.
Mr. WHEELER. Under former rulings,
so far as I have examined, it is a privileged
question, that is, the drawing of seats at every
session, and prior drawings were under order
of the House that they should bo for the session
only. But this resolution I drew myself, and
expressly provided in it that the drawing of
seats should be for the Congress.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will find,
if he goes back, that both points have been
made and decided. It has been considered a
privileged question at each session of Con-
gress, privileged to be entertained, whether
entertained in the form of rescinding or other
action without rescinding the previous resolu-
tion, The rescinding of the previous resolu-
tion makes no difference beyond causing greater
delay in the process of arriving at the decision
of the majority. The end will be the same
whatever action is taken, and the majority at
last will determine the question.
Mr. ELDRIDGrE. I made the same point
myself at the last session of Congress, and the
ruling then was that we were entitled to an-
other drawing. 1 was then opposed to a new
drawing, and was overruled when I made this
same point.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that has
been the uniform ruling ever since the gentle-
man from Wisconsin and the Chair have been
members of the House.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I remember that
in the Fortieth Congress the same point was
made, which was met by precisely a similar
decision as that now made by the Chair. It
has always been considered a privileged ques-
tion.
The SPEAKER, It has been the uniform
decision of the predecessor of the Chair which
he has followed.
Mr. BANKS. The proposition to draw for
seats is undoubtedly a question of privilege,
because it appertains to the organization of
the House. But after the seats have been
drawn, and drawn by express order of the
House for the Congress, it is no longer a ques-
tion of privilege, and must come in by recon-
sideration or by a motion to rescind the pre-
vious order of the House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's point
does not dispose of the question of privilege.
If there were no privilege involved it could
not reach the point of rescinding. A motion
to rescind could not be reached unless the
question was of a privileged character.
Mr. BANKS. It would come in
other legislation.
The SPEAKER. Not unless privileged.
as any
Mr. BANKS. But when the House has
disposed of the question of privilege by ex-
hausting it, it cannot be used again as a ques-
tion of privilege.
The SPEAKER. If it were an original
question, unembarrassed by the uniform de-
cisions and rulings of the last six or eight
years, the Chair does not say he would not
agree with the gentleman from Massachusetts.
The same order of the House was made before,
and was treated precisely in the same way, the
same point of order being overruled.
Mr. WHEELER. Heretofore drawings for
seats were for the session; but this House,
expressly with a view to prevent any renewal
of the drawing for seats, changed that order,
and made the drawing for this Congress.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Precisely the
same order was made in a former Congress,
and it was decided in the same way.
Mr. PETERS. I understand the Chair to
decide that if we are to rescind the previous
order of the House it must be reached by
direct vote, and not by indirection.
The SPEAKER. The rescinding of the
previous order of the House can be reached
by incorporating in the pending resolution
language to that effect. The gentleman can
move to reconsider the vote by which the pre-
vious question was ordered, and then move an
amendment rescinding the previous order of
the House.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I believe the
House will be better satisfied to arrive at a
direct vote.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The resolution on which
I raised my point of order in language ex-
pressly provided that the drawing should be
for the Congress. I made the point, and the
present Speaker ruled in accordance with the
previous decisions. He decided that it was
privileged, and the object sought could be
reached in the manner now proposed.
The SPEAKER. It would make possibly
the parliamentary result more precise to
insert in the resolution the words "the pre-
vious resolution is hereby rescinded;" but
gentlemen must all see that it makes no pos-
sible difference in the disposition of the reso-
lution by the House. It is solely a matter of
form.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then the adoption of
this resolution would be virtually a repeal or
rescinding of the former resolution?
The SPEAKER. Yes; the Chair hopes
that no single member will misunderstand the
precise usage in accordance with which he
rules. It is competent for the House, every
Monday morning, under the call for resolu-
tions, to order a redistribution of seats. But
the ruling of the Chair has been that, accord-
ing to usage, it is a privileged question only
once each session. While it can only come
up once each session as a matter of privilege,
it may come up at any time under the call of
States as a matter for the majority to settle,
or they may agree among themselves that it
shall remain settled when once determined for
the session. The question is upon the adop-
tion of the resolution offered by the gentleman
from Connecticut, [Mr. Starkweather.]
Mr. WHEELER. Do I understand the
Chair to rule that it is not necessary, as a pre-
liminary step, to rescind or repeal the previous
resolution 1
The SPEAKER. The Chair holds, what the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wheeler]
must himself see, that this resolution itself
works a repeal of the former resolution. It
would have been better, as a matter of form,
if the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr. Stark-
weather] had put in rescinding words; but
m effect, as the gentleman from Now York,
who is an experienced parliamentarian, well
knows, the adoption of the resolution in its
present form works the same result.
Mr. PETERS. I demand the yeas and nays
on the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
