1822
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
we get through this amendment to the satis-
faction of the Senator.
Mr. RAMSEY. It may be important in
considering the amendment the Senator now
proposes. If forty feet above low water is not
enough, and one hundred feet above low water
does give fifty feet at high water, we should
retain the one hundred feet at low water.
Mr. MORTON. I will say to the Senator
that it might happen that the two requirements
would be inconsistent with each other. I will
explain the reason why it is put at forty feet
in this case directly. In the original require-
ment of the bridge at Cincinnati, seventy feet
above low water did not give forty feet above
high water. Now, is it not clear that it is
wholly unnecessary to say one word about how
high the bridge shall be above low water pro-
vided you require it to be a sufficient height
above high water? That is the point.
Mr. CALDWELL. I should like to inquire
of the Senator from Ohio whether the bridge
at Cincinnati was not required to be raised be-
cause it was not sufficiently high above high-
water mark? Is not that so?
Mr. MORTON. That is thepointprecisely.
Mr. CALDWELL. If it had been suili-
cientlylngh above high water there would have
been no necessity for raising it and increasing
the height. As I understand the Senator from
Indiana, he wants to fix the bridge at Evans-
villc sufficiently high above high-water mark.
If forty feet is not high enough, let us make it
fifty or sixty feet, but let us gauge it by high-
water mark, and then it does not, make any
difference whether it is seventy-five or one
hundred and fifty feet above low-water mark.
If it, is high enough above high-water mark so
as notto permit any obstruction of the naviga-
tion of the river, that is sufficient.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would not interpose
against the passage of this bill. But the bill as
reported comes to us from a department, expe-
rienced in bridge building, perfectly familiar
with all these matters. The engineers have
examined all these sites, and they are per-
fectly familiar with the whole subject. This
bill comes from them with these provisions
and limitations. It embraces the navigation
of seven hundred miles of the most important
inland navigation in this country. There are
several bridges already erected, each of which
has been required to be built one hundred feet
above low water. It seems to mo any sudden
change of these requirements would be wrong,
at least without a reference to the department
that practically fiamed this bill. 1 do not
wish to interpose against the bill, certainly I
do not wish to interpose any delay to its pas-
sage. I wish a bridge here at Evansville, but
1 wish it constructed in such a way as not to
obstruct the navigation of the river.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana to the amendment of the committee.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I should
like to have the amendment reported.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to the
amendment, which was in section one, lines
twenty two and twenty-three, to strike out the
words " of not less than one hundred feet
above low water, andso that the clause will
read :
That every bridge hereafter erected across the
Ohio river, below the mouth of the Big Sandy, shall
have at least one span of a height not less than forty
feet above highest, water, measured to the lowest
part of the span.
Mr. MORTON. One remark further. This
bill in a subsequent clause guards the naviga-
tion of the river by requiring that the bridge
shall be of sufficient height above high water,
and all the engineers in the world cannot show
that it is of the slightest importance, if that is
done, to make it one hundred feet above low
water. But in a case where the river is very
wide and where the high water is not as great
as it would be at Cincinnati where the banks
are high, requiring it to be one hundred feet
above high water, it might, and probably would,
put it out of the power of the company to build a
bridge at all. As there can be no possible im-
portance in this requirement, and if it operates
at all it can only operate as an obstruction, I
ask the Senate to strike it out.
Mr. CALDWELL. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Indiana whether he thinks forty feet
above high water is sufficiently high for this
bridge 1
Mr. MORTON. It will be with another
provision in the bill that was not in the bill
under which the Senator's bridge was built.
Mr. CALDWELL. The reason I ask the
question is this: I have had something to do
with the building of a bridge across the
Missouri river at Fort Leavenworth, aod our
bridge is fifty feet above high-water mark to
the lower chord of the bridge, and we sup-
posed that that was as low down as we could
put it so as not to obstruct the navigation of
the river. I only make that suggestion be-
cause my idea is that a bridge should be suffi-
ciently high not in any way to obstruct the
navigation of the liver. If forty feet is not
his^h enough, we should amend it and make it
fifty feet.
Mr. MORTON. I will say to the Senator
that forty feet above high-water mark is high
enough for the passage of boats upon any
ordinary rise in the river. It would be very
high water when forty feet above high-water
mark would not be sufficient to enable boats
to pass under the four hundred feet span.
But the amendment of the committee con-
tains a provision that, in addition to the four
hundred fe<=t span across the channel of the
river, there shall be a pivotal draw, with one
hundred and sixty feet in the clear on each
side, which would be entirely sufficient for
boats at extreme high water. That is put in
because it, would he difficult in many places
on the Ohio and Mississippi rivers to build a
bridge at. all if it, is required to be more than
forty feet above high-water mark; and to meet
such an exigency another provision of the bill
requires that the bridge shall have this draw
with two clear passages of one hundred and
sixty feet each, which can be used by boats in
case of extreme high water. At Evansville,
from what I know of the height of the banks
on each side, it would be almost impossible
to build a bridge more than forty feet above
high water, and there .are a great many other
points on the river in the same condition.
Therefore the engineer department has guarded
against that contingency by requiring of every
bridge a draw one hundred and sixty feet on
each side of the pivot, in the clear.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Indiana whether this change from
one hundred feet above low water to forty feet
above high water has been recommended by
the board of engineers?
Mr. MORTON. The amendment reported
by the Senator contained the provision about
forty feet above high water, which I consider
makes the other wholly unnecessary.
Mr. CHANDLER. Is that change recom-
mended by the board of engineers?
Mr. MORION. I do not know what was
recommended by the board of engineers except
as I find it in the amendment of the com-
mittee.
Mr. CHANDLER. It will be remembered
by Senators that less than a year ago we had
some trouble at Cincinnati with a bridge that
was built, in accordance with law, yet the peo-
ple of Cincinnati made a great ado about it,
and I believe the Government is liable now,
or supposed to be liable, for some very large
sum for changing the condition of the law.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to explain that?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. I will say to the Senator
from Michigan that the original law as to the
Cincinnati bridge did not specify the height
above high water, but required it to be seventy
feet above low water ; and seventy feet above
low water did not. give the requisite height above
high water, and consequently a change had to
be made there. The Senator knows the char-
acter of the banks on each side of the river at
Cincinnati.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask the Senator
from Indiana what is the difference between
high and low water at Evansville?
Mr. MORTON. I do not know, but I know
it cannot be so great as at other points, because
the river is so wide there.
Mr. CHANDLER. From what committee
did this bill emanate?
Mr. MORTON. I believe the Committee
on Commerce. I think you reported the bill
yourself; I am sure you did.
Mr. CHANDLER. If it came from the
Committee on Commerce, it is recommended
by the board of engineers.
Mr. MORTON. It came from the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. SHERMAN. Senators have asked me,
why have a double measurement? The an-
swer is obvious ; it is because the rise of the
river varies very much. In some places the
difference between high and low water may
not be over ten feet; in some places-it is sixty
feet. Now, the ordinary height of a vessel
going up and down the river is, I am told,
fifty-six feet above the water-line to the top
of the smoke-stack. The purpose is to let a
vessel plying up and down the river go through
this wide span at ordinary stages of the water
without going through the draw. It is a very
great inconvenience to be compelled to carry
a steamboat through a draw on a river, espe-
cially when the current is rapid. For that rea-
son the board of engineers have always insisted
upon a double measurement, so many feet
above low-water mark and so many feet above
high-water mark, so that these vessels in then-
ordinary navigation will never be compelled to
go through the draw except in extraordinary
cases of high water.
I certainly, in defense of the interests of
my constituents, would not be justified in
allowing this bill to go through with a change
in this particular without the recommendation
of the board of engineers, or some person who
must know more about it than we do, espe-
cially when these heavy requirements have
been made of companies that have constructed
bridges across the Ohio river in my own Sute.
Mr. WiNDOM. I ask the Senator from
Ohio what is the present heighth of the Cin-
cinnati bridge above high water?
Mr. SHERMAN. It is one hundred feet
above low water, and about forty feet above
high water, I think. I thought it was about
forty-five feet, but, the Senator from Indiana
says forty. It is built in exact conformity to
this provision.
Mr. CHANDLER. I should think we ought
to have further information before making the
change now proposed. It may be that the bill
is precisely right with the proposed change ;
but I should rather have an opinion from the
board of engineers that it is right before we
pass a law which may cause great expense
either to the builders of the bridge or to the
Government by requiring the company to
change its plans for the building, and I think
it had better go over until we can obtain fur-
ther information.
Mr. MORTON. I simply desire to say one
word before the morning hour expires. I do
not see in what respect it can be important to
require a bridge to be one hundred feet above
low water when there is another provision re-
quiring it to be forty leet above high water,
and that is the material one. If you require <1
bridge to be one hundred feet above low water
in Cincinnati, that will make it forty feet above
high water. Abridge one hundred feet above
low water at Evansville would be seventy five
feet above high water, I presume, though 1
