926
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
rise on this floor and endeavor to taint the
characterof gpntlemen by making imputations
which he does not sustain by proof. The
honorable Senator from Vermont says that
there is testimony lodged in one of the De-
partments here which tends to show that cer-
tain gentlemen whom he named are the advis-
ory board, and he asks me what was the advis-
ory board. I have already answered him that
I know nothing about the organization, and
I can say to him now I know nothing about
the advisory board; I did not know that such
a board existed. But I say that his evidence
is not sufficient to justify him in getting up here
on this floor and making the charges that he
has made against those gentlemen.
He says that the people of South Carolina
should not be ruled by such men, that they
should not be allowed to become Governors
or to hold office. The honorable Senator from
South Carolina who sits before me [Mr. Rob-
ertson] has stated to him that, suppose they
are placed in office, who does it ? Who is
responsible for it? Does the Senator from
Vermont desire to take from the people of
Soutli Carolina the right to elect their own
officers ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no.
Mr. NORWOOD. If they see fit to elect
Wade Hampton to an office are you not con-
tent?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Entirely content, Mr.
President; but we all know, and the Senator
knows as well as I do, that the people of South
Carolina never would elect Wade Hampton
nnder their existing constitution. It is only
the same organization that he is said upon evi-
dence now to rule that would elect him. The
people of South Carolina under that kind of
rule can elect nobody to office any more than
they can in the city of New York.
Mr. NORWOOD. The colored people of
South Carolina, who do not belong to that or-
ganization, are very largely in the majority, as
stated by the Senator from South Carolina.
There is no danger of such men being elected
unless the people see fit to elect them, and if
the people elect them, I think the honorable
Senator from Vermont ought to be content. I
think his argument on the question of election,
as we'll as the reasons he has assigned for
endeavoring to lug in these gentlemen and to
exclude them from the benefit of this act, are
equally weak ; and I would simply say to the
honorable Senator as was said on a former
occasion to an old gentleman, " Good Seign-
ior, you may more command by years than
by your weapons," if these are the best that
he can draw. I do not think that he can con-
vince the Senate that they should adopt his
suggestion or his amendment upon a bare
imputation that these gentlemen of South
Carolina maybe involved in this organization.
Mr. SAWYER. I concur entirely with the
Senator from Vermont in his opinions of the
outrages of the Ku Klux. I have already,
however, expressed my opinion on this sub-
ject, so fully that the outrages of the Ku Klux
have nothing to do with political disabilities,
or the removal of political disabilities, that I
do not propose at this time to reply to what he
lias seen fit to say on that subject. They are,
in my opinion, subjects having 110 logical rela-
tion to each other whatever. That is the
opinion of those who have on the spot invest-
igated the Ku Klux outrages.
But, sir, without discussing the matter fur-
ther to-day, having been assured by the friends
of amnesty than persistence in my motion may
imperil the bill, I rise for the purpose of with-
drawing the motion that I made.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
South Carolina with draws his motion to amend.
The Senator from Michigan [Mr. Chandler]
moved 10 amend that motion by striking out
all in regard to amnesty. That will also be
regarded as withdrawn, unless he insists upon
it, and the pending question will be on the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Morrill,] to add a fourth class of excep-
tions.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I will state that
my colleague [Mr. Chaxbler] is not in his
seat at this moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. His was an
amendment to an amendment, and falls with
the amendment.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. It is suggested
to me by a Senator that this course will be
consonant with his views, and so I make no
objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on adding the following to the exceptions in
the bill;
Fourth. AU persons who have been or shall be
members of what i3 known as the Ku Klux IClan,
or any organization existing or which luay exist
for like objects and purposes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the yeas
and nays on that. I think that is a good thing
to take the yeas and nays upon.
The yeas a'd nays were ordered.
Mr. SAWYER. In reference to this amend-
ment it occurs to me that if men are found out
to be members of the Ku Klux Klan, there
will be some other method of punishing them;
and it you cannot find it out, I do not see how
it is going to operate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. But the honorable Sen-
ator said this was not a question of punish-
ment.
Mr. SAWYER. But if they are found to
be members of the Ku Klux Klan there is a
law to punish them, and if that is not found
out, how will it operate?
Mr. HILL. It occurs to me that in order
to effectuate this amendment, there ought to
be some mode of ascertainment to exclude
these persons from the benefit of this act. sIt
is too vague, and would leave everything too
uncertain ; the machinery is incomplete.
Mr. SCOTT. While I will go as far to
impose disabilities on these people as anybody
can, I desire to call attention to this feet:
the disabilities are imposed by the fourteenth
amendment, and therefore if persons laboring
under disabilities have since gone into the
Ku Klux, they are under disabilities anyhow,
unless they have had them removed, and the
fact that they have gone in since would not
render them subject to those disabilities; so
that we impose no other disabilities than those
that already exist, by making this exception.
Mr. MORTON. We simply propose not to
relieve those who have gone into the organ-
ization; that is all.
Mr. SCOTT. How will you get at the evi-
dence of it?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am paired, as I before
stated, with the Senator from Maryland, FMr.
Hamilton]
Mr. NYE. I am so anxious to keep my
pair honorably that I think I had better not
vote on this question.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 34, nays 16; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Brown-
low, Caldwell, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clay-
ton, Cole, ConkHns, Corbett, Ferry of Michigan
Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of
lexas, Hamlin, Harlan, Morrill of Vermont, Mor-
ton, Osbora, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Ramsey
Robertson, Sawyer, Spencer, Sumner, West, Wilson
Windom, and Wright—34. '
NAYS-— Mp<ws. Blair, Davis of West Virginia
faoldthwaste, Hill, Johnston,Kelly,Morrill of Maine
Norwood, Saulsbury, Schurz, Stevenson, Stockton'
I hurra an, Tipton, Trumbull, and Vickers—16.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Buckingham, I
Casserly, Cooper, Cragm, Davis of Kentucky, Ed-
munds, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Hamilton of
Maryland, Hifchoock, Howe, Kellogg,Lewis, Logan, '
Nye, Pratt. Rice, bcott. Sherman, Sprague, and
Stewart—23.
So the amendment was adopted.
Mr. MORTON. I offer a further amend-
ment with a view to give effect to the one just
adopted by putting it into the oafh.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was in section two, line six, after the word
"same," to insert the words "and that he
is not and has never been a member of any
association commonly knowu as the Ku Klux
Klan so that the section will read :
That before anv person shall be entitled to the
benefit of this act, he shall, within the district where
he resides, before a clerk of some court of the Uni-
ted States or a United States commissioner, take
and subscribe an oath or affirmation to support the
Constitution of the United States, and to bear true
faith and allegiance to the same, and that he is not
and has never been a member ot" any association
commonly known as the Ku Klux ivlan, which
oath or affirmation shall be forwarded, &c.
Mr. SCOTT. I did not vote on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Vermont,
for the simple reason that I did not wish, by
voting " nay," to imply that I considered any
Ku Klux as capable of or deserving of holding
office. But now that it is proposed to put the
test to them of an oath, 1 simply wish to call
the attention of the Senator from Indiana to
the fact that this amendment will be imprac-
ticable for the reason that it is a part of that
organization to deny not only its existence,
but membership in it, and that systematic
perjury is just as much a part of its life as
violence, and the oath administered to its
members will be no assurance at all that they
have not been members.
Mr. MORTON. I perfectly agree with the
Senator from Pennsylvania that that is the
character of this oiganization ; but at the same
time, as one of the means of preventing per-
sons not authorized from receiving the benefit
of this act, I propose to subject each one to
the danger of perjury in taking that oath if it
should turn out or can be shown afterward
that he was a member of the organization. I
admit that the very nature of the organization
implies perjury and crime of every description.
Sir. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I ask for
the yeas and nays on this amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, requited—yeas 33, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames,Boreman, Brownlow, Cald-
well, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole,
Conkling, Corbett, Crasin. Ferry of Michigan, Flan-
agan, i'relmgliuysen, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Hamlin, Harlan. Morrill of Maine, Morrill ot Ver-
mont, Morton, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pool, Rain=ey,
Robertson. Spencer, Sumner, West, Wilson, Win-
dom, and Wright—33.
NAYS—Messrs. Blair. Davis of West Virginia,
Goidthwaiie, Johnston, Kelly, Norwood, Saulstiury,
bchurz, Stevenson, Stockton. Thurman, ?,nd Vick-
ers—12.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Bayard,
Buckingham, Casserly, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky,
Jidmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut, Hamil-
ton of Maryland, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Kellogg,
Lewis, Logan, Nye, Patterson, Pratt, Rice, Sawyer,
Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Tipton, and
Trumbull—28.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, ever since
I have held a seat in this body I have been a
believer^ i;i the good policy of removing the
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment. 1 have ever regarded those disabilities
as imposed for the reason stated by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] some days
ago, not as punishment for crime, but for rea-
sons of public policy; and that, therefore,
irrespective of any merits or demerits of the
persons thus disabled, whenever public policy
required disabilities to be removed, it was the
duty of Congress to remove them. I have been
satisfied for a long time that public policv does
require their removal. I have been strength-
ened in that opinion by the fact fhat every
Sena,tor from the southern States, I believe
wiihout exception, has been for more than
two years past an advocate of the removal of
these disabilities. I am strengthened in it by
thu fact tliat the committee you sent down
there to investigate outrages appears to have
arnved at the same conclusion. I am strength-
ened in it by the fact that the President of the
United States himself has recommended the
removal of these disabilities, and I think I
cannot doubt what is the sentiment of the
people throughout the entire country.
1 am strengthened further in tins belief by
the fact that the House of Representatives,
coming from the people more lately than we
came, have again and again and again mani>
