1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1823
hardly know how much it would make it,
because I do not know what high water is
there, but I do know that that provision can-
not be of any importance, whether recom-
mended by engineers or anybody else. There
is a common sense about that which is not to
be answered by any report of engineers.
Mr. SHERMAN. Allow me to ask the
Senator a question. Suppose the rise of the
river there is only ten feet—and if the river is
very wide probably ten feet will be the rise—
then the requirement as to this bridge would
be only fifty feet above low water, and every
steamboat up and down the Ohio river would
be compelled to go through the draw, a very
hazardous and troublesome matter. If the
rise and fall is forty feet, then the provision is
all right enough, or if it is thirty feet; I have
never been at Evansville, and I ask the Sena-
tor what the rise is there. An ordinary steam-
boat is fifty six feet high to the top of the
smoke-stack ; some are much higher, but the
ordinary height is fifty-six feet. Therefore, if
the bridge is to be only forty feet above high-
water mark, and there is only ten feet differ-
ence between high and low-water mark, the
result is that every steamboat would have to
go through the draw.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Ohio will suspend. The morning hour has
expired, and the Chicago relief bill is before
the Senate, and the Chair will read the agree-
ment then made, in the words of the then Pre-
siding Officer, the Senator from Rhodelsland,
[Mr. Anthony :]
"The Presiding Officer. Pending the motion,
the Chair will ascertain whether the proposition
is properly understood. It is that at two o'clock
to-morrow, by unanimous consent, the Senate will
proceed to vote upon the pending amendments to
the bill, :md any other amendments that may be
proposed, without further debate.
" Mr. Carpenter. And the time between one and
two o'clock shall be divided between the Senator
from Illinois and myself,
" The Presiding Officer. Sueh the Chair under-
stands to be the agreement."
The Chicago relief bill is now before the
Senate, to be discussed for one hour. The
Senator from Wisconsin, the Chair under-
stands, is first entitled to the floor.
DEBATES OP CONGRESS.
Mr. ANTHONY, I ask the assent of the
Senator from Wisconsin to have a bill on the
table, which has come from the House of
Representatives, laid before the Sejiate.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. G81) providing
for the reporting and printing of the debates
in Congress.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
non-concur in the amendment of the House
of Representatives and ask for a committee
of conference.
Mr. HAMLIN. I think we had better
concur.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Wisconsin has not yielded for debate. This
matter will go over.
MESSAGE FROM TUB HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by M r. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 101) for the relief of F.
B. Bray ton;
A bill (H. R. No. 1094) for the relief of
Charles A. Weidner;
A bill (H. R. No. 1261) for the relief of
Thomas D. West, of Sandusky, in the State
of Ohio;
A bill (H. R. No. 1288) for the relief of
Sluman S. Bailey, collector of internal reve-
nue for the fourth district of Michigan ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1700) for the relief of
Battelle & Evans;
A bill-(H. R. No. 2027) for the relief of
William Howard;
A bill (H. R. No. 2028) for the relief of
William Stoddard, late assistant quartermaster
United States volunteers;
A bill (H. R. No. 2029) for the relief of
Charles H. Thompson, of New Orleans, Lou-
isiana ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2030) for the relief of
Wylly Woodbridge ;
A bill (H. R. No." 2031) for the relief of
Peck, Van Horn & Go.;
A bill (H. R. No. 2032) for the relief of
John H. McQuown, of Illinois;
A bill (H. li. No. 2038) for the relief of B.
C. Bailey;
A bill (H. R. No 2034) for the relief of
Edward G Allen, of London, England ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2036) for the relief of
James A. Bell;
A bill (H. R. No. 2037) for the relief of
Alpheus h'obes, late pension agent in the city
of New York;
A bill (H. R. No. 2038) for the relief of
William M. Stafford, late acting district attor-
ney for Montana Territory;
A bill (H. R. No. 2039) for the relief of
Joseph Westcott, of Portland, Maine;
A bill (H. R. No. 2040) for the relief of
Redick McKee;
A bill (H. R. No. 2041) for the relief of
the children of John M. Baker ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2042) for the relief of
Fannie M. Jackson, of Tennessee.
The message also amionnced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 547) to authorize
the construction of a bridge across the Missis-
sippi river, at or near the town of Clinton, in
the State of Iowa, and other bridges across
said river, and to establish them as post roads,
with amendments; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 94} for the
relief of Miss Keturah Cole.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R, No. 635) to change the name
of the pleasure yacht Lois to that of Sea-
Witch.
IRON-SHIP BUILDING.
Mr. SCOTT submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Mesolvad, That there be printed for the use of the
Senate two thousand extra copies of Executive Doc-
umentNo.50,second set-sion Forty-Second Congress,
being a letter from the Secretary of the Navy, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of the
Senate of March 13,1871, further information in rela-
tion to proposals for establishing iron-ship building
yards and docks.
PAPERS 'WITIIDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. WEST, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Marcus
Walker, on the files of the Senate, be referred to the
Committee on Claims.
JOHN P. HALE.
Mr. HAMLIN. The Committee on Foreign
Relations, to whom was referred a resolution
directing them to inquire into the expediency
of proposing an appropriation to compensate
John P. Hale while minister at Madrid, Spain,
have directed me to report an amendment
intended to be proposed to the bill (H. 11.
No. 1323) making appropriations for the con-
sular and diplomatic service of the Govern-
ment for the year ending June 30, 1873, and
for other purposes, which I offer by direction
of the committee.
The amendment was ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
CHICAGO FIRE.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. 11.
No. 555) for the relief of sufferers by fire at
Chicago.
Mr. CARPENTER. Mr. President, I shall
detain the Senate but a very few moments on
this bill. Out of deference to the superior
experience of the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Trumbull] I thought it was due to him that I
should yield the floor to him at first; but I
believe he prefers to elose the debate ; and re-
garding him as holding the laboring oar in this
discussion, I think he is fairly entitled to do
so. It seems to me that this bill is so mani-
festly unconstitutional that it willreqnire all
the ingenuity of that honorable Senator, at a
time when there can be no reply to him, to
satisfy the Senate that it is proper to pass it.
In the first place, let me refer again to the
provision of the Constitution which I claim
that this bill conflicts with :
" The Congress shall have power to lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises, to pay the debts
and provide for the common defense and general
welfareofthe United States; but all duties, imposts,
and excises shall be uniform throughout the United
States."
A great many arguments have been attempted
in reply to the objection that this bill is uncon-
stitutional, but they all seem to me to ignore
the true construction of the Constitution. The
uniformity which is secured by the Constitu-
tion is a uniformity of duties " throughout the
United States." The thing is secured, not a
name, not a mere fiction; but the substance
which this Constitution has secured is that the
duties shall be the same, and be paid the same
throughout tlis United States. And Mr. Chief
Justice Marshall says this means not only all
the States as such, bnt the District of Colum-
bia, the Territories of the Union, and every
spot and place over which the authority of the
General Government extends.
But it is insisted that under this bill the
duties would be the same and be paid the same
as they would be if the bill should not be passed.
The fact that the duties paid are immediately
repaid to the person who has paid the duties
is claimed to be only an appropriation of
money, in no way objectionable under this
provision of the Constitution. I referred to
this point the other day.
I will admit that if a mere abstraction had
been all the Constitution was intended to
secure there might be some force in this argu-
ment ; but when we consider the object of this
section, it is trifling with the intelligence of the
Senate and the country to say that there is
uniformity of duties, when by the law which
lays the duty it is provided that the man who
pays it shall immediately receive it back again.
This is not a payment within the meaning of
the Constitution, but a thin, palpable evasion
of the provisions of the Constitution.
It is said that if these duties had been col-
lected and paid into the Treasury we could
appropriate the same amount for any object in
our opinion falling within the constitutional,
tl at is, the common defense and general wel-
fare of the United States, and that this bill is
in effect an appropriation of so much money
as the duties would amount to. That argu-
ment has been replied to two or three times
already, and especially by my honorable friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Soon.] In every
State of this Union the Constitution and laws
provide that after a man has been tried and
convicted for murder the Governor may par-
don him. The President may also pardon all
crimes committed against the United States.
Now, do Senators see no difference between
providing that after a man has been convicted
he may be pardoned, and a statute which
should in advance declare that every man who
was tried and convicted should be pardoned ?
If you say here to a city, to a State in ad-
vance, "You may have the benefit of free
trade for twelve months," what is the result
of itV Why, you stimulate the trade of that
State, and the benefit which they are to re-
ceive is a benefit limited and measured only
by themselves. They may import a million,
they may import a hundred millions. In either
case your statute covers it. In a case where
property has been imported, a particular duty
