1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3617
The SPEAKER. The bill will be read,
after which objections will be in order to its
present consideration.
The bill was read. It relieves John Coulter
from the assessment of $4,414 40 made against
him in the fifth revenue district in the State of
Indiana, in and for the month of August, 1870,
for deficiency of returns on distilled, spirits,
commonly known as deficiency tax ; and pro-
vides that any suit or other proceedings now
pending against him for the collection thereof
shall be dismissed or discontinued.
Mr. AMBLER. I object.
siiosiionb and bannock Indians.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table for
consideration at this time the amendments of
the Senate to House bill No. 1914, to author-
ize the Secretary of the Interior to negotiate
with the head-men of the Shoshone and Ban-
nock tribes of Indians for the relinquishment
of a portion of their reservation in Wyoming
Territory.
No objection was made.
Mr. SHAN KS. I ask that the amendments
be non-concurred in, and that a committee
of conference be asked.
The motion was agreed to.
ORDlSIt OS1 BUSINESS.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER. By order of the House,
under a suspension of the rules, the session of
to-day is to be devoted to the consideration of
reports from the Committee of Claims.
Mr. RANDALL. Exclusively?
The SPEAKER. If the committee should
get through with all their business, the Chair
supposes it would be in order to consider
other business for the remainder of the day's
session.
S. B MITCHELL AND OTHERS.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. I am directed by
the Committee of Claims to ask the House to
take from the Speaker's table and consider
at this time the amendments of the Senate
to House bill No. 1551, for the relief of S.
B. Mitchell, George W. Mitchell, and John
W. Mitchell.
No objection was made.
The amendments of the Senate were to
strike out "$3,059 37" and insert "$2,592
87 in line eleven strike out the words " rais-
ing and and at the end of the bill add " and
the sum of S4G6 50 to William Webster for
raising the same."
Mr. HABRIS, of Virginia. I move that
the amendments be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
The title was amended by the Senate by
adding the words "and William Webster."
The amendment was agreed to.
utah, idaho, and montana railroad.
Mr. SHOEMAKER, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2796)grant-
ing the right of way through the public lands
for the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line to the Utah, Idaho, and Montana Railroad
Company ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
INDIAN RESERVATIONS IN MINNESOTA.
Mr. DUNNELL. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands
the bill (S. No. 562) in relation to settlers on
certain Indian reservations in Minnesota.^
Mr. SHANKS. Thatbill relates to Indians,
and, if referred, should go to the Committee on
Indian Affairs.
Mr. DUNNELL. I will explain. The
House has passed a bill giving preemptorsone
year additional time in which to preempt.
On certain Indian reservations there are pre-
emptors 
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—-No. 227.
Mr. SHANKS. There cannot be preemp-
tion on an Indian reservation; there is no law
authorizing any such thing.
Mr. BLAIR,'of Michigan, I cannot allow
time for this proposition to be debated.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made,
the bill will remain on the Speaker's table.
united states securities.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table, for con-
currence, the amendment of the Senate to the
bill (H. R. No. 2091) defining and limiting
the appropriation of certain moneys for the
preparation, issue, and reissue of the secur-
ities of the United States, and for other pur-
poses.
The amendment, which was read, proposes
to strike out all after the enacting clause and
insert a provision that the expenses of the
issue, reissue, transfer, delivery, redemption,
and destruction of securities, legal-tender
notes, fractional currency, cheeks, certificates,
commissions, and for any plate and seal en-
graving and printing required by the Treasury
Department, shall be paid from and shall not
exceed the appropriation of one per cent, of
the amount of legal-tender notes, fractional
currency, and securities issued during each
fiscal year; provided that nothing therein con-
tained shall be construed to increase or en-
large the appropriation contained in the sec-
ond section of the act entitled "An act to
authorize the refunding of the national debt,"
approved July 14, 1870.
Mr. DAWES. This simply provides that
money already appropriated for the purposes
named shall be a permanent appropriation.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Commit-
tee on Appropriations, having had occasion to
look at this bill, are satisfied that it should
pass.
Mr. DAWES. It really belonged to the
Committee on Appropriations, but somehow
it got into our committee.
There being no objection, the amendment
of the Senate was concurred in.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in ; aud also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONSULAR BUILDINGS IN JAPAN, ETC.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Foreign Affairs
a bill (H. R. No. 2797) providing for the pay-
ment to the G-overnment of Japan from the
indemnity fund the sum due on account of
rent3 for lands and buildings occupied by the
diplomatic and consular representatives of
the United States to Japan; which was read
a first and second time, recommitted, and
ordered to be printed.
japanese indemnity fund.
Mr. BANKS also, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs a bill (H. II. No. 2798) to release the
Government of Japan from the payment of
the balance of the indemnity fund remaining
unpaid, amounting to $875,000, under the con-
vention of October 22, 1864 ; which was read
a first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and recommitted.
SECRETARY OF LEGATION IN JAPAN.
Mr. BANKS also, by unanimous consent,-
reported from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs a bill (H. R. No. 2799) to provide for
the appointment of a secretary of legation at
the Court of Japan, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
international exposition at vienna.
Mr. BANKS also, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No.
2800) to authorize the President of the United
States to appoint one or more commissioners
to represent the Government of the United
States at the international exposition of agri-
culture, industry, and fine arts, to be held at
Vienna in 1873; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted.
southern claims for army supplies.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, from the Com-
mittee of Claims, reported back with amend-
ments a bill (H. R. No. 2582) making appro-
priation for the payment of claims reported
allowed by the commissioners of claims under
the act of Congress of March 3, 1871.
The bill was read in part.
message from tne senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Syh?son, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had agreed to the report
of the committee of conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on a bill (H.
R. No. 1192) making appropriations for the
current and contingent expenses of the Indian
departmen-t, and for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for the year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes.
The message further announced that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on a bill (S. No. 988) to
provide homes for the Pottawatomie and
absentee Shawnee Indians in the Indian
territory.
Tho message further announced that the
Seiiate had passed a bill (S. No. 480) concern-
ing the circuit and district courts of the United
States for the district of Kansas; in which tha
concurrence of the House was requested.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed a bill (H. R. No. 211G) to
amend an act entitled " An act to provide for
the better security of life on board of vessels
propelled in whole or in part by steam, and
for other purposes," approved February 28,
1871, with amendments; in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
security 0? life on steamboats.
Mr. NEGLEY. I move that the House
non-concur in the amendments of the Senate
to the steamboat bill, and ask for a committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses.
Mr. BROOKS. Until the amendments of
the Senate are printed it will be impossible for
us to know what they are.
The SPEAKER. Is there any objection to
the bill going to a committee of-conference 1
Mr. BROOKS. Not at all.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Let the
amendments go to the Committee on Com-
merce and be ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONGER. The Committee on Com-
merce have had under consideration every pro-
vision and every amendment, and could only
report next week what thpy would report to-
day. It is the wish of that committee the
House should non-concur in the Senate
amendments.
Mr. BROOKS. Let them be printed, so we
can see them.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my motion to refer to the Committee on
Commerce.
The amendments of the Senate were-ordered
to be printed, non-concurred in, and sent to
a committee of conference.
SOUTHERN CLAIMS FOR AE>1Y SUPBLIES.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill
(H. R. No. 2582) making appropriations for
the payment of claims reported allowed by
the commissioners of claims under the act of
Congress of March 3, 1871.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. _ I desire to
make a suggestion to the chairman of the
Committee of Claims. Of course, making the
point of order on this bill would carry it to
the Committee of the Whole. I do not, how-
