1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2721
and come back to the right practice, of a con-
ference committee only deciding upon the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses, it will be
''a consummation devoutly to be wished."
Mr. CONKLING. May I ask the Senator
a question? Did he say it was insisted on the
part of the House that the conferees had a
right not only to consider matters on which
the two Houses might have disagreed, but to
introduce new and original matter ?
Mr. THURMAN. I did not speak of what
the House had done, but the House managers
on those two committees of which I spoke
asserted that it had been again and again ruled
by the House that it was proper to put in new
matter, and they cited a great many instances.
I think, however, they nearly all occurred
hei e during the war, and when there was an
exigency for putting things through in a hurry.
1 know in those cases they put in entirely
new matter. Take the case of the govern-
ment of this District, the conference com-
mittee reported almost entirely a new bill.
Mr. CONKLING. Did it not all relate to
matter which had been considered by the two
Houses?
Mr. THURMAN. No, I think it went far
beyond that. It was, in fact, a new measure.
It passed both Houses in that way by agreeing
to the conference committee report.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask a question ? Was there not a total
disagreement as to the whole bill between the
two Houses ?
Mr. THURMAN. I think not. I Mow that
I objected to it, and I did not agree to the
report in either ease, for I thought it was all
wrong. I thought we had nothing to do but to
report on the disagreeing votes; but I was
overruled, and both those bills passed both
branches. I shall be very glad to do anything
to bring the House to the right position.
Mr. POMEROY. I think there is some
importance attached to this matter as a pre-
cedent, and it is only as a precedent perhaps.
1 do not think committees of conference have
any right to put in matters that were not dis-
agreed to either by one House or the other ;
but the Senator from Vermont has spoken of
one item in this report to which I wish to call
the attention of the Senate. He spoke of the
additional clerks forthe Land Office authorized
by this report of the committee of conference,
but that is an item which was put into the
House bill, and a committee of conference, if
the Senate does not waive its right, has juris-
diction over everything that was disagreed to
between the two Houses. When a bill origin-
ates in the House of Representatives and
comes here, and we amend it and send it back
to the House, and they put in new matter,
we have the right to decline a conference until
we have examined their new matter, but if we
accede to the conference we waive that right,
and then it is a disagreeing vote between the
two Houses, and a subject of conference.
Mr. CONKLING. What is?
Mr. POMEROY. I will state the case. A
bill originates in the House of Representatives,
comes here, and is amended, it goes to the
House, and they put new matter into it,
as in this ease; we have a right to dissent
from their request for a conference until we
examine the new items ; but if we waive that
right and agree to the conference, all the dis-
agreeing votes are a subject-matter of confer-
ence. The House did in this instance put some
new matter into the text of the bill after it had
been sent to them and after we had amended
it. Our proper course would have been to
have declined the conference and refused to
consider their new matter, but as we did
not decline the conference but acceded to it,
then the disagreeing votes between the two
Houses, all of them, were the proper subject
of conference. That, however, does not au-
thorize a committee to put in new matter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
42d Cong. 2dSess.—Eo. 171.
me to inquire of him if the attention of the
Senate was called at all to new provisions put
into the bill ? Did we agree to a conference
in reference to a matter that we had never
heard of?
Mr. POMEROY. We did.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know who had
charge of this bill, but I am very sure that the
person having it in charge if it had been my-
self would have considered it a duty to bring
to the notice of the Senate the fact that new
matter was put into the bill of which the Sen-
ate had no knowledge. We should have been
informed of it.
Mr. CONKLING. I want to understand
the Senator from Kansas there. I made no
point such as he is now discussing of the House
having put in new matter and a conference
having been ordered. I ask the Senator does
he mean by his remark to assert or imply that
one House having proposed a bill, and the
other House having agreed to the text precisely
as it stood, so that the text is complete be-
tween that two Houses, then the conference
committee may change that ?
Mr. POMEROY. No, I did not say any
such thing.
Mr. CONKLING. Does he mean to say
that that having occurred, and the bill going
back to the House in which it originated, that
House may change items upon which the two
Houses have agreed, and that when they do so,
and we not knowing it grant a conference
committee, that, too, is within the scope of
the committee?
Mr. POMEROY. It is our business to
know when the bill comes back to us that they
have put in newmatterand sentit here. It isa
bill then before the Senate. We may proceed
with the new matter that they have put before
us and we may ask a conference.
Mr. CONKLING. Undoubtedly.
Mr. POMEROY. If we ask a conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses,
then we have a right to proceed with the new
matter that they have put in and put it all in
the hands of a committee of conference.
Mr. CONKLING. I agree with my friend
entirely as he now states it, where the House
adds new matter and we grant a conference,
that new matter upon which only one House
has acted has been held repeatedly to be em-
braced within the powers of the conference
committee ; but when the House adds new
matter by way of changing what both Houses
have agreed to and completed, then I submit
to the Senator it gives rise to a very different
question.
Mr. POMEROY". When the House of Rep-
resentatives have changed what both Houses
have agreed to, it is simply new matter. It
may be of more or less importance. In this
instance it amounts to the importance of
$48,000; in some instances it might be very
little; but in regard to the principle of the thing
it is no matter whether mueh or little. The
House did add to the text of the bill as they
originally passed it and as the Senate agreed to
it. When it came here from the House, I say
we had a right to consider that new matter,
or we had a right to waive it and put it into
the hands of the conference committee. We
chose to put it into the hands of a conference
committee, and therefore it was all a subject
of conference; but the conference committee
have no power over new matter not embraced
in the disagreeing votes of either House.
That is a clear law established by all parlia-
mentary usage.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President  
The VICE PRESIDENT. Before the Sen-
ator from Maine proceeds, the Chair will state
how this conference came to be agreed to. The
House of Representatives acted 011 the amend-
ments of the Senate, agreeing to sooae and dis-
agreeing to others and concurring in others
with amendments, and when they concluded,
asked a conference on the disagreeing votes.
The bill came back with that message; the
new amendments made by the House of Rep-
resentatives were not read, and the conference
asked for by the House was agreed to by the
Senate, and the conference committee was
raised.
Mr. HAMLIN. I desire to detain the Senate
but a single moment. I do not propose to go into
a discussion of this matter, but I wish to state
what is my recollection of the practice of the
Senate. First, let me say I can have no earthly
doubt that it is not competent for a committee
of conference to introduce one single new word
of matter into their report. That which has
been concurrently agreed to by both branches
certainly cannot be changed by a committee
of conference. The decisions of this body on
that point are as plenty as autumnal leaves.
One would suppose, then, that ought to be sat-
isfactory. But when I come to the other side
of the question, your conference committees
have time and time again incorporated new
matter into their reports; we have had full
knowledge of it; we have passed them and the
new matter has become a law. The precedent,
therefore, of the Senate is just what the will of
the Senate is upon the given subject before it,
and it is nothing else. It is this to-day, and
it will be that to-morrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope not.
Mr. HAMLIN. Well, sir, it is so, and I
now call to mind—I will not name it, but I can
show it to Senators if they want to find it—
where there was an opposition gotten up to
the report of a committee of conference be-
cause they had incorporated new matter in it,
and it was recommitted, and the leading Sen-
ators who made objection to the bill because
new matter was incorporated in it were put
upon the committee of conference, and they
reported it back with the precise amendment
in it, and it was agreed to by the Senate. That
case has existed since I have been here.
So this matter of precedent can be quoted
both ways in numerous eases, but the law is as
I have stated it, in my judgment; and the law
has a reason for it: when we have agreed to a
long bill concurrently with the House and there
are sundry amendments on which we have dis-
agreed and it goes to a committee of conference,
the question upon the report of that committee
is taken in the whole. Now, if they incorpo-
rate new matter in the bill, they may compel
me to vote for an amendment of new matter to
which I am opposed,or to vote against a hundred
other propositions in the main bill that I know
ought to be passed for the welfare of the coun-
try, and they put me in that condition. There-
fore no new matter ought, in my judgment, ever
to be incorporated in a conference committee's
report; and yet it is done, I repeat, over and
over again.
Mr. COLE. My friend, the Senator from
Illinois, complains that the Senate was not
satisfied of the amendments that were incor-
porated in this bill by the House after it was
returned there, and jast prior to their asking
for a committee of conference. 1 have to
state, in reply to that, that the bill was as
much open to inspection of the Senator from
Illinois and any other Senator as it was to any
member of the Committee on Appropriations.
It remained on the Secretary's desk all the
while and was not referred; and 1 will add
that it is a very unusual thing to refer a bill to a
committee after a conference has been asked.
I know of no such case in my experience here,
although such oases may have happened. The
modification of the amendments of the Senate
made by the House were not examined into
particularly, pei'haps, by any member of the
Senate. I infer that they were not looked
into by the Senator from Illinois. I did not
notice them particularly. Of course we all
look at the Globe, and some of us see what
has taken place in the House in reference to
any bill that may b© under eonsiderationtfaere.
So fax, I was acquainted with what was iii the
