1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
33
and Iowa, each three additional members ;
the States of Massachusetts, New York, Mary-
land, Virginia, North Carolina, South Caro-
lina, Alabama, Mississippi, California, and
Minnesota, each one additional member ; and
the State of Illinois five additional members.
The third section provides that the additional
members to which such States are by this act
entitled in the Forty-Second Congress shall be
elected at a general election in such States,
eacii State electing by general ticket the num-
ber to which it is entitled ; provided, that if
in any of said States no election is provided
for by law for the year 1871, then, in such case,
the election shall be held at such time as may
be provided by ihe Legislature of the State;
and in case the Legislature doe3 not make pro-
vision for such election, then it shall be held
on the day fixed by the Governor of the State
by public proclamation, at least sixty days
before the same takes place.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I move to strike out
the following:
Sec. 2. That the following States shall be entitled
to members of Ihe House of Representatives, in ad-
dition to the number now allowed by law, for and
during the Forty-Second Congress, as lollows: the
States of New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Georgia, Texas,
Wisconsin, and Kansas, each two additional mem-
bers; the States ot Missouri, Michigan, and Iowa,
each three additional members; theState3 of Massa-
chusetts, New York, Maryland,Virginia, North Car-
olina, South Carolina, Alabama, Mississippi, Cali-
fornia and Minnesota, each one additional member;
and the State of Illinois live additional members.
Sec. 3. That the additional members to which such
States are by this act entitled in the Forty-Second
Congress shall be elected at a general election in
such States, each State electing by general ticket
the number to which it is entitled; Provided, That
if i any of said States no election is provided for by
law for the year 1871, then, in such case, the election
shall be held at such time as may be provided by the
Legislature of the State; and in case the Legislature
does not make provision tor such election, then it
shall be held on the day fixed by the Governor of
the State by public proclamation, at least sixty days
before the same takes place.
Mr. BINGHAM. Why strike them out?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let us have the
question on that motion before we proceed
any further.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I also move to amend
section one, linethirty five, by inserting " one"
after "eighty;" so the proviso will then read;
Provided, That if, after such apportionment shall
have been made, any new State shall be aimitted
into the Union, the Representative or Represent-
atives of such new State shall be additional to the
number of two hundred and eighty-one herein
limited.
Mr. MeNEELY. T ask my colleague not
to press that amendment until some other
amendments have bjen made and acted on.
I make ihe suggestion for this reason: the
bill provides for two hundred and eighty mem-
bers. Now, the State of Missouri has a frac-
tion of eighty-seven thousand and over, which
should certainly entitle her to another addi-
tional member, if eighty-one thousand would
entitle the State of Rhode Island to a mem-
ber. According to this bill, and according to
any bill fixing the number of members in this
House at two hundred and eighty members,
we will have to give the State of Rhode Island
two members for a fraction of eighty-one
thousand. The State of Missouri is certainly
entitled to a member for the fraction of over
eighty-seven thousand, I wish, to move to
amend this bill in the twenty-third line of sec-
tion one, by striking out "twelve" after the
words "State of Missouri" and inserting
"thirteen;'' so as to give the State of Mis-
souri one member for that fraction of over
eighty-seven thousand.
By looking at this bill you will find that the
State of Rhode Island has been given one
member for a fraction of eighty-one thousand
Why not give the State of Missouri one for
the fraction of eighty-seven thousand ? I
am opposed, therefore, to acting on the
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois
until after we shall have fixed the number to
which the several States are entitled. It will
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 3.
be seen that this bill has been hastily drawn
up, and some amendment ought to be made
to the first part of it by making the necessary
changes. If one member be taken from Rhode
Island and one added to Missouri, of course
the number will be the same. We had better,
I think, fix that first.
Mr. MEROUR. I desire to present a sub-
stitute for the pending bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. Before the gentleman
proceeds will he allow me to ask him a ques-
tion ?
Mr. MERCUR. Certainly.
Mr. MAYNARD. There has been placed
on our desks a very elaborate table in regard
to the apportionment of Representatives under
the census. I would ask the gentleman if he
is aware whether this table is issued by author-
ity, or whence it emanates?
Mr. MERCUR. It does not profess on its
face to be issued by the authority of any
Department. I believe that in that table the
population is correctly stated, but the ratio
of the number of Representatives to which
each State will be entitled is very arbitrarily
deduced. It does not appear to be determ-
ined upon any fixed or general rule, as I will
explain more fully hereafter.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mebcur] will
allow me to interrupt him, I will state with
regard to this table that I know it has been
prepared at the Census Bureau ; fori received
an advance sheet of it from the Superintend-
ent of the Census himself some days ago, and, I
have every reason to believe, rather in opposi-
tion to what my friend from Pennsylvania
says, that the calculations of the table are
correct.
Mr. MERCUR. After my substitute is
read I will take occasion to explain it more
fully to the Ho*se.
The substitute offered by Mr. Mercur was
read. It provides, in its first section, that from
and after the 3d day of March, 1873, the House
of Representatives shall be composed of two
hundred and eighty members, to be appor-
tioned among the several States in accordance
with the provisions of this act, that is to say
within the State of Maine, five ; within the
State of New Hampshire, two; within the
State of Vermont, two ; within the State of
Massachusetts, eleven ; within the State of
Rhode Island, two ; within the State of Con-
necticut, four; within the State of New York,
thirty-two ; within the State of New Jersey,
seven; within the State of Pennsylvania,
twenty six ; within the State of Delaware,
one; within the State of Maryland, six;
within the State of Virginia, nine ; within
the State of North Carolina, eight; within
the State of South Carolina, five ; within
the State of Georgia, nine; within the
State of Alabama, seven; within the State of
Mississippi, six; witlain the Slate of Louisiana,
five; within the State of Ohio, nineteen; within
the State of Kentucky, ten: within the State
of Tennessee, nine; within the State of Indi-
ana, twelve; within the State of Illinois, eight-
een; within the State of Missouri, twelve;
within the State of Arkansas, four; within the
State of Michigan, nine; within the State of
Florida, one; within the State of Texas, six ;
within the State of Iowa, nine; within the
State of Wisconsin, eight; within the State of
California, four; within the State of Minne-
sota. three; within the State of Oregon, one;
within the State of Kansas, three; within the
State of West Virginia, three; within the State
of Nevada, one; within the State of Nebraska,
one; provided, that if, after such apportion-
ment shall have been made, any new State
shall be admitted into the Uniou, the Repre-
sentative or Representatives of such new State
shall be additional to the number of two hun-
dred and eighty herein limited.
The substitute provides, in its second section,
that in each State entitled under this law to
more than one Representative, the number to
which said States may be entitled in the Forty-
Third and each subsequent Congress shall be
elected by districts composed of contiguous
territory equal in number to the number of
Representatives to which said States may be
entitled in Congress, no one district electing
more than one Representative ; provided, that
in the election of Representatives to the Forty-
Third Congress in any State, which by this
law is given an increased number of Repre-
sentatives, the additional Representative or
Representatives allowed to such State may be
elected by the State at large, and the other
Representatives to which the State is entitled,
by the districts as now prescribed by law in
said State, unless the Legislature of said State
shall otherwise provide before the time fixed
by law for the election of Representatives
therein.
The third section provides that all acts and
parts of acts iu conflict with the provisions of
this act are hereby repealed.
Mr. MERCUR. If the House will give me
its attention, I will endeavor briefly to explain
this bill, and the differences between the two
bills. This bill was carefully considered by
the Judiciary Committee of the last House.
In determining the number of members that
should be fixed, regard was had to the pre-
vious action of this House, as well as the
action of the Senate. It will be remembered
by gentlemen who were members of the last
Congress, that either at the first or the second
seiSion this House passed a bill fixing the num-
ber of members at two hundred and seventy-
five. It was sent to the Senate and amended
by the Senate, the number being fixed at
three hundred members. The House failed
to act upon the amended bill during that ses-
sion. At the last session of the last Congress
it was again carefully considered, and our com-
mittee fixed upon two hundred and eighty as
the proper number which we would recom-
mend to this House, and that is the number
designated in the bill which I have offered as
a substitute. In arriving at this figure we
take as the ratio of representa'ion the num-
ber of 187,800 persons, and dividing the popu-
lation of each State by that number, we arrive
at a result of something less than two hundred
and eighty members. But by giving another
member to each State which has a fraction
greater than one half of 137,800, the whole
number of members is brought up to just two
hundred and eighty.
The House will observe that we have acted
upon general rules. Wherever a fraction was
less than otie half the number, we have made
no allowance for it to the particular State, but
wherever the fraction was greater than one
half the number, we have given the State hav-
ing such excess an additional member; thus
reaching in the aggregate the number of two
hundred and eighty members. Under this
general provision, then, the representation of
the States will be left in this manner : the only
States whose representation will be lessened
are the States of New Hampshire and Ver-
mont. It was deemed advisable, so far as we
could, not to suffer any States unnecessarily
to lose any portion of their representation upon
this floor, and by this bill those two States
alone each lose one member. The States of
Maine, Rhode Island, Connecticut, Delaware,
Louisiana, Ohio, Florida, Oregon, West Vir-
ginia, Nevada, and Nebraska will each retain
their present representation upon this floor.
The States of Massachusetts. Now York, Mary-
land, Virginia, North Carolina. South Caro-
lina, Alabama, Mississippi, Kentucky, Ten-
nessee, Indiana, Arkansas, California, and
Minnesota will each gain one over their present
representation. The States of New Jersey,
Pennsylvania, Georgia, Texas, Wisconsin, and
Kansas will each gain two members over their
present representation. The States of Mis-
souri, Michigan, and Iowa will each gain three,
and the State of Illinois will gain four.
The distinction between the substitute which
