930
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
65, noes 34 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. KELLOGG demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Kellogg
and Mr. Du Bosk were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 81, noes 20.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
The bill being engrossed, was accordingly
read the third time, and passed.
Mr. KELLOGG moved to reconsider the
vo-te by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
albert w. gray.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts, from-the
Committee on Patents, reported a bill (H: II.
No. 1416) for the relief of Albert W. Gray;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that Albert
W. Gray, of Middletown, in the State of Ver-
mont, have leave to make a new application
to the Commissioner of Patents for the exten-
sion of letters patent granted to him for an
improvement in horse-powers on the 9th day
of September, 1856, and afterward reissued on
the 1st day of July, 1862, and tbat the Com-
missioner of Patents be authorized to con-
sider and determine the application in the
same manner and with the same effect as if it
were an original application for such extension
duly filed within the time required by law and
no application therefor had heretofore been
made; provided that in case such extension
shall be granted, all persons who, between the
date of the expiration of the original patent
and the date of such extension, have con-
structed or caused to be constructed or used
said improvement in horse-powers, shall be at
liberty during said extended term to use and
to vend to others to use said improvement in
horse-powers so constructed or used.
Mr. MAYNARD. I ask that the report be
read.
The report states that letters-patent were
issued to Albert YV. Gray, on the 9th day of
September, 1856, and reissued on the 1st of
July, 1862, for an improvement in horse-pow-
ers. Within the time required by law Gray
made his application to the Commissioner for
an extension of his patent; but in his applica-
tion, through inadvertence, mistake, and want
of proper knowledge of the requirements of
law, omitted to state "under oash the ascer-
tained value of the invention." The Commis-
sioner of Patents, on account of this omission
alone, refused to extend the patent, and his
decision being made too late for Gray to file a
new application within the time required by
law, he at once petitioned Congress for leave
to make a new application for the extension
of his patent. The committee finds that this
omission to-state " under oath the ascertained
value of the invention" was not one involving
the merits of the case, and that the same would
have been inserted m ihe original application
had Giay deemed it necessary, or had he been
correctly informed of the requirements of law.
The passage of the accompanying bill is there-
fore recommended.
The SPEAKER. The question is on order-
ing the bill to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. NIBLACK. I think we should have
some statement from the gentleman having
charge of the bill. The report has been im-
perfectly heard. I have had some experience
m the matter of extending patents, and of all
the applications for the extension of patents
during the last generation, I think it is safe to
say not more than one out of every hundred
has any merit. This patentee has had already
twenty-one years.
Mr.- KELLOGG. Only fourteen years.
- - Mr. N ffiLACK. I am mistaken, then ; but
I am against this, anyhow. [Laughter.-] Iain
told the case to which my attention was di-
rected has passed. I am sorry for it. I will
make a parliamentary inquiry: has the usual
motion to reconsider and lay upon the table
been made in that case ?
The SPEAKER. It was, by the gentleman
from Connecticut, who had charge of the bill.
Mr. NIBLACK. I am sorry for it; other-
wise I should have made the motion to recon-
sider.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
george w. morse.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Patents, also reported a bill
(H. R. No. 1417) for the relief of George W.
Morse; which was read a first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the Com-
missioner of Patents to exercise jurisdiction
over the petition of George W. Morse for an
extension of two letters-patent granted to him
October 28, 1856, for a further term of seven
years from the day on which said extension
may be granted, and to hear the testimony of
the applicant, and to determine upon the peti-
tion in the same manner and with the same
effect as if the original term of said patent, or
of any foreign patents concerning the same
inventions, had not expired ; and to grant or
refuse such extension upon the same principles
otherwise that govern his decisions upon such
applications when made under the law of July
8, 1870; provided that no person shall be held
liable for the infringement of said patents, if
extended, for making use of said inventions
sincfe the expiration of the original term of
said patents, and prior to the date of their
extension.
Mr. MAYNARD. 'Is there any report in
this case ?
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. There is
a report, and I request the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read ihe report, which states that
on the 28th of October, 1856, two letlters-patent
were issued to George W. Morse, one for an
improvement in breech-loading fire-arms, and
one for an improvement in cartridges; that
from the year 185G to 1861 he expended annu-
ally large sums of money in experimenting
upon, perfecting, and seeking to introduce his
inventions into use. but did not realize there-
from a sum sufficient to compensate for the
amounts expended upon said inventions; that
upon the breaking out of the rebellion he waj,
and for many; years had been, a citizen of the
Slate of Louisiana, was the owner of a plant-
ation and other property in that State, and
although opposed to a dissolution of the Union,
yet as all his property was in the South, and as
the United States Government was powerless
to protect him in the possession of his prop-
erty, and fearing confiscation in his absence,
he remained in the South during the rebellion,
and devoted himself to the protection of his
property and the care of his wife, children,
and two widowed sisters, doing nothing with
his patent interests, although the confederate
authorities offered to adopt his inventions, and
urged him to take charge of their manufacture
at one of their armories ; that near the close of
the war alargeamouDt of his cotton and some of
his buddings were burned by the confederates,
which, with the loss of other property during
the war, left him in such embarrassed circum-
stances as to prevent him-from developing his
inventions or from realizing anything there-
from to the present time; that within the time
required by law Morse filed his application for
a renewal of hiwpitteuts,-but within six days of
the time of their expiration the Commissioner
of Patents notified the attorney of Moiae
that an affidavit of Morse was required to
show whether facts and circumstances justi-
fied him in absenting himself from the North
during the war; that Morse, beingabsent, failed
to receive the notice of the Commissioner in
time to comply with his requirements before
the expiration of the patents. The Committee
on Patents, being of opinion that it was through
no neglect of Morse that liis affidavit-was not
filed, recommend the passage of the accom-
panying bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Brooksj to
answer a question in connection with this case.
As I heard the report read, it did not slate
categorically and directly whether this Morse
was or was not loyal to the Government of ihe
United States during the war. If I under-
stood it correctly, it states that he remained
iu the South during the war, and refused to
go into the confederate service as a mechanic;
but it does not say whether he was loyal to
the United States Government or not. As I
make out from the report his application was
rejected because he did not show that he had
been loyal during the war.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I am not
aware that it is at all material whether this
applicant was or was not loyal during the war.
I am not aware that there is any siatute of the
United States, or any regulation of the Patent
Office, that would prevent a man who had
been at the head of a confederate army dur-
ing the war from coming here at the present
time and getting a patent renewed.
Mr. MAYNAR-D. Tbat was not the point
of my inquiry.
Mr. BROOKS, of Massachusetts. I am
coming to your question. The facts are these:
this Mr. Morse had been an inhabitant of the
State of Louisiana for a great number of
years—some twenty or twenty-five years. In
1856 he invented what he supposed to be an
improvement in breech-loading fire arms, and
also an improvement in cartridges. He was
for a number of years getting his improve-
ment perfected, and in 1856 letters-patent wero
granted to him. Prom that lime up to the
time of the breaking out of the rebellion he was
engaged in perfecting and getting his inven-
tion into use. Upon the breaking out of the
rebellion he was left in this way; he had held
office in the State of Louisiana ; he bad accu-
mulated considerable property; he owned a
valuable plantation, and his wife, children,
and two widowed sisters were there. At the
breaking out of the rebellion he was a loyal
man. He regretted the steps that were taken
for the dissolution of the Union; but at the
breaking out of the war, for the purpose of
protecting his property from confiscation and
-taking care of his wife and children and others
dependent on him, he went back to the State
of Louisiana. He was during the war a loyal
man. The confederate authorities, knowing
that he was a good mechanic, and that he had
this invention iu fire-arms, came to him and
tried to induce him to go into their manu-
facture, and take the charge of one of their
armoiies. This he refused to do. Near the
close of the war he had a large quantity of
cotton, a cotton-gin house, and a good deal
of other property burned by the confederates
to prevent it getting into Federal hands; and,
with other property lost, he was left, at tlio
close of the war, in almost a penniless condi-
tion. As soon as he was able, after he had
retrived his lost fortune somewhat, he came
to Washington, and, within the time required
by law, filed his application for an extension
ot the patent, and supposed he had complied
with all the requirements of the law, and that
it would be all right. Bat within six days
from the time the patent expired his attorney
was notified that the patentee must- make his
affidavit giving some reason why he absented
himself from the North during the war.- The
