34.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 6,
I have just presented and the bill called up by
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth]
is in reference to the State of Illinois. The
substitute which I have offered gives to his
State one less than the bill which he has asked
to have put upon its passage. In preparing
this substitute we have not sought to frame it
in the interest of any particular State, but
have settled it upon general rules and princi-
ples, giving to each State which has a fraction
greater than a moiety an additional member,
and withholding it from all those States who
have not a fraction greater than a moiety.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. On that point I
desire to ask the gentleman how his statement
agrees with the representation accorded to
Missouri by his bill? I find that our fraction
is greater than a moiety; but we do not get
credit for that fraction in the gentleman's bill.
VVe are entitled to thirteen members, but his
bill gives us oniy twelve.
Mr. MERCUR. Our bill fixes the ratio of
representation at 137,800. This circular or
tabular statement which has been laid upon
our tables fixes the ratio of representation at
126,129, and therein lies the difference.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. It is only a ques-
tion of division, I suppose?
Mr. MERCUR. If the ratio is less, of
course the fraction will be greater.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. No, sir; the num-
ber of Representatives is the same, two hun-
dred and eighty.
Mr. MERCOR. It is very true that the
whole number is the same, but there is a dif-
ference between assuming as the ratio for a
Representative 137,800 persons on the one
hand, and 130,119 upon the other hand.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Is not the result
arrived at in each case by dividing the whole
population by 280?
Mr. MERCUR. No, sir ; I beg the gen-
tleman's pardon, but if he had done me the
honor to follow my remarks, he would have
seen how we ariived at a different result. This
is the way in which it. was done: I take the
P^Pu'ati°ii of each State and divide it by
lo7,800, and that leads to the result which we
have arrived at in the bill I present. We do
not take the whole population of the United
States and divide it up.
Mr. t ARNSW ORl'H. Will the gentleman
answer me a question?
Mr. MERCUR. Certainly I will.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Upon the gentle-
mau s basis of 137,800 persons to a member,
how many members will that give altogether?
Mr. MLRCUR. _ I will answer the gentle-
man from Illinois, if he will first permit me to
conclude my answer to the gentleman from
Missouri.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Certainly.
Mr. MERCUR. The gentleman from Mis-
souri desired to know how large the fraction of
Missouri would be. Now, taking the popula-
tion of Missouri, which is 1,721,235, aud divid-
ing it by 137,800, it leaves them a fraction of
67,095, and you wili observe that 07,695 is not
one halt of 137,800 and, therefore, we do not
ala>w them an additional number.
Mr. FIN KELNB CJRG. One more question.
How do you airive at the ratio of 137,800?
Mr. MERCUR. I arrived at it in the first
place somewhat arbitrarily. The object was
to koop the whole number as low as two hun-
dred and eighty, and yet to give to each State
that had a traction greater than a moiety a
member for that fraction.
Now I will answer the gentleman from Illi-
n°«' rePeat his question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How many mem-
V^oaa1 lllere be altogether upon a basis of
137,800 to a member?
Mr. MERCUR. Without making any allow-
ance for fractions?
Mr. lARNSWORTII. The Question is,
how many times does 137,800 go into the
entire population of the United States?
Mr. MEdiClJU. I have not- made the cal-
culation this session, but, if my memory serves
me right, it would go about two hundred and
seventy-six times, being four less than the
aggregate number of members we propose.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then the four others
are arrived at arbitrarily ?
Mr. MERCUR. Those fractions in the
aggregate get a little more than their repre-
sentation. In other words, the aggregate
amount of fractions above the ratio is consid-
erably more than the aggregate amount of
fractions less than the ratio.
Mr. WILLARD. I would inquire with what
view the number of 280 was selected?
Mr. MERCUR. I stated in my remarks at
first that it was done out of regard to the
action of both Houses of Congress at a pre-
vious session. Another view was to endeavor
to so frame the bill that as few States as possi-
ble should have their representation lessened
in this House. Under this bill only two States
have their number lessened.
I will now proceed to refer to the statement
found upon our tables, and to answer the in-
quiry made by the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Maynard.]
This statement, under the head of two hun-
dred and eighty members, fixing the ratio of
apportionment at 136,119, is purely arbitrary.
It lays down no general rules in reference to
fractions, or in reference to Representatives.
Gentlemen who have this table before them
will observe on looking at it that in the State
of Arkansas there is a fraction of 76,114 after
three members have been assigned to it, which
fraction is much greater than the half of the
ratio of representation; and yet thisstatement
makes no allowance to Arkansas for that
large fraction. Then, passing the eye down
the column to the State of Rhode Island, there
will be found a fraction of 81,234. Yet the
statement makes no allowance whatever to
Rhode Island for that large fraction of popu-
lation, cutting down the representation of the
State to one^member only, and ignoring alto-
gether the fractional population, very much
greater than one half of the assumed ratio.
I know not who procured this statement to
be made, nor in what interest it is prepared,
but certain ifc is, tliafe it does not go upon any
general rule giving an additional Representa-
tive to a State that has a fraction greater than
one half of the ratio, and withholding from
States that have less than such fraction. It
does give to the State of Illinois an additional
Representative for its fraction greater than one
half the ratio. If my hasty reading is correct
of the bill the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
JJarxsworth] is advocating, then, so far as
representation is concerned, my bill is sub-
stantially the same as his; but "both of them
are clear departures from the inequality that
appears in the statement that has been laid
upon our tables.
Now, in addition to this principle, which I
believe to be justto all the States, the bill I
present as a substitute provides for some other
contingencies. It is known to members of
tnis House thatin some of the States they have
only biennial sessions of the Legislature, and
m some of those States their Legislatures will
not meet this winter unless they are specially
convened for this purpose. Hence I have pre-
pared a section providing that in any State
that may have its representation increased un-
der this bill, and that shall not be redistricted
before next autumn, then next fall, at the
one election, and one election only, they may
elect such additional member or members by
a vote of the State at large, but requiring them
at all subsequent elections to conform to a Gen-
eral rule by which each district shall elect by
a separate vote._ It strikes me that i„ a pro-
vision which is just and wise, and which will
save those S.aies that have only biennial ses-
sions of their Legislatures the great and un-
necessary expense of convening their Legiela-
A trenl °„r letPU-??Se of ***«' <*«* theStates.
At ail events, it leaves it optional with them
to do so, and does not make it obligatory upon
them.
I believe I have presented the prominent
points and features in which my substitute
differs from the bill of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farnswortii.] As I have
already stated, it received the careful consid-
eration of the committee of the last Congress
in which it was perfected, and I believe that
if passed it will do justice to all parts of the
country.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I desire to ask the
gentleman one more question ; whether it is
not the fact that in the circular which has been
placed upon the desk of every member, the
ratio of representation for two hundred and
eighty members is obtained by dividing the
total population of the United States by 280
while the ratio employed by the gentleman 13
an arbitrary one ?
Mr. MERCUR. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Finkelnburg] can see as well as I
can, and has had as ample opportunity as I
have had to see from the statement before him
how the ratio is arrived at. The heading for
two hundred and eighty members assumes the
ratio of 136,119.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Is not that obtained
by dividing the whole population of the United
States by 280 ?
Mr. MERCUR. I think not,
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I think it is.
Mr. MERCUR. Our thoughts differ; the
gentleman is entitled to his, and 1 to mine.
Mr. N1BLACK obtained the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
yield to me?
Mr. NIBLACK. For a few minutes, I will,
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand that
the only difference between the bill of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Merccr] and
the bill under consideration by this Commit-
tee of the Whole, and which is the bill of my
late colleague, Mr. Cook, not now a member
of this House, is this: the bill before this
committee allows the State of Illinois nine-
teen members, while the bill of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania allows that State'but eight-
een members. That is really the difference
between the two bills, barring a provision or
two at the conclusion of the bill of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, which are probably
proper enough. •
Now, in order to get at the conclusion at
which he has arrived, he has arbitrarily made
j!lratio or basis 137,800 of population, thus
differing from the method by which my late
colleague arrived at his conclusion, and from
the method by which the Census Bureau has
arrived at the conclusion presented in this
table, in this : that they take the whole popu-
lation, and by a simple division arrive at a
basis, letting tbedivision carry them wherever
it may, logically, mathematically, and arith-
metically. Now, itwilibeseen by these tables
that under the system or method by which the
Census Bureau hasfigured out its conclusions,
the State of Illinois has a fraction of eighty-
nine thousand and upward beyond the eight-
een members to which it is entitled by the even
numbers; that, dividing the whole population
of the United States by 280, the basis of rep-
resentation is ^136,110. Thus it is seen that
the btate of Illinois, having as an excess a
fraction of 89,700, has much more than a
moiety of the number entitling it to a member,
much more than half of 136,11s.
As to the case of Missouri, which lias been
referred to by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Mercuk,] I think myself that Mis-
souri ought to have another member. Missouri,
like Illinois, has a fraction larger than a moiety
ot the number entitling it to a member. In
that respect, however, ihe gentleman's bill and
. ' Rook's bill arc alike; for both of them
give Missouri but twelve members. Both gen-
tlemen have fallen into the same error in this
regard, and a like error to that in the lable. I
snail therefore move to amend the bill by giv-
