1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2728
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. Then let it go
upon the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
placed on the Calendar.
Mr. WRIGHT, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
William Alcorn, praying compensation for
damages to property in Jefferson City, Mis-
souri, during the late war, asked to be dis-
charge from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the memorial of L. C. P. Cow-
per, of Virginia, praying compensation for the
destruction of his library by the troops of the
United States, asked to be discharged from its
further consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Barnard Hess,
praying to be reimbursed for certain moneys
expended in the line of his duties as an officer
of the internal revenue department, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 166) for the re-
lief of David Braden, reported it without
amendment, and submitted a report thereon ;
which was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. Annie Dorsey
Reeves, of New Castle, Delaware, prayingcom-
pensation for the use and occupation of her
house and property in Charleston, South Caro-
lina, by the United States forces under the
direction of the Freedmen's Bureau, asked to
be discharged from its further consideration ;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2027) for the
relief of William Howard, reported it with-
out amendment.
Mr. AMES, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 1773) for the relief of Andrew J. Jemison,
reported it adversely, and asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration ; which
was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of S. S. Barnes, ask-
ing the payment of $550, the value of the sub-
sistence supplies used by the Army in the Ter-
ritory of Colorado, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 996) to repeal so
much of section six of an act making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the
year ending June 30, 1870, and for other pur-
poses, approved March 3, 1869, as prohibits
promotions in the staff departments of the
Army, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 627) to place colored persons who enlisted
in the Army on the same footing as other sol-
diers as to bounty and pensions, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. SCOTT, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Caleb II.
Blood, praying to be reimbursed for certain
expenses incurred while United States consul
at Monterey, Mexico, and expenses incurred
in forwarding troops to the Army of the Uni-
ted States and assistance to escaped prisoners
of war and paroled prisoners of war, submitted
an adverse report thereon, and asked to be dis-
charged from its further consideration.
The report was ordered to be printed, and
the committee was discharged.
Mr. SCOTT. I am instructed by the select
Committee on Alleged Outrages in Southern
States to report back the memorial of Edward
A. Pollard on the condition of affairs in the
southern States, and to state that congressional
action is inexpedient and unnecessary, and ask
to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the subject.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT. I am also instructed by the
same committee to report back the resolution
of the Legislature of South Carolina against
the removal of military forces now in that
State, with the statement that further action
by Congress is now unnecessary, and asking
to be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the subject.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. WEST, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 475) for the relief of Selah V.
Reeve, late quartermaster sergeant of the
fourth Michigan infantry volunteers, reported
it without amendment.
MRS. FRANCES A. M'KINNEY.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask permission to sub-
mit a report from a committee of conference
which I believe contains no new matter, and
will take but a minute.
The Chief Clerk read the report, as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 1866) for the relief of
Mrs. Frances A. McKinney, having met, after full
and free conference haye agreed to recommend, and
do recommend, to their respective Houses, that the
Senate recede from their amendment to the bill.
LYMAN TRUMBULL,
JOHN SCOTT,
T. W. OSBORN,
Managertt on the part of the Senate.
CHARLES A. ELDREDGE.
BENJAMIN P. BUTLER,
JOHN A. PETERS,
Managers on the part of the Motive.
Mr. COLE. I do not understand the tenor
of that amendment at all. We are left entirely
in the dark about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will inform the Senator
that a bill passed the House for the relief of
Mrs. McKinney, allowing her one year's salary
of her deceased husband, who was United
States district judge in Florida, and died of
yellow fever. The Senate amended the bill
by providing that the whole amount of the
allowance should be for only one year includ-
ing what had already beeu paid. The House
disagreed to that amendment, and we had a
conference on the subject. On the whole, the
committee concluded, if we were to pay any-
thing, we might as well let the whole year's
salary go. It is aquestion between $1,200 aad
$3,500.
The report was concurred in.
ST. JOSEPH BRIDGE COMPANY.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 1014) to authorize the St.
Joseph Bridge-Building Company to mortgage
its bridge, with the appurtenances and the
franchises relating thereto, have instructed me
to report it back with an amendment, and to
ask forits immediate consideration. The Sen-
ator from Missouri [Mr. Blair] will state how
important immediate action is to the company.
The bill is merely a verbal amendment, to a
bill passed a short time since.
Mr. BLAIR. This bill simply provides that
this company may have the right to mortgage
their bridge according to the laws of the State
of Missouri. They have already expended
$500,000 upon the bridge, but lind themselves
unable to obtain the money to iinish it without
having this power.
Mr. RAMSEY. We passed a bill on this
subject about a month ago> and this is simply
a verbal amendment to the former bill.
By unanimous consent., the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads report the bill with an amendment., to
strike out a!l after the enacting clause, and to
insert in lieu thereof the following:
That the first section of the act entitled " An act
to authorize the construction of a bridge across the
Missouri river, at or near St. Joseph, Missouri,
approved March 5,1872. be, and the same is hereby,
amended so as to read as follows:
Be it enacted, Sc., That itsfaall b© lawful lor tho
St. Joseph Bridge-Building Company, a corpora-
tion organized for that purpose under the general cor-
poration laws of the State of Missouri, or its assigns,
to construct a bridge across the Missouri river at or
near St. Joseph, Missouri, and to lay on and over
said bridge railway tracks for the more perfect con-
nection of any and all railways that are now, or which
may hereafter be, constructed to the Missouri river
at or near St. Joseph, or to the river on the opposite
side of the same, near St. Joseph; and build, erect,
and lay on and over said bridge ways for wagons,
vehicles of all kinds, and for the transit of animals,
and to provide ways for foot passengers, and to keep
up, maintain, and operate said bridge for the pur-
poses aforesaid; and that when said bridge is con-
structed, all trains of all railroads terminating at
said river, and on the opposite side thereof, at or
near St. Joseph, Missouri, shall be allowed to cross
said bridge for reasonable compensation, to be made
to the owners of the Same, under the limitations and
conditions hereafter named. The owners of said
bridge may also charge and receive reasonable com-
pensation or tolls for the transit over the said bridge
of all wagons, carriages, vehicles, animals, and foot
passengers.
Sec. 2. That the fifth section of the act of which
this is amendatory be, and the same is hereby,
amended, so as to read as follows :
Sec. 5. That the St. Joseph Bridge-Building Com-
pany, after the passage of this act, shall not have
the right to assign the charter which said company
now holds by assignment from the St. Joseph and
Denver City Railroad Company, and which was
granted to said last-named company by virtue of
an act of Congress approved July 14,1870, to any
other company, person, or persons; nor shall said
bridge-building company be permitted, under the
said charter so obtained as aforesaid from the St.
Joseph and Denver City Railroad Company, to con-
struct any other bridge than the one now being con-
structed at St. Joseph, Missouri: Provided, however.
That nothing in this section contained shall prevent
the said bridge-building company from mortgaging
said charter and franchises held by it by assignment
from the said railroad company, with the bridge con-
structed or to be constructed thereunder, in tho
manner and for the purposes in and for which the
said bridge-building company is or may be author-
ized by or under the laws of the State of Missouri
to mortgage its property.
Mr. MORTON. That seems to be a some-
what curious amendment. I think the bill
had better go over.
Mr. CONKLING. And be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be printed
and placed on the Calendar.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire permission to say
a word. As I have already stated, this bill is
merely a verbal amendment of a bill passed
last month. It is somewhat long, but there is
nothing particular in it. The two sections of
the bill we passed last month are reproduced
in full in this amendment. In the first section
of the bill the simple words "or its assigns"
are inserted, and the fifth section of the act
to be amended is reproduced again with a pro-
viso providing that nothing in this act shall
prohibit the bridge-building company from
raising money upon mortgage. It does not
say they shall make a mortgage, but being in
some difficulty at the present time in raising
money and completing the bridge, this pro-
viso says they shall not be prohibited from
raising money in that way. I repeat, the bill
is simply a reenactment of the former bill
with some slight verbal amendments.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana desired, however, to look into it
further.
Mr. MORTON. I withdraw the objection.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from New York object?
Mr. CONKLING. I do not like to object;
but I suggest to the Senate that we ought to
kuow in voting for this how much of the
statute as it stands we are merely repeating,
and to what extent we are interposing mod-
ifications. The amendment very likely is in
the most convenient form, but it reproduces
and renews and changes altogether the former
law. It is a matter which I know nothing
about.
Mr. BLAIR. I will state to the Senator
from New York that the only change is that
indicated by the Senator from Minnesota.
The proviso enables the bridge company to
mortgage the bridge for the purpose of its
completion. There is no other change.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, if I understand
my friend from Missouri, it merely recites
the old act, making the addition of which he
speaks?
