2724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
Mr. BLAIR. That is all.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not feel at liberty
to object to it.
The amendment of the committee was
agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the' amendment was con-
curred in. The bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading, was read the third time,
and passed; and its title was amended so as to
read: A bill to amend au act entitled ''An
act to authorize the construction of a bridge
across the Missouri river at or near St. Joseph,
Missouri," approved March 5, 1872.
HEIRS OF B. it. PERKINS.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (8.
No. 765) for the relief of the heirs of the late
Captain B. R. Perkins, of the United States
Army, reported it without amendment.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I ask that that bill
be put upon its passage.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the payment of one
year's pay and allowances to the heirs of Cap-
tain B. R. Perkins, late of the United States
Army, being the amount to which he would
have been entitled had he received notice that
he was honorably mustered out prior to his
death.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Captain Perkins
was a captaiu in the Army, and under the
act of March, 1870, if I remember the date
aright, he was mustered out of service on the
2d day of January, 1871. At that time under
the law he was entitled to one year's pay and
allowances. He was in command of a fort
iu Arizona. Bat he received no notice of his
muster-out during his life. He died on the
7th day of January, six days after the muster-
out here. If he had received notice on the
4th or 5th day of January, or any time pre-
vious to his death, he would have been enti-
tled 10 one year's pay and allowances. Not
receiving that, the accounting officers do not
feel that they can pay it, because he was not
actually mustered out, but died in the service.
This bill proposes to give his heirs precisely
the same rights that they would have had if he
had had notice.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
thiid reading, read the third time, and passed.
ADDITIONAL BILLS INTRODUCED
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1025) to quiet the title to the lands of
the settlers on lands belonging to the West
Wisconsin Railway Company; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee
On Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. C11AG1N asked, and by unanimous con-
sent. obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1026) for the relief of the officers and erew of
the United States ship Vicksburg; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1027) to restore Lazarus L. Reatney to the
Navy of the United States as a midshipman;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
JOSEPH C ABBOTT.
Mr. MORTON. By authority of the Com-
mittee on Privileges and Elections I offer the
following resolution, and ask for its present
consideration, if there be no objection:
Re%olved, That Joseph C. Abbott, late contestant
for a seat m this body trom the State of A'ortii Car-
olina, be allowed his salary from the 4th of March,
1871, up to the 23d of April, 1872, and one mileage
each way.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
AMENDMENT TO TEA AND COFFEE BILL.
Mr. SPRAGUE submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill (H.
R. No. 174) repealing the duty upon tea and
coffee; which was ordered to be printed.
LAKE ST. CROIX BRIDGE.
Mr. HOWE. The business of the morning
hour seems to be transferred to the hour be-
tween one and two o'clock instead of between
twelve and one, and 1 appeal to the Senator
from Pennsylvania on behalf of Senate bill
No. 771. It is to legalize a bridge already
constructed over the St. Croix river, and it is
very important, if it is to pass, that it pass
before navigation opens on that river.
Mr. SCOTT. So far as the Senator appeals
to me, I asked general consent that the morn-
ing business be finished, and as far as I am
concerned, of course, I have no objection.
Mr. COLE. Then let this be the last appeal
of the kind. I desire to give notice that I must
object hereafter.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 671) to authorize the
West Wisconsin Railway Company to keep up
and maintain a bridge for railway purposes
across Lake St. Croix at the city of Hudson,
in the State of Wisconsin.
The bill was reported by the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, with amend-
ments.
The first amendment was to insert, after the
word " rafts," in the twelfth line of section
one, the words "that the draw to said bridge
shall be opened promptly, upon reasonable
signal, for the passage of boats."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines twenty-
one, twenty-two, and twenty-three of section
one, to strike out the words "judge of the
United States district court for the western
district of Wisconsin " and insert the words
" Secretary of War;" so that the clause will
read :
And all railroad companies desiring to use said
bridge shall have and be entitled to use and ruo their
trains over the same, as now built and track laid over
it and its approaches, under and upon such terms,
rental, or remuneration, first to be fixed by the
Secretary of "War.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out at
the end of the first section the following
clause:
But Congress reserves the right to direct the ne-
cessary modifications and alterations of said bridge,
should it at any time substantially and materially
of unnecessarily obstruct the navigation of said
stream.
And insert as additional sections the fol-
lowing :
Sec. 2. That the structure herein authorized shall
be built under and subject to such regulations for
the security of the navigation of said river and lake as
the Secretary of War shall prescribe, and the said
structure shall be at all times so kept and managed
as to offer reasonable and proper means for the pas-
sage ot vessels through and under said structure;
and the said structure shall be changed at the cost
and expense of the owners thereof, from time to
time, as Congress may direct, so as to preserve the
free and convenient navigation of said river and
lake; and the authority to erect and continue said
bridge shall be subject to revocation by law when-
ever the public good shall, in the judgment of
Congress, so require.
Sec. 3. That the right to alter or amend this act,
so as to prevent or remove all material obstructions
to the navigation of said river by the construction
of bridges, is hereby expressly reserved.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT. Is this bill recommended
by the War Department?
Mr. HOWE. By the provision of the bill
the bridge is to be maintained under the direc-
tion of the War Department.
Mr. CORBETT. The reason why I inquire
is that we had a similar bill before the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and my impression is
that we reported adversely to the bill. I think
it^ ought to be submitted to the Secretary of
War before it is passed.
Mr. RAMSEY. This bill was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
It has been a matter of some controversy be-
tween the cities on the lake, Hudson in Wis-
consin and Stillwater in Minnesota, which is
six or seven miles above, as to whether the
spaces between the piers were large enough
to accommodate the business on the river.
The Board of Trade at Stillwater, the town
above, and of course most largely concerned
in seeing that all the proprieties were observed
in the building of this bridge, advised with me
and gave me their opiuion as to what these
spaces should be and how the bridge should
be constructed so as to secure their trade.
This bill is framed in accordance with the
advice of the people at Stillwater. No other
parties have taken any interest in the question.
Mr. CASSERLY. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Minnesota a question. I perceive
that the usual clause as to jurisdiction in the
case of nuisances and obstructions is not in
this bill. I ask the Senator from Minnesota
what is the explanation of that omission ?
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not know. I
not the bill • before me now. Possibly the
Senator will find it, as he did the other day
when he was mistaken in another case, in
some other clause of the bill.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator is not quite
right in saying that I was mistaken. I was
mistaken only in part, and that the least ma-
terial part, the other day. But the bill is a
short one, and if the Senator can point out
where there is any clause of jurisdiction over
nuisances and obstructions I should be glad
to see it.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is barely possible that
it may have been omitted by the clerk of the
committee or by the Printer.
Mr. COLE, f call for the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California demands the regular order.
Me. CASSERLY. So far as I am concerned,
if that provision can be inserted now I have
no objection to the bill being passed.
Mr. RAMSEY. The usual provision might
be put in, that any question shall be subject to
the jurisdiction of the district courts of the
two States.
Mr. HOWE. I will have the amendment
prepared by to-morrow morning.
Mr. COLE. I insist on the regular order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the bill
will be returned to its place on the Calendar.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the followings bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 1064) to amend an act
granting a pension to William C. Pickens ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1872) to authorize the
Secretary of the Interior to place the name of
Mary A. Morris, widow of Major General
William W. Morris, upon the pension-roll, at
the rate of fifty dollars per month ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2395) increasing the pen-
sion of Mrs. Jaife W. McKee ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2396) granting a pension
to Martha R. White ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2397) granting a pension
to Margaret C. Gibson ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2398) granting a pension
to Martha G. Rudolph ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2399) granting a pension
to Ada H. McDonald ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2400) granting a pension
to William B. Taylor ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2401) granting a pension
to Margaret Coldwell;
A bill (H. R. No. 2402) granting a pension
to Martha A. Brooks ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2403) granting a pension
to George G. Gardner ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2404) granting a pension
to Elizabeth O'Neill ;
