1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1829
"built," to insert the words "and located;"
in line ten of the same section, after the word
"revocation," to insert the word "modifica-
tion at the end of tho same section, to add
the words "without any expense or charge
to the United States;" and at the end of the
last section of the bill, toadd the words "with-
out any expense or charge to the United
States.''
The amendments were concurred in.
TUB TARIFF BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
resume the consideration of the tariff bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. I73) to
repeal the duties on salt, the pending ques-
tion being on the amendment of Mr. Scott to
the substitute reported by the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, obtained the
floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before tho Senator from
"Vermont proceeds, I desire to give notice that
to-morrow morning I will submit a resolution
similar to that adopted two years ago, pro-
viding that after to-morrow the debate shall
be limited to five or ten minutes, as the Senate
may decide. I give the notice now, so that
any Senator who desires to address the Senate
at length may do so before then.
Mr. CHANDLER. I give notice that I shall
resist this tariff bill, taking it up, or consider-
ing it, or having anything whatever to do with
it, to-morrow, the next day, and every other
day. I consider that the bill ought not to
occupy one single moment oft the time of this
body. I propose to proceed to the consider-
ation of business, and lay this bill on the table
at the very earliest moment it can be done.
Mr. BLAIR. Mr. President 
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I do not pro-
pose to occupy more than a short time, and I
would ra her go on now. If the Senator has
anything special that will not take time——
Mr. BLAIR. I was going to remark that I
did not think it came with good grace from tho
Senator from Ohio, after having made a speech
an hour and a half long, to object to any one
else speaking.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator did not
understand me. I said that after to-morrow
I proposed to limit debate somewhat. It has
been usual to consider tariff bills under a
limited debate. I do not want to cut off any-
body.
Mr. BLAIR. I think that all who speak on
the tariff bill ought to have the same chance
as the Senator from Ohio has had.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator desires to
speak, he can have the floor to-morrow, no
doubt.
Mr. ELAIR. I am not speaking in my own
behalf, but I speak on behalf of Senators who
ought to stand on an equality with the Sena-
tor who reported the bill, and who addressed
the Senate, and made as long a speech as he
desired.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont has obtained the floor to speak
on the bill, and declines to yield further.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, I have not felt it necessary to prepare
any elaborate speech after the opening speeches
that have already been heard in the Senate on
the subject of the tariff. There are so_ many
data necessary to be considered in giving an
opinion upon the questions affecting the rev-
enues and disbursements of a great country
like our own, that it is a marvel to mo to see
with what alacrity and confidence every man
I meet steps forward with statements which a
single year may show to have had so hurried
a birth as to have slaughtered the reputation
of the statesmau or the financier.
In the United States financial predictions
are more perilous than elsewhere, in cotise-
cjuencc of the broad field upon which they
must be based—a field of untiring activity and
commercial enterprise, Btretching across half
the globe and from polar cold to tropical heat,
and linked by trade to the shores of every con-
tinent and to all the islands of the sea, and
more perilous or uncertain now than ever,
because we are lifting up a race of four mil-
lion people from degradation to civilization,
and because we are seeking rest and exemp-
tion from the exhaustion and the burdens
which never fail to incumber and hang upon
the merciless track of war. Labor in the
South is in a transition state—dropping the
fetters of slavery and assuming the responsi-
bilities of freedom—and the sum total of its
products and consumption may confidently be
expected to be largely increased as well as
largely varied.
In all portions of our country the enormous
war issues of paper money gave an artificial
stimulus to many enterprises existing before
the war, as well as to those generated by the
war, and all these cannot be expected to live
and flourish when the application of the stim-
ulus is waning, and has in a large measure
lost its potency. A healthful trade is always
to be hoped for, and yet depressions and vicis-
situdes constantly recur. That none have
sooner occurred must be attributed mainly
to the fact that a war tariff has offered irre-
sistible inducements to labor in all the byways
and avenues of human industry. The courage
and elasticity of the American people are
shown in the magnitude of the length and
expanse of our railroads, largely built within
the last decade, at a cost, up to January 1,
1871, of $2,620,000,000. If to this vast sum we
add the cost of the recent war, it will amount
to one h?lf the present assessed value of the
entire property of the United States. And
yet we have already demonstrated that our
national debt, though among the largest, will
be extinguished at a much earlier day than
that, however small, of any Government in
Europe.
Even our present financial difficulty is with
our surplus revenue. The problem is, what
shall wo do with the excess above what we
want for ordinary expenses and a proper dim-
inution of the public debt?
I shall largely curtail what I have to say upon
this fruitful topic by taking refuge behind the
careful estimate of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, as presented in his opening
speech, as to the exact amount of our expected
receipts and expenditures for the coming year.
In round numbers I shall willingly concede,
and it is enough to concede, that we can
safely reduce our revenue to the extent of
$50,000,000. The Secretary of the Treasury
concedes this, although it is partly based upon
the assumed growth and prosperity of tho
country. No competent Secretary of the
Treasury ever runs the risk of the misery and
disgrace which come from a too rosy calcula-
tion of receipts and expenditures. An excess
of the former injures nobody, but an excess
of the latter crushes not only the people, but
the financier. It must bo admitted that the
Treasury of the United States, like the cli-
mate, is subject to great and sudden fluctua-
tions. With our experience here of the facil-
ity with which the mercury drops, we ought
not to drop from our resources more than the
sum of $50,000,000. This point being con-
sidered as settled, the only question remaining
is one of detail.
Nobody wants to pay taxes for the pleasure
it gives, and nobody will refuse to pay neces-
sary taxes, even though it be accompanicd by
a twinge of pain. Nobody expects the perpet-
ual continuance of the extreme duties prop-
erly imposed during war, and nobody is ready
to insult the country now with the direct prop-
osition of free trade. There are two modes
by which our surplus revenues can be easily
curtailed. The fact that heretofore we have
reduced taxation mainly by the removal of
internal revenue duties points out those duties
as most onerous to the people, and in a meas-
ure guides our action now. The fact that the
general sentiment among the people of all
parties points in the same direction cannot
be disregarded, and conclusively proves that
there is no purpose anywhere of abandoning
a tariff for the support of the Government br
of resorting instead to either internal or direct
taxes. The lightest weight which can be im-
posed through internal taxes is felt to be more
oppressive than the heaviest tariff. The uni-
versal desire is to set aside internal taxes, of
whatever sort, as soon as the exigencies of
the Government which called them forth shall
have passed away. They have answered a,
great national purpose, as the reserved power
of the country, and will soon be disbanded
until again wanted.
This proves another thing equally vital; and
that is, that a tariff commensurate with the
wants of Government, when relied upon as our
chief resource, cannot without endangering our
honor be suddenly and largely reduced upon
the great bulk of our importations below its
present stand-point. True, we are earnestly
trying to diminish our expenditures, cutting
off every excrescence possible ; but still the
tariff must remain as our chief resource, and
as such it must be pruned by careful and ten-
der hands. The dead branches may be lopped
off and the whole made to assume a more
symmetrical growth; but the parties who are
blindly flinging their tomahawks at the trunk
deserve to be put in charge of the Quaker
commissioners now laboring to teach the
Indians the arts of peace.
I assume, then, that our internal taxes are
all to be speedily dismissed with the exception
ofthose on tobacco, cigars, spirits, malt liquors,
and possibly stamps. In round numbers we
shall then have parted with one half our sur-
plus, and have $25,000,000 more that can be
spared from the tariff.
I think there is almost universal consent
that a long list of articles, producing only
inconsiderable sums of revenue, and rarely
produced or produceable in our own country,
shall be transferred to the free list. This will
not only cut off revenue not needed, but dimin-
ish the labor and expense of the custom-house
department, and, so far as any raw materials
are included, it will be advantageous to tho
industry of the country. The bill reported by
the committee, in part guided by the report
of the Treasury Department, makes a long
stride in this direction, and yet stopping far
short of what the committee anticipated, be-
cause of the extent and surprising alertness
of American thrift. Hardly an item could be
proposed to be translated to the free list before
it would be found that somewhere in our broad
and happy country it had a home and diligent
nursing, leading to the conviction that no
foundlings are tolerated in American trade.
This accounts for the last amendments of the
committee, which strike off some items from,
the free list as originally reported.
For instance, the committee had supposed
that our supply of emery came exclusively from
Turkey—none two years ago being known to
exist in this country—but we soon struck the
solid grit of the owners of the emery mine in
Hampden county, Massachusetts, which, since
1809, has furnished an unrivaled quality of
emery, and in sufficient abundance to supply
the world. The price in consequence has gone
down from eight cents to five cents per pound.
It was proposed to place phosphorus on the
free list—a pound of which isused for the fuse
of six hundred thousand Iucifer matches—but
Io! a Jerseyman has just embarked all the
earnings of a mature life in this one venture
of making phosphorus, and might succeed it
let alone, giving to us besides a cheaper arti-
cle. It was resolved not to perplex him by
fear of change, and the committee illumined
his path by stiil saying " Letyourlightshine."
Antimony was another of these supposed
orphans that we hardly thought had any hoi e>
