934
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
niiy fund, may be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
There being no objection, it was so ordered,
ELECTION CONTEST BOLES VS. EDWARDS.
Mr. PERCE. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER, The regular order being
called for, the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Hazelton] must proceed.
-Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I have
been anxious to do so for some time.
Mr. MAYNAHD. At what time does the
gentleman propose to call the previous ques-
tion?
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. Iamgoing
to call the previous question as soon as I have
made a brief statement.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk^ will read the
resolution on which the House is called upon
to act.
The Clerk read as follows :
Mesolved, That Thomas Boles is entitled to the
seat in thoJForty-Second Congross as Representative
from the third district of the State ot Arkansas, now
occupied by John Edwards.
, Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I desire,
Mr. Speaker, to occupy the attention of the
House but a moment in discussing this case.
The report briefly sets forth the grounds upon
which the committee have arrived at the con-
clusion embodied in the resolution just read.
I may say that the committee are unanimous
in recommending ihe adoptkm of that resolu-
tion. The computation made by the commit-
tee shows that even upon the admission of the
testimony which the sitting member desired
should be admitted and considered, the con-
testant is entitled to the seat. I call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Hazelton] is entitled to an hour
to close debate.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I yield
thirty minutes to the gentleman from Arkan-
sas, [Mr. Edwards.]
Mr. EDWARDS. I ask that the Clerk read
the report made in this case.
The Clerk read as follows :
The question submitted to the committee in this
case is a very simple one, and the committee are
unanimous in the conclusion reached upon it.
No cvidcnco whatever is presented by the re-
spondent as to any irregularities or pretended irreg-
ularities outside of Pulaski county; nor were any
allegations of such irregularities made by respond-
ent in his oral argument before committee.
The respondent did, however, present to the
committee and read m evidence, for whattbey might
be deemed worth, as bearing upon the result of the
vote in Pulaski county, a report of a "joint" select
committee appointed by the senate and house ot
representatives of Arkansas to investigate election
frauds in Pulaski county, and a decision of the
supreme court of Arkansas in a proceeding on the
part of Howard et at. vs. McDiarmid, county clerk
of Pulaski county, " praying tor a mandamus against
said McDiarraid, to compel him to certify certain
election returns to the secretary of State."
It seems hardly necessary to say that neither of
these documents was regarded as evidence by the
committee, or entitled to consideration in disposing
of the case.
Tho legislative report is in no sense a judicial
determination. It would not be recognized as evi-
dence, even, m any courtof justice. It is simply tho
views of certain members of the Legislature of Ark-
ansas upon the question submitted to them by the
Legislature.
But even if it were entitled to rank as a judicial
determination, it could not be evidenee in this case-
First, because it is not a decision in a proceeding
between these parties. Tbey had no hand in cre-
ating the committee, and cannot be affected by its
acts; uud
Second, the House being made by the Constitu-
tion the judge of theeleotion, returns, andqualifica-
tions of its members, cannot delegate its authority
to some other tribunal, and discharge by proxy a
solemn duty which the Constitution imposes on the
House.
For like reasons the decision of the supreme court
of Arkansas cannot be regarded as evidence.
The case is, therefore, left to stand on the proofs
submitted by the contestant.
Outside ot Pula&ki county the contestant has a
majority of 2 over the respondent.
In Pulaski county the majority for contestant is
2,151, making a total majority for contestant m tho
district of 2,153.
It may not be improper to remark that upon
the theory of the respondent, that the documents
above mentioned are evidence, and giving him the
full benefit of them as testimony, the result is not
changed. The contestant is elected upon either one
of the following theories:
Eirst; upon throwing out the entire vote ot
Pulaski county.
Second, upon throwing out the vote cast at the
So-called Boles polls, in the first and third wards ol
the city of Little Rock and the precinct of Eagle,
and accepting the vote cast at the so-called Edwards
polls, in accordance with what it is claimcd the
supreme court of Arkansas has decided. ^
Third, upon throwing out, in addition to the
Boles vote last above specified, the votes of the four
election precincts of (rray, Badgett, Eastman, and
Campbell, as recommended in said legislative re-
P°Pourth, upon throwing out all the votes specified
in the last statement or hypothesis, and talcing in
the voto only cast at the so-called Edwards polls, m
the first and third wards of LittleRock and the pre-
oinot of Eagle.   in.
So that it makes no difference whatever to the
sitting member whether the committee take one
view or another of the "evidence" submitted by him.
Tho contestant was elected and is entitled to the seat
in this XIousc as the momber from the third district
of the State of Arkansas in the Forty-Second Con-
gITlie committee have further instructed the under-
signed to say that the testimony taken before the
ioint committee to investigate the affairs of the
South, and referred to this committee on the 9th day
of the present mouth, has been examined, and that
in the judgment of the committee it contains noth-
ing reflecting on the character of any member of
the House; and the committee ask to be discharged
from the further consideration of such testimony.
The committee ask the adoption of the following
resolution: .
Jietolved, That Thomas Boles is entitled to the
seat in the Forty-Second Congress as Representative
from the third district of the Stateof Arkansas, now
occupied by John Edwards.
Mr. EDWARDS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
congratulate the House and myself that the
contested case of Boles vs. Edwards is about
to be closed. Before final action is taken, I
desire to present for the consideration of the
House, but more particularly the people of
my State, the facts in this case. Having been
denied time to take evidence in this case, of
which, as the judgment of this House, I do
not complain, tlis merits of the case now come
up for consideration entirely upon ex parte.
evidence.
Mr. Speaker, a great deal of stress has been
attached to the fact that contestant had re-
turned for him to the office of secretary of State
about 2,000majority, while the credentials were
issued to contustee. The question to be con-
sidered is, who received a majority of the legal
andqualifiedvotes? Foron one sidearearrayed
law arid oider, on the other violence and dis-
order.
On an examination of the evidence accom-
panying the report of the joint committee of
the General Assembly of the State of Arkan-
sas, and also by the evidence taken by con-
testant, it appears that a combination was
formed several days before the election, and a
formidable conspiracy entered into by certain
persons belonging to a faction of the Repub-
lican party in the'State, known and designated
as "Brindle-tails." The leaders of the taction
are Senator Rice, Joseph Brooks, J. L. Hodges,
and contestant. It will be seen by the evidence
adduced by the contestant, evidence of his own
witnesses, implicated in this conspiracy and
revolutionary proceeding to seize the polls, to
usurp the authority, and carry the elections
by force, fraud, and intimidation, that some
of these witnesses left Little ltock the day and
night preceding the election, and repaired to
the different townships on the outskirts of the
county for the purpose of acting as officers of
the election, or in some other manner to take
an active part therein. The law requires that
citizens must register and vote in the town-
bhip or ward where they reside, unless before
the election they change their place of resi-
dence, in which case such citizens would be en-
titled to a transfer of their registration papers.
But no one will contend for a moment that
these conspirators, who left Little Rock the
day and night preceding the election, to go
to the distant townships in the county, con-
templated any such change of residence.
Some of these conspirators arrived on the
ground before midnight, several before day
dawned, while all honest persons were asleep.
They were on the ground eaily to voto early
and often.
Mr. Speaker, independent of the evidence
on which the report of the legislative commit-
tee is founded, some of contestant's own wit-
nesses show a concert of action on the part ot
the conspirators to visit nearly every town-
ship in the county. In some of the townships
they were met by resistance on the side of law
and order, and were repulsed.
There were eight voting precincts seized on
the morning of the election by the conspira-
tors. The law provides that if the officers
■appointed by law do not open the polls by
eight o'clock a. m., the by-standers may pro-
ceed to elect judges of election. The evidence
of these conspirators further shows the uni-
formity of time by their watches. No impar-
tial parson can read the evidence of contest-
ant without coming to the conclusion that the
watches of conspirators had been set^ forward
in order to mislead the Judges appointed by
law and the people. Is if not passing strange
that in eight voting precincts in one county
the legally appointed judges failed to be pres-
ent on £ht; ground by eight o'clock to open the
polls?
The report made to the Legislature declares
that the judges swear they were'on the ground
before the time required by law to open the
polls, while the evidence taken on the part of
contestant, of the witnesses who are impli-
cated m this conspiracy, convicts themselves,
and shows by their own confessions and acts
that a premeditated concert of action had been
agreed upon by which this outrage upon the
elective franchise was perpetrated; while the
report of the legislative committee shows that
the polls in the townships of Gray, Ashley,
Eastman, Campbell, and Badget., had been
usurped by large bodies of armed men, the
lpgal judges being driven away, and thai, a
large number of persons, more than were on
the registration rolls, voted, while many who
were on the rolls were prevented from voting
through fear and intimidation.
Mr. Speaker, there is not an instance on
record of a case of this kind coming before
this honorable body on an array of facts as
formidable as the foregoing, wherein the
returns were not declared nnll and void just
os they were by the General Assembly of the
State of Arkansas in the five townships re-
ferred to. To reverse a decision so just as
that of the General Assembly in this ca-ie. will
tend to embolden the lawless and onc'niia?e
fraud. These outrages were perpetrated in the
county where the State government is located,
right under the eye of the State authorities and
on the ground where the Legislature meets;
and the members of that Legislature knew
all the facts on which they acted.
It was the duty of the Governor to see the
law vindicated. In the township of Eagle and
the first and third wards of the city of Little
Rock, the mob made an effort to seize the
polls and drive off the judges. But in this
the mob failed, but set up places of voting of
their own ; hence, there were two polls opened.
The law only provides for one place of voting,
and hence only one return of votes could be
received, and these from the polls conducted
by law; for no person not qualified by law to
vote could have been indicted and punished
for having voted at the illegal polls. The
supreme court, on mandamys, declared null
and void the returns laade from the illegal
polls, and ordered the clerk of the county
court of Puiaski to send up the returns from
the legal polls. On the inspection of the tes-
timony on the part of contestant, it will be
observed that the county clerk of Pulaski
county was one of the most prominent con-
spirators in this unlawful transaction through-
out. lie assumed to be the judge and the
law-making power.
Now, I admit that the Governor might have
