1830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
or that anybody would seek to give it protec-
tion in this country, especially as it is the base
of tartar-emetic, a nauseous dose, but the
Pacific railroad, opening the way to Nevada,
there discloses a mine of wonderful richness,
which promises, with only the ton per cent,
duty heretofore attached to it, soon to send
along supplies at a price at least a quarter less
than that now prevailing. Notwithstanding
the regulus of antimony is used to the extent
of one sixteenth part in type-metal, a branch
of industry it is desirable to favor, it was de-
termined not to provoke a wry face in Nevada,
as would be done by placing antimony on the
free list.
These are but samples of an extended list
of articles found in analogous circumstances.
One more, and they will be dismissed. Sumac,
a tree or shrub from the bark of which tannin
and colors are made, prior to 1861 was brought
here entirely from abroad. Recently it has
been found in Virginia in great abundance,
and gives employment to a considerable num-
ber of people. The petitions presented asked
for moderate specific duties,and the least that
could be done was not to remove the pittance
in the way of such ad valorem duties as are
now enjoyed. When Virginia asks for pro-
tection I do not think we ought to stick in the
bark. It might be well to do more.
The free list proposed will make a large
addition to that of the existing laws, and con-
tains some items of considerable importance,
as tin in bars or blocks, essential oils, jute,
charcoal, bleaching-powders, and soda ash.
For more thau thirty years the manufacture
of soda-ash has from time to time been at-
tempted, especially at Pittsburg, but with
indifferent success. Either the cost has been
too high or the quality too low to give satisfac-
tion. All of the raw materials are not at our
command, and it is one thing where America
must own beat. Even protection will not re-
animate its drowsy production, and our soap-
makers, glass-makers, and others must here-
after look to Liverpool for soda-ash and make
the best of it.
The addition to the free list will much re-
duce the number of taxable articles hereafter
to be retained in the tariff, and these, in any
tariff largely specific, must be considerable;
but the falsehood by which they have been
exaggerated in relation to our present tariff
deseives a passing exposure. A duty, for in-
stance, is imposed upon all leather. Every-
one knows that to be a generic term which
includes whole classes and all classes of every
sort and description of leather, amounting
perhaps to fifty or more varieties. In order
to make it appear that the tariff was a bloated
monster with an interminable tail, these sep-
arate varieties are all counted, and so on to the
end with everything else to swell the aggre-
gate number of articles said to be enumerated.
Of course, when such articles are exempted
from duties, they have to be specifically named,
although they may not have been so named
when the duties were originally imposed.
There may be particular things in the free list
of the bill before us that should be omitted;
but as a whole, 1 am persuaded, the loss of
revenue no longer needed will be much more
than compensated by the direct and indirect
advantages that will accrue.
About the only propositions in the bill to
which 1 have had any serious objection is the
indiscriminate application of the ten per cent,
reduction upon wool, metals, and manufac-
tures, as found in the second section of the
bill under consideration. It appeared to me
that possibly it might have been better to have
given an equal amount of reduction by selec-
tion, or by reducing the duties upon such
articles as are notoriously highest in the rank
of protection or percentage, and which it
mighty be supposed could bear it with the
least injury. Then, such duties as have been
already once razeed, like the duty upon pig
iron, of which we ought to double our present
domestic supply, might go untouched ; or
like that on wool, after thirty-five per cent, of
the sheep of the country have been slaugh-
tered, and after four years of continued depres-
sion and continual loss in the business of
sheep-raising, might be left operative at least
for one year.
A vast majority of the woolen manufactur-
ers of the country long since made peace with
the wool-growing interests. They have had
the benefit of a glut in the wool markets of
the world, and the major part of them do not
unfairly seek to escape from the pinch which
the present scarcity has brought about by
throwing the burden of this also upon wool-
growers. The high cost of cotton and the
comparatively low price of wool for the past ten
years has created a larger permanent demand
for wool, as cotton has been extensively dis-
carded for woolen clothing, and if the busi-
ness of sheep-husbandry in this country should
be crippled or destroyed, the prices of healthy
clothing wools would in the end be made
dearer the world over. It is against the inter-
ests of all branches of agriculture, and against
the interest of the woolen manufacturer, to
diipinish the supply of domestic wools. To
be sure, the reduction is very slight, and the
farmers are not here to protest against it, but
Senators will find them at home protesting
loudly.
So far as revenue is concerned, the result
would be the same, whether we reduce the
tariff in one way or the other, but to me the
mode I have suggested appears more com-
mendable.
There is no one, I presume, who expects
the whole range of duties to continue forever
at the war pitch. To return to low taxation
as fast as the circumstances of the country will
permit is the imperative duty of all parties,
and this process of return had much better be
initiated now and in a moderate degree than
to wait until nothing less than a revolution will
accomplish the purpose. The people demand
such a revision of the tariff as will put less
money into the Treasury. They do not want
to trust it nor us with a dollar which can be
spent unnecessarily. We must march up to
that point or they will send those who will
march beyond. The country will insure its
prosperity by an early understanding that this
is the order of the day. Let it be understood
that we expect to remove taxation at the ear-
liest, and at every proper opportunity, as we
have done every year since the close of the war.
But in removing taxation we do not intend
to remove it in such a manner as to deprive
the American people of employment. We
intend to tax foreign luxuries, and make those
who use them pay the tax. We intend to give
the work of America to American workmen.
The only tangible benefit we can confer upon
labor in this country is by a tariff that discrim-
inates in favor of American industry, and our
country is now, as it should be hereafter, among
all nations the paradise of the laboring man.
Not only does he here receive much greater
wages, but taking into account the character
and quality ofhisfood, clothing, and lodgings,
these, as a whole, are cheaper here than any-
where else. He can here support h>s family,
and have more left for their education, travel,
and taste than falls to the lot of any French,
German, Italian, or English workman.
So far as what is called '4 revenue reform'1
conceals free trade under its cloak, it conceals
a dagger aimed at the American laborer. The
incidental protection given by our tariff—and
the main purpose has been always to obtain
revenue—has elevated labor throughout half
of the civilized world. Employers abroad have
had the severest competition with us, not
against our products alone, but against the
prices we have paid and continue to pay for
labor. They have had to raise the wages, not
only of common laborers, but of skilled work-
men, because otherwise they found them ready
to emigrate where labor and skill were more
highly appreciated and better rewarded. The
world over, the American standard has lifted
the wages of labor, and inspired faiLh and hope
among those who live by the sweat of thebrow.
If our political example has toned down the
theories of arbitrary Governments, our tariff
and financial policy is entitled to the greater
glory of practically dignifying labor and toning
up its reward, not only here, but in foreign
kingdoms and empires.
The tariff bills which came to us from the
House proposed the repeal of all duties upon
coal, salt, tea, and coffee, and the ease and
simplicity of such legislation captivates legis-
lators as, well as the public. The toil of cal-
culating complicated propositions is often
good-naturedly shiiked, and the removal of the
duties upon the necessaries of life commands
instant and sometimes thoughtless favor.
Conceding that the American policy is arid
should be to make these articles, or most of
them, free at the earliest practicable moment,
that some of them were only drafted into ser-
vice during the war, yet is it wise to remore
the duties entirely from these articles while
the highest war duties remain untouched upon
many other equally necessary articles? Oar
imports are now extravagantly large—over
five hundred million dollars, and of this $160,-
000,000 comes from Great Britain alone—a id
were they to be checked by any domestic or
commercial disaster, or by any foreign war,
our magnificent receipts would become shriv-
eled, and the most stable and reliable resource,
if the House proposition be followed, tea and
coffee, wholly cut off.
The public debt is not yet all funded at
satisfactory rates of interest, nor have we yet
restored gold and silver to the pockets of the
people. Under these circumstances it does
not appear to be prudent to wholly remove
all duties upon these ariicles at this moment.
They may be removed at an early day, but
they clearly ought not to be now. True, no
financial revulsion is imminent; but if any
should occur, the Government ought not to be
needlessly exposed and helpless. The reve-
nues upon coffee, tea, and salt may be safely
computed in advance, but upon other com-
modities it is .unstable and variable as the
winds by which they are wafted to our shores.
We have once already largely reduced the
duties upon tea and coffee, and feel able to
take another step in the same direction, but
it is too soon to cut loose entirely from our
strongest supports.
Senators who have preceded me have left
very little more to be said about the present
bill, but there are one or two general points of
view, perhaps, worthyof further consideration.
I have recently, by the courtesy of the State
Department, had placed in my hands a recort
presented to the British Pailiament of'the
diplomatic and consular agents abroad "re-
specting the condition of the industrial classes
and the purchase-power of money in foreign
countries," and if this document could be
placed in the hands of every workingman in
America I think it would be productive of
infinite service, and its circulation cause all of
us to be devoutly thankful that we can claim
the United States as our home. It is a docu'
ment furnished by free-traders. This report
extends to nine hundred and forty-six pages,
and I shall not attempt to give even a summary
of its contents, as lam strongly tempted to do,
but content myself wi'ha few extracts taken
almost at random, and will begin wih—
Prussia, or the North Ger.nan Confederation:
"To sum up the genera! average of wages, the
daily earnings of aman in permanent employment,
at ordinary labor, are 'jtci. (19 cents) a day in the
rural districts and 1/*. (24cents) a day in towns; and
tor Skilled labor irom lad. (30 cents) to 2«. 6d„ (6i
ceots.j
The hours of labor (in a cloth factory) are
stated thus:
Firemen and engineers   jg
©pinners and dyers     *  14
All other hands   ^.'.7.'.'.'.'. 12,
