1872,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1831
One manufactory is mentioned " where the
machinery was kept going night and day—the
■women worked in relays for sixteen hours con-
secutively."
Cherbourg, France:
" The laborer in the country, or, as he may be
more properly termed, the farm-laborer, may bo
classed apart. If he is in want of work he attends
at one of the country fairs, which are generally held
in the month ot July. He is hired for the year, and
is fed and lodged by his employer, receiving at the
end of the term three hundred francs ($60) for his
eervices."
In the United States any man can earn that
in two or three months.
Ragusa, Austria:
" All field labor is done by natives. The pay of
olive-field labor is sevenpence (fourteen cents) per
day, with plain food (Indian corn, soup, &o.) fur-
nished by the proprietor. Now, as the Ragusan
in Peru or California can gain three dollars a day,
lives on one, and saves two, emigration from here
is attractive."
I should think it would be.
Borne :
"The ordinary wages of the workingman is three
Pauls (thirty cents) a day, and women get two pauls,
(twenty cents.) On good occasions, when there are
heavy weights to carry, it is a strange sight to see
handsome young women acting as bricklayers'
laborers. They were extensively employed in the
making of railways."
It is also stated that wages to the agricul-
tural peasants seldom rise to more than three
pauls, (thirty cents,) and that in the mountain
districts one paul (tea cents) " would be am-
ple." It hardly needed to be added that they
are in a " starving condition."
Bergamo, Italy:
The consular agent writes in relation to
19,449 persons employed there in silk, woolen,
linen, and other mills:
"The aggregate annual amount of wages was
2.417,120 francs, which would give no more than, ex-
eluding fractions, two Irancs thirty centimes (forty-
four cents) a week per head, supposing that all the
mills were working constantly. By far the greater
number of them, however, arc open during less than
six months in the year."
Belgium, (April 15, 1871:)
" The use of coffeestrongly adulterated with chic-
cory is general; tea is seldom drank. Sugar is sel-
dom seen, and milk is a luxury afforded by only the
better class of workmen."
"Very many have for their entire subsistence but
potatoes with a little grease, brown or black bread,
often bad, and for their drink the tincture above
mentioned.
"More than nine hundre'l thousand persons, one
fifth of the population (of Belgium) are inscribed on
the lists of poor relief.
" The majority ot the girls who work in the coal-
pits have no great sense of decency, and seldom
marry without having had two or three children
previously.
" In 1867 thirty-five per cent, of the militia (com-
prising all classes) could neither read nor write."
Many women make nails by hand while
their husbands are away in the summer sea-
son at work, and many men in the winter do
the same from five o'clock in the morning
• till eight in the evening, and earn at that
one franc fifty centimes a day, or twenty-
eight cents. The number of agricultural day
laborers is, mules, 393.123—wages, two francs
twenty-five centimes, (foriy-three cents ;) agri-
cultural day laborers, females, 225,511—wages,
one franc, (nineteen cents.) But in the winter
.season wages are one third less.
I will only add a short table of wages of two
or three trades at different points, from the
same authority:
daily wages.
Bricklayers— Antwerp. 2s. 3d.; Netherlands. Is.
*Jd.,- Saxony, 3s.,- Louisiana, XTnited States, S3;
Pennsylvania, 16s.. ($4).
Carpenter,s.—Aptwerp, 2s. 3d.; Verviers, If. 75c.;
Italy, If.; Venice, 3s. id.; Netherlands, Is. 6'/. ,*
Saxony, 3s.,* Louisiana, United States, $3; Penn-
sylvania. lis., ($2 75.)
Smiths.—Antwerp, 2s. 5</.. (58 cents:) Verviers, 3/..
(50 cents:) Italy, 2f. 60c., (48ecnts;) Venice, 2s. Qa.,
(60 cents:) Netherlands. Is. -id., (32 cents:) Saxony,
2s. 6d., (60 cents;) Louisiana, United States, $4;
Pennsylvania, Us., ($2 75.)
Let it be remembered that these wages in
many instances are from thirty to fifty per
cent, more, as is stated, than they were only
a few years back, and it will be easily under-
stood why some articles have been and yetcan
be produced abroad, not with less labor, but
for less money than in the United States. I
would not give to any branch of industry in
our country such advantages as would enable
it to pay twice and thrice as much as can be
paid by agriculture or by commerce for an
equal amount of labor, but I would preserve
for all higher pay and more of the comforts
of life than we see by the indubitable proofs here
presented can be extracted from the institu-
tions and policies of the Old World. Is there
a Senator with a proud and throbbing Ameri-
can heart in his bosom who would counsel any
measure tending to bring American workmen
down to the level of that large portion of the
human race whose pitiful wages and pitiful
fare the report of the British Parliament has
so recently and so fully disclosed ? If our van-
tage ground is not to be attributed largely to
the tariff, from whence does it come? Mexico
is part of the New World, but what of it?
The republics of South America are not very
dissimilar in their forms of government to our
own, but they do not excite our envy. Does
distance lend to us alone its enchantment?
Brazil and the Argentine Republic are much
further away, but unattended by any distinctive
prosperity. The Dominion of Canada is peo-
pled by a kindred race, long ruled by free
trade and now only half protected, but do they
lead the world?
Make whatever other liberal credits you
will, Mr. President, and still the policy of
giving American work to American workmen,
and giving American wages therefor, must
have the foremost credit in the promotion of
the material prosperity of the country, and the
material prosperity of workingmen is the sure
forerunner of moral prosperity.
The tariff laws since 1861 have been changed,
almost as far as possible, from the system of
ad valorem to specific duties, and the states-
men of all nations agree that the latter for
revenue are more reliable, and for protec-
tion much superior, as affording most when
most is needed, while the former give the least
when the most is needed. An ad valorem duty,
in fact, under the cunning practices of trade,
is a general invitation to fraud, or a notice
that the door is open. The question as to
specifics, however, may be considered beyond
the region of discussion. It has been decided.
When the difference in value of the same
article has been too great to admit of one
specific rate only, mixed or compound duties,
in spite of noisy objections when first intro-
duced, have been found entirely acceptable.
They can be understood except by those for
whom to furnish an understanding would be
too great an outlay by Congress.
Take cast steel as an example. The duty,
when the value is seven cents or less, is two
and a quarter cents per pound ; when the value
is over seven cents and not over eleven cents,
three cents per pound; and when the value is
over eleven cents, it is three and a half cents
per pound, and in addition ten per cent, ad,
valorem. It would be supposed that such du-
ties would be very difficult to be evaded, and
so they are; yet under the last Administration
the Sheffield makers of steel, with the aid ot
supple New York houses, partners, agents, or
consignees, contrived to put many thousands
of dollars into foreign pockets by evasion,
until they were discovered and exposed by a
Treasury agent, aided by Consul Abbott, one
of the best officers ever in our foreign service.
The process was to invoice the steel at seven
cents, or at a little under eleven cents perpound,
when it would escape the nest higher scale of
duties. The parties being the owners of the
steel, as well after as before it was shipped,
could fix the price at what they pleased with-
out reference to the law, which requires the
assessment of duties upon the market value of
merchandise at the last place of shipment. Our
consul, however, got parties on the continent
to apply as purchasers for the same brands of
steel, and thus obtained its real market price
from the adroit venders themselves, which
proved to be, as was well known it would, far
above that fixed for the American market.
The bad excuse made was that it was the gen-
eral practice among the English makers of
steel to put down the price for the American
market. No actual sales were made at these
low rates, but this trickery was necessary in
order to keep the American trade. This steal-
age was at length slopped, but, of course, the
parties were affronted, and I hope the accom-
plished consul will not suffer for a faithful
performance of duty.
The sharp profits of the New York agents
or consignees were dulled, and of course they,
too, were affronted—highly affronted. I do
not state it as a fact, because I do not know
it to be so, but I have been told that it is to
the promptings and activity of these New York
houses that we are indebted for the numerous
petitious received the past winter in relation
to the tariff and custom-house matters—com-
monly known as the "yellow-covered litera-
ture" of the season—and which came with
such precision, so elegantly decorated and
enveloped, as to attract the attention of all
the pages in the Senate.
It is true that nearly all of the complaint in
relation to the tariff, whether in regard to
fundamental principles or details, comes from
or is generated in New York; but if importers
could exempt, themselves from all custom-house
duties, the Government would still have to
be supported, and it is very doubtful if these
parties were forced to contribute an equitable
share of any other taxes of equal magnitude,
or $29,000,000 annually for the share of the
State of New York, whether their woe ana
grief would not be far more serious and more
worthy of congressional pity. Free trade might
temporarily increase the profits of New York,
but it would be at the expense of the great
heart of the country, and the permauent pros-
perity of the city is dependent wholly upon
that of the country at large. Undermine that
and the greatest of American cities would fol-
low in the wake of Tyre and Sidon.
Astute as well as puny critics may assail the
perfection of some ailing section of law ; theo-
rists, as well as those who should be states-
men, may deuounce the practical wisdom of
some public functionary ; closet amateurs, and
some legislators may concoct ideal measures
for undiscovered Utopias, but it will be admit-
ted by general acclamation that under the
present Administration, under present laws,
the revenues have been honestly collected and
honestly paid out. The fact that we have
repealed since the close of the war taxes yield-
ing over two hundred million dollars, and have
in less time paid $300,000,000 ot the public
debt, and now have a surplus revenue to dis-
pose of amounting annually to $100,000,000
more, makes a buckler too strong to be pierced
by the small woodeti-headed arrows of detrac-
tion, and will vindicate the wisdom of the
congressional enactments which brought about
these graud results, standing to our credit as
they will stand in all the pages of future his-
tory.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland, addressed
the Senate in remarks which will be found in
the Appendix.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN obtained the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. I suppose the Senator
does not desire to proceed to-night.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. No, sir.
Mr. RAMSEY. _ I should like to have a
short executive session.
Mr. CONKLING. I meant to move an
adjournment; but if the Senator from Muuie-
sota desires an executive session, I will yield
for that purpose.
Mr. RAMSEY. It will take but five min-
utes for the reference of certain papers.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) Does the Senator from
New Jersey give way?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, sir,
