40
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 7,
that we must dither pursue one course or the
other. If this is to be a concurrent, proceeding
under the authority of the two Houses, then
the two Houses must participate in it to the
end. If it is to be a separate proceeding on
the part of the Senate against this witness, then
it is quite a work of supererogation, and one
certainly not within the line of very wise pre-
cedents, I should say, to send over to the
House of Representatives and ask their per-
mission to allow us to punish a contempt
against ourselves.
Mr. MORTON. May I be allowed to ask a
question?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. Would a punishment for
contempt in this body be a bar to subsequent
punishment for contempt in the House of
Representatives?
Mr. 'EDMUNDS. In my opinion most de-
cidedly not, because I hold that the same act
has been a contempt against the dignity of each
House, which the Constitution recognizes, and
only recognizes as it respects themselves as a
separate body.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator then if
that is not a broad distinction between this
case and the case he formerly put <5f punish-
ment by the United States and by a State for
the same crime, because in that case the pun-
ishment by the State would be a bar to subse-
quent punishment by the United States?
Mr. EDMUNDS. By no means. On the
contrary, the Supreme Court of the United
States, as my friend will see if he will do them
the honor to read their decisions, have ex-
pressly decided that it is not a bar, that there
are two separate and distinct crimes, and that
each sovereignty may punish notwithstanding
the other has punished, and to the full extent
that its own laws allow, and it is only a ques-
tion for the judge in pronouncing sentence to
sa.y (just as he would in the case of a long im-
prisonment before trial, or if there were any
other cause which should mitigate in the moral
sense the extent to which he should go) how
much punishment should be inflicted.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
it seems to me that this question is a pretty
plain one. If we are proceeding to punish a
contempt of the two Houses of Congress, then
the arrest ought to be made by the joint action
of the two Houses, and the accused be tried
by the two Houses conjointly, as would be tlie
case in the event of a contempt when the two
Houses were together to count the votes of
the Electoral College. If that is the proceed-
ing, then the warrant, ought to issue in the
shape proposed by the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania. But it is also perfectly clear that the
witness may have committed a contempt
against the Senate or aguiust the House of
Representatives, which is the case proposed
by the" Senator from Pennsylvania, for he is
treating the ease as a contempt against the
Senate, and in that view of the subject it seems
to me that the proceedings ab initio ought to
be by the Senate, without any reference what-
ever to the House of Representatives.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the Senator from
New Jersey sits down, I should like to ask him
a question. The point which he presents very
clearly is precisely the point of difficulty, with
one_ exception. He says that if the two Houses
in joint convention sat here or in the other
Chamber and a contempt should occur, it
would be the function of the two Houses to
visit that contempt. Now, just there I ask
him this question: when the two Houses, not
sitting in body, but having appointed a joint
committee to represent them for a special
purpose, experience a contempt, are not the
two Houses pro hac vice present? Does not
this joint committee _ represent and embody
the two Houses? Is it not the actual presence
of the two Houses for this purpose?
In asking the question,! beg also to make a
suggestion to the Senator. A contempt taking
place before a committee of one House is not
a contempt as to that committee merely; it is
a contempt of that House which created, is
represented by, and is, if I may say so, incar-
nated in the committee. Now, by parity of
reasoning, is there not force in the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Pennsylvania, that,
although the two Houses were not en masse
present when the witness refused, each House
was present, and both Houses were present,
in the committee delegated to personify and
embody and represent both Houses? It seems
to me that just there there is a little question
about that; and, if my friend from New Jersey
will pardon me a moment further, I wish to
say that I agree entirely with him, and with the
Senator from Vermont, and with the Senator
from Wisconsin, (as I understood him, al-
though I was out during part of his remarks,)
that all of this resolution proposed by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania cannot be right.
It cannot be that he must invoke the joint
action of both Houses in order that jurisdic-
tion may attach, in order that the hand of the
law may be laid upon this man, and that, having
done that, he can proceed in manner, as this
resolution resolves, governed entirely by one
House. In other words, I submit to him that
if for the future the Senate alone has the
power to deal with this man, the Senate has
that power for the present. If its prerogatives
and powers be not broad enough to lay hold
upon him, if it requires the aid of the House
of Representatives to perform that act, its
powers will be too slender in the future after
he has been captured and brought here. But
upon the other question, whether this does
not very closely resemble a case where a con-
tempt has been offered to both Houses in the
presence of both, I should be very glad if the
Senator from New Jersey would enlighten us.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
my view of the case is that this was a contempt
of both Houses of Congress; and unless there
is a constitutional difficulty in bringing the
two Houses together for any other purposes
than those specified in the Constitution, the
proceeding might go on as a" proceeding to
punish a contempt of the two Houses. There
is a question there, however, whether if this
proceeding were treated as a contempt of the
two Houses, there would be any mode of trial
of the accused ; and as there is no question in
my mind that it is a contempt of each House
of Congress as well as of both, I think the
proper course here would be to let the pro-
ceeding be by action of the Senate. I entirely
agree with the Senator from Wisconsin that
the jurisdiction attaches by the issuing of the
warrant, and that if we intend to try the
accused in the Senate, if this is the court to
try, this is the court alone that ought to issue
the process.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, as I now under-
stand my honorable friend, this proceeding has
the same attributes that it would have if this
man had committed a contempt of both Houses
in the presence of both. I understand him now
to say, and there I agree with him, that while
that would be a contempt against both Houses,
itwould also be a contempt against each House,
and either House could proceed, and when one
House had proceeded and exhausted so much
of its powers as it thought should be expended,
it would be for the other House to abstain alto-
gether, in consequence of what the first House
had done, or to mitigate the rigors of what it
might do, as the Senator from Vermont said,
as would be the case with a court taking into
consideration antecedent punishment.
There is one practical suggestion about this
matter which I believe has not been made, and
which, I think, would fortify very much the
position of the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania, if he would resort to it. I think
tnere is that in the history of the country, and
in this class of proceedings, which would go
very far to show that both Houses are required
to punish effectually a witness who refuses to
answer; and that if one House alone has the
power to do that, it is not this one. I think
a practical argument might be made which
would go very far toward establishing in this
case, or in any other, that if in truth there be
power enough in either House of Congress to
make a witness obey the law, this House is
badly selected as the one to possess and wield
that power.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, as I stated
before, this committee was raised by the author-
ity of the two Houses; the oath was adminis-
tered to this witness by the authority of the *
two Houses; the subpena was issued by the
authority of the two Houses; and if he is
arrested for a contempt of the joint author-
ity thus represented by that committee, that
arrest should be ordered by the two Houses.
Where a committee is raised by the two
Houses, and an alleged contempt is committed
against that authority, there should be a judg-
ment of the two Houses whether there has
been a contempt. It^is not competent for one
House to adjudge and determine that there
has been a contempt against the authority of
the two Houses.
This may be an inconvenieneeugrowing out
of joint committees ; it may be fFreason why
joint committees should not be raised ; but is
it not the logical result of the contempt of the
authority of a joint committee ? And to carry
it further, when we come to pass a resolution
of punishment for this contempt, should it not
receive the sanction of the other House?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It would on your theory,
certainly.
Mr. MORTON. It would on my theory,
and it seems to me it would logically; for is it
competent for one House to determine whether
the authority of the two Houses has been vio-
lated? The other House might come to a
directly different conclusion on the subject.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then I ask my friend
why it is not also the necessary logical result,
as I think it plainly is, that the other House
must not only concur in the judgment, but
assist at the trial?
Mr. CONKLING. And in every step?
Mr. MORTON. No, not necessarily assist
at the trial. The two Houses do not act to-
gether. In the formation of the joint com-
mittee they act separately, and it is competent
for a concurrent resolution to authorize these
parties to be brought before either House, but
when they come they come by the same au-
thority that raised the committee, that issued
the subpena, that authorized the oath to be
administered. As I said before, the contempt
is against the authority of the two Houses in
the person of a joint committee. Must not
the existence of that contempt be determined
by the judgment of the two Houses; for if we
should come to the conclusion that there was
a contempt, and the House of Representatives
should come to the conclusion that there was
not a contempt, (and we very often differ on
questions of law and questions of fact,) what
would be the condition of the case? It seems
to me that logically this arrest should be made
by the authority of the two Houses, and if a
witness is brought before the Senate it should
be by the authority and concurrence of both
Houses.
Mr. CARPENTER. May I ask the Senator
a question ?
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. If the action of both
Houses is necessary to arrest this man, neces-
sary to convict him, as I understand the Sen-
ator to mean by saying that such action is
necessary to a determination that a contempt
has been committed, is it not necessary that
the action of both Houses should concur in
fixing the punishment? In other words, must
tmjre not be two separate trials for the same
offense, which is the difficulty the Senator from
Indiana wishes to avoid.
Mr. MORTON. No, sir. In that case the
faxmg of the punishment would be by the same
authority. It seems to me both Houses should
