TEfE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
The Executive of Arkansas, with these pre-
cedents before him, refused to act in this case
until the Legislature and the court had inves-
tigated and discovered the most glaring and
dangerous frauds. He did not throw out the
returns of a single precinct on the application
or affidavit of individuals. He threw out only
those declared void by the action of the State
Legislature. In this case he has higher claims
upon this body than the Governor of Missouri
had on either the Fortieth or Forty-First Con-
gress; but sustained by an approving con-
science, the rectitude of his intentions, and
the' honest people of Arkansas, he will not
eomplain even though his higher claims are
rejected and all previous precedents over-
thrown.
Mr. Speaker, I now proceed to notice the
report made by the Committee on Southern
Outrages—that portion of the report, based on
the evidence of Wheeler and Whipple, which
was referred to the Committee of Elections,
and which contains this paragraph:
* '"^e testimony of these witnesses tends to im-
peach the official character and conduct of a mem-
ber of the United States Senate from the State of
Arkansas, and also to affect the right of a member
of the House of Representatives from that State to
retain his seat in the House."
■ The object of these conspirators in the per-
petration of the frauds in Pulaski county has
been to cry, and to continue to cry, "Mad
dog," in order to divert public attention from
themselves. Whipple was district attorney
for the United States court for the eastern
district of Arkansas, while Wheeler was fore-
man of the grand jury which indicted Gov-
ernor Clayton and the judges of the election
in Clarke county. But these two willing wit-
nesses who testify in this case, and who affect
to be horrified at the conduct of the registra-
tion and at ballot-box stuffing, did not cause
to be indicted a single person connected'with
frauds perpetrated on the ballot box in Pulaski
county, which were far more outrageous in
their character than in the counties where
indictments were found against persons en-
gaged in election frauds, for the simple reason
that they were the friends of these two wit-
nesses who committed the frauds in Pulaski
county. While these two witnesses have said
much in relation to registration and ballot-
box stuffing, they have, in the case of Boles
vs. Edwards, kept from the public the fact in
whose interest the ballot-boxes were stuffed,
leaving the inference to be drawn that these
frauds inured to my benefit. They fail to tell
the Committee on Southern Outrages that the
judges in Clatke county were indicted for stuff-
ing the ballot-boxes in favor of Mr. Boles, the
contestant. 1 he Committee ot Elections hav-
ing had the matter under consideration have
reported back to the House the following:
' *' The committee have further instructed the un-
dersigned to say that the testimony taken before the
joint c9mm1tt.ee to investigate the affairs of the
bouth, and referred to this committee on the 9th
prcsent month, has been examined, and
that, m the judgment of the committee, it contains
nothing reflecting on the character of any member
the House, and the committee ask to be dis-
mony " thelarther consideration of such testi-
Mr. Speaker, the evidence of Wheeler and
Whipple was based upon hearsay; it was in-
tended to produce an effect prejudicial to
myself; that effect was produced in the minds
of- many members of this House, from the
beginning, who were unacquainted with the
facts. It is an old adage, l,A lie will fly a
thousand miles while truth is getting his boots
on." But " truth crushed to earth will rise
again." This appears to be a time of evil
reports. The evidence on the part of con-
testant has been directed to show up my
political status, as if my case did not rest
upon its merits, outside of party considera-
tions. I did not \isit the county of Pulaski
during the canvass, but the witnesses, many
of them, knew more of my political status
th&ti I did myself On this subject I have
nothing to conceal and never did have. I
never worshiped but one political god, and
that was the great and illustrious sage and
iiio v vYcto mc auu muowiwuo oogc auu
statesman, Henry Clay. I have always felt
the force of that immortal declaration, ''I
would rather be right than be President."
I now pursue my own independent convic-
tions of right and duty, as they may present
themselves to my conscience and judgment,
according to the light God has given me to
understand the right. On the disbanding of
the Whig party I became a Republican. I
have never voted a Democratic ticket in my
life. I have continued a Republican to the
present time. I will not admit that I am a
slave, or that I have indorsed every policy of
the party, whether in a local or national aspect
of the case, in opposition to my better judg-
ment and conviction of right. I made the
race in the late campaign as an independent
liberal Republican. When the war broke out,
devotedly attached to the oldflagof ourfathers,
and regarding the Union of these States as the
palladium ot our liberties, I entered the ser-
vice of my country in the Union cause and
bore aloft the stars and stripes until that con-
flict ceased. When it did cease I directed my
energies toward healipg the wounds that that
conflict produced and to bring about peace
and prosperity on a just and honorable basis
to all parties. I have sustained, up to the pres-
ent time, in my humble manner, the national
Administration; but I did differ with my party
on some questions of State policy growing out
of reconstruction. I opposed the adoption of
the present State constitntion for two reasons :
1. It was anti-republican in form. It took
from the people the right of self government,
to elect their own agents to execute the laws ;
a Republican from principle, I never yield a
fundamental principle for temporary policy and
profit.
2. I was opposed to the adoption of that
constitution, because, in my opinion, it created
a useless number of officers, which must neces-
sarily impose upon the people the burden of
taxation.'
It has been currently reported here and in
this House that Senator Clayton is the author
of the one-man power ingrafted upon the con-
stitution of thG State of Arkansas, which he
has used for his own selfish purposes, and that,
iu some way or other not exactly known, I have
had some connection with Governor Clay-
ton in this matter. Truth demands of me to
say that Governor Clayton- was not a member
of the convention which framed that consti-
tution. When elected Governor, however, he
bad to execute it as he found it. Brooks and
Hodges, however, the great affidavit makers,
were members of the convention which
framed the constitution, and were the con-
trolling spirits in the convention, and were
appointed by the convention commissioners
to receive and count the votes on the adoption
of the constitution. It is a piece of history in
the State of Arkansas thijt the constitution
was defeated by a decided majority, while
the commissioners above named, aided by
the sagacious manipulations of B. F. Rice,
managed to declare tlie constitution adopted.
These same " Brindle-tails " became members
of the Legislature, and were the moving spirits
in framing the laws to govern the people of
the State, and are the authors of those laws of
an oppressive and unjust character which the
people complain of, while Governor Clayton
had to see the laws executed as he found
them.
They were instrumental in fastening upon
the people of the State, an unjust indebtedness
of over a million dollars, by funding what is
known in the State as the Holford bonds, the
proceeds ofwhich found its way into the pockets
of a few individuals.
They managed to secure the control of two
of the most important public franchises in the
State, and held them in abeyance for a long
time against construction, by which they made
a million dollars at the expense of the people.
They allowed to be repealed the restrictions
in the law which secured to the actual settlers
upon the public lands embraced within the
limits of these franchises the right to purchase
the same at $2 50 per acre, subjecting these
settlers to the grasp of the monopolists and
speculators.
As an act of justice and pacification, I de-
manded amnesty to the masses should be
coupled with universal negro suffrage. But
in this, as upon other questions I have main-
tained, I have been borne down under the
excitement of the hour. I did insist and pre-
vail upon Governor Clayton to come out and
declare himself in favor of a liberal policy of
amnesty, which he did do in the month of
October, 1869. The words of peace and good
will barely escaped his lips and fell upon the
ears of the people before this "Brindle-tail"
faction commenced the howl of selling out the
party to the Democrats and rebels. By that
cry, appealing to the ignorant and baser pas-
sions, they expected to secure the control of
the Republican party in the State, and read
Governor Clayton and his friends out of the
party. But in that they signally failed. These
" Brindle-tails " declared the State of Arkan-
sas should be made "all Radical or a howling
wildernessthat twenty years would be time
enough to entertain the proposition of amnesty,
and that these incorrigible rebels must come
one at a time upon their knees seeking pardon.
But a change has recently come over the spirit
of the dreams of these very consistent Brindle-
tails. All at once they have become the
champions for general amnesty, in advance of
the President, forthepurpose of courting favor
with the Democracy, and to lead to a cooper-
ation in the next election to defeat the Repub-
lican party; so it is generally understood in
the State ot Arkansas by both parties, and if
report is to be relied on, such a report of
things to be brought about has been in circu-
lation on the Democratic side of this House.
Again, if newspaper report is to be relied
upon as true, it is said these Brindle-tails
called in a body at the White House the other
day and claimed that they were the " Simon-
pure" Republicans of the State, and that Gov-
ernor Clayton had manipulated the registra-
tion so as to send two Democrats to Congress.
Now, I do know Governor Clayton supported
contestant in the election, and many on the
Republican side of this House consider him a
Radical of undoubted orthodoxy. 1 regard,
however, whichever party may become disap-
pointed it will not lose much, as the Brindle-
tail faction does not amount to a corporal's
guard in the State of Arkansas.
Mr. Speaker, as a Union soldier, as a liberal
Republican, afterthe closeof the war I advised
and counseled moderation andjusticeasthetrne
and patriotic basis on which to build up the waste
places whichaprotracted, bloody, civil war had
created. I have sincerely desired to restore gen-
uine and lasting peace and good will among
the masses of the people. I have said to those
who have stood side by side with me 011 the
battle-field, now that the confliot is over, the
integrity ot the Government vindicated, while
poor human nature cannot forget it can for-
give, be generous, be just. On the other side
1 have said to the extreme and violent per-
sons, those who were arrayed against us in
that deadly conflict, stay your bloody hands;
cease your persecutions of loval persons; dis-
band your se'eret midnight Elans, for every
citizen who owes allegiance to the flag of his
country and claims its protection is a citizen
to the fullest extent, with equal privileges
wherever he stands tlpon American soil pro-
tected by the stars and stripes. The enthusi-
astic and patriotic volunteers who followed the
stars and stripes through all the scenes of
blood and earnage from 18<51 to I860 will in
after years, turning over the pages of history,
refer to the procceedings in this case with some
degree of interest.
Mr. Speaker, I am no prophet, nor the Bon
