•2728
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
ing out of the war, not out of contract, but
growing out of the seizure of cotton, the seizure
of property, extending its jurisdiction beyond
its former scope, which was simply that of a
court to try cases of contract, not cases of tort.
When the jurisdiction of the court was ex-
tended then, the jurisdiction was carefully
confined to claims of loyal citizens. The
very strongest language that could possibly
be used was inserted in the act of 1863 to con-
fine the benefits of that act to loyal persons,
those who had not directly or indirectly con-
tributed to the public enemy in time of war.
I have not now the language of the act of 1863
before me.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have just read it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was not in at the mo-
ment ; but it was as clearly expressed as you
could possibly make human language that
nobody should sue in this court unless he
should not only swear but prove affirmatively
that he had not participated, directly or in-
directly, in the rebellion or aided the rebel-
lion. That was the general purport.
Now, if we have no power to limit the
jurisdiction of this court, I am in favor of
abolishing it. Congress and the people of
the United States will never for a moment
tolerate the extension of the jurisdiction of
this tribunal beyond the plain letter of the
act of Congress. If human language can be
expressed in human law, if the courts are
bound to construe our laws according to their
plain intent, I say that it is as plain as day
that the jurisdiction of this court is confined
to hearing claims made by loyal people for
captured and abandoned property. I have
the decisions of the Supreme Court before
me. I will not stop now to refine or dis-
cuss or contend with the Supreme Court; my
respect for authority is too great; but I say
one thing: if we have failed by the use ot
plain, simple language to limit the jurisdic-
tion of the Court of Claims, and if there is
no English language that will limit that juris-
diction to the claims of loyal people, then I
am in favor of abolishing the court entirely;
there is no other way.
With that view, and after an examination of
the two cases that I have now before me, the
Klein case and the Armstrong case, I believe
that the whole difficulty will be met by the
provisions of the section proposed by the Sen-
ator from Vermont as originally introduced,
and that was not to allow this Court of Claims
to be governed by what is said to be the legal
conclusion from, or the legal effect of, a par-
don, the Supreme Court having decided that
the effect of a pardon is entirely to relieve the
party from the burden of proof, from proving
the fact which was the basis of the jurisdiction
of the Court of Claims. If that be the legal
effect of the pardon, all that is required is to
go further and say that this court shall not
have jurisdiction of the case until they find as
a proven fact to be found, as in the case of a
special verdict, before they take one single
step, that the plaintiff in the case had not
directly or indirectly aided the public enemy.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Ohio allow me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When up I endeavored
to state what the usual amount of appropria-
tions to pay the judgments of the Court of
Claims was, but did not have the statute before
me. A friend has handed me a statement of
the appropriations. For the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1871, $100,000 was appropriated to
pay the judgments of the Court of Claims; for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1872, $500,000,
and the estimate for this year, as the clerk of
the Appropriation Committee informs me, is
$400,000.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Court of Claims has,
in my judgment, been a very valuable and
very useful institution. They have obeyed
the law as far as I have been able to ascertain
in every case. I do not make any criticism
on the action of the Court of Claims at all.
But if the decision of the Supreme Court opens
the door of the Court of Claims to all cases of
captured and abandoned property, then what
will be the judgments of the Court of Claims?
Twenty, thirty, forty, fifty, or sixty millions will
be liable to go out of the Treasury. It is true
there is the limitation I will refer to in a
moment, that probably would keep out all
hon«st rebels, because they would not swear
to a false petition, but it does not keep out the
dishonest rebels. No man now can have filed
a petition pending in the Court of Claims for
captured and abandoned property unless he
swore in the first place that he had never
directly or indirectly aided the public enemy.
Mr. BAYARD. I ask the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio whether the statute of limita-
tions as imposed by the act of 1803 did not
expire in 1868, so that no claims can now be
brought, and none can be entertained that
were not commenced prior to the spring of
1868?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator only com-
pels me to state now a fact that I did intend
to state before, and that is that no man has a
suit pending in the Court of Claims for cap-
tured and abandoned property unless he swore
that he had not participated in the rebellion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Nor for any other pur-
pose. For captured and abandoned property
or for any other cause no man has a standing
in that court unless he swore in his petition
that he had been loyal.
Mr. SHERMAN. I state it, then, broadly
that nobody has a claim pending in that court
unless he swears that he has never, either
directly or indirectly, aided the public enemy.
It does seem though that when they come to
prove that, some of them have aided the pub-
lic enemy; and it is in favor of those who
have perjured themselves and are unable to
prove the allegation they make in their peti-
tion that the decision of the Supreme Court
operates. Those men who applied by petition
and swore that they had never aided the public
enemy, and who cannot now prove that alle-
gation, are the persons who will be benefited
by the decision of the Supreme Court. But
if you will give a remedy of this kind in the
Court of Claims to a man who has thus vio-
lated his oath, how can you deny it to those
honest rebels who fought out the fight in good
faith, and who would not swear to such a peti-
tion, and who cannot, therefore, commence
their suits within the two years after the close
of the war? You cannot do it. The sense of
justice of the American people would say that
those who were open rebels ought to have a
day in court. By your statutes of limitations
they never have had a day in court. I say,
therefore, the decision of the Supreme Court
of the United States only operates in favor
of those who have sworn to that which they
cannot maintain and cannot prove, and it
is on that account the more objectionable to
me, because, if that decision prevails, no man
has a right now to commence a suit in the
Court of Claims for captured and abandoned
property, for no one could have commenced
such a suit since August, 1868.
L think the Supreme Court decided the date
of the close of the war was August, 1866 ; no
suit could have been commenced since August,
1868 ; and no suit was commenced before that
unless the party swore that he had not par-
ticipated in the rebellion. If he can prove
that allegation just as he would prove any
other allegation m his petition as a fact, no
one proposes to interfere with his remedy.
Any man who was loyal and true to the coun-
try, and whose property was seized or taken,
whether captured or abandoned, had a plain
remedy up to the period when the statute of
limitations expired. Now, would you open
the door wide and give an advantage to the
men who thus took a false oath, swearing that
they had not aided the public enemy when
they had, and deny the same remedy to those
who were open rebels, and yet whose prop-
erty was captured and whose property was
abandoned? Certainly not. The effect of
the decision of the Supreme Court is what we
have to deal with. I have nothing to do with
their logic.
The last clause of the amendment, as
amended, it does seem to me goes too far.
We recognize the fact that there are proper
claims pending in the Court of Claims brought
by loyal people for property captured and
abandoned during the war. We have given
jurisdiction to the Court of Claims to try,
hear, adjudge, and pay those claims. The
Court ol Claims has by its history proved that
it is a safe tribunal; that the interests of the
Government are protected there. Why should
we,-therefore, limit or restrain or curb either
the power of the Court of Claims or the right
of loyal claimants to sue and prosecute their
cases to final judgment? Why should we,
after they have got the decision of the Court
of -Claims, add that last clause requiring them
again to appeal to Congress for relief, for an
appropiiation ? Why should we deny to them
the right to appeal to the Supreme Court of
the United States, as we do in effect by that
particular clause ? The Supreme Court have
decided that they will not take jurisdiction of
any case where the result of their judgment is
not equivalent to an appropriation. 1 believe
that is the substance of that decision. .They
will not take jurisdiction on an appeal in any
ease where the judgment of the Court of Claims
would not be, if not appealed from, followed
by a payment from the Treasury of the United
States. That 1 believe is the effect of their
decision, although I am not very famdiur with it.
1 think, with a slight modification of the
latter clause, it is the duty of tne Senate to
put up the bars which have been thrown down
by the decision of the Supreme Court of the
United States; that it is one of t e most
important objects which can be attained. If
you commence allowing ail persons who have
lost property during the war. either as cap-
tured or abandoned, to recover tl.e proceeds,
what is the extent of those claims? The cot-
ton claims alone amounted to S70.000.000.
The amount at one time carried to the Treas-
ury, if I remember aright, was some forty
million dollars. Every one ol these claims
will be thrown open. All other pioperty
was included in this law. The very sweet
potatoes that my friend from Missouri [Mr.
Blair] ate on his way through Georgia were
"captured" and "abandoned," abandoned by
the fleeing rebels; the very tuikeys and chick-
ens and "plunder" that the army lived upon
in their march to the sea was captured and
abandoned property. If the Court of Claims
is to be opened for suits for this kind of prop
erty, where is to be the end of it, and why
should not these men have a remedy just as
much for property captured and abandoned in
this as any other way ?
Mr. HILL. Will my friend from Ohio allow
me to say that 1 think there is a very wide
distinction where no money went into the
Treasury from the captures and where it did
go as in the case of cotton? The capture of
turkeys, chickens, &c., did not bring anything
into the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. The law of 1803 did not
make any distinction in regard to going into
the Treasury. The distinction was this : that
where a loyal man in the South was compelled
to flee by rebels from his property and abandon
it to the rebels, the loyal man should have a
remedy; but the law was not intended to say
that if rebels -fled from Union soldiers and
abandoned their property they should have a
remedy. The Supreme Courtgives them that.
There is the gist of the whole case. The decis-
ion of the Supreme Court is an entire reversal
of the policy of Congress during the whole
war.
When the Senators and Representatives from
the South were here they said " We have Union
