1832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
executive session.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Minnesota moves that, the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After eight minutes spent in execu-
tive session the doors were reopened, and
(at five o'clock p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, March 20, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bbtler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
1UKKUUPT LAW.
Mr. CRITCHER, by unanimous eousent,
presented joint resolutions of the General As-
sembly of Virginia, relating to the bankrupt
law of the United States ; which were referred
to the Committee on Revision of the Laws of
the United States, and ordered to be printed.
DUTY ON SUMAC.
Mr. CRITCHER also, by. unanimous con-
sent, presented joint resolutions of the Gen-
eral Assembly of the State of Virginia, in
relation to the present duty on sumac ; which
were referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to be printed.
PRIVILEGES Off THE M.OOU.
Mr. LEWIS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Itules be
instruoted to inquire and report what amendments
to the rules, if any, are necessary to exclude from
the ilall during the deliberations of the House of
Representatives those not entitled to the privileges
of the same, and also to report what provisions are
neoessary to exclude therefrom those who abuse the
courtesy extended to them by interfering with and
attempting to influenco legislation.
PUBLICATION OF TIIE LAWS.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State bo, and is
hereby, requested to transmit to this House a list of
the names of all newspapers authorised to publish
the laws of the United States, with their respective
poet offices, and with a statement of the amount
already paid to oach and yet due to each for the
publication of tho laws.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution
was agreed to; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider bo laid on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
BRIDGES ACROSS TUB OHIO UIV1SR.
Mr HOLMAN. T rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I call up the motion to reconsider the
vote by which the bill (II. R. No. 827) to
authorize the construction of bridges across
the Ohio river and to prescribe the dimensions
of the same was recommitted to the Commit-
tee on Commerce. The bill is reported with
amendments. It has been generally consid-
ered by gentlemen interested in the navigation
of the Ohio river, and I presume that it will
give rise to no debate. In reading the bill I
desire the Clerk to include the amendments
recommended by the committee.
The bill, as proposed to be amended by the
Committeeon Commerce, was read.
The iii st section provides that any persons
or corporations, having lawful authority there-
for from the States upon whose soil the ends of
those bridges may rest, may erect bridges across
the Ohio river, for railroad or other uses, upon
compliance with tho provisions and require-
ments of this act.
The second section provides that every
bridge hereafter erected across the Ohio river
above the mouth of the Big Sandy shall have
at least one span of a height of not less than
ninety feet above low water, and of not less
than forty feet above local highest water, meas-
ured to the lowest part of the span; that every
bridge hereafter erected across the Ohio liver
below the mouth of the Big Sandy shall have
at least one span of a height of not less than one
hundred feet above low water, and of not less
than forty feet above highest water, measured
to the lowest part of the span ; that this high
span shall give a clear opening of at least tour
hundred feet between the piers, measured at
right angles to the current at every stage, and
that it shall be placed over that portion ot the
river used by boats during ordinary stages
of water; provided that in case this high
span is not over the low-water channel, suit-
able arrangements be made elsewhere to per-
mit the passage of single boats under the
bridge at low water; that all bridges over the
Ohio river below the Covington and Cincinnati
suspension bridge shall have, in addition to the
high span prescribed above, a jjivot-draw,
giving two clear openings of one hundred and
sixty feet each, measured at right angles to
the current at the average stage of water in the
river, and located in a part of the bridge that
can be safely and conveniently reached at that
stage; and that said draw, shall be opened
promptly, upon reasonable signal, for the pas-
sage of boats whose construction shall not be
such as to admit of their passage under the
permanent spans of said bridge, except when
trains are passing over the same.
The third section provides that the piers of
the high span and the piers of the draw shall
be built parallel with the current at that stage
of the river which is most important for navi-
gation : and that no ripraps or other outside
protection for imperfect foundations will be
permitted in the channel-way of the high span,
or of the draw openings.
The fourth section provides that any person,
company, or corporation authorized to con-
struct a bridge across the Ohio river by the
States upon whose territory said bridge will
abut, shall give notice, by publication for one
week in newspapers having a wide circulation,
in not less than two newspapers in the cities
of Pittsburg, Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis,
Memphis, and New Orleans, and shall submit
to the Secretary of War, for his examination,
a design of the bridge and piers, and a map of
the location, giving, for the space of at least
one mile above and one mile below the pro-
posed location, the topography of the bauks of
theriver, the shore-lines at high andlow water,
the direction of the current at all stages, and
the soundings accurately showing the bed of
the stream, the location of any other bridge or
bridges, and shall furnish such other inform-
ation as may be required for a full and satis-
factory understanding of the subject by the
Secretary of War; and if the Secretary of War
is satisfied that the provisions of the lav/ have
been complied with in regard to location, the
building of the piers may be at once com-
menced ; but if it shall appear that the con-
ditions prescribed by this act cannot be com-
plied with at the location where it is desired
to construct the bridge, the Secretary of War
shall, after considering any remonstrances
filed against tho building of said bridge, and
furnishing copies of such remonstrances to
the board of engineers provided for in this
act, detail a board composed of three expe-
rienced officers of the corps of engineers, to
examine the ease, and may on their recom-
mendation authorize such modifications in
the requirements of this act as to location and
piers as will permit the construction of the
bridge; not, however, diminishing the width
of the spans contemplated by this act; pro-
vided that the free navigation of the river be
not materially injured thereby.
The iifth section provides that all parties
owning or operating bridges over the Ohio
river shall maintain, at their own expense,
trom sunset to sunrise throughout the year,
such lights on their bridges as may be required
by the Light-House Board for the security of
navigation, and all persons owning or oper-
ating any bridge over the Ohio river .shall, in
any event, maintain all lights on their bridge
that may be necessary for the security ol nav:-
^The'sixth section provides that any bridgo
constructed under this act, and according to
its limitations, shall be a lawful structure, and
shall be recognized and known as a post r°u'e>
upon which, also, no higher charge shall be
made for the transmission over the same of the
mails, the troops, and the munitions of war
of the United States, than the rate per mile
paid for the transportation over the railroads
or public highways leading to said bridge ;
and in case of any litigation arising from any
obstruction or alleged obstruction to the navi-
gation of said river created by the construction
of any bridge under this act, the cause or ques-
tion arising may be tried before the district
court of the United States of any State 111
which any portion of said obstruction or bridgo
touchcs. .
The seventh section provides that the right
to alter or amend this act so as to prevent or
remove all material obstructions to the navi-
gation of said river by the construction of
bridges is hereby expressly reserved, without
any liability of the Government for damages
on account of the alteration or amendment
of this act, or on account of the prevention or
requiring the removal of any such obstructions.
The eighth section provides that joint reso-
lution No. 10, approved April _7, 1869, au-
thorizing the construction of a bridge over the
Ohio river atPaducah,be repealed.
The amendments reported by the committee
were agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. Does the consideration
of this bill displace the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. It does not, and the gen-
tleman from Indiana calls it up under the
impression that it will not lead to discussion
or consume time.
If the bill leads to debate
The bill, I think, will give
Mr. SARGENT.
I must ohject.
Mr. HOLMAN.
rise to no debate.
Mr. SARGENT. Let it pass, then.
Mr. McGRE W. I believe that it is my duty
to object to the consideration of this bill at
the present time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to say a word.
This bill was prepared by a board of engineers.
Mr. SARGENT. I am informed that tho
bill must lead to debate, that a motion will be
made to strike out the eighth section, and I
must therefore object to its consideration and
call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Holsax] is a priv-
ileged one. The gentleman calls it up as s
privileged motion, but it was brought up with
the understanding that the bill would not lead
to debate.
Mr. SARGENT. I so understood it.
Mr. HOLMA.N. I believe I had a right to
call up the motion to reconsider.
Mr. McGREW. A bill of this character
ought not to be forced through in this manner.
Mr. HOLMAN. This subject has been be-
fore the Committee on Commerce from the
beginning of the present Congress, and copies
of this bill have been submitted to every gen-
tleman who was supposed to be interested in
its provisions. This bill was prepared by
authority of a*cts of Congress by a board of
engineers consisting of Messrs. Warren,
Weitzel, and Merrill, andreparted to the War
Department in February, 1871. The bill was
introduced into the present Congress by my
colleague from the New Albany distnct, [Mr.
Kerr.] Some few amendments have been
reported designed to more ffFectually secure
the interests ot navigation, I think that after
so patient an examination of this subject by
the Committee on Commerce it would scarcely
be reasonable that the time of the Houxo
should be consumed in discussing the details
of this bill at this time. It has now been de-
