1834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
Mr. HOLMAN. I now yield to the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. McHenry.]
Mr. McHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I hope the
bill will be considered now. I have, myself,
two bills which I have been urging with great
persistency before the House in order that
they may be passed. They are similar to this
bill and they will no doubt pass the Commit-
tee on Commerce, but are now waiting action
on this bill. I understand this is all that any
railroad will want for the construction of any
bridge across the Ohio, and it is in every re-
spect satisfactory to gentlemen representing
what is peculiarly known as the river interest.
I have heard no objection from that source.
It is perfectly satisfactory, so far as I can
learn. It is a compromise, in fact, between
the river men and the railroad men, and the
passage of the bill will save discussion in this
Bouse on the passage of several other bills.
We want to get a bridge at Henderson, and
another at Owensboro, and two or three are
asked at the city of Louisville.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman from Indiana will call the previous
question.
Mr. HOLMAN. I propose to do that.
Mr. BINGHAM. Before thegentleman calls
the previous question, I ask leave to suggest a
verbalamendinent; in section seven, linethree,
after the word "the" and before the word
" constructed" to insert the word " future
so that it will read, "by the construction of
bridges," &c.
Mr. HOLMAN. I will yield the floor to
enable the gentleman from Ohio to move that
amendment. I do not see any objection to it
myself.
_ l'he SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
yield for that purpose without giving up the
floor altogether.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then I ask the gentle-
man to offer it himself.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 will offer that amend-
ment. I do not see any objection to it. I pre-
sume that is what the bill means now.
Mr. BINGHAM. It is exactly what it meaus.
Mr. HOLMAN. I now rise for the purpose
of calling the previous question, but before
doing so 1 desire to submit a remark or two.
In the first place I wish to say that this bill has
been recommended by the War Department
after most careful consideration of the whole
subject by a commission of competent engin-
eers. It has been, beside that, unanimously
reported from the Committee on Commerce,
after a most careful and patient examination.
I he passage of the bill at this time is a matter
of absolute public interest both as regards the
security of the nayigation of the Ohio, as well
as of the railroad corporations desiring to cross
it, and because other bills are being pressed
by members of the House on the attention of
the Committee on Commerce in both bodies
for special acts to bridge that river. We desire
by this general law, while making reasonable
concessions to railroad companies, to secure
the navigation of the Ohio river from any
obstructions whatever, having at the same time
due regard to the rights and interests which
Other means ot 'transportation imperatively
demand. I will yield for one minute to the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Crosslakd.J
Mr. CKOS&LAND. The joint resolution
authorizing the construction of the bridge over
the Ohio liver, at Paducah, passed two or
three years ago, and a large amount of the
stocked the company organized for its con-
struction was taken. That biidge was neces-
sary _ to connect Che great lines of railroads
coming from the north with the southern rail-
road system, and was therefore of much im-
portance in its bearings on the commerce of
the country. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holmak] himself admits ihat the pres-
ervation of the rights of the Paducah Bridge
Company, guarantied by joint resolution, will
in no manner aftect or interfere with naviga-
iica. I can therefore see no reason in the
world why the charter of the Paducah Bridge
Company shall be repealed. Navigation is
sufficiently protected by it. And all the engin-
eers who have given evidence on this subject
have failed to show to the House any reason
why that joint resolution ought to be repealed.
Mr. HOLMAN. My friend from Kentucky
[Mr. Crossland] labors under great misap-
prehension. The Paducah Bridge Company
was not incorporated by Congress at all. Its
incorporation was in virtue of State laws.
Mr. CROSSLAND. The company was en-
titled to construct the bridge by authority of
an act of Cougress.
Mr. HOLMAN. All the authority given to
the company was to bridge the river; and by
this act we give precisely the same authority,
only bringing the bridge within the provisions
of the general law.
Mr. CROSSLAND. I defy the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Holman] to show that nav-
igation will be in any degree protected by this
bill. I hope the House will strike out the
eighth section.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from ludiana a question. Will the effect
of this bill be to interfere with the construc-
tion of the Paducah bridge, as heretofore
authorized by Congress?
Mr. HOLMAN. It will not. The only
effect ot it is to bring the construction of the
bridge within the provisions of the general
law in regard to lights, &c., and in regard to
complying with the requirement of the War
Department. The object is to bring the bridge
under the provisions of the general law.
And I wish to say to the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Crossland] that this provision
of bringing the bridge under the operation of
the general law is recommended by the War
Department, and that the Committee on Com-
merce is unanimously of the opinion that it
would do no possible injustice to the Paducah
Bridge Company. It permits them to build in
conformity with the principles which have been
found necessary for the security of navigation.
Mr. CROSSLAND. Can the gentleman
show the House how the dimensions of the
bridge, as prescribed by the charter of the
Paducah company, will in any way interfere
with navigation?
Mr. POI1LR. What is the height above
low water prescribed for the bridge?
Mr. HOLMAN. One hundred feet.
Mr. POTTER. Do both-bills provide for
bridges one hundred feet in height?
Mr. HOLMAN. The general law provides
for an elevation of one hundred feet, with an
opening of four hundred feet between the
piers. I wish now to call the previous question.
Mr. CREBS. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a question ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object to
further debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask that the bill
be again reported.
The bill was again read.
Mr. HOLMAN. I yield for a moment to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Crebs.]
Mr. CREBS. I wish to suggest to the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Holmah] that com-
panies having been organized to build railroads
and having the right to cross the river at Padu-
cah, it you take that right away you destroy
those organizations.
• ^r'i DOLMAN. How do we take away that
right by this bill? 3
Mr. CREBS. You do, because by this bill
you take away the rights guaranteed by a
former act of Congress, and if you permit the
building of the bridge, it is on different con-
ditions. Ii the bridge at Paducah interfered
m any way with the navigation I would not
say a word, but it cannot possibly do so.
• . ^C-'MAN. Thejoiut resolution author-
izing the construction of this bridge passed the
House under very remarkable circumstances,
it was a special act, and the bridge has not
been built. This bill does not interfere with
the corporation incorporated to construct the
bridge. It still permits them to build the
bridge ; but it provides that hereafter a bridge
shall not be constructed across the Ohio
river except in conformity with the provisions
of the general law for the better security of
navigation. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The first question was upon the motion of
Mr. Crosslajjb, to strike out the eighth section
of the bill.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
52, noes 49; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 60, noes 82.
Mr. READ. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered, only
fourteen members voting therefor.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
The next question was upon the motion of
Mr. Bingham, to amend section seven by insert-
ing after the word "the," in the third line, the
word "future;" so that it will read :
That the right to alter or amend this act so as to
prevent or remove all material obstructions to the
navigation of said river by the future construction
of bridges is hereby expressly reserved, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill as amended was ordered to be
-engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WILLARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
report on insurrectionary states.
Mr. PENDLETON. I desire on be.half of
the Committee on Printing to call up the reso-
lution of the House to print extra copies of
ih<? majority and minority report of the joint
Committee to Inquire into the Condition of the
late Insurrectionary States, which has been
returned from the Senate with amendments.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Is this pnv-*,
ileged?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call for the
regular order of business.
Mr. PENDLEL'ON. I ask, then, that the
resolution be taken up and referred to the
Committee on Printing.
Therewas no objection, and it was so ordered.
tax on tobacco.
®r' PL ATT. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to yield to me to permit me to present
the memorial of twenty-six hundred working-
men of the city of Petersburg, Virginia, asking
for a uniform tax on tobacco ; and I ask to
have the resolution adopted bv them read.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 cannot yield
lor reading.
Mr. PLATE. I do not ask to have the
memorial printed, simply that the resolution
shall be read, and that the memorial and reso-
lution shall be referred to the Committee of
Ways and Means.
There was no objection, and the Clerk read
the preamble and resolution, as follows:
infetion Congress has kept and
is still keeping thousands of hard laborer* noor
i S" tauiij'ts' °.utof employment, aucPthe
wouid,be f< tered and maintained by
Jf m?.nufilot<5re<l article the lowest pos-
fioL   of taxation, and a uniform rate say of six-
teen cents per pound: Xoerclore,
iifi(?n/r^AfTthat 'he °,fi?rilt'vya the tobacco mn-
p y Petersburg do mosi earnestly
petition Congress to act at once upon thorit" of
thft?t'h« r °v h PUl 1?pon ."?anut'«!tured tobacco, and
cents upon p'ound.'1" Bt * rate ot'
1 he memorial was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means.
ollder of business.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
one thing tor the beoefit of the House. A
