TELE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 9,
county returns were received by mail in the
office of the secretary of State inside of twenty
days after the election on the 8th day of No-
vetrfbet, 1870; that he was present when the
official canvass of the vote was made by the
secretary of State, in the presence of Governor
Clayton, and that that was the only official ean-
vass ever made of the election returns from the
third congressional district: that by that can
vass contestant received the majority above
stated} that the Governor, on the ensuing 19th
day of January, 1871, issued his certificate
to Hanks and Snyder respectively, members
elected at the same time to the Forty-Second
Congress, from the first and second districts,
while it appears from the face of the certifi-
cate that the Governor withheld the certificate
in the third district until the 20th day of Feb-
ruary, 1871, and then issued it to the contestee.
There is a great deal more in the pleadings
and proof embodied in one hundred and sixty-
seven pages of closely printed matter, but noth-
ing more material to a proper understanding
of the merits of this contest.
And upon the whole case, as made up in
this refeord, the conclusion seems irresistible
that the election held in the third congres-
sional district in the State of Arkansas, on
November 8, 1870, for a member of the Forty-
Second Congress, was, saving some immaterial
irregularities, held, carried on, and consum-
mated according to law, and that the contest-
ant received 10,314 votes, and a clear majority
of 2,113 votes over his competitor, the con-
testee.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. As some
gentlemen of the House seem not to have un-'
derstood the statement that I made at the
opening of this discussion, I will simply repeat
that the committee in this case are unanimous
in their report; and I will say further, that
admitting as evidence all the sitting member
claims should be received—that is, admitting
tbealleged irregularities at certain voting pre-
cincts m Pulaski county—the contestant is
still elected by a large majority.
Mr. POTTER. Even excluding those dis-
puted precincts?
Mr. HAZEL 1 ON, of Wisconsin. Yes, sir;
excluding those, he is still elected by a clear
and decisive majority.
The resolution reported by the Committee
of Elections was unanimously adopted.
, Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsidcr be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I desire
to ask on behall of Mr. Boles that he may have
permission to print in the Globe some remarks
which he has prepared on this question.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
[See Appendix.]
Ihe SPEAKER, If Mr. Boles is present,
he will present himself to take the oath of
of office.
Mr. TnoMAS Boi.es then presented himself,
and was duly qualified by taking the oat.h of
office prescribed by the act of July 2, 1862.
PKIVAT1S CALBNDAli.
Mr. PERCE. I take tlie floor for the pur-
pose of moving that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar.
IIJStKS OF COLONEL FKANCIS VIGO.
Mr. VOORHEES. I ask unanimousconsent
to report from the Committee on the Judiciary
a joint resolution (H. R„ No. 74) referring the
claim of the heirs and legal representatives of
Colonel Francis Vigo, deceased, to the Court
of Claims for adjustment.
The joint resolution, which was read for in-
formation, provides that the claim of the heirs
and legal representatives of Colonel Francis
Vigo, deceased, late of Terre Haute, Indiana,
for money and supplies furnished ihe troops
under command of General George Rogers
Clark in the year 1778, during the revolu-
tionary war, be referred, along with all the
papers arid official documents belonging there-
to, to the Court of Claims, with full jurisdic-
tion to adjust and settle the same ; and, in
making such adjustment and settlement, the
court is to be governed by the rules and reg
ulations heretofore adopted by the United
States in the settlement of like cases, giving
proper consideration to official acts if any have
heretofore been had in connection with this
claim, and without regard to the statutes of
limitations.
Mr. VOORHEES. At tie request of the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary,
I will change it from a joint resolution into a
bill.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The bill (H. R. No. 1421) was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
MRS. 51. G. VATOII AND MRS. L. JACKMAR.
Mr. VOORHEES, by unanimous consent,
presented the petition of Mrs. Martha G.
Vaugh and Mrs. Louisa Jackmar; whieh was
referred to the Committee ou Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
PHILADELPHIA POST OFFICE.
Mr. "L. MYERS, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
agreed to :
_ liezolved. That the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds be, and are hereby, instructed to
inquire mto the expediency of erecting now build-
ings for the accommodation of the post office and
United States courts in the city of Philadelphia
and report by bill or otherwise. '
UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT, GEORGIA.
Mr. WHITELEY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1422) to take
away the jurisdiction of the United States dis-
trict court for the northern district of Georgia,
to create a circuit court in said district, and
for other purposes; which was read a first
and second tune, referred to the Committee
ou the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER,. The Chair allows this
irregularity in the proceedings because the
proceedings of Monday last precluded many
members from introducing bills ; but he gives
notice that hereafter he shall enforce the rule
with absolute exactness.
CHICAGO AND MOBILE RAILROAD.
Mr. McNEELY, by unanimous consent,
presented the joint resolutions of the General
Assembly of the State of Illinois, asking Con-
gress to enforce a certain act of Congress enti-
tled ''An act to grant the right of vvav and
make a grant of lands to the States of Illinois,
Mississippi, and Alabama in aid of the construc-
tion of a railroad from Chicago to Mobile,"
and to cause the aims and purposes thereof
to he carried out; which were read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Public Lauds, and ordered to be printed.
IIENKY BAUMAN AND OTHERS.
Mr. MERCUR, by unanimous consent,
moved that the Committee on Private Land
Claims be discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition of Henry Bauuian and
two hundred and fifty other Union soldiers in
the late war, praying an act be passed giving
to the soldieis, sailors, and marines the amount
per month therein mentioned, and for an
amendment of July 5, 1870, allowing entry ou
lauds therein provided without actual settle-
ment and cultivation, and that the same be
referred to the Committee on the Public Lauds,
ihe motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATUS COURTS.
Mr. FARWELL, by unanimous consent,
moved to take from the Speaker's table a bill
(. . No. 353) to restore the records of the
United States in the northern district of
Illinois.
The motion" was agreed to; and the bill was
taken up and read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
UNITED STATES JUDGE IN ILLINOIS.
Mr. FARWELL, by unanimous consent,
also introduced a bill (H. Ii. No. 1423) to fix
the compensation of the judge of the United
States district court for the northern district
of Illinois; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
JOHN B. WOODWARD.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill (H. It. No. 1424)
to reimburse John E. Woodward for cer-
tain moneys paid by him; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed
with the accompanying papers, and recom-
mitted.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAMES COATS.
Mr. McKEE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 142o) for the reKef
of James Coats; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is it necessary to make a
motion to reconsider the various references in
these eases ?
The SPEAKER. The rule provides for all
individual cases.
REMOVAL OE POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1426) to
relieve certain citizens of Georgia from their
political disabilities; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
BANKRUPT ACT.
_ Mr. D DELL. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas experience has shown that the bankrupt
law, so called, injuriously affects the business and
credit of the country, and the proceedings therein
unc°r'ainty, delay, and enormous
expense to creditors: Therefore
Thafc. theuCommittee on the Judiciary
a hiu ar° hi?reb& 1I]Structed to report to this
Mouse a bill repealing the act entitled "An act cstab-
system of bankruptcy throughout
tae United btates, approved March 2,18(57.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The resolu-
tion instructs the committeee to report a bill.
I object, unless it be merely for reft-renee.
.i. As objection is made, I move
that the resolution be referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
INDKPKNDENCIS HALL.
Mr. BIRD, by unanimous consent, presented
a joint resolution of the Legislature of New
Jersey, instructing the Senators and Repre-
sentatives from that State to vote for the pur-
chase of Independence Hall; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Gronnws, and ordered to be printed.
ORDRU OK liUSIN'ESS.
_ Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I ask unan-
imous consent to report back a bill from the
Oommirtee on the Judiciary.
at ft,1'' la tlie bil1 reP°rted foraction
at this time?
 l V*-? Chair understands
Mr. PERCE. Then 1 object.
!or''he regu-lar order.
. 5 gentleman from Mis-
sissippi [Mr. I buck] will proceed, or he must
surrender the floor.
