1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1835
gentleman will demand the regular order, and
another member rises and states that the gen-
tleman waives it for his benefit. Waiving it
in that way waives it altogether. The Chair
requests that if a gentleman wants the regular
order he really demand it. If he demands it
for the sake of giving way to some one else,
that waives it entirely. The regular order had
better not be demanded by any gentleman
unless he intends to insist upon it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Will the Chair
allow me to make a remark?
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have, I sup-
pose, demanded the regular order and objected
to unanimous consents at least forty times to
every other gentleman's ten times during this
session, and I would be very glad if 1 could
have the support of gentlemen who desire to
have this machine proceed to grind out its
work, but after demanding the regular order,
when I am called on on all sides to yield, I
should be doing an ungracious, unkind, and
almost unfriendly thing if I refused.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I call for the
regular order of business. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The regular order being,
demanded, the morning hour commences, at
ten minutes past one o'clock, and reports are
in order from the Committee on Commerce.
BRIDGES ACROSS THE MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back, with amendments,
Senate bill No. 547, to authorize the construc-
tion of a bridge across the Mississippi river
at or near the town of Clinton, m the State oi
Iowa, and other bridges across said river, and
to establish them as post roads.
The bill was read.
The first section provides that it shall be
lawful for any person or persons, company
or corporation, to build a bridge across_ the
Mississippi river, at such point on said river,
within fifteen miles of the town ot Clinton, in
the State of Iowa, as may accommodate the
Chicago, Burlington, and Quincy railroad and
its connections on the west side of said river,
and to lay on or over said bridge railway
tracks for the more perfect connection of any
railroads that are or shall be constructed to
the said river at or opposite said point, under
the limitations and conditions hereinafter pro-
vided ; that said bridge shall not interfere with
the free navigation of said river beyond what
is necessary m order to carry into effect the
rights and "privileges hereby granted; and in
case of any litigation arising from any obstruc-
tion, or alleged obstruction, to the freenaviga-
lion of said river, the cause may be tried before
the district court of the United States of any
State in which any portion of said obstruction
or bridge touches, provided that said bridge
shall not be so located or constructed as to
interfere in any manner with the approaches
to the railroad bridge now erected at Clinton,
or with the piers of the same, or so as to
obstruct in any manner the passage of said
bridge by boats, vessels, or rafts, or to ren-
der such passage more difficult or dangerous;
provided, however, that this clause shall not
be construed to prohibit the crossing of the
approaches to said bridge, if such crossing
shall be fouud necessary.
The second section provides that any bridge
built under the provisions of this act may, at
the option of the company building the same,
be built as a draw-bridge, with a pivot or other
form of draw, or with unbroken or continuous
spans ; provided, that if the said bridge shall
be made with unbroken and continuous spans,
it shall not be of less elevation, in any case,
than fifty feet above extreme high-water mark,
as understood at the point of location, to the
bottom chord of the bridge; nor shall the
spans of said bridge be less than two hundred
and fifty feet in length, and the piers of said
bridge shall be parallel with the current of the
river: and the main span shall be over.the mam
channel of the river, and not less than three
hundred feet in length; and provided also
that if any bridge built under this act shall be
constructed as a draw bridge, the same shall
be constructed as a pivot draw-bridge with a
draw over the main channel of the river at an
accessible and navigable point, and with spans
of not less than one hundred and sixty feet in
length in the clear on each side of the central
or pivot pier of the draw; and the next ad-
joining spans to the draw shall not be less
than two hundred and fifty feet; and said
spans shall not be less than thirty feet above
low-water mark, and not less than ten above
extreme high-water mark, measuring to the
bottom chord of the bridge ; and the piers of
said bridge shall be parallel with the current
of the river where said bridge may be erected;
and provided also that said draw _ shall be
opened promptly, upon reasonable signal, for
the passage of boats.
The third section provides that any bridge
constructed under this act, and according to
its limitations, shall be a lawful structure, and
shall be known and recognized as a post route,
upon which, also, no higher charge shall be
made for the transmission over the same of
the mails, the troops, and the munitions of war
of the United States than the rate per mile
paid for their transportation over the railroads
or public highways leading to the said bridge,
and the United States shall have the right of
way for postal-telegraph purposes across said
bridge.
The fourth section provides that all railway
companies desiring to use the said bridge shall
have and be entitled to equal rights and priv-
ileges in the passage of the same, and in the use
of the machinery and fixtures thereof, and of all
the approaches thereto, under and upon such
terms and conditions as shall be prescribed by
the Secretary of War, upon hearing the allega-
tions and proofs of the parties in case they
shall not agree.
The fifth section provides that the structure
herein authorized shall be built under and sub-
ject to such regulations for the security of the
navigation of said river as the Secretary of
War shall prescribe, and the said structure
shall be at all times so kept and managed as
to offer reasonable and proper means for the
passage of vessels through and under said
structure j and. the said structure stall be
changed at the cost and expense of the owners
thereof, from time to time, as Congress may
direct, so as to preserve the free and conven-
ient navigation of said river; and the author-
ity to erect and continue said bridge shall be
subject to revocation by law whenever the pub-
lic good shall in the judgment of Congress so
r6^he sixth section provides that a bridge
may be constructed and maintained across the
Mississippi river, at any point they may select,
between the counties of Carroll and White-
sides, in the State of Illinois, and the coun-
ties of Jackson and Clinton, in the State or
Iowa, either by the Western Union Railroad
Company or the Sabula, Ackley, and Dakota
Railroad Company, or both of them, or by
either or both of their successors or assigns,
or by anv person, company, or corporation
having authority from the States of Illinois
and Iowa. The bridge authorized to be
built by this section is hereby declared to be a
post route, and has all the privileges, and is
subject to all the terms, restrictions, and re-
quirements contained in the foregoing sections
of this act. ., , .,
The seventh section provides that a bridge
may be constructed and maintained acrossthe
Mississippi river, at any point they may select,
between the county of La Crosse, in the State
of Wisconsin, and the county of Houston, in
the State of Minnesota, by the Milwaukee and
St. Paul Railway Company, their successors
or assigns, or by any person, OOIf Pa"y' "
corporation having authority from the States
of Wisconsin and Minnesota. The-bridge
authorized to be built by this section is hereby .
declared to be a post route, and has all the
privileges, and is subject to all the terms, re-
strictions, and requirements contained in the
foregoing sections of this act. _
The eighth section authorizes the Mus-
catine Western Railroad Company, or their
assigns, a corporation existing under the laws
of the State of Iowa, to construct and main-
tain a bridge across the Mississippi river at the
city of Muscatine, in the State of Iowa. The
bridge authorized to be built this section is
hereby declared to be a post route, and shall
have all the privileges, and is subject to all the
terms, restrictions, and requirements contained
in the foregoing sections of this act.
The ninth section reserves the right to alter
or amend thi3 act, so'as to prevent er remove
all material obstructions to the navigation of
said river by the construction of bridges.
The tenth scction provides that this act shall
take effect and be in force from and after its
passage.
The first amendment reported from the
Committee on Commerce was to insert the
words "and located" after the word "built,''
in the fifth section ; so that it will read, " that
the structure herein authorized shall be built
and located under and subject to such regula-
tions," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the words
"and modification" after the word "revoca-
tion," in the fifth section; so that it will read,
"and the authority to erect and continue said
bridge shall be subject to revocation and mod-
ification by law," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add to section
five the words "without any responsibility or
charge to the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert between
sections eight and nine the following as a new
section :
Sec. —. That should the Seorctary of "War be of
opinion that the interests of navigation will be
promoted by a modification of the plan of construc-
tion of the bridge at or near Clinton, as authorized
by this act, he may direct such modification in the
ease of that bridge, and it shall be constructed
accordingly.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I believe this bill
provides for four new bridges^ across the Mis-
sissippi river. Am I correct in that?
Mr SAWYER. The gentleman is correct.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I do not expect to
defeat the passage of this bill, although I think
we are unnecessarily restricting and burden-
ing cheap water transportation by multiplying
bridges of this character. But until we have
a general bridge law for the Mississippi river,
something like that which we passed this morn -
ing for the Ohio river, I suppose we cannot
stop the passage of this bill. I object to the
amendment now proposed, because it puts
power out of the Congress which I think Con-
gress should never yield to an executive ofh-
cer of the Government. This amendment will
give to an executive officer of the Government
the power to determine the width of the span
of the bridge. Now I say that the width ot
the span should always be specified in the law,
and I think that has always been the course
of legislation heretofore. Ihere.ore i thin
that this amendment at least should not be
^M^SAWYER. It was supposed that the
interests of St. Louis would be promoted by
this amendment. If there is opposition to it
I will not press it.
The amendment was not agreed „o.
The last amendment was to add to the last
section of the bill the words without any
expense or charge to the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then read tnc
third time, and passed. ,
Mr. SAWYER moved to reconsider the vote
