1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2731
until 1867. If that had been the case, the
property taken up to that time, although there
were no hostile armies in the field, would come
under the rule which I understand the Gov-
ernment has laid down for its guidance ; but
after the war had been declared to have ceased
by the President of the United States, then, I
say, I have not understood it to be the policy
of this Government to declare that there should
be no remedy to the citizen. But such is the
effect of the legislation upon the subject.
Without the color of authority, except sim-
ply the power that resided with the military
officers, or with the agent of the Government
of the United States, to whose assistance
the bayonets at any time eould be called to
enforce his demand, property of the southern
people was taken, was sold, converted into
money, and the proceeds placed in the Treas-
ury of the Government of the United States. I
wish to know whether the Government is dis-
posed to declare that they are entitled, under
their own rulings, to property of this kind, or
the proceeds of property of this character.
Remember that I am not complaining at
all of the rule that the Government has laid
down for its guidance up to the time that
the war was declared by the President to have
ceased. I am speaking after the fact, when
the war had been declared to have ceased,
when the proclamation of the President had
been made, when the citizen was declared to
be under the protection of the civil power of
this nation. Then it was that officers of the
Army and agents of this Government came,
and, disregarding this proclamation, seized
the property of an unarmed, a prostrate, a
conquered, a subjugated, a poverty-stricken
people, and of the least intelligent class of
that people all over the land. If the Govern-
ment of the United States sanctions this, I
simply wish to know it; and as in everything
else we have yielded, I shall bow to it, because
there is no remedy but the will of the nation.
The Government, it was said by the Senator
from New York some time ago, has exercised
a humanity that is unparalleled in the history
of civilized Governments, and the evidences,
that Senator saw proper to say, were now pres-
ent of the humanity of that Government. I
stand in the presence of the Senator confess-'
ing the fact that I feel that in many things the
Government has been up to the demands of
civilization. I have so argued, so spoken, and
I so feel to-day; but the Government has not
been in all its legislation without some evi-
dences of passion in that legislation.
Mr. CONKLING. Did the Senator refer
to me in the remark he made a moment ago?
Mr. ALCORN. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator tell me
on what occasion I ever made the remark he
quotes?
Mr. ALCORN. It was in the month of
December; I am not able now to state the
day; but it was upon the discussion of the
political disability bill at the time that the
Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
offered his amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. And the remark that
the Senator attributes to me is, that the evi-
dences were present of the mercy of the Gov-
ernment?
Mr. ALCORN. Yes, sir; so I understood.
I have'not seen the remarks of the Senator in
the Globe, but I certainly so understood him
and feel that I cannot be mistaken. If, how-
ever, the Senator asserts that I am mistaken,
I very cheerfully withdraw what I have said
on that point.
Mr. CONKLING. It is quite an unimport-
ant matter. I was struck with the novelty of
the Senator's remark if applied to me; and
when I asked whether I was right in suppos-
ing the Senator attributed the remark to me,
and learning that I was, my surprise did not
diminish at all. I make no point with the
Senator about it, however.
Mr. ALCORN. As the matter, then, is not
important to the Senator from New York, it
is equally unimportant to me, except that I
desire to be within the limits of the truth. If
I am mistaken, the Globe will, perhaps, cor-
rect me; but I certainly cannot be mistaken
in the language used by the Senator. I paid
especial attention to what he said, and yet I
may have misunderstood him.
I was going forward, Mr. President, to say
that there was some evidences of passion in
the legislation of the Government. If I have
a voice here that is worth anything at all, I
trust that it will always be heard in the direc-
tion of a course calculated to pacify and har-
monize the sections of this country. It is
important to the southern people that it should
be so, and I maintain that it is no less import-
ant to the northern people that it should be so.
It is a necessity to this nation that the war
should cease, that the memories of the war
should cease, and that we of the South should
cease to feel that we are under the heel of the
Government. We wish to cease to feel that.
It is offensive to us that we should be called
rebels to-day ; but we have to submit to that.
We failed in the rebellion. We recognized
all that that failure implied, and we have sub-
mitted ourselves as well as we could to all
that was implied in that failure. Can we do
more? We have come forward and proposed
to support this Government. We have given,
some of us, the evidences of our sincerity.
We have done everything that the Government
asked us to do ; and yet it seems that in
some portions of the country there is a feeling
against us, that we are yet the rebel portion
of this country. We wish to feel that we are
loyal people; we wish to be recognized as
loyal people ; and not as hypocrites who come
here to make professions to the Government
that we do not feel.
We are not particularly afraid of anything
now. The war is ended, and there is no pen-
alty prescribed against a man 's delivering now
whatever sentiments he chooses.
To assert as a fact that we are disloyal to
this Government is an imputation upon our
truth. To assert that we are enemies to this
Government charges us with falsehood. We
declare ourselves to be the supporters of this
Government; we have none other. When the
war ended we returned to the flag of our
fathers and embraced it, feeling that we yet
had a Government capable and willing to pro-
tect us; and each and every advance of that
Government toward us in the spirit of human-
ity, commiserating with us in our misfortunes,
has touched our hearts, and we have sought
to respond 'to that demonstration of the Gov-
ernment in a way that became us.
But, as I said, the Government has shown
some temper in its legislation. When the
fourteenth amendment was submitted to the
southern people I know it was complained
that they refused to accept it. But, sir. they
were told by the President of the United
States at that time that it was not proper for
them to accept it. They were not willing
themselves, as a question submitted to them,
to accept the fourteenth amendment, because
its provisions were to disqualify those who
had been their favorites, those who had been
their political idols, if you please, from hold-
ing office. They did not wish to do that.
No reasonable man would suppose that there
was any one in the South who was willing, if the i
matter was submitted to him, to vote for a
provision like that of the fourteenth amend-
ment, and certainly the southern people could
not have been expected to accept that four-
teenth amendment when the President of
the United 'States himself declared to them
that it would not be proper for them to do so,
that they would not be required by the northern
people to accept the fourteenth amendment.
To then go forward and accept the fourteenth
amendment would have been to humiliate i
themselves ; it would have been a self imposed i
humiliation, and they did not see proper to do 1
that. But when the northern people declared
in the election of 1866 in favor of the fourteenth
amendment, the southern people then came
forward and accepted itastholaw of the nation
expressed toward themselves. What were they
to do ? Then there came the reconstruction
acts. The reconstruction.acts were the result,
as I think, of the passions of the southern peo-
ple. I have ever blamed the southern people,
and given to them their share of the responsi-
bility for the reconstruction acts. They showed
passion in their legislation in the humiliation
which they felt, and they manifested in that
legislation that they were called upon to share
in the Southern States a spirit of irritability,
a spirit of resentment which. developed itself
toward the colored people of the South, in
which the southern people in the hour of their
passion wrote a false chapter in their own his-
tory. Sir, their legislation toward the colored
people was cruel. I say it was a legislation
that was false to themselves. It was not the
feeling of the southern people to have so legis-
lated, but they did it, and they were respons-
ible for it.
Congress then saw that one of two things
was necessary: they had either (and they had
a right to so feel) to send an army there to
protect the colored people, or they had to give
the colored man the ballot to protect himself.
The first was not to be thought of in a repub-
lican Government, and the only remedy that
Congress had was to give the colored man the
ballot.
It had not been the purpose of this Gov-
ernment to extend the franchise to the col-
ored people. As late as 1865, when Congress
met, there were but seven men in this body
and some fifteen in the Hjuse of Represent-
atives who were m fav'or of extending the
franchise to (.he colored people. As a south-
ern man I was at that time in favor of it. I
believed that it would prove to be a necessity,
and I urged the southern people to extend the
franchise to the colored men. But the North
was not in favor of it. The necessity for so
extending the franchise was made. The North
in truth could not avoid it. The colored man
was allowed to vote.
Then came the reconstruction acts. The
reconstruction acts provided that any person
who was inhibited from holding office under
the fourteenth amendment should be inhibited
from voting upon the question of the restora-
tion or reconstruction of the southern States.
Pardoned though I was by the grace of this
nation, an advocate'of reconstruction, an ad-
vocate of colored suffrage, nevertheless I had
no right to vote at the election; and such was
the legislation of the Government that while I
could be subsequently a candidate for Governor
and accept and qualify in the office of Gov-
ernor, I was not in truth a voter, and could not
vote, the reconstruction acts having made no
exception in favor of any one under the dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment.
But now I say, in the face of this legislation
upon the part of the southern States, which
was cruel toward the colored man, Congress
disfranchised the southern people, gave the
ballot into the hands of the colored people,
placed the political sovereignty of this nation
in their hands, provided that the constitution
adopted by them should be submitted here,
and that it should be republican in its form,
aqd then left the southerner with his property,
that little which had been left to take care of
himself, in the hands of the colored people.
Then there were those who came among us
who sought to stir up ill feeling between the
colored race and the southern people, between
the propertied class and the unpropertied class
of voters, the property class being disqualified
from voting, and the propertyless class being
enfranchised.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
a question?
Mr. ALCORN. Yes, sir.
