1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3627
oeed with the work September 28,1867. The letter
of General Kuckcr. the conversations and agree-
ments with Geneial Crosuian, and the various cir-
cumstances recited in said evidence, with the situa-
tion of the buildings, the exposed condition of the
Government property, authorized tbe contractors,
alter considerable delay, to proceed, doing what-
ever was required, all matters of difference to be
adjusted by a board of experts or arbitrators. We
are all reasonably satisfied that the balance of the
work was done with this understanding. When
final settlement came, the Government officers
wholly refused to recognize this agreement, and
would adjust the matter only by the contract price.
It is in evidence, and satisfactorily proven, that,
using reasonable dispatch, this building could have
been completed according to the terms of the con-
tract, in the month of December, 1867; that without
any neglect on the part of the contractors, the
laborers, the overseers, and master-workmen, being
ail approved by the supervising architect, tho
building was not completed until the following
March; th.it it could have been so erected for the
contract price; that its actual cost was very much
incieased, and its value to ::,e Government greatly
enhanced; that the store-house is a first-class build-
ing, worth more than has been paid tor it, including
the judgment ot the Court of Claims; and that these
contractors have been heavy losers by its construc-
tion, a fact asciibable neither to error in judgment
uor to fault in execution, to any noticeable extent.
"Subsequent to the completion of this work and to
the relusal of the Government officers to pay other
than the contract price, these claimants sued the
United States in the Court of Claims, recovered
judgment for $34,235, this sum being allowed for
'extras,' the court ruling that they could not, un-
der tho law, consider the question of damages. In
renderii'g this judgment the court followed the esti-
mate of Mr. Fi'azcr, the architect, correctcd and
increased in his testimony, above said judgment, by
the sum of fourteen thousand dollars and over. This
claimant, assignee to A, Grant & Co., contractors,
seeks allowance for s,iid $14,000; also for damages
amouniing, as he alleges, to $17,403. Satisfied that
many ot the allegations set forth in the claimant's
memorial ai e true; that his losses have been large ;
that ill justice and equity he is entitled to a more
complete and thorough hearing and investigation
than the time of this committee will allow them to
give: that tbe importance of the questions submit-
ted and of tho interests involved require other tnan
an ex parte examination, your committee are of
opinion tha.t the [Secretary ot War should be author-
ized to examine and adjust this memorialist's claim
for damages, but that his claim for compensation
tor extras having been adjudicated by a court of
competent jurisdiction, and 110 appeal having been
entered within the time allowed therefor by law,
this decision on that branch of bis case is final.
"Wherefore they recommend the passage of the
accompanying bill as a substitue for Mouse bill
No. 41."
Mr. HOLMAN. I will state the ground on
which this cas-i rests. Grant was a contractor
for the erection of a public building ill Phila-
delphia. The appropriation for tbe purpose
was $140,000 ; the contract price was $138,000.
Grant weut before the Court of Claims claim-
ing two items; one about forty-seven thousand
dollars for extra work, &e.; the other about
foriy-six thousand dollars for damages sus-
tained by hitn by reason of the delay which
occurred from lime to time during the progress
of ilie work, 'lhe Court of Claims allowed
$34,225 14 of the $-17,000, but, rejected the
claim as to damages, i read from the opin-
ion of the court, and I ask for it the attention
of members of tbe House:
" On the whole case we reject the claim for damages
altogether, and award juil^inent for extra work ac-
tually done and mnteriaU furnished, which, accord-
ing to tbe estimates of jMr. Frazer, the defandant's
own architect, we find, rejecting all items that may
be legi iui:itelv referred to the contract, amount to
the sum of 531,225 14, for which judgment will be
entered."
The amount thus awarded by the court has
been paid. After adjudication of the case
by the tribunal created by tho Government
for the consideration ol claims of this kind,
the sum of $84,22o 14 has been awarded to
this claimant and paid to him out of the
Treasu ry.
Now let me call attention to the fact that
as to tiie award even of that sum, Judge
Loring, one of the most enlightened judges
of the court., held lhat the party was entitled
to recover only $8,000; but the majority of
tbe court awaided him the $34,000. Now,
after this judgment of the court is pronounced
and the question of damages deliberately
passed upon by the court, this party comes be-
fore Congress and a-ks us to pay a claim which
the court disallowed. Why, sir, what is the
use of having a Court of Claims? Where are
claims against the Government to end if we
allow payment in such a case as this? The
Government has organized, at the instance
of claimants against the Treasury, a complete
court; that court passes upon a claim and
the claimant gets his money, and then he
comes before CoDgress and demands more.
Why, sir, there are thousands and tens of
thousands of honest claimants against the
Government throughout the country whose
claims, amounting to many million dollars,
are unjustly delayed year after year until the
claimants die almost in the corridors of your
Capitol. The idea that after a claim has once
been adjudicated and paid, Congress should
reopen it and award additional money is, it
seems to me, contrary to all that should char-
acterize the practice of a Government in deal-
ing with its citizens. Therefore, sir, standing
upon this public record, I object to the passage
of this bill.
Mr. FRYE. Mr. Speaker, the argument
made by tbe gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
IIoi.man] is ad captandum. I simply ask the
ear of the House for a few moments in rela-
tion to this claim, which, when properly under-
stood, will, I think, appeal to the common
sense and sound judgment of the House.
A. Grant & Co. took a contract in 1867 for
the erection of a public building in Philadel-
phia according to certain plans and specifica-
tions. From the moment they commenced
operations upon the building up to the very
moment they completed the work, they suffered
every interruption that the imagination can
possibly conceive. In the contract itself a
Philadelphia architect, one of the first men
of the country in his profession, was joined
with General Crosman; and allow me to say
here that General Crosman was an old regu-
lar Army officer, who has since been retired,
who was too old to attend to the business, and
who admitted in his examination before the
Court of Claims that he knew nothing prac-
tically about the matter committed to his
care.
Now, the first step in the erection of thisbuild-
ing was to procure the bricks for it. Grant
made a contract with a Philadelphia brick
man for brick for the building. He makes his
contract, and takes his architect with him;
and the architect approves of the contract;
and the bricks are themselves of a superior
character—in the testimony before the Court
of Claims of a better quality than the contract
required—the contract price being twelve dol-
lars a thousand. He goes on and puts them
in for twelve months, and then General Cros-
man says the bricks are not suitable, while
the architect, who knew all about them, says
they are suitable. A collision came up be-
tween the architect named in the contract and
General Crosman. The architect was com-
pelled to resign and did resign, and another
was appointed in his place.
Now, by reason of that conflict on the part
of General Crosman with the architect, this
man Grant was compelled to give up his con-
tract for bricks that came to twelve dollars
a thousand, and to pay nineteen dollars a
thousand instead of twelve dollars a thousand
to the very men whose testimony General
Crosman relied on to show the bricks were not
sufficient. And when those bricks were brought
into the Court of Claims there were fourteen
witnesses called there who testified according
to the samples produced that the bricks pur-
chased at twelve dollars a thousand were bet-
ter bricks than the bricks contracted for at
nineteen dollars a thousand. There was no
conflict in the testimony at all on this point.
Again, General Crosman through his aids,
a captain and another subordinate officer, al-
most every night when the brick-men had got
through and left their work, would take their
posse of men and go and tear down, without any
consultation with the architect himself, or the
contractor, all the work which had been done
during the day.
Mr. HO LMAN. Will the gentleman from
Maine indulge me in asking him a question ?
Mr. FRYE. Certainly.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to inquire of tha
gentleman whether all these facts were not
before the Court of Claims when they decided
this case ?
Mr. FRYE. I am coming to that in its
order.
Again, Mr. Speaker, when the workmen
wanted to haul those bricks into contiguity with
this building and near where they were to be
used, these military subordinates would make
them haul them off half a mile from the build-
ing and there dump them. This compelled
them to reload them and rehaul these bricks
back to where they were to be used. I say, as
the report shows, and if any member will read
that report he will come to the same conclu-
sion—he will come to this conclusion and none
other, that these military men, these subordi-
nates of General Crosman, were determined to
break down A. Grant & Co., and that they
exercised the most outrageous liberties with
the workmen and with the work connected with
this contract. Otherwise the contract would
have been completed by that fall. By reason
of this interference it was not completed until
next season. It could have been completed
for $138,000. By this interference it cost over
two hundred thousand dollars.
Now, sir, a dispute arose there, and finally
a letter was written from General Meigs to
Genera!Crosman in about these words: '• Sir,
there are millions of Government property
exposed. This building must be finished.
Do not have any more disputes. Have them
all continued. Close the contract, and then
let them be settled." In consequence of that
letter General Crosman entered into an agree-
ment with A. Grant & Co., who had stopped
everything—suspended their work. Heentered
into a contract with A. Grant & Co. that they
should do all the officer of tbe Government
required them to do, and the whole matter
should be the subject of arbitration when they
got through. As a consequence A. Grant &
Co. obeyed the bidding ot General Crosman
and did all he required them to do. They got
through with the building in the spring at a
cost of over two hundred thousand dollars.
Then General Meigs would not recognize the
agreement General Crosman had entered into
with tbem, and A. Grant & Co. went to the
Court of Claims.
If the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Hod-
man] will give me his attention 1 will now
come to his point. A. Grant & Co. went to
the Court of Claims and presented a bill for
extra work, and a claim for damages. The
bill for exti-a work was allowed, except
$14,000, that portion of it being rejected;
clearly by a mistake on the part of the court.
The committee here do not allow that $14,000.
They say that no steps were taken at the time
to remedy that mistake; and, as a conse-
quence, the court having jurisdiction, and
having passed upon it, A. Grant & Co. must
submit and lose the $14,000.
But the court go further. The Attorney
General, who argued the case before the court,
admitted in his argument that all these com-
plaints made by A. Grant & Co. were true.
He says the conduct of Craig and the other
subordinate officer was without precedent,
without excuse, and he said they were without
authority, too. The court in passing upon
this case say, " the language of tbe Attorney
General is correct; the conduct of these offi-
cers was an outrage, but the outrage being
without authority we cannot consider the
question of damages." That is what the court
say; and they never did consider the question
of damages. If the gentleman will read the
opinion of the court he will find that they never
considered that question.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to read it?
Mr. FRYE. I will.
