44
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
tion district of Duluth, and to create St. Paul,
in the collection district of Minnesota, a port
of delivery, was referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
The bill (S. No. 331) to amend an act enti-
tled "An act granting pensions to certain sol-
diers and sailors of Hie war of 1812 and the
widows of deceased soldiers," approved Feb-
ruary 14, 1871, was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
The bill (S. No. 337) for the relief of Fanny
A. Thompson was referred to the Committee
on Revolutionary Claims.
The bill (S. No. 339) for the relief of James
Belger was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
The bill (S. No. 340) fixing the salaries of
certain officers was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I ask the
Senate to be good enough to relieve me from
the duties of chairman of the Committee on
Privileges and Elections. I saw by the papers
that my name was in that position, and I desire
to be excused.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts asks to be excused from
service as chairman of the Committee on Priv-
ileges and Elections, to which he was elected
by the Senate on Thursday last. Is there ob-
jection ? The Chair hears none. The Senator
is therefore excused.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, in compliance with a resolu-
tion of the Senate of December 5, 1871, the
report and maps of the United States ship-
canal expedition to the Isthmus' of Tehuan-
tepec, Mexico; which, on motion of Mr.
Anthony, was referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. BROWNLOW presented the petition
of Thomn.s N. McAffry, of Knoxville, Ten-
nessee, praying that his name be restored to
the roll of pensioners; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. SUMNER preseuted five petitions of
citizens of Massachusetts, praying that the
duty on salt be abolished; which were referred
to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens
of Massachusetts, praying that the sale of
stamped envelopes be abolished; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer the petition of
a large number of colored citizens of Rhode
Island, in which they ask for the passage of
the bill which they say is known as Senator
Sumner's bill supplementary to the civil
rights bill. They set forth at some length their
reasons in favor of the bill, saying that now,
merely on account of color, they are treated as
though they were slaves, denied rights and
privileges accorded to others who are no more
meritorious or better citizens. Being Senators
and Representatives in Congress, holding judi-
cial, executive, and other positions that usually
command consideration, these do not protect
them on railroads or steamboats, in taverns,
in public schools, and other places where the
law has control, from invidious proscription,
from insult and intended degradation. As the
bill on this subject is already on the Calendar,
I move that this petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr._ PATTERSON presented six petitions
of citizens of New Hampshire, praying that
"the duty on salt be abolished; which were
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
Lucy Clancy, widow of Robert Clancy, for-
merly a private soldier in the one hundred and
sixty-fourth regiment of New York volun-
teers, praying for back pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented twelve petitions of citi-
zens of Vermont, residing in various counties
of that State, praying that the duty on salt be
abolished; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. PRATT. I present the petition of
Bowen, Stewart & Co. and other firms, pub-
lishers and stationers at Indianapolis, Indiana,
praying Congress to abolish the sale of stamped
envelopes by the Government, or to modify the
existing law authorizing their sale in certain
particulars pointed out, so as to relieve them
from unjust competition. I move its reference
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT. I also present the petition
of William W. Speirs, late assistant surgeon
United States Army, praying that the Secre-
tary of War be authorized to pay him such
additional sum of money as will make his en-
tire compensation equal to that of assistant
surgeon during the period of his actual ser-
vice in that capacity and during the period of
his imprisonment in rebel prisons, estimating
such period from the date of his commission
as assistant surgeon. A bill for his relief was
passed by the House of Representatives at the
third session of the Forty-First Congress. It
was read twice in the Senate, and on the 25th
of January, 1871, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs. I now move for an order
that the papers and proofs in the ease be with-
drawn from the Secretary's office and referred,
with this petition which I now present, to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
_ Mr. BOREMAN presented two petitions of
citizens of West Virginia, praying an amend-
ment to the twenty-fifth section of the act
approved July 15, 1870, entitled "An act
making appropriations for the support of the
Army for the year ending June 30, 1871, and
for other purposes," so as to allow the soldiers
mentioned in said act to enter the amount of
land therein allowed, or such other amount as
may be thought just and proper, without the
requirements of settlement and cultivation,
and to receive a patent therefor unconditionally;
which were referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands.
He also presented the petition of Captain
Charles H. Briggs, praying arrears of pension
from the date of his discharge; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
West Virginia, praying that the back pay and
bounty due the late James P. McGee, of com-
pany E, sixth West Virginia volunteers, maybe
paid to his heirs, Nora and Clara McGee;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. LEWIS presented two petitions of citi-
zens of Virginia, praying that the duty on salt
be abolished ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. SCOTT presented a petition of citizens
of Philadelphia, praying that the sale of
stamped envelopes be abolished; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. CORBETT. I present the memorial
of Henry Failing,W. S. Ladd, L.White & Co.,
C. H._ Lewis, R. R. Thompson, Jacob Mayer,
and nine hundred others, citizens of Portland,
Oregon, praying Congress to aid the Portland,
Dalles, and Salt Lake Railroad Company in
constructing a railroad from Portland, Ore-
gon, to some point on the Union Pacific rail-
road in the vicinity of Salt Lake. I will state
that this memorial is signed by a very large
number of the most respectable citizens of
Oregon, and the only excuse they have in pre-
senting; it, when the country appears to have
decided against subsidies, is the entire impracti-
cability of the settlement of that country with-
out some Government aid for the development
of a railroad system. This projected railroad
will develop a country some five hundred and
eighty-eight miles in length, which now is prac-
tically excluded from agricultural pursuits. I
move that the memorial be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HAMLIN presented the petition of
Sarah Graffam Glover, of Camden, Maine,
praying to be allowed a pension in consequence
of certain services Tendered by her husband dur-
ing the war of 1812; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HARLAN presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Iowa, praying that the sale of stamped
envelopes be abolished ; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. LOGAN presented the petition of Mary
P. Jarvis, widow of the late Commander
Joseph R. Jarvis, United States Navy, praying
to be allowed a pension; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
Theodore Welch, relating to the matter of the
restoration of Lieutenant William Welch,
United States Navy; which was referred to
the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. FENTON. I also present a petition of
book-sellers and printers at Geneva,New York,
who represent that while the Government is
engaged in the manufacture of stamped envel-
opes, at a loss of over two hundred thousand
dollars a year to the Treasury, it is acting in
a manner greatly injurious to their private
business. I move that this petition be referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FENTON also presented a petition of-
printers, stationers, and book-sellers of Albany,
New York, praying that the sale of stamped
envelopes be abolished: which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. FENTON. I have received a letter
from Mr. Miron Winslow, the secretary of
the Anti-Income Tax Association of the city of
New York, inclosing a petition signed by sev-
eral hundred people, members of the associa-
tion and others who have joined them, prop-
erly^ authenticated as to handwriting by the
certificate^ of Mr. Winslow, the secretary of
the association, who asks me to present this
petition to the Senate. The petitioners,
among whom I recognize the names of many
of the most prominent and respectable citi-
zens of New York, state that the bill proposed
to be introduced by Senator Sumntf,r for the
repeal of this tax only provides for its repeal
after June, 1872, which would leave the tax-
payers liable to pay the tax on the income of
the present year ; and they desire immediate
relief. I move that this petition be referred
to the Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
_Mr. POOL presented the petition of Fred-
erick Vincent, administrator and sole repre-
sentative of James Le Caze, surviving partner
of the firm of Le Caze & Mallett, praying pay-
ment of a balance due for advances made by
them during the revolutionary war; which was
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
Claims.
He also presented the petition of Thomas
P. Pascha.ll, of Warren county, North Caro-
Pray'nf? .'he removal of his political dis-
abilities ; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
He also presented the petition of Henry
Watson, of Davidson county, North Carolina,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties ; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
_ Mr. CARPENTER presented a petition of
citizens of'Wisconsin, praying that the uniform
tax of sixteen cents per pound on smoking
