1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3629
of respect for the Senate. We have passed
our resolution providing for an adjournment
on the 3d of June. That resolution has gone
to the Senate, and they can amend it to suit
themselves. As between the two Houses I
think it better that the House should retain
the control of the resolution providing for
adjournment on the 29th of May.
Mr. DAWES. While I do not desire to
object 
Mr. HOLMAN. There is no question be-
fore the House. I call for the regular order.
Mr. BROOKS. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. BANKS. I raise the point of order that
a message of this character being received from
the Senate it should be at once submitted to
the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has submitted
it to the House.
Mr. BANKS. My point of order is that it
cannot be ruled out 011 a question of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has ruled that
the message takes its place upon the Speaker's
table, the point of order having been made
upon it. The Chair has also stated that as a
matter of courtesy between the two branches
he deemed it his duty to submit it to the con-
gideration of the House.
• Mr. DAWES. I tliiuk it should be so sub-
mitted.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot hold
that a message from the Senate recalling any
bill or resolution could be considered a mat-
terof privilege, after it had been in possession
of the House for several weeks, because the
time for ils reconsideration by the Senate has
passed ; it is, then, a matter for the majority of
the House to determine. On Monday after the
monnug hour it is competent for the House to
proceed to the consideration of business on
the Speaker's table, and this resolution of the
Senate will be among the very first matters
that will be reached.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I ask unani-
mous consent, as a matter of courtesy between
the two Houses, that, we refer this paper to the
Committee of Ways and Means for considera-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. It seems to me that the
same propriety which required the Speaker to
submit the request to the House requires that
the House should act upon it.
Mr. BROOKS. The resolution referred to
in the request is already before the Committee
of Ways and Means.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. But I ask unan-
imous consent tbat this message from the Sen-
ate be now referred to the same committee.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will hear any
point which may be raised upon this matter,
because the question is one of interest.
Mr. BANKS. This is not a question of
legislation ; it is not subject to the rules of
the House in regard to legislative matters.
We are under no obligation even to receive
the message. But as a mat;er of courtesy,
when the Senate sends to this House a request
for the return of a paper which has come from
that body, we ought to decide whether we will
grant the request or not. The question is out
of the pale of ordinary legislative proceedings,
being one purely of courtesy between the two
Houses; and I think we ought to decide by a
vote whether we will return the resolution or
not.
Mr. BROOKS. In reply to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bakes,] let me say
that I intend 110 discourtesy to the Senate.
Mr. BANKS. I understand that.
Mr. BROOKS. I intend only that this shall
follow the regular order of business. It is
within the power of the House at any time to
proceed to the consideration of business on the
Speaker's table, and in that way reach this
resolution in regular order. Hence, not from
any discourtesy to the Senate, but that busi-
ness may take its regular course, I object to
the consideration of the question now, and call
for the regular order.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the gentleman to recog-
nize the fact that this is not within the regular
order of business between the two Houses.
This is a request submitted to our courtesy,
and we ought to act upon it as such. It does
not come withiu the rules of the House. It is
a request—not an order, not a bill,not a reso-
lution, not a declaration of any kind—simply
a request; and I hope the House will vote
whether it will accede to the request or not.
Mr. COX. We do not owe any courtesy to
the Senate, not a bit.
Mr. SHANKS. I think it is bad policy to
adopt these resolutions of adjournment be-
fore we are ready for them. I hope we shall
grant the request of the Senate, and also ask
them to return to us our resolution on the
same subject. Then we can adjourn when we
are ready.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
reception of reports from the Committee of
Claims.
SMOKING IN THE HALL.
Mr. NIBLACK. I rise to a question of
order disconnected entirely from the question
just under discussion. I observe that the
atmosphere in the House this morning is very
impure, aud one reason appears to be that it is
full of tobacco smoke. We have a rule of the
House, I believe, against smoking in the Hall;
and if so, I ask that the Chair shall enforce
it everywhere within the Hall.
The SPEAKER. The Chair only a few
days ago, upon his own motion, caused to be
read the rule which positively forbids smoking
in the Hall. The Chair is aware, however,
that during the hour or two preceding the
meeting of the House members and others
are in the habit of smoking in the Hall, and
in that way the atmosphere isto a large extent
vitiated. The Chair would suggest that if the
rule could be extended so as to forbid smok-
ing at any time within the Hall it might effect
a desirable improvement.
Mr. NIBLACK. Although my duties re-
quire me to be here, it is sometimes absolute
pain for me to remain, on account of the con-
dition of the atmosphere, and I must insist
upon the rigid enforcement of the rule.
Mr. COX. I think, myself, smoking im-
proves the atmosphere of this Hall.
MILO PRATT.
Mr. STRONG also, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back a bill (S. No. 895) for
the relief of Milo Pratt, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury be authorized and
directed to pay to Milo Pratt, out of auy
moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, the sum of $2,000, upon his executing
to the United States a full release of all further
claim for or on accounf of a contract made
with him in 1804. by the quartermaster's de-
partment for furnishing coal.
Mr. STRONGdemanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to a
third reading ; and it was accordingly read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william j. clark.
Mr. STRONG also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2791) for
the relief of William J. Clark, administrator
of Gad E. Upson, deceased; which was read
a first aud second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that
the Secretary of the Interior be authorized
to audit, settle, and adjust, upon just and
equitable principles, the accounts of Wil-
liam J. Clark, administrator of the estate of
Gad E. Upson, deceased, late United States
agent for the Blackfoot and other Indians in
the Territory of Montana, and as commis-
sioner on the part of the United States in ne-
gotiating a treaty with said Indians, for dis-
bursements made and services rendered oa
behalf of the Government, provided that the
amount which may be allowed under authority
of the act and not now authorized by law,
shall not exceed the sum of $2,000.
Mr. STRONG demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and tha
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HOAR demanded a division on the
passage of the bill.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
50, noes 3 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER appointed Mr. Hoar and
Mr. Strong tellers.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 116, noes 5.
Mr. HOAR. Is that a quorum?
The SPEAKER. It is.
So the bill was passed,
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
GALEN E. GItEEN.
Mr. STRONG, also from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2792) for the
relief of Galen E. Green ; which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Paymaster General of the Army be required
to pay out of the appropriation for the pay of
the Army for the current year to Galen E.
Green, late lieutenant of the seventh Wiscon-
sin battery, the amount that he would have
been entitled to from the 30th of September,
1863, to the 15th of January, 1864, if his
name the name of Galen E. Green had been
borne on the rolls of the Army to the date last
named.
Mr. STRONG demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. HOAR. I ask for the reading of the
engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. The bill has not been
engrossed; and if' the gentleman insists on
his demand, the bill will have to go to the
Speaker's table.
Mr. STRONG. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed : and on that motion I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. STRONG. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts will withdraw his demand for
the reading of the engrossed bill, as it can be
engrossed while the yeas and nays are being
called.
Mr. HOAR. I withdraw the demand for
the reading of the engrossed bill.
Mr. STRONG. And I withdrawthe motion
to reconsider.
The bill was then read a third time, aud
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on tha
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
