1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1BS7"
it should be made to read that there shall be
appointed one commissioner at every other
place than the city of New York, according
to the gentleman's statement, and that at the
port of New York there may be appointed
as many commissioners as are deemed neces-
sary by the court.
Mr. CONGER. It was thought desirable
in reference to three or four cities that there
should be a larger number of commissioners.
Such was the intention in reference to New
York, Baltimore, New Orleans, and Boston.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then the gen-
tleman can put on a proviso to that effect, that
he may appoint an additional number in cities
of more than two hundred thousand inhabit-
ants.
Mr. DICKEY. It depends on the number
of sea-ports, and not upon the size of the
Mr. CONGER. I do not think this bill .
would be liable to abuse because of the nature
of the duties required of these commissioners.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
men who have looked over the matter see no
difficulty and no impropriety in leaving it
unlimited, I of course have no objection to
make. I feel, however, as a matter of course,
that we ought not to leave the number of these
commissioners unlimited, because it is very
uncomfortable when we pass a bill hers author-
izing an unlimited number of officers to be
charged with that fact by our political oppo-
nents.
Mr. PETERS. Take the State of Maine,
for instance. Eastport is a large shipping
place, and Portland is another, yet they are two
hundred miles from each other, although in the
same district; and the gentleman from Ohio
must see at a glance that no one commissioner
could attend to this business in both places.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have already
stated that a proviso might be made by which
such cases could be covered. I understand
there are only a few places where more than one
commissioner is needed.
Mr. SHELDON^ I only wish to say that
the authority conferred by this law is precisely
the same as that conferred by Congress in refer-
ence to the appointment of commissioners in
other cases where the number depends entirely
" upon the amount of business.
Mr. POTTER rose..
Mr. CONGER. Before the gentleman from
New York proceeds, will he allow me to make
one remark ?
Mr. POTTER. Certainly ; I will be glad to
hear it.
Mr. CONGER. The bill provides that in
those circuits where there is a sea-port or ports,
for which there is a collector of customs, or in
which there is a port of entry, the judge shall
appoint the commissioner or commissioners.
The reason why the number of commissioners
is not limited by the bill itself is that in a
collection district there might be several sea-
ports in which it was as desirable that there
should be commissioners as in the particular
port in which there was a collector ot customs,
or which was a regular port of entry. The
bill, therefore, in its present form, will pro-
vide that such places may also have a shipping
commissioner, when found desirable. I yield
now to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Potter.]
Mr. POTTER. I was only going to sug-
gest to the gentleman from Michigan [Mr,
Coxger] that he might perhaps consent that
we sh'all go on with the bill, and afterward re-
turn to this matter in regard to the number of
commissioners, so as to allow an opportunity
of limiting the number if the House shall see
fit to do so.
Mr. CONGER. I have no objection to
going on with the understanding that we may
return to the question of the number of com-
missioners alter the bill has been gone
through.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I desire to address
a question to the gentleman from Michigan,
[Mr. Conger.] Will not the language of this
section include the inland porta of entry, and
if so, is there any occasion for sueh officers
being appointed at such places as Cincinnati,
St. Louis, apd others which I might mention ?
As I understand the bill, it is intended to cover
the case of seamen proper, not of river-men.
Mr. CONGER. The gentleman will see
that the bill speaks of sea-ports.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. it speaks of "ports
of entry," and I was asking-it' there was any
necessity for commissioners at inland ports.
Mr. CONGER. If not, the circuit court
would not make any appointment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I think we
should pass informally over this section, re-
serving the right to come back to it, with
reference to the question of limiting the num-
ber of commissioners.
Mr. POTTER. As regards the question
raised by the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr.
Fikkelxburg,] I wish to say that I do not
understand this first section to relate to any-
thing but sea-ports. It says "a sea-port or
ports." I understand that to mean, " a sea-
port or sea-ports," and that the qualification
as to there being a collector of customs, or the
port being a port, of entry, relates simply
to sea-ports. I do not think it can relate to
inland navigation. If I am mistaken in that
view, I desire to be corrected.
Mr. SARGENT. I move to amend by
inserting the word "sea" before the word
"ports," so that it will read "a sea-port or
sea-ports."
Mr. CONGER. I am willing that that
amendment should be made.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill,
and read the third section as follows :
Sec. 3. That any shipping commissioner may en-
gage a clerk to assist him in the transaction of the
business of shipping office at his own proper cost,
and may, in case of necessity, depute such clerk to
act for him in his official capacity; but the shipping
commissioner shall be held responsible for the acts
of such clerk or deputy, and will be personally lia-
ble for any penalties such clcrk or deputy may incur
by the violation of any of the provisions ot this act;
and all acts done by the clerk as such deputy shall bo
as valid and binding as if done by the shipping com-
missioner. Each shipping commissioner shall pro-
vide aseal, with which he shall authenticate all his
official acts, on which seal shall be engraved the
arms of tho Stato and the name of the county for
which he is commissioned. _ Any instrument, either
printed or written, pui porting to be tho official aot
of a shipping commissioner, and purporting to be
under tho seal and signature of such shipping com-
missioner. shall bo received as 'prima facie evidence
of the official character of such instrument, and of
the truth of the facts therein sot forth.
Mr. POTTER. It is provided here that the
seal shall have upon it the arms of the State.
How is the commissioner to get the arms of
the State upon bis seal? It seems to me that
almost any other device would be more appro-
priate.
Mr. CONGER. I suppose it is the best
means to indicate the locality and extent of
the region over which he has control.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to amend
the section by striking out the word " State"
and inserting "United States," and then by
striking out the word "county," and inserting
"sea-port or district" in lieu thereof; so that
it shall read, "each shipping commissioner
shall provide a seal, with which he shall
authenticate all his official acts, on which seal
shall be engraved the arms of the United
States and the name of the sea-port or district
for which he is commissioned." That makes
it national.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clcrk read the fourth section of the bill
as follows:
Sec. 4. That every shipping commissioner shall
lease, rent, or procure, at his own cost, suitable
premises for the transaction of business, and for
the preservation of the books and other documen ts
connected therewith, and which premises shall be
styled "the shipping commissioner's office." And
tbogeneral business of a shipping commissioner shall
be, first, to afford facilities for engaging seamen by
keeping aregister of their names and character: sec-
ond, to superintend their engagement and discharge,
in manner hereinafter mentioned; third, to provide
means for securing the presence on board at the
proper times of men who are so engaged; fourth,
to facilitate the making of apprenticeships to the
sea service; and to perform such other duties re-
lating to merchant seamen and merchant ships as
are hereby or may hereafter, under the powers
herein contained, be committed to him.
Mr. KERR. Before this section is passed
over I would like to inquire of the gentleman
who has charge of this bill whether anywhere
in the bill the powers conferred by this section
upon these officers are not better defined than
they are in this section. They seem to be very
large, and are here entirely undefined.
Mr. CONGER. There are in other parts
of the bill regulations in regard to their duties,
and the manner of performing the duties
herein generally set forth. The gentleman,
as we proceed with the bill, will discover that
there are such regulations. This section re-
lates generally to all the duties required of
them in the bill.
Mr. KERR. What is meant, for example,
by the fourth subsection, "to facilitate the
making of apprenticeships to the sea service?"
Mr. CONGER. In another section of tlte
bill there is a provision in regard to the condi-
tions on which apprenticeships shall be made
by the shipping commissioners, and they ttfe
authorized to execute proper apprenticeship
papers in behalf of apprentices with shipping
masters.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suggest that
| leave be given to recur to this section of the
] bill if the House so desire.
| Mr. CONGER. If the gentleman desires
\ it, let it be understood that we can recur to,
! this provision of the section afterward.
; Mr. POTTER. To the whole section?
I Mr. CONGER. To the provision in regard
| to apprenticeships.
Mr. KERR. I referred to the whole sec-
tion, because it is all of like character.
Mr. CONGER. I have no objection to that
understanding.
The Clerk resumed the reading of the bill.
The ninth section was read as follows :
Site. 9. Thnt every shipping commissioner ap-
pointed under this act shall, if applied to for tho
purpose of apprenticing boys to the sea service by
any masters or owners of ships, or by any por-son or
persons legally qualified, give such assistance as
is in their power lor facilitating the making of such
apprenticeships; but the shipping commissioner
shall ascertain that tho boy has voluntarily con-
sented to be bound, and has attained tho age of
twelve years, and is of suffiicienthealth and strength,
and that the master to whom tho boy is to be bound
is a proper person for tho purpose; and tho shipping
commissioner may receive (rom the persons avail-
ing themselves of such assistance tho fees contained
in table "" G " in the schedule there'O annexed. Anil
the shipping commissioner shall keep a register of
all indentures of apprenticeship made beforo bim.
Mr. BIRD. I move to amend that section
by inserting after the word " bound," on line
seven, the words "and that the parents or
guardian of said boy have consented in writ-
ing to said apprenticeship."
I think this amendment will commend itself
to the House. It is very important if there
are parents or guardians that they should be
consulted in a matter of this kind. It is an
easy business in a cityorina populous district
to prevail on boys to accept of apprenticeships
of this kind.
Mr. POTTER. Suppose a boy has no par-
ents or guardians ?
Mr. BIRD. Very well, then theamendment
will not*apply of course; but if a boy has
parents or a guardian they certainly shou.d
be consulted.
Mr. CONGER. I do not know that there
is any objection to that amendment, if it ss
changed a little in the phraseology; if the
provision were "and that the consent of the
parents or guardian, if he has any."
Mr. BIRD. I am "Ot particular as to the
phraseology.
Mr. COiN' GBR. A boy may have no parents
living to consent. It is just that class of boys
that the shipping commissioners take charge of,
