1872.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
941
of stores, it was used from the beginning of
the war up to its destruction, and was uselessly
destroyed by a band of disorderly and insub-
ordinate soldiers, without authority aud against
the orders of Iheir superior officer. I do not
wish to charge the Army of the Union with
anything discreditable. I was a soldier from
the commencement of the war to its close. I
know that the Union soldier was actuated by
principles, by patriotism far above all sordid
thought, but I also know that, demoralized and
disorganized by defeat, the stragglers of either
array were fearful men to meet. The insub-
ordinate soldiers at Williamsburg, in the burn-
ing of William and Mary college, committed
an act disgraceful to the enlightenment of
mankind, and only to be classified with the
horrible crimes of the Ku K.lux Democracy
of the South. While we as a nation punish
the one, we must redress the wrongs commit-
ted by the other.
I do not care to go into a strict examination
of the usage of nations upon matters of a like
character. My colleague on the committee
[Mr. Hoar] will submit to the House prece-
dents which will justify the action of the com-
mittee in reporting this bill. I can say, how-
ever, that the bill passed during the last session
of the Forty-First Congress, by which the Ken-
tucky University received the sum of $'25,000,
fully justifies our action in the present case,
and without any remarks whatever upon the
nobility and elevation of sentiment which should
actuate the House in the consideration of a
measure intended to encourage, stimulate, and
revive one of the great charities of human
nature, I submit the bill to the House.
Mr. Chairman, I find I am occupying more
time than I had intended, and I desire to
say but a few additional words. I know that
attempts may be made dnring the consider-
ation of this bill to add amendments to it. I
desire that this case shall stand upon its own
merits. While I am ready and willing at all
times to consider proper claims against the
Government of the United States for destruc-
tion or damages done by its own troops to
institutions of learning, I do not desire that
this particular claim shall be loaded down with
amendments whereby it will be lost.
I now ask for the reading of a telegram
received from the officer who commanded at
Williamsburg at the time of the burning of
this institution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Pittsburg, February 7,1S72.
Professor Benjamin S. Ewbli:
Was in command on the morning of 9th Septem-
ber: taken prisoner from Williamsburg about nine
o'clock of that morning. Did not order the college
to be burned, nor was it burned until after my de-
parture. In my judgment there was no military or
other necessity for destroying tho buildings, as they
contained no stores or publie property of any char-
acter that was valuable. The aetwas a wanton one.
DAVID CAMPBifiiiJu.
Mr. PERCE. I now ask to have read a let-
ter from General Dix, who was in command
on the peninsula at that time.
The Clerk read as follows:
No. 3 Wkst Twenty-Sixth Street,
New York, February (,1872.
Dear Sir: William and Mary college was not
destroyed.by official orders. Alter the lapse of ten
years I would not like to speak of details without
consulting my papers; but my recollection is that
the destruction of the property was wholly unau-
thorized, and that it was the act of disorderly per-
Very truly, yours, JOHN A. DIX.
Benjamin S. Ewell. esa.
Mr. PERCE. I now yield twenty minutes
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hoar..]
message from the senate.
The committee rose informally, and _Mr.
Garfield, of Ohio, having taken the chair as
Speaker pro tempore, -a message from the Sen-
ate, by Mr. Sympson, one of its clerks an-
nounced that the Senate had passed a but (o.
No. 187) to amend an act entitled "An act to
provide a national currency secured by pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof," approved
June 3, 1864, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
william and mary college.
The Committee of the Whole then resumed
its session.
Mr. HOAR. William and Mary, the most
ancient and venerable of the colleges of the
South, founded in 169B by the sovereigns whose
names it bears, of which Washington was
twelve years chancellor, which nurtured Jef-
ferson and Marshall and Peyton Randolph and
Monroe, was set on fire and destroyed by Union
soldiers during their occupation of Williams-
burg. The town where the college is situate,
thirty-five miles from Fortress Monroe, key to
the peninsula, was in the hands of our troop3
from May, 1862, to the close of the war. After
a conflict on the 9th day of September, 1862,
between our soldiers and a body of rebel cav-
alry, the latter got possession of the place
and held it a few hours. "After their with-
drawal, returning stragglers of the garrison,
provoked by defeat and under the influence
of drink, set fire to the building." The his-
tory of the college alleges, though this was
not proved before the committee, " that it is
declared by eye-witnesses that while the col-
lege was burning some of the soldiers sur-
rounded the building with drawn swords to pre-
vent anyone from extinguishing the flames."
It is unquestionable, as is stated by General
Meade, "that the act was unnecessary and un-
authorized, and was one of those deplorable
acts of useless destruction which occur in all
wars."
This is the whole story. It was the destruc
tion, wanton and needless, of an institution
of learning of which our forces had under-
taken the care, and which its friends were pre-
vented by military power from guarding. It
cannot be likened to the common case of prop-
erty destroyed by the incidents of war and sit-
uate on hostile territory. In such cases, ordin
arily, the loss must rest where it originally
falls. . ,
This spot cannot be claimed to have been
in any sense hostile territory. Williamsburg
is, as I understand it, partly within the county
of York and partly within that of James City.
York county was never deemed hostile terri-
tory after May, 1862, and was expressly ex-
cepted from President Lincoln's original proc-
lamation of emancipation. It formed a part
of the State of Virginia, which had for a time
its seat of government at Alexandria under
Governor Peirpoint; was represented in Con-
gress, and gave the necessary constitutional
assent to the separation of West Virginia. The
college is, I think, a little over the lme m
James City, but on land we held, and coming
in every respect within the same principles
as were applicable to the county of York.
The building was in our military occupation.
A court-martial was going on the day before,
and its rooms contained hay and other stores
and cavalry equipments.
1 think, Mr. Chairman, that any institution
of learning in the country, sustaining injury
under like circumstances, might well appeal
to Congress for redress, and that we ought to
grant its prayer. I think, also, that this col-
lege appeals to the favor of Congress in a
manner in which scarcely any other can, and
should induce us to cherish and restore it with
something of the same reverence which we
feel for Mount Vernon and the tomb ot Wash-
ington.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I put this case on three
independent grounds. In one aspect, if the
House shall agree in establishing it as a pre-
cedent, it might involve claims not exceed-
ing $100,000 or $200,000 in all for destruction
of a like nature. If, on the other hand, the
judgment of the House rests the case on either
of the two other grounds which I shall state,
it stands by itself, a- precedent for. no other
case that can arise.
Now, the first ground is this: endowed insti-
tutions of learning, established by fuuds given
for public purposes, are excepted and secured
from injury by the law of nations. Whenever
any civilized nation has, either by the wanton-
ness or by the necessary act of its own troops
not in actual battle, violated the sanctity of this
class of institutions, no legal claim arises, no
claim underthelaw of nationsarises; but always
the most highly civilized nations have respected -
their moral obligations by repairing the injury
where they could at their own expeuse. Now,
if we recognize that doctrine, we may possibly,
be called upon to pay for other destruction.
President Ewell, who has made some inquiry,
thinks that a sum less than $100,000 will cover
all other like cases throughout the South. I
think the amount will be larger than he esti-
mates, but that it will not be large. This is
a privilege which never has attached to the
Church, which never has been attached to
property held and owned by the State for pub-
ic educational purposes. It extends only to
that class of institutions endowed by trust funds
for purposes of education. Iliat is the first
ground on which I place this bill.
The second ground is that this was a building
which we had taken possession of; it was on
our territory; we were using it for our military
purposes, and we had excluded its natural and
legal guardians, and therefore we are bound to
restore it to them in the same good order and
condition in which we received it.
And the third ground, and the strongest, is
this: excepting the battle-fields consecrated
by the blood of our patriots, this is one of the
five or six most sacred spots in our domain.
It stands in that respect to be classed only
with Mount Vernon, or the tomb of Wash-
ington. If wantonly or carelessly the Amer-
ican troops had injured Mount Vernon, or the
tomb of Washington, 1 do not believe thia
House would meet the request for its restora-
tion by saying that the same principle would
compel us to repair every grave-yard or every
private habitation injured throughout the
entire South during the war.
Upon these three grounds this appeal to the
generosity of the Government must rest.
The case, as has been said, does not consti-
tute a legal claim upon the Government. It
stands upon this principle. To spare, and if
possible to protect institutions of learning,
such as college buildings, libraries, or collec-
tions of art or science from military injury,
is an obligation which the most highly civilized
nations impose upon themselves. Whenever,
by accident or design, these institutions have
been injured in war, such Governments desire
if possible to make reparation.
History contains many conspicuous and in-
teresting examples of this generous recogni-
tion. At the time of the battle of Prince-
ton, the Americans, in dislodging the British
from the college building, fired a cannon shot
through the walls. Washington, in order to
make good to the college the damage sus-
tained by the fire of his troops, made the trus-
tees a present of fifty guineas.
In the eloquent letter of Colonel Hughes in
behalf of this claim, we are reminded that
"during the war of Independence the build-
ings of William and Mary were repeatedly oc-
cupied by British troops. They were in every
instance respected as sacred to the cause of
letters, and left intact. After the close of the
war, Louis XVI, the ally of America, caused
the buildings, accidentally destroyed by his
troops, to be replaced and every injury to be
repaired, thus doing royal homage to the sacred
cause of learning."
The British troops under Tryon, when they
occupied New Haven in 1779, spared Yale
college, although its students in aims harassed
their approach. But President Clapp's manu-
