THE OOISrGRESSIOIf Ah GLOBE.
February 9,
scripts were carried off. President Stiles
addressed a letter to General Tryon, iu which
he represented that "a war against science had
been reprobated for ages by the wisest and
most powerful generals. The irreparable
losses sustained by the Alexandrian library
and other ancient monuments of literature
have prompted the victorious commanders of
modern -ages to exempt these monuments
from the ravages and desolations inseparable
from the highest rigor of war." General
Tryon replied to this letter that " disposed
by principle as well as inclination to prevent
the violence of war from injuring the rights
of tlie republic of learning, he very much
approved of the president's solicitude for the
preservation of the manuscripts," and caused
every effort to be made for their discovery and
restoration.
At the occupation of Paris, in 1815, the
allied sovereigns asserted this principle, and
restored to the nations of Europe many famous
statues and pictures, the spoils of their plun-
dered capitals, which France had accumu-
lated- in Paris, the trophies of many wars.
In ancient times the disregard of this hu-
mane rule is not the least of the crimes which
Cicero recounts in his terrible invective against
Yerres: uUt amici ejus appellant morbum et
insaniam, ut Siculi, latrociniwm."
• Among the things exempted from the gen-
eral operations of war our great American
writer on the law of nations, Mr. Wheaton,
includes " monuments of art, and repositories
of science." (International Law, section 346 )
In the war with Great Britain of 1812, a
quantity of paintings and prints, designed for
the Academy of Arts at Philadelphia, were
captured by the British or. their passage from
Italy and taken into Halifax. Dr. Croke,
the distingnished judge of the admiralty court,
without hesitation ordered them to be restored.
He says, in his judgment:
"Tleiiven forbid that such an application to the
generosity of Great Britain should ever be inef-
fectual. The arts and sciences are admitted among
all civilized nations as forming an exception to the
severe rights of warfare, and as entitled to favor
and protection. They are considered, not as tbe
pacuhum of this or that nation, but as the property
of mankind at large, and as belonging to the com-
mon interests of the whole species."—Case of the
Marquis de Someruelett, Stewart's Reports, Nova
6'cotia, page 482.
The Government of the United States in its
" Instructions for the Government of Armies in
the Field," originally prepared by Dr. Lieber,
revised by a board of officers of which Major
General Hitchcock was president, and ap-
proved by President Lincoln in 1863, binds
itself by the same rule.
Extract from General Order No. 100, Adju-
tant General's office, section two, paragraphs
thirty-four to thirty-six :
"34. As a general rule, the property belongingto
churches, to hospitals, orotherestablishments of an
exclusively charitable character, to establishments
ot education or foundations for the promotion of
knowledge, whether public schools, universities,
acadeiiiiesot learning, or observatories, museums of
tho line arts, or of a scientific character, such prop-
erty is not to bo considered public property in the
sense of paragraph thirty-one ; but it may be taxed
or used when the public service tnay require it.
35.4 Classical works of art, libraries, scientific
collections, or precious instruments, such as astro-
nomical telescopes, as well as hospitals, must be
secured against ail avoidable injury, even when they
are contained in fortified places while besieged or
bombarded.
'. "36. If such works of art, libraries, collections, or
instruments belonging to a hostile nation or Govern-
ment can be removed without injury, the ruler of
tho conquering State or nation may orderthem to be
seized and removed for the benefit of tho said nation
J.he ultimate ownership is to be settled by the endur-
ing tioaty ot peace, in no case shall they be sold
or given away, if captured by the armies of the Uni-
ted Mates, norshall they ever be privately appropri-
ated or wantonly destroyed or injured/'
In her bloodiest and angriest civil strifes
all factions in England have revered her insti-
tutions of learning. Her schools and colleges,
whatever side they may have taken in civil
war, have enjoyed immunity front its injuries
when even her stately and venerable cathe-
drals have not been spared. Think what per-
manence theae schools enjoy, shielded from
the storms of war by the beneficent principle
we invoke. Wherever civilization exists,
wherever men are humane and Christian, the
college or the school wisely founded shall en-
dure. I purchased at Eton, a few years
since, a little book containing the history of
the ten great schools of England. I was
struck, in looking it over, to see the dates of
their endowment: Eton in 1440; Winchester,
1380; Westminster, 1560; St. Paul's 1509;
Merchant Taylors', 1560; Charter House,
1611; Harrow; 1571; Rugby, 1567 ; Shrews-
bury, 1549; Christ's, 1552; while the origin
of Oxford and Cambridge is lost in the dark-
ness of antiquity.
These schools have survived all the changes
of dynasty, all the changes of institutions and
manners. Puritan and Cavalier, York and
Lancaster, have fought out their battles, and
yet, in the wildest tempests of popular excite-
ment, they
" Lift not their spears against the Mnse3' bower."
At Winchester, William of Wykeham founded
in 1380 a school which still stands, and has
remained through four dynasties. Guelph.
Hanover, Tudor, York, and Lancaster and
Plantagenet hav& successively struggled for
and occupied the English throne, while in
the building which Wykeham in his lifetime
planned and built the scholars of Winchester
are still governed by the statutes which he
framed. You can scarcely find an instance in
England or America where a school or col-
lege wisely founded has died. Whatever per-
ishes, that shall endure.
I have said that this is not a legal claim.
It is stronger and not weaker for that reason.
The rule which binds nations atwar to respect
institutions of learning can in no way be made
so effectual as by adopting the practice of repar-
ation^ wherever that rule is broken. America
certainly will not leave these ruins as a per-
petual witness that Louis XVI, a monarch, was
capable of loftier and more generous regard
for learning than a republic itself. America
will not leave these rums to testify that Eng-
land in the bloody and barbarous wars of the
Roses five hundred years ago was more hu-
mane and civilized than we are to day. We
cannot refuse, in dealing with the college which
Washington administered and loved, to follow
the example which he set us in the case of
Princeton. Certainly we will deal with Wil-
liam and Mary wiih as much respect as the
Englishman Tryon showed to Yale. America
will surely desire to extend to institutions on her
own soil the benignant policy of which foreign
nations have given such conspicuous examples.
She will not fail to give in her adherence to
the policy which may promise to her own
institutions of education, whatever strife the
future may have in store for us, security and
permanence. No State can be certain that in
coming centuries foreign wars or civil strife
may not come within its own limits. The
cause of William ana Mary is in this respect
the cause of every college in the land.
The property of colleges is in one sense
local. But in a wider sense it has no locality
more restricted than the nation itself. There
is scarce'y an American college so obscure that
its pupils are not scattered overall parts of
the Republic. Their love for the alma mater
to whom they owe their nurture, constitutes a
bond of common sympathy which is one of
the strongest bonds ot the Union. In more
than one instance during the rebellion the rec-
ollection of this relation softened the enmities
of war. Now the war is over it will be among
the most potent instruments in restoring har°
mony and peace.
But William and Mary has also her own
peculiar claim on our regard. The great prin-
ciples cm which the rights of man depend,
which inspired the statesmen of Virginia of the
period of the Revolution, are the fruits of her
teaching. The name of Washington, to whose
genius in war and to whose influence iu peace
wo owe the vindication of our liberties and the
successful inauguration of our Constitution, is
inseparably connected with William and Mary.
She gave himhisfirstcommission in hiayouth;
he gave to her his last public service in his age.
Jefferson, author of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence, who announced the great law of
equality and human rights, in whose light our
Constitution is at last and forever to be inter-
preted, drank his inspiration at her fountain.
Marshall, without whose luminous and far-
sighted exposition our Constitution - could
hardly have been put into successful and har-
monious operation, who imbedded forever iu
our constitutional law the great doctrines on
which the measures that saved the Union are
based, was a son of William and Mary. By
the cession of the great Northwestern Terri-
tory, largely due to the efforts of one of her
illustrious sons, she lost a great part of her
revenues.
Next to Harvard she is the oldest of Ameri-
can colleges. The gift of the famous Robert
Boyle was held by her for many years on con-
dition of an annual payment of £90 to Har-
vard. Boyle was tbe friend of many of the
early friends and benefactors of Harvard,
and a correspondent of one of its first presi-
dents. Each of these two seminaries in its
own part of the country kindled and kept
alive the sacred fire of liberty. Iu 1743, the
year Jefferson was born, Samuel Adams main-
tained, on taking his degree of Master of Arts
at Harvard, the affirmative of the thesis,
whether it be lawful to resist the supreme
magistrate, if the Commonwealth cannot be
otherwise preserved ? In this hour of the
calamity of her sister college I am glad to
believe that Harvard does not forget the an-
cient tie. The mother of the Otises and the
Adamses would gladly extend her right hand
to the mother of Jefferson and Marshall.
Mr. Chairman, this act of ours will be an im-
portant one in history. Every new State, as
it takes its place in the great family, hastens
to establish its university. Scattered over the
continent, these institutions give glory and
splendor to the nation, as the stars give glory
and splendor to the skies. We have seen how
the veneration of England has preserved her
colleges through long ages, compared with
which the life of our nation seems but as yes-
terday. We look forward to a future of pros-
perity and glory which we fondly hope may
cover a still longer space.
If civil strife or foreign war shall ever in
that Jong period disturb our peace, every col-
lege in the land will be safer if Congress shall
to-day make this solemn recognition of the
rule we invoke. To deny it is to deny to
the college of Washington the justice he did
t? Princeton. To deny it is to deny to Vir-
ginia the generous treatment which Connec-
ticut received from Tryon, Philadelphia from
Croke, and William and Mary herself from
Louis XVI. ^ The hallowed associations which
surround this college prevent this case from
being a precedent for any other. If you had
injured it, you surely would restore Mount
Vernon. You bettor honor Washington by
restoring the living fountain of learning whose
service was the pleasure of his last years than
by any useless and empty act of worship or
respect toward his sepulcher.
During^ the delivery of the above remarks,
Mr. PERCE said: I understand this time
does not,come out. of my hour.
-"le CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot ex-
tend the time allowed for debate beyond two
hours. The gentleman from Mississippi is
entitled to his hour, and has yielded to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoab.]
Mr. PERCE. I understand there was no
objection to allowing the gentleman from
Massachusetts to finish his spoech without its
being taken out of my hour. -
