3630
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
SPCItCIC AND SPIER, PEOKIA, ILLINOIS.
• Mr. STRONG also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2793) for
the relief of Spurck & Spier, of Peoria, Illi-
nois ; which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. In the preamble it sets
forth that it is alleged that the distillery and
bonded warehouse of Spurck & Spier, in the
fifth collection district of the State of Illinois,
were-on the 27th day of July, 1870, destroyed
by tiro, without any neglect, fault, fraud, or
evil practice on the part of Spurck & Spier,
their agents or employ6s, and that in said
warehouse, by the lire, were destroyed, be-
fore the same or any part thereof had been
sold or removed from the premises where
the sam« had been manufactured, thirty two
barrels of wines upon which the tax of fifty
cents per gallon had been paid, and four huu
dred and eight barrels of wines on which the
tax of fifty cents per gallon had not been paid,
but for the payment of which tax bonds had
been given according to law. The bill there-
fore authorizes the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue to inquire into and determine the
amount of higb-wines contained in the ware-
house of Spuick & Spier on the 27th day of
July, 1870, and which were destroyed on that
day by the fire. The hill further authorizes
the Commissioner to abate and remit the tax
of fifty cents per gallon due and unpaid upon
all such liigh-wines as he shall find were de-
stroyed hy the fire in the warehouse, except
sofarasthe owners maybe indemnified against
the tax by a valid claim lor insurance.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that, the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RELIBIf Ok' CONNECTICUT AND OTHER STATKS.
Mr. STRONG also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back, with the recommenda-
tion that it do pass, the bill (H. It. No. 2709)
for the relief of the State of Connecticut and
other Slates.
The bill was road. In its preamble it sets
forth that the Treasury Department has de-
cided that vouchers presented by the State of
Connecticut for reimbursement, under the act
of July 27, 1801, of amounts paid to second
assistant, and other surgeons, for services ren-
dered in connection with raising and organ-
izing volunteers within the State during the
rebellion, are not admissible tinder the law,
lor the reason that the employment of the
medical officers was not authorized prior to
the act of July 2, 1852; and that it appears
that the officers actually rendered the services,
and were paid in good faith by the State, and
"were subsequently mustered or employed in
the service of the United Stales.
The bill therefore directs the Secretary of
the Treasuty, out of any money appropriated
to continue the settlement of accounts pre-
sented under the act, of July 27, 1801, to pay
to the Governor of Connecticut, or to his duly
authorized agents, any amounts advanced by
the State, in payment of extra surgeons or
assistant surgeons for services rendered prior
to their muster into the service of the Uni-
ted Slates; the claims to be settled upon
proper vouchers to be filed and passed upon
by the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury.
The hill, in its second section, provides that
where the vouchers for other States for pay-
ments made to extra surgeons or assistant
surgeons of militia or volunteers accepted into
the service of the United States are situated
similarly with those of Connecticut, the Treas-
ury Department adjust and settle them accord-
ing to the provisions of the first section.
Mr. DICKEY. How much money does this
taks out of the Treasury?
Mr. STRONG. Between sixteen and seven-
teen thousand dollars for Connecticut.
Mr. DICKEY. That is for Connecticut
alone. How much for the other States?
Mr. STRONG. If the gentleman desires to
learn all the facts I will ask that the report of
the committee be read.
Mr. DICKEY. Are we to understand that
theSecretary of the Treasury gave an improper
ruling in not allowing these claims, or was it
that there was no law authorizing them ?
Mr. STRONG. If the gentleman desires to
hear it, I will send to the desk to be read the
report of the Secretary of War to the com-
mittee touching this matter.
'The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
 hat the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
C. GREEN AND II. O. TRAINOR.
Mr. STRONG also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. K. No. 2794) for the
relief of Christopher Green and Hugh C.
Trainor; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated the
sum of $8,542 58 to Christopher Green and
Hugh C. Trainor, of Sacramento, California,
to indemnify them for losses on a contract for
supplies for the Army of the United States,
occasioned by the protracted drought in Cali-
fornia during the years 1884 and 1865, which
sum shall be in full discharge of all claims
against the Government on account of said
contract.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. STRONG. I move that the report in
this case be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
OEORGIS F. TRACY.
Mr. STRONG also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2795) for the
relief of George P. Tracy, postmaster at Bridge-
port, Connecticut; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill was read. It authorizes the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury, in adjust-
ing the accounts of George P. Tracy, post-
master at Bridgeport, Connecticut, to allow
and credit to him the sum of $2,085 stolen
from the office at Bridgeport, Connecticut, on
the 1st of December, 1871, without any fraud
and negligence on his part.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed,
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOIIN C. CONNER.
Mr. STRONG also, from the same commit-
tee, reported with an amendment, and with the
recommendation that it do pass, the bill (H.
It. No. 1481) for the relief of John C. Conker.
The bill appropriates the sum of $2,500 to
pay Hon. John C. Conner expenses incurred
in defending his right to a seat in the Forty-
Pirst Congress.
The amendment of the committee was to
strike out " $500."
Mr. HOAR. I hope this matter will be
explained.
Mr. STRONG. I ask for the reading of
the report.
The report was read.
Mr. McCliAllY. I understand this to be a
case where the committee propose to pay the
expenses of a sitting member ; not a contest-
ant, but a gentleman who'has drawn a salary
during an entire Congress. I am not aware
that there is any precedent that would jus-
tify such action. In my own judgment it is
time that we were reforming the practice of
paying contestants, and I have been endeav-
oring to do it to some extent. I am sorry
to say that I have not been very successful.
I propose before very long to ask the House
to provide that no more payments shall be
made to contestants, and I shall be very sorry
to see the House now extend payment of
these expenses to sitting members who have
drawn salaries for the entire term. I hope
this bill will not pass.
Mr. STRONG. This bill was reported by
the Committee of Elections in the last Con-
gress. Those members of the Forty-First
Congress now present will probably recollect
that the Committee of Elections reported a bill
paying Mr. Conner $2,000 for his expenses
in vindicating his right to a seat in this
House, and that after discussion it was finally
laid upon the table, on the ground that its
passage would establish a precedent for the
payment of all successful contestants. The
Committee of Claims do not believe in the
rule which we agree lias prevailed in Con-
gress for the last ten years, that the unsuc-
cessful party to a contest shall be paid his
expenses while the successful party is allowed
nothing. This rule is contrary to the pre-
cedents, so far as we are advised, that are
followed in the legislative bodies throughout
the country. It is contrary to the common
principles of justice to hold ihat the man en-
titled to a seat in this House must vindicate
his right at his own expense, while the person
who annoys and harrasses him shall be made
good out of the national Treasury. In all our
courts the successful litigant is awarded bis
costs, and the defeated party has to pay them
in addition to his own expenses. Why should
a rule so entirely different prevail in contests
here? Is it not calculated to induce unprin-
cipled men to claim seats to which they have
not a shadow of title?
But we say that this is not an ordinary case
of a contested seat, and that it cannot prop-
erly be held to be within the rule to which I
have adveited. Mr. Conner had the certifi-
cate of election, and came here without having
received notice or any intimation from the
contestant that he was going to contest the
seat, and the time allowed bylaw for giving
such notice had expired. After Mr. Conner
arrived here the Committee of Elections,
against his protest, assumed jurisdiction, and
allowed the contestant to take evidence
throughout his district in Texas. Mr. Con-
ner was compelled to employ attorneys, and
to procure the testimony of witnesses from
different parts of the district, at an expense
of about three thousand dollars. Finally,
after many weeks of vexatious contest, the
committee unanimously decided that the con-
testant had utterly failed to establish his
claim, and thereupon, if my memory serves
me correctly, they awarded him his expenses.
Ought be to have been paid a single dollar?
Clearly there is no justice in the rule that has
heretofore prevailed. We say it is not, right
to take from Mr. O&nxer the sum of $3,000
and make him no compensation in return.
We say his expenses should have been paid,
and not those of his opponent.
The Committee of Claims recommend the
passage of this bill for the reasons that I have
stated. If, however, the House ehooses to vote
it down, and to insist that hereafter it shall be
the rule that a man who succeeds in vindicat-
ing his right to his seat shall pay his own ex-
penses, while the man who contests and is
