46
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
may not originate a, bill. I think that the
Senator himself has made several such prop-
ositions. I think I can recall his attention to
several that he has made on other occasions.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the Senator is
mistaken about that. I have proposed fund-
ing bills ; I have proposed loan bills, and bills
reducing taxation; but what is technically a
bill raising revenue I have never proposed
here, because itwould be in plain and manifest
violation of the provisions of the Constitu-
tion. In that view I doubt the propriety of
the Senate even going so far as to allow such
a bill to be introduced and referred, thereby
directing its committee to examine it, because
it creates at once a feeling in the other House
that we are indirectly violating a provision of
the Constitution which declares that we shall
not originate a bill raising revenue.
Mr. SUMNER. Well, " raising revenue."
My object is to reduce taxation. There is
a rule of the Senate that you cannot report
from a committee to increase, but you may
to reduce. The Senator will see in that the
philosophy of the provision in the Constitu-
tion, and I have serious doubts whether the
Senate should disarm itself of the power of
interfering to diminish the taxes of the people.
Is that the principle to be asserted, that the
Senate has no right to initiate a movement to
diminish taxation ? Where is there any such
provision in the Constitution of the United
States. The Senator misreads the Constitu-
tion. We cannot originate a bill to increase
taxation ; but I think the Senator will agree
that it will be dangerous to tie the hands of the
Senate so that it shall not bear its part in
reducing the taxes of the people.
Why, how often, during these last years,
have we all, or at least some of us, insisted
upon the reduction of taxation. I myself,
more than onee, have said from my seat
here, "Down with the taxes." Was I utter-
ing a cry that I should not utter as a Senator ?
Certainly, if I had no right to initiate any step
in that direction, the cry was out of place. 1
believed that it was in place, and I believe
that in bringing forward this bill now, which
has for its special object the reduction of taxa-
tion, I am discharging the duties of a Senator,
and responding to the demands of the people.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the question is
taken on the reference of this bill I again
wish to say to the Senator from Massachusetts
that he cannot put me in the position of being
opposed to the reduction of taxes.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not seek to put the
Senator in that position.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am strongly in favor
of the reduction of taxes, and I hope at this
session to see accomplished the reduction of
at least fifty million dollars of taxation; but
I propose to do it in a constitutional way. I
do not wish to invite a controversy with the
House of Representatives on a question in
which the Constitution is against us, or even
upon one on which the constitutional power
of the Senate is doubtful. I wish to see the
reduction of taxes accomplished in the proper
and usual mode. At the last session of the
last Congress we proposed to repeal the in-
come tax. The House of Representatives
took the ground that we had no power to
originate a bill repealing the income tax,
because that was a revenue bill. I did not
concur with the House of Representatives. I
supposed that a bill simply repealing a specific
tax was not a bill raising revenue, and that
the Senate was right in that controversy ; but
the House of Representatives was so tenacious
about it that after long conferences the com-
mittees of conference disagreed, and were
compelled to report the disagreement, and the
bill fell.
Now,- Mr. President, we have three bills
from the House of Representatives in regard
to duties 011 imported goods. We have the
power to propose any modification of the duties
which they propose to repeal. Our right to
amend those'bills would go so far_ as to allow
us to make any amendment that is pertinent
to a tariff bill. Instead of repealing the duties
they propose to repeal, we may propose to re-
peal others, to modify the duties they propose
to repeal, or to change them in any form. But
it does not seem to me that, under the color of
an amendment to those bills, we have the power
to change the internal revenue laws._ At any
rate that raises a very doubtful question. Cer-
tainly, however, upon one point I am clear:
this Senate cannot, under pretense of decreas-
ing taxes, propose to raise the tax on whisky
from fifty to eighty cents a gallon. If a bill
doing that is not a bill raising revenue I do
not know what a bill raising revenue is.
Mr. SUMNER. May I remind the Senator
there that in raising the stamp tax from fifty
to eighty cents the additional thirty cents is a
substitute for four taxes on spirits which I pro-
pose to abolish, so that my object is to make
a single stamp tax of eighty cents as a substi-
tute for the existing stamp tax of fifty cents
and the four other taxes which I mentioned
when I introduced the bill ?
Mr. SHERMAN. There again the Senator
is mistaken as to the amount. It is conceded
on all hands that the present whisky tax is
about sixty-seven cents a gallon; no more.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senator is mis-
taken. 1 will mention to him that, my author-
ity is the very best that is possible in Wash-
ington.
Mr. SHERMAN. Ihave the highest official
authority, and have examined the subject- fully.
The taxes levied at the distillery are about
sixty-seven cents a gallon. Then there is a
special tax on a different class of people, the
wholesale dealers and the retail dealers.
Mr. SUMMER. I include that. Itakeinto
consideration first the barrel tax of ten cents,
second the one per cent, tax on the sales of
the wholesale dealer, third the one per cent,
tax on the sales of the retail dealer, and then
fourthly what is called the capacity tax. Those
four taxes together—so I am informed by those
who ought to know as well as anybody can
know, and after inquiry during the last few
days with special reference to ascertaining the
amount—those taxes together are something
above twenty-five cents, between twenty-five
and thirty cents. I propose to call it thirty
cents; abolish those taxes, and add thirty cents
to the existing stamp tax of fifty cents.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now I hope the Senator
from Massachusetts will allow me to finish my
statement.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly. Excuse me.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator himself ad-
mits that, to a small fraction, what he proposes
isanincreaseof taxes ; but he is mistaken yet in
regard to the precise amount of the whisky tax.
Itisa fraction over seventy-four, nearly seventy-
five cents, including the special tax on retail-
ers and wholesale dealers; so that his bill pro-
poses to consolidate a great mass of taxes, and
to impose a new tax in lieu thereof of eighty
cents on a gallon of whisky. If that is not a
bill raising revenue, then no bill can be pro-
posed that will raise revenue.
Mr. President, it occurs to me that in a prac-
tical measureofthiskind, where itis absolutely
necessary to bring about a concurrence between
the two Houses, we ought not to invite a con-
troversy by attempting to do that which the
Constitution plainly forbids us to do. We have
no more right to originate a revenue bill than
the House of Representatives have a right to
pass upon the nominations of the President,
and any assertion by the Senate of a power to
do it, even in a doubtful case, will only prevent
that agreement between the two Houses which
is necessary to accomplish the result we both
have in view.
I have no doubt, Mr. President, that during
the present session of Congress nearly all the
taxes that the Senator from Massachusetts pro-
poses to repeal will pass away, because they
are no longer necessary ; but we ought not to
do anything that will prevent a substantial
agreement between the two ^ Houses. We
ought not to assume unconstitutional power, or
commence in a way that is likely to prevent an
agreement between the two Houses. I there-
fore think that the bill introduced by the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts, if he in-
sists upon introducing it, ought to lie on the
table, and not be referred to the Committee on
Finance or any other committee; because if
it is referred, that is an assumption by the
Senate that we have the right to pass it, else
why refer it? If it is merely referred to the
Committee on Finance for their information as
the basis of an amendment to some bill that
may come to us hereafter, all I can say is that
it is premature. We have now before us bills
relating to the tariff which will cover the whole
tariff question, and on which in due time we
can report our amendments to the tariff; but
it seems to me we ought not in any way to
recognize in any form any legislation propos-
ing to originate here bills raising revenue. If
the Senator insists on a reference to the Com-
mittee on Finance, I, as a member of that
committee, certainly do not object to consid-
ering the subject, but I think the bill ought to
lie on the table simply because we have uot the
power to originate that particular bill or that
class of bills.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me, if my friend
will pardon me, that his objection is prema-
ture. It might come very properly on the re-
port of his committee; but I do doubt whether
it is seasonable now. In offering the bill, I ask
the Senate through its committee to consider
the expediency, propriety, and also, if you
please, the constitutionality of such a measure.
The Senator proposes to meet the whole ques-
tion on the threshold without a reference. I
think it would be better that the bill should
take the ordinary course of bills in this Cham-
ber—be referred, be considered, and at the
proper time acted on. If on careful inquiry
the committee should be of opinion that it was
not advisable to proceed with it, that proceed-
ing with it might be the occasion of difference
between the two Houses. I think the Senator
knows me well enough to be assured that I
should have no disposition to press the bill
under such circumstances. I should gladly
defer to the judgment of the committee. In
introducing the bill Ihave mademyself the rep-
resentative of my own constituents, and of peo-
ple generally throughout the country anxious
for the reduction of taxation, and at the same
time to do away with the expensive machinery
through which that taxation is enforced. I
bring forward the measure in all simplicity as
an honest contribution to that question. I did
not suppose that I should be encountered on
the threshold by an objection of form. I hope,
therefore, that the bill will take the ordinary
course, will be referred to the committee, and
I shall await with proper tranquillity their de-
cision on the subject. I ask for its reference,
and that it be printed.
Mr. THURMAN. If my recollection is not
at fault, the celebrated compromise bill of Mr.
Clay was introduced originally in the Senate.
The question certainly was very much debated
whether that bill could properly originate in the
Senate. The argument in favor of it was that it
reduced the duties, brought them all, or nearly
all, down ultimately to a uniform rate of twenty
per cent, ad valorem. It was said that there
were certain provisions in the bill that raised
the duty on certain articles, and the Senate
was divided in opinion as to whether that bill
could originate in the Senate; but, if my recol-
lection is correct, a majority of the Senate sus-
tained the bill, and the bill which ultimately
became a law originated in the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. No.
Mr. THURMAN. I may be mistaken, but
I think I am not.
Mr. SHpRMAN. If my colleague will allow
me, a bill had been passed by the House of
Representatives, and on Mr. Clay's motion his
