1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1839
ber of shippers and seamen of the United
States are vitally concerned. I can assure
the genileman from New York that I receive
letters daily from almost every port of the
United States praying on the part of men
engaged in the shipping interest that this bill
may be considered, and, with such amend-
ments as Congress may be disposed to make,
shall be passed into law at the earliest practi-
cable moment. Gentlemen will have every
opportunity for amendment and discussion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not wish
it to be considered that my motion to go into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union on the Post Office appropriation bill is
made in a spirit of hostility to this bill. On
the contrary, I think this is a good bill. Bat
it is perfectly evident that the bill is new to
most of the members of the House, and if it
be allowed to go over until to-morrow morn-
ing the gentleman from Michigan will be en-
abled to make more progress in half an hour
than he now makes in an hour. At first, I was
disposed to question the bill entirely, and there
are many members who do not know anything
about it. I insist on my motion to go into the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, is it not in
order for me to ask the sense of the House in
reference to the consideration of this bill?
The SPEAKER. The sense of the House
will he tested on the motion to go into com-
mittee. If the House should refuse to go into
committee on the Post Office appropriation
bill, it would then resume the consideration of
this bill.
Mr. CONGER. I hope, then, that the House
will not go into committee, but will give us
to-day for the consideration and passage of
this important bill. "
extension of debate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that the
rules be suspended and the House resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the Post Office appro-
priation bill.
Mr. RANDALL. Before going into com-
mittee, I move that debate be extended one
hour.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Say two
hours.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope it will
not be extended more than half an hour.
Mr. KERR. I hope we shall have two
hours.
Mr. RANDALL. I am willing to test the
sense of the House as to whether it shall be
one hour or two hours. According to my
statement yesterday, I feel that I ought not to
agree to two hours.
The SPEAKER. These are all undebata-
ble motions ; but it is in order for the gentle-
man to move that debate be extended two
hours.
Mr. PETERS. Has the House not already
voted that debate shall be limited to an hour?
The SPEAKER. That does not prevent
the House from enlarging the scope of debate
still further.
Mr. PETERS. Should not the motion to
reconsider be made?
The SPEAKER. Not necessarily.
Mr. SARGENT. I think that the friends
of this bill would not object to accept the
proposition of the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia "to extend the debate for one hour, which
was what was asked yesterday.
Mr. COX. We now want two hours. We
want to kill all these subsidy bills at once.
Mr. KERR. I hope the House will not
give less than two hours.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope not, but
that debate shall be limited to half an hour.
Mr. MORGAN. I hope we shall have two
hours, and the time allotted to each member
shall be extended to ten minutes instead of
five.
The SPEAKER. That would not be a
competent motion. Nothing but a suspension
of the rules could accomplish the gentleman's
object, as the rules prescribe how debate shall
be limited, although they do not prescribe what
time shall be allowed for debate in the Com-
mittee of the Whole. The rules prescribe five
minutes to each member, and that can only be
got rid of by a motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. TO WNSEND, of New York. I do not
think that gentlemen on this side of the House
should insist on having two hours of debate.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman has had
his opportunity to be heard and I have not.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. This
debate seems to have resolved itself into an
attack upon the motives of members.
Mr. KERR. We do not intend to retire
from any debate on that very point.
The SPEAKER. The question is not
debatable.
Mr. SARGENT. I would suggest as a
compromise that the debate shall be closed
and the committee come to a vote at four
o' clock.
Mr. KERR. I accept that.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Let the understanding be
simply that the debate shall cease at the hour
named. The motion may then be made that
the committee rise.
Mr. SARGENT. My proposition is that the
debate shall proceed until four o'clock, and
that at that hour the vote shall be taken. This
will allow over an hour and a half further for
debate.
Mr. COX. Instead of saying that the com-
mittee shall then vote, let the uhderstanding
be that the committee shall then dispose of the
question as it shall see fit. There may be other
amendments offered.
The SPEAKER. It would not be com-
petent for the House to cut off amendments.
The proposition is that the debate shall cease
at four o'clock, and that at that hour the com-
mittee will proceed to vote. Is there objec-
tion? The Chair hears none.
LIGHT-HOUSE AT NEW HAVEN, CONNECTICUT.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which
was read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be requested to inquire into
the expediency of removing tbo ligbt-house at New
Haven harbor, Connecticut, from its present posi-
tion to the southwest ledge, so called, near the en-
trance of said harbor, and make a report to thisr'
House.
post office appropriation bill.
The question was on the motion that the
rules be suspended and the House resolve
itself into Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union on the special order.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
86, noes 36.
So the motion was agreed to; and^the House
accordingly resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole, (Mr. Wheeler in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 1070) making appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Post Office Department for the
year ending June 30, 1873.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending paragraph
before the committee is the following:
For steamship service between San Francisco,
Japan, and China, $500,000.
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Conger]
moves to amend this paragraph by striking out
all after the word "China," and inserting in
lieu thereof:
One million dollars: Provided, That the steam-
ship company shall perform said service semi-
monthly in ships of American construction.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] moves, as a substitute for the amend-
ment, the following:
Provided, That the steamship company shall per-
form the service semi-monthly, and may perform the
said service in ships of foreign construction.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Crocker] moves, as an additional proviso,
the following:
_ Provided, In the event of war the vessels of the
line may be taken possession of by the United States
Government for the exclusive use and service of the
United States, subject, however, to such remunera-
tion and pay for the same as said Government shall
deem just and equitable.
By direction of the House debate will cease
on the pending paragraph and amendments
at four o'clock, and the committee will then
proceed to vote thereon.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, and Mr. WILLIAMS
of New York, rose.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair desires to
state now that the debate for the remainder
of the time allotted to it must proceed in
accordance with the rules of the House. The
Chair will recognize gentlemen who have not
spoken on the pending proposition, to the
exclusion of those who have. The Chair rec-
ognizes the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Williams.]
Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York. I propose,
Mr. Chairman, to give my vote in tavor of
this proposition. I shall do so because I
consider that this appropriation of money is
necessary to aid the commerce of our country
with Japan and China.
Some of my friends on this side of the
House insist that this is a subsidy. On that
point I take issue with my friend from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Beck] and my friend from In-
diana, [Mr. Kerr.] I say, sir, that this is
simply an extension of the mail service to'
accommodate our commerce. In my opinion
it is not a subsidy, but simply an extension of
mail service over routes where the carriage of
mail matter is not self-sustaining. If this is
to be declared a subsidy, I desire to call the
attention of my friend from Kentucky and my
friend from Indiana to the position their own
States occupy in this respect. According to
the report ot' the Postmaster General, I find
that the receipts from the mail matter carried
by the mail service in both of those States
falls largely short of paying the expenses of
the transportation of mails in those States.
And yet when we ask these gentlemen to vote
for an extension of the mail service, which
will be for the benefit of the whole country,
they turn round and charge that it is a subsidy
out of the Government funds.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I desire to call the
attention of the committee to the fact that the
revenues of the Post Office Department come
largely from the States in which the great com-
mercial cities of this country are situate^. The
State of New York, sir, contributes a profit
on the receipts from the postal service of
$2,000,000 more than the expenses of the
Department in that State. The State of Penn-
sylvania is largely a creditor in this respect.
The State of Illinois, in which is situated the
great commercial emporium of the West, Chi-
cago, raises and contributes $400,000 over
and above the expenses of the service in that
State. Taking New England, and the Stales
of New York, Pennsylvania, and Illinois, the
profits from their mail service is over four
million dollars, and we simply ask this House
to extend this mail service to Japan and
China, so as to increase the commerce of this
country and take a portion of the profits that
are collected out of the merchants of the cities
to pay for that service.
Now I desire te call the attention of the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerr,] -who
seems to have great fear that the House will
pass this subsidy, to the fact that of the money
contributed by the commercial portions of the
country over sixty-five or seventy-five thou-
sand dollars is contributed to sustain routes,
within his own State, over and above what is
received from the mail service in that State.
I desire to call his attention, and that of the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] to
the fact that if they object to this system of
subsidies, and object to any mail service ex-
cepting over routes that will pay, they should
