1871.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
bill was attached as an amendment to the bill
from the House; but the House considered
the question first. My colleague states the his-
tory of the bill correctly.
Mr. THURMAN. I know the cpiestion was
frequently discussed. I am speaking now sim-
ply from memory, not having looked at it for
many years; but my recollection is that the
bill which ultimately became a law originated
in the Senate, though there was a very great
diversity of opinion among the ablest members
of the Senate whether that bill could properly
originate in the Senate.
1 do not propose, however, to go into that
question one way or the other, but I do think
this bill ought to be referred to a committee,
and that the committee should, if necessary,
consider that question, whether or not it is a
bill that can originate in the Senate. If it is
not, that will be a good ground for the com-
mittee to report that the bill ought not to pass.
I do not think it ought to be laid on the table.
I do not thiuk a queslion involving the power
of the Senate to originate a bill on so great a
question as this ought to be silenced at once
by laying it on the table. We ought either to
discuss it before the reference on the question
of referring it or we ought to refer it and have
a report of a committee upon it, which I think
would be much the better way.
In view of the disagreement of the Houses
at the last session of the last Congress, when
the House of Representatives sent us back one
of our bills with an admonition that we were
transcending our jurisdiction and had no busi-
ness to originate any such bill—I refer to the
bill abolishing the income tax—I think this
bill ought to be referred, and let the committee
report on the constitutional question, and I
hope my colleague will not object to that
course. I know nothing about the merits of
the bill. I have never heard it read.
Mr. SCOTT. Having had occasion to ex-
amine this question with some degree of care
at the last session, I only rise to say that the
course suggested by the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Thurman] is the course that was taken
with Mr. Clay's bill. When that bill was intro-
duced, a question was made upon its introduc-
tion, whether it should be received in conse-
quence of the very question which he stated
in reference to it, and although there was a
diversity of sentiment in the Senate as to the
power of the Senate over the bill on the con-
stitutional question, yet there was but little
diversity as to the propriety of referring it to
a committee.
While I am on my feet on this point, I may
say, in view of what has already been elicited,
that the bill of the Senator from Massachusetts
certainly does raise the question in both forms
that it has hitherto been presented to the Sen-
ate. In the first place, it raises the question
as to the power of the Senate to originate a
bill to reduce taxation ; a measure which, even
if the Senate were to stand upon its opinion,
would be productive of no good, for the House
would stand upon its opinion, as it did at the
last session. It also introduces the feature of
raising revenue, not raising revenue in the
sense of increasing revenue, but of producing
revenue ; so that in either point of view the
bill will have to encounter the objections that
have hitherto been made. But I concur in
what the Senator from Ohio has said, that its
reference will be proper, when these questions
can be disposed of.
Leave was granted to introduce the bill (S.
No. 343) to reduce internal taxes and to abol-
ish the office of Commissioner of Internal
Revenue; and it was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Finance.
bills introduced.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 344) to amend section two, act of August
SO, 18-52, in relation to the transportation and
exportation of imported goods, wares, and
merchandise in bond through certain ports in
the State of Texas; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER also asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 345) for deepening St. Clair flats
canal to sixteen feet; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 346) for the appraisement and sale of
the Kansas Indian lands, in the State of Kan-
sas, and for other purposes; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the bill, with
an accompanying communication from the
Department of the Interior on the subject, be
printed and referred to the Committee on In-
dian Affairs. The communication gives the
history of the action of the Department in
reference to the subject-matter of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY also asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 347) granting a pension to Sarah
McEnany; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. NYE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 348)
to provide for the irrigation of the Bear River
valley, in Utah Territory; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lauds, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HAMLIN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 349) to provide for the payment of D.
B. Allen & Co. for services in carrying the
United States mails ; which was read twice by
its tide, referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 350) for the relief of Captain J. M.
Keeler, late provost marshal for the State of
Oregon ; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 351) to fix the compensation of the Sec-
ond Comptroller and Register of the Treas-
ury ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Finance, and oxdered to
be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 352) for the relief of Benjamin
H. Campbell, marshal of the United States
for the northern district of Illinois ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and oidered to
be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 353)
to restore the records of the United States
courts in the northern district of Illinois;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to state in
reference to these two bills that they have
been sent to me by the officials at Chicago to
accomplish the objects which the titles indi-
cate, and I introduce them without having
carefully examined as to the features of the
bills.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 354) relating to the Reform School of the
District of Columbia; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia, aud ordered to be
printed.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, asked, aud by
unanimous consent obtained, leave to intro-
duce a bill (S. No. 355) referring the claim of
Isaac W. Ingersoll and Joseph Granger for
damages under a contract for building a marine
hospital at Detroit, Michigan, to the Court of
Claims; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Claims, aud
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 356) giving construction to the acts of
Congress granting lands to the State of Wis-
consin to aid in building a railroad; which wa3
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 357)
for the relief of Francis Holborn ; which was
read twice by its title, referred, with the ac-
companying affidavits, to the Committee on
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. WEST asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
358) to confer jurisdiction upon the United
States circuit court for the fifth circuit and dis-
trict of" Louisiana to settlelheconflictingclaims
of the United States and other creditors of the
late First National Bank of New Orleans;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. WRIGHT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 359) to confer upon the Court of Claims
jurisdiction of the claim of Brevet Brigadier
General B. S. Roberts; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on
Claims, aud ordered to be printed.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 360) to establish the Territory of Ojibway,
and to provide a temporary government there-
for ; which was read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Territories, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SCOTT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
361) relating to witnesses and to proceedings
before congressional committees ; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, aud ordered to be
printed.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
3G2) declaratory of an act entitled "An act
to reduce internal taxes, and for other pur-
poses," approved July 14, 1870; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BOREMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 363) to provide for a building for a post
office, for the accommodation of the revenue
officers and United States courts and their
offices, in the city of Parkersburg, West Vir-
ginia; which was lead twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ax-
thon'y in the chair.) The morning hour hav-
ing expired, it becomes the duty of the Chair
to call up the unfinished business, which is the
resolution reported by the Senator from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Scott] with regard to certain
witnesses.
Mr. LOGAN. I have been very unfortu-
nate, and I am sorry that the morning hour
has expired. I have tried three different
times to get the eye of the Chair to introduce
a bill, but have not been able to do so.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ If there be
no objection, the unfinished business will be
laid aside informally for that purpose.
Mr. LOGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
364) legalizing the issue of food, blankets,
&c., to the sufferers by fire at Chicago ; which
was read twice by its title, and ordered to lie
on the table, and be printed.
