3632
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 18,
together for weeks after the election, no notice
Was served on him of contest until long after
the period provided by law for that purpose
had expired. Then the committee gave to the
contestaut the right to contest after that right
had expired by law.
By tnat action of the House in giving to the
contestant the right to contest Mr. Conner
was put to the expenses he was put to in this
case, which proved to be unusually heavy and
extraordinary, and for these reasons. The con-
test had to be carried on while he was here,
because the notice was not served until March,
1870, after he came to Washington. He had
to carry on the contest, taking the testimony
of witnesses scattered all over Texas by other
bands. In this way, in the first place, he was
put to unusual expense; and in the second
place, from the extent of his district and its
very sparse settlement, he was also involved in
extraordinary expenses. My recollection of
the statement of Mr. Conner to the com-
mittee is that it cost him four or five thousand
dollars to carry on the contest against a con-
testant who never had a show of right, and
who never took more than six depositions,
but who was allowed $1,500 by this House for
his expenses, and who would not have had any
right to contest if the House had not given
him that right. Therefore, I regarded, as did
my colleagues of the sub-committee, this as an
exceptional case; and under the rule then in
force, acting as a separate committee, we,
under those peculiar circumstances, imported
an allowance should be made to him, which we
fixed at $2,000.
Mr. STliQNG. I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move to re-
commit the bill to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. STKONG. I do not yield for that pur-
pose.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The House divided \ and there were—ayes
105, noes 20.
Mr. McCRA.RY demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it resulted in
the affirmative—yeas 116, nays 31, not voting
92; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Averill, Banks, Barry,
Beatty. Bell, Biggs, Bird, Austin Blair, James G.
Blair, Bright, Buckloy, Burdett, Benjamin F.But-
ler, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Oobb, Coghlan,
Comingo, Conger, Oox, Critciier, Crossland, Bar-
rail, Davis, Dox, Du Bose, Dueli, Duke, Bunnell,
Elliott, Ely. Harwell, Jforker, Charles Foster, Henry
IX Fostor, Fryo, Garrett, Qidditigs, Golladay, Grif-
fith, lialdemari, Hatnbleton, Hancock, George E.
Hurrib, John T. Harris, Jiavens, Jrlawley, Hays,
Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard, Houghton, Kendall,
King, Lamison, Lamport, Leach, Lewis, Lowe, Man-
sou, McClelland, JVlcGrevv, Melntyre, MeJunkm,
Merriam, Moore, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Nib-
laek, Orr, Husca W. Parker. Isaac C. Parker, Pen-
dleton. Perce, Potter, Price, Raiuey, Head, John M.
m Rice, William li. Roberts, Robinson, Sargent, Ses-
sions, Shanks, Sheldon, Sherwood, Shober, Slator,
Sloss, H. Boardman Smith, Snapp, R. Milton Speer,
Thomas J. Speor, Starkweather, Stevens, Storm,
Strong, Sutherland, Swann, Sypher, Terry. Wash-
ington Townsorid, Van Trump, Vauprhan, Waddcll,
Wakeman, Wallace, Walla, Warren, Whiteley, Wil-
liams ot Indiana, Williams of New York, Jeremiah
M. Wilson, nnd Winchester—116.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Arthur, Barber, Buffin-
ton, Cotton, Donnan,Furnsworth, Wilder B. Foster,
Hale,Gerry W.Hazelton, Hoar, Killinger, Lansing,
MeCormick, MeCrary, Packard, Packer, Palmer,
Peek, Poland, Edward Y. Rico, Sawyer, Scofield,
John A. Smith, Sprague, Thomas. Upson, Wafden,
Waldron, Wheeler, and Willard—31.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Ames, Archer,
Barnura, Beck, Beveridge, Bigrby, Bingham, Boles,
Braxton, Brooks, Burchard, Roderick R. Butler,
Clarke, Cobuin, Conner, Crebs, Creely, Crocker,
Dawes, Dc Large, Dickey, Eames, Eldredgc, Fink-
elnbarg, Garfield, Getz, Goodrich, Halsey, Hand-.,
ley, Hanks, llarmer, U.frper, Hay, John W. Hazel-
ton. Hill. Holman, Hooper, Kelley. Kellogg, Kerr,
Ketcham, Kinsella, Lynch, Marshall, Maynard, Me-
Henry, McKce, McKinney, McNcely, Mercur, Mer-
rick, Benjamin F. Meyer?, Mitchell,Monroe, Morey,
Morgan, Negley, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Peters,
Piatt, Porter, Prmdle, Randall, Ritchie, Ellis H.
Roberts, Rogers, Roosevelt, Rusk, Seeley, Shella-
barger. Shoemaker, Slocurn. Worthington C. Smith,
Snyder, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell. St. John,
2a£e, Dwiskt Townsend, Turner, Tuthill, Twichell,
Tyner. Voorhees Wells, Whitthorne, John T. Wil-
son, Wood, and Young—92.
So the bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. BRAXTON Said: I desire to m&ke a
personal explanation. I have not voted on
this bill because I considered myself person-
ally interested in it, as, in connection With the
contest of my seat, the same principle would
apply to my own case.
The result of the vote, as above recorded,
was then announced.
The bill having been engrossed, was read the
third time, and passed.
Mr. STRONG moved to recosSider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to make a privileged
report. 1 present the report of the committee
of conference on the Indian appropriation
bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would suggest that this
report will necessarily occupy some time, and
that it might be well to fix some future period
for its consideration.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not think it will
occupy more than a few moments. It is a
privileged report, and I ask that it shall be now
considered.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. R. No 1192) making appropriations for tho
current and contingent expenses of the Indian de-
partment, and for fulfilling treaty stipulations with
various Indian tribes for the year ending June30,
1873, and for other purposes, having met, after fu II
and free conference have agreed to recommend, and
do recommend to their respective Houses, as fol-
lows:
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 2, 38, and 57.
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Sen-
ate numbered 56,64, 66, 97, 74, and 76, and agree to
the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the several amendments of the House to the fifty-
second amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with an amendment, as follows: in line eight
of said Senate amendment strike out the words
"sixty-nine,"and insert in lieu the words "seventy-
one;" and at tho eDd of said amendment add the
following: "and it is hereby declared to be the in-
tention and meaning of the said ninth and tenth
sections to authorize and direct the Secretary of the
Interior to cause to b© patented to each and every
Winnebago Indian, lawfully resident in the State
of Minnesota at the date of said act, in accordance
with tho conditions of said two sections, an allot-
ment of laiid, who has not heretofore received tho
same, in quantity as provided in the treaty of April
15.1859;" and the House agree to the same.
That thellouse recede from their disagreement to
the fifty-fourth amendmentof theSenate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: in lino
five of said amendment, after the word "* dollars,"
insert tho following: "And provided, That no part
of this appropriation shall be used for the survey of
the reserved lands of the Choctaws, Sominoles, or
Creeks, or of the lands of the Cherokees oast of the
ninety-sixth meridian, without the consent of said
Indians first expressed in open council in the usual
mannerand before the word " provided," in the
same line, insert the word "and," and after the
same word "provided"insertthe word "further;"
and tho Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixtieth amendment of the Senate, and agree to
thesame with tho following amendment: strikeout
of tho bill lines twenty-five, twenty-six, and twenty-
seven on page 58, and lines one and two on page 59,
and insert in lieu thereof the following: "For this
amount, to purchase subsistence and clothing for the
Indians located upon the Uintah Valley reservation
in Utah, and forsuch other objects as the Secretary
of the Interior may deem necessary and advisable
to promote the civilization and improvement ofsaid
Indians. $10,000and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the sixty-ninth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment, as follows: in line
fifteen of said amendment, after tho word "Chip-
pewas," insert the following words: "first expressed
in open council in the usual manner;" and the Sen-
ato agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventy-first amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
At the end ofsaid amendment add tho following;
Provided, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he hereby is, aut&££«ed to negotiate with the
Southern Cheyenne? and Arapahoes for the relin-
quishment of their claims to the land ceded to ttoem
by the second article of the treaty of October 28,1867,
out of the cession made by the Cherokees in tho
treaty of July 19, 1866; such relinquishment, if ob-
tained, to be in consideration of a sufficient and per-
manent location for the said Cheyennes and Arapa-
hoes upon the lands ceded to the United States by
the Creeks and Seminoles in the treaties of March.
21 and Jane 14,1866, and that the Secretary report
the action taken by him under this provision to Con-
gress at its next session;" and theSenate agree to the
same.
That the Senate rccede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to tho seventy-third
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendment: in line four of said
Senate amendment, after the word " claims," insert
the following words: "arising under existing laws
or treaty stipulations;" and the House agree to tho
same as so modified.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventy-fifth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: strike
out of said amendment all after the word " same,"
in line twelve, down to and including the word
" each," in line fifteen, and insert in lieu thereof the
following words: "at public sale to the highest bid-
der, in tracts not exceeding one hundred and sixty
acres each, at such place in the congressional district
in which said lands are situated as inay^ be desig-
nated by the Secretary of the Interior, ninety days'
notice of Which shall be given by advertisement in
at least threenewspapers of general circulation pub-
lished in said congressional district;" and the Sen-
ate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the seventy-seventh amendment of the Senate, and
agree to thesame with the following amendments :
in line eight of said amendment strike out the fol-
lowing words: "in section two of," and insert in
lieu the word "byand that the matter contained
in tho seventy-fourth, seventy-fifth, seventy-sixth,
and seventy-seventh amendments be put into one
section; and the Senate agree to the same as so
modifled- A. A. SAIIGENT.
JOHN C. SHANKS,
THOMAS SWANN.
Manager a on the part of the House.
CORNELIUS COLE,
JAS. HARLAN,
J.W.STEVENSON,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. SARGENT. I move that the report
be agreed to.
Mr. BECK. I hope the gentleman will say
something in explanation of those amendments
before the report is passed.
Mr. SARGENT. I can explain the amend-
ments recommended by the committee of con-
ference very briefly.
The first amendment of any consequence
declares it to be the intention and meaning
of the ninth and tenth sections to authorize
and direct the Secretary of the Interior to
cause to be patented to each and every Winne-
bago Indian, lawfully resident in the State
of Minnessota at the date of said act cer-
tain lands. By a former treaty it was pro-
vided that each Winnebago Indian, being the
head of a family, should have eighty acres,
and each Winnebago Indian, not being the
head of a family, and over eighteen years of
age, should have forty acres of land, inalien-
able until they should become citizens of the
United States; and it was provided that after
they became citizens they should have those
lands in fee, like alt other citizens. A statute
was passed providing for a new enumeration
of these Winnebago Indians in Minnesota, and
for making allotments of those lands. The
allotments were made in favor of fifteen
hundred of these Indians; and a statute was
passed subsequent to that confirming these
allotments, so far as they had been made up
to a certain date. Unfortunately for some
ninety Indians the commission had not time
to finish their work, and left out ninety of them
who were equally entitled with all the rest.
To remedy this injustice to these Indians this
amendment is inserted, allowing them to have
their homesteads.
Another amendment recommended by the
conference committee is to the fifty fourth
amendment of the Senate, and is as follows :
And provided, That 110 part of this appropriation
shall be used for the survey of the reserved lands of
the Choctaws, Seminoles, or Creeks, or of the lands
of the Cherokees east of tho ninety-sixth meridian,
without the consent of said Indians first expressed
in open council in the usual manner.
This will suggest its own explanation to the
