1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1841
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am against this whole
system of legislation upon principle. It is a
system of special legislation. It is for the
benefit of the rich; it is in the interest of the
few. It is designed to aggrandize a few enter-
prising adventurous classes in this country,
whose agents come to this Capitol and by
solicitation, by ingenious argument, by every
device which human ingenuity can suggest,
bring their influence to bear upon members
of the House. It is in the interest of such
legislation as this that you see the halls and
approaches to this Chamber crowded with lob-
byists. It is in the interest of this legislation
that you see your committee-rooms filled by
men who come here to advance their own in-
terests. It is in the interest and support of
such legislation that the galleries of this House
are too often crowded by men who sit there
with a black frown upon their brow seeking to
influence members to do their bidding. So
baneful is this system of legislation that there
is hardly a State of this Union where the ques-
tion of special legislation has been up for
discussion that there were_ not_ found strong
advocates for providing against it by constitu-
tional provisions.
Mr. Chairman, if this steamship company is
engaged in the business, and still continues in
the prosecution of that business, it is a self-
evident fact that it is so engaged because the
business is profitable, or else it would not be
in it. Sir, there is not a body of capitalists
in this country who would engage in this or
any other business, and continue to prosecute
it, if it were not profitable. This steamship
company, therefore, must be in a profitable
business, and being so engaged, it has no right
to demand subsidies to be paid out of the money
of the people.
Gentlemen have spoken here of States whose
postal system is not self-sustaining. Now,
Mr. Chairman, I represent in part the State
of Illinois, whose postal system is not only
self-sustaining, but largely beyond, and whose
receipts far exceed the expenditures. That
State, too, has a population composed in great
part of that class in this country which derive
110 benefit from the high protective tariff sys-
tem imposed upon them, a system which has
destroyed our ships, which has contributed
largely to destroy our trade and commerce
and to sweep our flag from the high seas, and
which to-day is the fruitful source of all the
trouble to our shipping interests and to those
engaged in ship-building.
Besides, it is difficult to say if we begm this
system where it is to cease. Where, let me
ask gentlemen, is this policy of bounties and
subsdies to end ? Here is a proposition granting
$1,000,000 subsidy to this steamship company.
Does not every member on this floor know that
this is only one of the many subsidies, amount-
ing urobably to twenty million dollars, which
are to be asked at the hands of Congress dur-
ing this session? Isitnotwell known that the
Secretary of the Treasury proposes to give
millions of dollars in the way of bounty to
ship-builders?
[Here the hammer fell.]
message prom the president.
The committee informally rose; and a mes-
sage, in writing, was received from the Presi-
dent by Mr. Porter, one of his secretaries.
post office appropriation bill.
The committee resumed its session.
Mr. HAZELTON, of New Jersey. Mr.
Chairman, I propose, as_a matter of course,
to occupy only the five minutes allotted to me
under the rules. And permit me, in the first
place, to allude to the remarks of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Hay] who has just
taken his seat. It has been intimated there
i s a lobby which is affecting the votes of mem-
bers of this House in the interest of this mat-
ter. Now, sir, I wish to denounce any such
assertion so far as I am concerned.
42  Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 116.
I admit, Mr. Chairman, that in the discussion
of this question there have boon very many
questions brought up which properly do not
come within the scope of legitimate debate
upon the pending proposition. I was struck
the other day with the remark made by a gen-
tleman on this floor in relation to this matter,
that this country was too poor to give subsi-
dies to steamship companies; that_ we were
too poor to enter into competition with Great
Britain. There was a time nearly a century
ago when it was said that the American colo-
nies were too poor to enter into a contest with
Great Britain; that we were too poor to enter
into any such conflict, but after a seven years'
hard struggle we succeeded in framing a re-
publican Government which we in part repre-
sent here to-day. Afterward it was said that
America was too poor to meet England upon
the ocean in the war of 1812. What was the
result? The loyal and_ liberty-loving men of
the country did not believe it. We did meet
England in the war of 1812, and out of that
war we came successful. So to-day we are
told by members here that America is too poor
.to look after her own interests. I know it is
not worth while to attempt to describe the
wealth of this country; I have not the time or
the ability to do it. But gentlemen must know
that compared with those of England, the re-
sources of this vast country are a hundred,
nay, a thousand fold greater.
it seems to nie that it is not American to say
that we are not to look after our own interests
and protect our own commerce. We are able
to do it if we are disposed to do it. It is true
that we have been driven off the Atlantic
ocean, but there is no good reason why we
should not regain our former commercial prom
inence. ,
Gentlemen have also told us that England
was made great by her free-trade policy. We
have been told that England was not great until
she gave up her protective system and adopted
the tree-trade policy. If I have read history
rightly, England was great before she adopted
the free-trade policy. Long before that her
conquests were made when she was under the
protective system. She had able commanders
and able naval officers, whose conquests were
made while England was under the protective
system. And yet we are told here that in order
that we should be great we must adopt the free-
trade heresy. I am one of those who believe
in protecting our own interests ; I am one of
those who believe in protecting our own flag;
I am one of those who are so intensely Amer-
ican that they are willing to go almost too far
in order that American interests may be pro-
tected. Let the people of this country be
guaranteed for a quarter of a century a tithe
of the protection accorded to England for
three or four centuries, the wealth and power
of that empire would sink into insignin*
cance compared with that of the American
Republic.
In the interest of commerce I shall vote lor
this subsidy. We have now one line of rail-
road to the Pacific. It is a great matter, no
doubt, that this road should furnish transport-
ation from one side of the continent to the
other. It is a great matter that we should have
such a railroad for the transportation of our
merchandise. We have now another line of
railroad in progress and still another in con-
templation. Are these constructed merely for
the purpose of facilitating transportation from
one side of the country to another, without any
view to our trade of that empire of the Orient
which was spoken of so beautifully on this
floor not more than a fortnight ago ? I think
it is necessary to give some encouragement or
subsidy to the establishment of commerce with
those eastern empires, and I am in favor of
doing this, that upon the Pacific ocean at least
wo may obtain the supremacy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STEVENSON. If giving money to
this line would promote the general commerce
of the country,' the proposition would com-
mend itself to my favor. But it seems to 'me
it would be beginning a policy, the end of
which we cannot now [foresee. This is but
one line. It is upon a route of commerce
not the most important. Great as is the
Pacific ocean, it carries but a small branch
of our trade, and we cannot expect, by sink-
ing $1,000,000 annually in the Pacific ocean,
to make a bridge over it. Nor caji we expect
to hold that ocean by its mane, as my colleague
"Mr. Garfield] so grandly proposes. _ It will
take a heavier hand to control the Pacific.
But, Mr. Chairman, this is not the way to
revive or extend American commerce. _We
cannot compete with kingdoms and empires
in monopolies. That is their_ method of ad-
vancing trade, commerce, and industry. They
do this by monopolies and subsidies. They
are themselves grand monopolies. But the
American people believe in another principle,
as their Government is of another kind. Equal-
ity is the basis of the Republic, and the people
demand an equal chance and a fair field for
all. Therefore I favor measures which will
give a better opportunity to all Americans,
not to this line alone, or to that or the other,
but to all. We should throw down the bar-
riers and admit ships to our registry and flag.
Our citizens should be allowed to go where
they can buy ships the cheapest and best, and
raise the American flag over them, and sail
them where they can find profit. In taking
this position. I represent the interests and the
opinions of the commercial elements of this
country. Here is a resolution passed by the
Boston Board of Trade on the 11th of this
month, calling upon Congress to grant the
admission to American registry for the purpose
of foreign trade of foreign-built vessels of one
thousand tons and upward. I have also the
proceedings of the National Board of Trade,
which sat in St. Louis in December last, in
which they call upon Congress to pass a law
at its present session authorizing American
citizens to purchase foreign-built vessels and
to register them for service under the Ameri-
can flag, and for such measures as will reduce
to the lowest point the cost of maintenance.
Let us allow our merchants to buy ships
and put them under our flag, and so amend
our laws as to make the maintenance of those
ships cheaper when bought, and then let us
readjust our tariff so as to diminish the cost
of ship-building and the articles which we buy
abroad, and thus promote commerce. Then
shall we have commerce free and prosperous,
in free ships, with our free flag waving over
them.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DICKEY. It does not make any dif-
ference whether the ship waves or the flag
waves. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENSON. Let the gentleman
wave the ship, then.
Mr. DICKEY. It seems to me that there
are three parties here upon this question of
subsidies: first, those who are nominally
opposed to all subsidies, which, when you
analyze it, means that they are opposed to
all subsidies except their own subsidies.
They are very much in favor of a subsidy when
it digs a bar in a channel in their district, or
puts up a custom-house, or improves the navi-
gation of a river. That sort of subsidies they
are in favor of. .
Mr. STEVENSON. Will the gentleman
allow me a question ?
Mr. DICKEY. No, sir ; I will not.
Mr. STEVENSON. I want to say that
nobody owns the rivers.
Mr DICKEY. Everybody knows that the
gentleman always votes for appropriations for
deepening the channel of the Ohio river.
Mr. STEVENSON. That is a public work.
Mr! DICKEY. The commerce of the
