1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
municated to the Senate by the Commissioner
of Agriculture, of which five hundred copies
shall be for the use of the Senate, six thou-
sand for the use of the House, and fourteen
thousand five hundred for the use of the
Commissioner of Agriculture, of which one
hundred shall be supplied to each delegate of
the convention; in which the concurrence of
the House was requested.
CENTRAL PACIFIC RAILROAD.
The yeas and nays were ordered on the
motion to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
Mr. BEATTY moved that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
22, noes 97; not a sufficient number.
Mr. HOLMAN-demanded tellers on the
yeas aud nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Beatty and
Mr. Wheeler were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—yeas forty-one, more than one fifth
of those present.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 35, nays 140, not voting
65 ; as follows :
TEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Beatty, Biggs, Bird, Cox, Crossland, Du
Bose, Golladay, Hambleton, Ilandley, Hanks, Hay,
Hereford, Herndon, Holman, Kerr, Lewis, Manson,
McNeely, Merrick, Monroe, Randall, Read, Edward
Y. Rice, John M. Eice, William B. Roberts, R.
Milton Speer, Terry, DwightTownsend, Wells, and
Young—35. „ , „ ,
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Banks, Barber,
Barnum, Bell, Bingham, Austin Blair, Braxton,
Bright, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton,
Burehard, Burdett. RodericisR. Butler, Wiiliain T.
Clark, Freeman Clarke, Coghlau, Comingo, Con-
ger, Cotton, Creely, Crocker, Darrail, Dawes, Be
Large, Dickey, Don nan, Dox, Duell, Duke, Dun-
nell, Karnes, Elliott, JEly, Farnsworth, Finkelnburg,
WilderD. Foster, Frye, Garrett, Gotz, Griffith, Hal-
deman, Hale, Halsev, Harrner, Harper, George E.
Harris, Havens, Haw ley, Hays, Gerry W. Hazel ton,
JohnW. Hazelton. Hibbard, Hoar, Hooper, Hough-
ton, Kelley, Kellogg, Ketcham, Killinger, Lamison,
Lamport, Lyneb, Marshall, Maynard, McClelland,
Mt-Cormiek, McCrary, McGrew, MeHenry, Mein-
tyre, McJunkin, Mercur, Merriam, Mitchell, Morey,
Morphis. Leonard Myers, Negley, Niblaek, Orr,
Packard, Packer, Hosea W. Parker, £saac C. Parker,
Peck, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry, Peters,
Piatt, Poland, Pottor, Prmdle, Rainey, Ellis H.
Roberts, Rogers, Rusk, Sargent, Seeley, Sessions,
Shanks, Sheldon, Sherwood, Shoemaker, (Slater,
Siocum, Sloss, H. Boardinan Smith, John A. Smith,
Snapp, Snyder, Thomas J. Speer, Starkweather.
Stevens, Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, Strong,
Sutherland, Sypher, Taffe, Turner, Tuthill, Twich-
ell, Tyner, Vaughan, Voorhees, Wakeman, Wal-
den, Waldron, Wallace. Wheeler, Whiteley, Whit-
thorne, Williams of Indiana, Williams of New York,
and Wood—140.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barry, Beck, Beveridge,
Bigfcy, James G. Blair, Boles, James Brooks, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Cobb,
Oobura, Conner, Crebs, Critcher, Davis, Eldredge,
Farwell, Forker, Charles Foster, Henry D. Foster,
Garfield, Goodrich, Haneock, John T. Harris, Hill,
Kendall, King, Kinsella, Lansing. Leach, Lowe,
McKee, McKinney, Benjamin F. Meyers, Moore,
Morgan, Palmer, Pendleton, Porter, Price, Ritchie,
Robinson, Roosevelt, Sawyer, Sco field, Shellabarger,
Bhober, Worthington C. Smith, Sprague, Storm, St.
John, Swann, Thomas, Washington Townsend,
Upson, Van Trump, Waddell, Walls, Warren, Wil-
lard, Jeremiah M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and
Winchester—65.
So the House refused to adjourn.
Mr. HOLMAN. Mr. Speaker, for the pur-
pose ot getting on with the public business I
will again ask the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Wheeled] whether he will consent to
allow the House to have an opportunity to
vot.e on the two amendments which I have
already indicated? This measure can then be
disposed of without further delaying the public
business. If those amendments be voted down
by the House, of course we cannot complain.
The SPEAKER. The question next recurs
on the motion to lay upon the table the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the previous
question was seconded, on which the yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. WHEELER. 1 withdraw the motion to
reconsider and lay upon the table.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—Bo. 172.
Mr. HOLMAN. The two propositions on
which I desire to have a vote of the House
have been submitted to the gentleman from
New York, and if the House has an oppor-
tunity to express its opinion on those proposi-
tions I presume there will be no further effort
to delay final action on the bill. All we
desire is a vote on those propositions.
I submit two propositions. The first is to
provide a sum, not less than $50,000, as the
annual rental; that shall be the minimum of
the amount to be fixed by the commissioners.
The second proposition is that the act shall
not take effect until the railroad company
shall have repaid to the Treasury the interest
on the bonds issued for the benefit of the com-
pany, and now remaining unpaid.
Mr. SARGENT. You might include also
the national debt.
Mr. WHEELER. Let the amendments,
which the gentleman desires to have admitted,
be reported.
The Clerk read as follows :
In the twenty-third line of the first section,
after the words "shall be deemed just and equit-
able," insert the words "not less than $50,000 as the
annual rental."
Add to the first section of the bill these words:
" but no provision of this act shall take effect until
the said Central Pacific Railroad Company shall
have paid into the Treasury of the United States
the sums paid by the United States as interest on
the bonds is sued by the United States for the bene-
fit of said company, and now remaining unpaid,
namely, the sum of $5,039,21-3."
Mr. WHEELER. I understand the propo-
sition to be tnat if these amendments are ad-
mitted to be voted upon by the House, the
House will then without further delay proceed
to dispose of the bill. I understand also that
these amendments are offered to the substitute
which I have introduced.
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. WHEELER. Withthatunderstanding,
I accept the proposition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires that
any understanding which may be come to shall
be clear and precise. The Chair understands
that if those amendments are admitted to be
voted on, no further dilatory motions shall be
entertained.
Mr. HOLMAN. That is the understanding.
Mr. RANDALL. I presume that by a dila-
tory motion would not he understood a vote
on the final passage of the bill. i
Mr. HOLMAN. Of course we shall want |
to have a vote on the bill. i
The SPEAKER. Any motion on questions
touching the bill is not a dilatory motion.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the first section
of the bill be now reported, that the House
may see the connection in which it is proposed
that the first amendment I offer shall come in.
Mr. WHEELER. T wish it distinctly un-
derstood that these amendments are to the
substitute offered by me, and also that I merely
admit them for the purpose of being voted upon
by the House.
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes, sir.
Mr. WHEELER. With the hope and ex-
pectation on my part, and on the part of the
friends of the bill in the committee, that both
amendments will be voted down.
Mr. HOLMAN. And on the other hand,
it is understood that the substitute is offered
in good faith, with the intention of its being
substituted for the original bill.
Mr. SARGENT. Certainly.
Mr. HOLMAN. Of course we would want
our amendments voted on if the substitute
should be voted down, and action should be
taken on the original bill.
Mr. WHEELER. My desire is to have the
substitute adopted by the House.
Mr. BANKS. I desire to have it distinctly
understood whether this agreement is to be
limited to the action of the House on the sub-
stitute.
The SPEAKER. The previous question is
operating, and will not be exhausted until the
whole business is finished.
Mr. BANKS. These amendments are to-be
applied to the substitute. If the frietids or
the opponents of the bill defeat the substitute,
then the question comes upon the original
bill; and according to this agreement the*
opponents to the original bill are bound to
offer no resistance whatever, except a nega-
tive vote.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. That is not the
understanding.
Mr. HOLMAN. The statement was, that
the substitute was offered in good faith; and
the understanding was that if the substitute
should be voted down, then these amend-
ments may be offered to the original bill.
Mr. SARGENT. The substitute is offered
to suit, the gentlemen acting with the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] and I
understand that, it is more acceptable to them
thau the original bill. They have it in their
own hands to have the question decided on
the substitute.
Mr. HOLMAN. If the substitute should
not be adopted, we reserve the right to offer
these amendments to the original bill.
Mr. BANKS. I call the attention of the
House again to the fact that if the substitute
should be defeated by any chance, the House
by this agreement, according to the interpret-
ation of the Chair, which seems to be just, is
bound to make no further opposition to the
passage of the bill.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. That is not the
understanding on this side of the House.
Mr. BANKS. Then the matter ought to be
more fully understood.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
parliamentary condition of the question. The
bill which was reconsidered was House bill
No. 155-3. It is the bill which was before the
House some time since and was recommitted
to the committee on the 12th of March. There
was pending to that bill as an amendment the
following proviso :
Provided, That said railroad company shall pay
into the Treasury of the United States annually the
sum of $500,000 for the use of the said half of said
island, as provided in this act.
The previous question, if sustained, will first
operate on that amendment to the original bill,
because the original bill must be perfected
before the substitute ean be reached. The
original bill having been perfected, the ques-
tion will then come up on the substitute, and
the first question upon the substitute will be
upon the first of the two amendments offered
by the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holman. ]
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to say that the first
amendment requires two or three slight changes
in its phraseology, which I hope willbe allowed
to be made. They do not alter at all the sense
of the amendment.
The SPEAKER. That will be understood,
of course.
Mr. WHEELER. I suppose it is under-
stood all around that, the amendments are
offered to the substitute.
The SPEAKER. They are; but dilatory
motions having been withdrawn and the pre-
vious question operating, it operates first upon
the original bill and the amendment thereto.
The Clerk read the amendment to the
original bill, as follows:
Proci'l'^'L That said railroad company shall pay
into the Treasury ol the United States annually the
sum of $o0O,O0O for the use of the said half of said
island, as provided in this act.
The question was put on the amendment;
and there were—ayes 64. noes 70.
Mr. BEATTY. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and navs were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yoas 84, nays 94, not voting
62 ; as follows ■-
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Banks. Beatty. Bell. Bigby, Biggs, Bird,
James G. Blair, Braxton. Bright, BuSmton, Bureh-
ard, Benjamin F. Butler, Coburn, Comingo, Cot-
ton, Cox. Crossland, Davis. Donnan, Du Bose,
Eames, Finkelnburg, Forker, Henry D. Foster,
Griffith. Hakleman. Hambleton, Haneock, Handley,
Hanks, Havens, Hay. Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard,
