1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3633
mind of the gehtleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck.] There are provisions that these lands
shall not be surveyed without the consent of
the Indians. We provide that the survey shall
not Lake place without their solemn assent,
expressed in open council in the usual manner.
Another amendment is in reference to an
appropriation of $ 10,000 for subsistence and
clothing for the Indians located in Uintah
valley reservation, in Utah. The object of the
appropriation is expressed in this way, because
the language heretofore used in appropriation
bills for this object has been too indefinite.
Instead of that which was put in several years
ago for their removal we provide that the an-
nual appropriation shall be expended for the
subsistence and clothing of the Indians, and
not for their removal, which long since was
accomplished.
Now a word in reference to the amendment
in relation to the southern Oheyennps and
Arapahoes for the relinquishment of their
claim to (he land ceded to them by the second
article of the treaty of October 28, 1867, out
of the cession made by the Cherokees. The
Cherokees made a treaty with the Government
on July 19, 1866, that the Government might
put friendly Indians on certain lands west of
the ninety-sixth meridian, the Government pay-
ing them the value of the land. It ceded a por-
tion of the lands to the northern Cheyennes
and the Arapahoes. But these Indians never
■would go on those lands, but have gone on
lands in the Indian territory, which they are
now occupying under sanction of an Executive
Order.
Now, these lands thus ceded by the Cher-
okees may be used for other friendly Indians.
They are now probably of slight value, say fifty
cents an acre. There is a provision in the
treaty that the President may fix their price,
on appraisement or otherwise. The Senate
have put an amendment that the appraisement
should be made during the coming year so that
the lands may be appraised while the price is
low, as they may in a few years be worth two
or three dollars an aere. But the Cheyennes
and Arapahoes have a shadowy claim by rea-
son of the old treaty. We provide that the
Secretary of the Interior shall negotiate with
them to relinquish that claim on condition of
a permanent provision for them on the lands
they now occupy.
These are the principal amendments, those
which are of importance, and I believe they
are in the interest of humanity and economy.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a few moments?
Mr. SARGENT. I will yield to the gen-
tleman for a moment, although I do not wish
to occupy much time, as I am interfering with
the reports of the Committee of Claims.
Mr. BECK. 1 just want three minutes to
enter my protest against some of these amend-
ments. What is the amount of money appro-
priated by this bill?
Mr. SARGENT. It is about sixty-five hun-
dred thousand dollars. It is a little iess than
when the bill went from the House.
Mr. BECK. We never appropriated more
than §2,000,000 for the Indian service up to
that time. In 1868 treaties were made with
various Indian tribes which we have been en-
deavoring to get rid of by every means in our
power but have failed to do it after all sorts
of efforts, and after we had gone so far as to
put in the hands of the President $2,000,000
in order to keep the peace in our struggle to
get rid of those treaties. I desire merely to
say now, for I have no idea of defeating this
bill, that I would have opposed the bill when
it was before the House but for the fact that
it would have been regarded as factious in
view of the presidential election, and when
perhaps we might have been threatened with
war by resisting these immense and improper
appropiiations, but I thought that we had
them guarded by requiring the peace commis-
sion, so called, to examine air the vouchers be-
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—-No. 228.
fore any of them were paid, and to stop the
stealing which has become so prevalent in the
Indian department. The Committee on Ap-
propriations of the House saw fit to repeal that
law, making it no longer any part of the duties
of the commission to examine these papers,
and in fact giving them no authority to do it;
so that the Senate, after years aud years of
struggling to keep up their own appointees,
many of whom are their kinsmen and friends,
who get to be Indian agents with a salary of
$1,500 a year and come back at the end of
the year with twenty-five or fifty thousand
dollars—the Senate I say has managed again
to make the House surrender its rights and
privileges, and give them unlicensed control
over the whole Indian management, and to-
day we are again at the mercy of the old
system which is controlled by the friends and
retainers of gentlemen at the other end of
the Capitol. We are now spending $7,000,-
000 a year to keep up treaties which every
man who understands them will at once
denounce as being mere schemes and jobs
to enrich the friends of men at the other end
of the Capitol.
I had the honor on the last day of the last
session to offer a resolution by which the House
almost unanimously declared the power and
right of the House to withhold appropriations
for treaties wheuever they were wrong ; and
while prudential considerations have preven ted
me from pressing the question of Indian trea-
ties this session, I want to give notice to the
House that when the presidential election is
over, and it can no longer come up as a party
measure, if I am here when the next Indian
bill comes up I will show the frauds that have
been developed by the Indian treaties, and
that millions and millions have been squan-
dered and stolen.
And I will show that the House, in repeal-
ing the law which we passed last year, thereby
again putting all this power into the hands of
these Indian agents, and withdrawing it from
the peace commissioners, who were acting as
a check upon these agents, have allowed the
Senate, and the men they appoint, and the
thieves who are managing this thing, to absorb
more than half of the $7,000,000 that is voted
out of the pockets of the people under the pre-
tense of supporting Indian tribes. That is ali
1 desire to say now.
Mr. SARGENT. As I am interjecting this
conference report in between reports from
the Committee of Claims, to whom this day
was exclusively assigned by order of the
House, 1 feel somewhat pressed for time.
But I would like to say to the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] and I think it
ray duty to say, that since the time that this
Government was in the habit of appropriating
from two to three million dollars a year for the
conduct of Indian affairs we have extended
our settlements and our railroads and our
contact with the Indian tribes all over the
territory which at that time was scarcely
trodden by the feet of white men. That has
necessarily brought greater expenses upon the
Government. There has been a necessity for
some terms being made with the Indian tribes,
entailing large expenses, sometimes entailing
war. Why, sir, in the days to which the gen-
tleman refers we were not brought in contact
with the wild Sioux, the Cheyennes, the Ara-
pahoes, and all the other wild tribes of the
plains and the mountains. They were roving
masters ot'vast territories of the United States
nominally under the control of the Govern-
ment, but really scarcely ever seen by a white
man.
Since that time, by the progress of civil-
ization, we have been brought in contact with
those Indians, and it is not strange that the
appropriations of the Government for the In-
dian service are larger now than they formerly
were. Another thing: the gentleman sajs that
by this bill—and, by the way, the portion to
which his remarks have been addressed was
not a point of disagreement between the two
Houses, and therefore his speech was not ger-
mane to this report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on this bill—the gentleman says that we
have repealed the duties imposed by Congress
upon the Indian commission, and thrown this
whole system open to the former fraudulent
practices. Sir, I must say that my friend is
greatly mistaken upon that point. We have
said that this examination of accounts by the
Indian commission should not be a prerequisite
to payment; that is all.
The duties of the Indian commission are
numerous and varied. Under this bill, and
under our former legislation, not disturbed by
this bill, they are required to be present at all
purchases of Indian supplies, to supervise the
making of contracts and expenditures under
them, to inspect the articles furnished under
the contracts, to superintend the transporta-
tion, to see that the very articles contracted
for are delivered to us and by us delivered to
the Indian tribes. Under the old system which
existed when the gentleman's party was in
power, and which we have broken up under
this Administration—wider that old system of
buying loosely or not with sufficient care, of
allowing goods not equal to the samples to be
sent to the Indian tribes, and with all the other
frauds that existed in the administration of
Indian affairs, such things as the gentleman
has referred to were done. But that has now
been all broken up. This power of preexam-
ining the accounts has not been wrested from
the Indian commissioners; it was voluntarily
surrendered by them.
Mr. BECK. The gentleman made that
statement on a former occasion. Since then
I have been told by the secretary of the Indian
commission that ihey insisted upon their right
to examine these accounts, but that a pro-
vision was passed repealing their power to do
so, aud in that the Senate obtained an advan-
tage over the House.
Mr. SARGENT. If the secretary of the
Indian peace commission has said anything of
the kind, I pronounce his statement to be the
exact reverse of what he said to me. I say
that he himself drew my attention to this
provision, that the action taken upon it should
be such as I recommended. I so recommended
because he represented the Indian peace com-
mission, and I had confidence in their pur-
poses and judgment. He asked me if the
Seuate provision would save the commission
from the labor of examining the accounts. I
told him no, and if the commission did not
want to do it they could resign. Whatever
impression he intended to convey, I state the
one he did convey to me.
Mr. BECK. Allow me to set myself right.
Mr. SARGENT. I do not deny that he
told the gentleman so, but I simply say I
understood him exactly the opposite.
Mr. BECK. Why did the gentleman repeal
the law we passed last year which he and I
prepared with so much care, and which, after
our investigation, wc thought necessary to pro-
tect the Government ; or why did he allow
the Senate to repeal it, thereby enabling.those
thieves we had turned out to be put back ?
Mr. SARGENT. I was coming to that. We
have not repealed the law except to this ex-
tent, that it is not a prerequisite to payment;
but the examination of these accounts is re-
quired under the law. Prom the provision to
which the gentleman refers this inconvenience
resulted in practice: itwas fouud thatcreditors
of the Government, men who had made fair
and square contracts ia black and-white and
had faithfully lived up to them, could not get
their money because their accounts could not
be paid by the Department until after weeks
of delay for examination by the commission.
In consequence of the delay resulting in that
way, the Government was compelled to pay
higher prices to compensate for the delay and
uncertainty which that requirement of law
