1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
49
to the public. The ease referred to by the
Senator from New York is one, I think, that
surprised us all. The gentleman appointed to
the place of paymaster was the son of a former
Assistant Secretary of the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States. He was a gentleman of character
and standing among all those who knew him.
There is another thing about that case which
has surprised mo. During the war the pay
department of the Army paid to the almost
innumerable number of men we put into the
field more than a thousand million dollars.
This money was paid under adverse circum-
stances, even paid to men when on the march,
when under fire, sometimes in the night, in all
the conditions our Army was placed ; and dur-
ing this war less than half a million dollars
was lost—the merest pittance compared with
the enormous amount paid out. In the war
of 1812, when we paid out $30,000,000 to
our soldiers, we lost nearly two million dol-
lars ; and in the Mexican war we lost two or
three times more than we lost in paying out
this $1,000,000,000. It is one of the most ex-
traordinary things in the history of the world,
and I think there is nothing parallel to it.
Now, this case was the case of a man trusted,
perhaps, more than any paymaster in the ser-
vice. No man understood everything about
it better than he; and perhaps it .was because
he was so trusted that he was enabled to do
this work. I should like to ferret out and
understand how it was done, and see if we may
not so legislate as to prevent anything of the
kind in the future ; and if the laws are all right
and somebody neglected his duty, let us know
who it was; let us know whether it was in the
War Department, in the pay department, or
in the Treasury Department. It can do no
harm to make the most thorough and search-
ing investigation into all departments of the
Government, and to put every security before
the country, for it is one of the most painful
things in our country that evidences of cor-
ruption and peculation and defalcation in pub-
lic life and in private life are coming to light
almost every day.
Therefore, sir, I am in favor of having such
a committee, a joint committee; and I trust
there will be put upon it gentlemen who are
so situated here in regard to other committees
that they can devote their time to it, and that
everything will be done to correct and extirpate,
if possible, these corrupt practices that are
bringing reproach upon the Government of the
United States, as they have brought reproach
upon State and municipal governments. I
think if there is anything required to be done
for the morals of the country, for the good
of the country, it is that we shall take every
security in our power and be watchful all the
time to prevent such things as are happening
about us.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, if God
had endowed all men with universal knowl-
edge, perhaps this universal committee might
be of advantage; but He has not so created
man, and we learn by study, by experience,
by investigation.
Now, sir, we have in this body a commit-
tee upon every conceivable important subject.
There is my honorable friend from Ohio, chair-
man of the Committee on Finance. It is his
business and the business of his committee
to investigate everything connected with the
finances of the country. I am disposed to send
this matter to the Committee on Finance, and
if there is any defalcation or trouble in the
War Department I propose to send it to my
honorable friend from Massachusetts and his
committee, in which I have the most unbounded
confidence ; and if there is any defalcation or
fraud connected with the commercial relations
of this country I expect to devote my best
time and talent to the investigation and ex-
posure of such frauds and _ peculations. If
anything occurs in the Judiciary, I expect my
honorable friend from Illinois to give it his
best efforts to probe, correct, and expose.
42d Cong, 2d Sess.—No. 4.
But, sir,_ what does the honorable Senator
from Ulinoi s propose ? He proposes a retrench-
ment committee; in other words, a committee
with universal knowledge. They are to know
all about the judiciary system, all about the
financial system, all about the commercial sys-
tem, all about our foreign relations; they are
to be men of universal genius and universal
knowledge. Well, sir, God has not made such
men; they do not exist; at least, if they do,
they have never come under my observation—
they are not usually sent to the Senate of the
United States. [Laughter.]
I am in favor of referring all matters con-
nected with any of the Departments of this
Government to the committees appointed to
investigate, and thoroughly investigate, every-
thing connected with that particular Depart-
ment ; and if other committees are kept as
busy as the Committee on Commerce, they
will have as much as they can do, and this
committee of universal geniuses will not be
reappointed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, is this
subject open to debate at this time? If it is,
I should like to say a word.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. As-
thony.) It is not properly open to debate,
but the Chair has not interfered, as there
seemed to be general consent.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope wc shall vote to
take up the resolution, and then I should like
to make a few observations.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is indisposed to interfere with the latitude of
debate. The pending question is on the mo-
tion to postpone the present and all prior
orders for the purpose of taking up the resolu-
tion submitted by the Senator from New York.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will not be
taken up until we pass on the other question.
Mr. SUMNER. I would venture to make
one remark. It seems to me that the Senate
now cannot afford to adopt a limited and fee-
ble proposition when there is a strong and
broad proposition pending. In other words,
it cannot afford to take a mere speeific inquiry
as against a broad inquiry into the whole field.
Now the statements made to-day by various
Senators, the Senator from Illinois, the Sen-
ator from Michigan, and my colleague, all
point in one direction, that there is abuse,
that there is peculation, not merely in New
York, where ail indignant people has at last
risen and summoned judgment, but elsewhere;
and, as I understand, the Senator from Illinois
moves a proposition which looks to a broad
inquiry covering all, and he is encountered
how ? By a proposition for a specific inquiry
into one case.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator to
allow me to interrupt him for a moment.
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. He misunderstands the
facts, and does me great injustice. On the
very first day of this session, before the Sen-
ator from Illinois or anybody else indicated any
proposition on this subject, I ventured to offer
this resolution asking for a prompt inquiry
into the case of Paymaster Hodge. That I
ask now. Therefore I hope the Senator will
not say that I have offered this to encounter,
as he expresses it, any other proposition.
My friend from Massachusetts may have sup-
posed, and doubtless did, that I moved this
for the first time to-day.
Mr. SUMNER.' No.
_Mr. CONKLING. I rose to correct that
misapprehension.
Mr. SUMNER. I noticed the motion of
the Senator on the first day of the session, and
sympathized with it; but he will pardon me if
I do not sympathize with it now. and for the
simple reason that there is a broader proposi-
tion which has found its way to the Senate
since the minor proposition of the Senator
from New York. I accord all honor to the
Senator from New York for introducing his
proposition when he did, on the first day of
the session. It was in theright direction. The
Senator must see now that it does not go far
enough. He proposes to deal with an individual
case when we must deal with the whole field;
and now the Senator from Illinois proposes to
deal with the whole field. He asks you to take
up his proposition to create a committee which
shall inquire into all cases, including the case
of the paymaster, Hodge, and the cases that
have recently occurredinthe Treasury Depart-
ment, and I know not how many others else-
where ; and he is encountered—do I not use
language correctly?—he is encountered by the
proposition of the Senator from New York to
take up his resolution for a specific inquiry.
Mr. CONKLING. The error of the Sen-
ator, if he will allow me to interrupt him, is
that the motion of the Senator from Illinois is
not before the Senate at all. Therefore, it
cannot have been encountered. I move to
take up this proposition, and the Senator from
Illinois objects to that. That is the form of
the motion. I do not see, therefore, how the
Senator from Massachusetts can repeat that I
am encountering the proposition of the Senator
from Illinois, which is not before the Senate
at all.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well; I hope the Sen-
ator will believe that I cannot do him injustice.
I certainly was not conscious of it. He will,
therefore, pardon me if I say that his objection
is a technical one. The Senator from Illinois
has lying before him on the table—I see it
there now—his proposition for the committee;
he has announced his desire to press it to a
vote to-day; and he is encountered by the Sen-
ator from New York, who wishes to press his
minor proposition to a vote also. Now, I do
not do that Senator injustice. I put aside the
technicality of the question, whether the Sen-
ator from New York got the floor first or last;
whether he made his motion first, or the Sen-
ator ft om Illinois his. That is a matter of entire
indifference. The two propositions are before
the Senate at this moment, and the point is,
which of the two to choose. The Senator from
New York says, "Choose my proposition, and
satisfy your conscience, perhaps at least for
to-day, by an inquiry into the case of Mr.
Hodge." The Senator from Illinois, I submit
better advised, says, "Take my proposition,
and make an inquiry into all such cases; not
merely into the case of Mr. Hodge, but into
every case of which wo have any knowledge or
which future inquiry may disclose."
I submit, sir, that there cannot be any ques-
tion as to the duty of the Senate. I submit
that the echoes from New York ought to re-
sound in this Chamber. We, too, shouldshow
a certain sensibility where the public faith is
in question, where our officers are changed
into peculators. Now, I would not exaggerate
the case; I do not mean to throw any sus-
picion in any quarter beyond the facts abso-
lutely before the Senate: but I do say that
enough has occurred to put us on our guard
and stimulate us in the path of duty. There-
fore, I submit again that the proposition of
the Senator from New York is inadequate to
the occasion. It does not meet the case. I
will not say it is an evasion. I do not mean
to suggest that the Senator intended any suc-h
purpose; but I do say that its practical effect,
if adopted, would be an evasion, at least for
to-day, of the duty of the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I rise only to make an
inquiry. Suppose we take up the resolution
of the Senator from New York, cannot the
Senator from Illinois then move to strike out
all after the word "resolved," and insert his
resolution by way of amendment ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose not; that is
the very difficulty. Otherwise I should be in
favor of taking up the resolution of the Sen-
ator from New York.
Mr. THURMAN. Why not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. My resolution is aeon-
current resolution to raise a joint select com-
mittee to inquire, not into one defalcation, but
