1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
945
Also, the petition of Captain John Welsh,
of Tennessee, praying relief.
By Mr. DA VIS: The petition of Augustas
Pollack and others, of Wheeling, West Vir-
ginia, praying a reduction of the tax on stogie
cigars.
By Mr. ELDRIDGrE: The petition of C.
B. Dodge and 104 others, citizens of the State
of Wisconsin, protesting against the amend-
ment of the Federal Constitution by incorpor-
ating in it a "recognition of God g,s the source
of all authority and power in civil government,
and of the Lord Jesus Christ as the Ruler
among the nations, and His revealed will as
of supreme authority."
Also, the memorial of E. B. Bolens, esq.,
of Juneau, in the county of Dodge in the
State of Wisconsin, for the passage of an act
that persons known as dealers in newspapers
and periodicals may receive by mail such quan-
tities as they may require in bull::, whether
wholly or in part printed, and pay the postage
thereon as received at the same rates pro rata
as regular subscribers to publications^weigh-
ing four ounces, who pay quarterly in advance.
By Mr. FORKER: Resolutions of the New
Jersey Legislature, requesting Congress to
pass a law authorizing the purchase of the
Hall of Independence and the square of ground
on which it stands in the city of Philadelphia,
to be dedicated to the Republic of the United
States, and consecrated to the perpetuation of
constitutional liberty and independence.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of New
Jersey, requesting an appropriation for the
removal of obstructions to navigation in the
Delaware river.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of New
Jersey, requesting an appropriation for the
purchase of a lot and the erection thereon of
a suitable public building at Trenton, New
J ersey, for the proper accommodation of the
post office, assessors, pension agency, and the
United Siat.es district and circuit courts.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan: The peti-
tion of E. O. Shou, publisher, for an amend-
ment to the postage laws.
. By Mr. HALE : The remonstrance of Chase,
Barker & Co., and citizens of Castine, Maine,
against any change in the bounds of the Pas-
samaquoddy customs district-
Also, the remonstrance of E. A. Barnard
and others, to the same effect.
By Mr. IIAY: The petition of Charles L.
Spencer, praying an amendment of the one hun-
dred and sixty-second section of the revised
codification of the postal laws.
Bv Mr. HIBBARD: The petition of J. II.
Ela," that the Secretary of the Interior may be
authorized to settle an account.
By Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts: The
petition of H. H. Hunnewell and others, to
reduce or repeal the duties on ornamental
trees, shrubs, plants, and seeds imported from
abroad.
By Mr. KELLEY: The petition ef Made-
leine Victor Dahlgren, widow of the late Rear
Admiral Dahlgren, for compensation for^the
adoption and use by the United States Navy
of certain inventions of Rear Admiral Dahl-
gren relating to ordnance.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of John S.
Emery & Co., asking an American register for
the bark Alice Tarlton.
Also, the petition of Philander Tolmareand
others, asking an amendment of the laws regu-
lating appointments and removals from public
offices.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of
Chili TV". Hazzard, of Monongahela City, Penn-
sylvania, praying that section one hundred and
eixty-two of the revised codification of the
postal laws may be amended.
By Mr. MONROE: The petition of C. M.
Kenton, of Shreve, Wayne county, Ohio, pray-
ing an amendment to the postal laws.
By Mr. PECK: The petition of William E.
Osborne, asking for an amendment of the
postal laws.
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 60.
By Mr. PLATT : The petition of Margaret
Coleman, for compensation as nurse.
By Mr. POLAND : The petition of E. and
T. Fairbank, & Co. and many others, citizens
of Vermont, praying that the laws be amended
as to, first, appointments and removals from
office; second, salaries, perquisites, and moie-
ties ; third, seizures of private books and
papers.
By Mr. RANDALL: The petition of Mary-
Anna Shultz, widow of George W. Shultz, who
died of yellow fever at Key West, Florida,
while in the naval service, asking a pension.
By Mr. RICE, of Illinois: The petition of
W. A. Trower, publisher of the Shelby County
Leader, of Shelbyville, Illinois, for a change
in the postal laws.
Also, the petition of Charles L. Bangs and
Emma T. Bangs, publishers of the News Let-
ter, of Hillsborough, Illinois, for a change in
the postal laws.
By Mr. E. H. ROBERTS: The petition of
type-founders, against the reduction of the
tariff on printing types.
By Mr. SUTHERLAND : Sundry petitions
from Ontonagon, Michigan, and other places,
asking that a liberal appropriation be made
for the improvement of the harbor at the
mouth of Ontonagon river and Lake Supe-
rior, Michigan.
By Mr. WAKEMAN : The petition of Fin-
ley \Y. Munson a soldier in the war of 1861,
for bounty, &c.
By Mr. WALLACE: Thepetition of James
Adger & Co. and a large number of mer-
chants of the city of Charleston, South Caro-
lina, in regard to appointments to public office,
emoluments of public offices, and seizure of
private papers by Government officers.
By Mr. WHITTHORNE: Thepetition of
R. P. Summers for pay due him as mail con-
tractor in 1861.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio: The petition
of Joseph Stafford and 43 others, citizens ot
Gallia county, Ohio, and workers in iron,
farmers, &c., praying the repeal of all duties
on tea and coffee, and for such an adjust-
ment of the tariff laws as will encourage and
defend every home industry and foster the
interests of American labor.
By Mr. YOUNG: The memorial of the
mayor and citizens of Atlanta, Georgia, for
an appropriation forpublicbuildings, and also
a proposed plan for said building*.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, February 10, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Mr.
Beatty in the chair as Speaker pro tempore.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D.D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
order 01' business.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By order of
the House the session of to-day is for general
debate only in the House as in Committee of
the Whole, no business whatever to^be trans-
acted. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Wilson] is entitled to the floor.
Indiana's claim on two pkr cknt. fund.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, on
the 22d of January last the following memorial
of the Governors of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois
was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary:
State op Illinois. Executive Department,
springfikld, Junuat y 4,
Senator* and Representatives in Congress:
Wo respectfully request your favorable considera-
tion of the claims of Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois to
two fifths of the five per cent, received into the
national Treasury from the proceeds of the public
lands sold in said States respectively, being a part
of the five per cent, granted to them in their en-
abling acts, and for all of which the States rendered
a large equivalent in refraining from taxing said
lands for five years after they were disposed 01 to
individuals. In making this request we cannot
doubt it will receive, as it deserves, your approval.
Certainly no good reason can be assigned why the
claims should not be allowed and paid by the Gov-
ernment of the United States to these States. To
withhold payment wouldbe to discriminate unjustly
againstourown States, and this, we earnestly msi&t,
would be a great wrong. We do not propose, how-
ever, to reargue the question, for that would be a
work of supererogation. Let it suffice to say that
we hold it to be a legal axiom that tho act of March
3,1857, entitled "An act to settle certain accounts
between the United States and the State of Missis-
sippi and other States/' commands the statement,
allowance* and payment of what has not been paid
of these accounts, without abatement or discount,
and we ask you shall declare that to bo the truo
construction of said act, to the ond that it may be
respected and executed. It is difficult to understand
how any doubts should ever have been expressed as
to the correct meaning of the legislation, and to you
we appeal, in behalf of our respective States, for
that justice to whiuh they are clearly entitled.
Believing you will promptly render it, and thus
place the States in which public lands were located
on an approximate equality at least, and respect the
obligations of the United States to the States of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois, we subscribe ourselves, yours,
most respectfully,
JOIIK M. PALMER,.
(rooernor of Illinois.
c03rad baker.
Governor of Indiana 
11. B. HAYES,
Governor of Ohio,
And on the same day a joint resolution was
referred to the same committee, which is now-
brought to the attention of the House, the
intention of which is to declare the true con-
struction of the act approved March 3, 1857,
referred to in this memorial. It is as follows:
Joint resolution declaring the true construction of a
statute.
Be it resolved hy the Senate and House of Repre-
sentative# of the United States of America in CongresH
assembled, That the true intent and meaning of the
second section of the act approved March S, 1857.
entitled "An act to settle certain accounts between
tho United States and the State of Mississippi and
other States," is that all the other States, to wit.
Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, which have not received
the full amount of their five per cent, of the net
proceeds of the sale of public lands lying within
their respective limits, as mentioned in their several
enabling acts, in money, shall have their account**
stated, both on the public lands and reservations,
and such cash balance as has not been paid to said
States allowed and paid.
Before reading the act to be construed by
this resolution, the attention of the House in
asked to certain legislative acts out of which
the claims in question and others of precisely
similar character arose.
On the 80th of April, 1802, (2 Statutes-at-
Large, p. 173; 2 Brightley's Digest, p. 707,)
Congress passed the act for the admission
of Ohio into the Union. The portion of tha^
act material to the matter under consider-
ation is as follows:
"3. That the following propositions be, and the
same aro oftered to the convention of the eastern
State of said Territory, when formed, for their free
I acceptance or rejection, which, if accepted by the
convention, shall be obligatory upon the United
States:" A * * * *
"Third, That one twentieth part of the net pro-
ceeds of the lands lying within the said State sold by
Congress from and after the 30th day of June next,
after deducting all expenses incident to the same,
shall be applied to the laying out and making public
roads leading from the navigable waters emptying
into tho Atlantic, to the Ohio, to the said State, and
through the same, such roads to be laid out under
the authority of Congress, with the consent of tho
several States through which the road shall pass:
Provided That the three foregoing propo-
sitions herein offered are on the condition that the
convention of the said State shall provide, by an
ordinance, irrevocable without the consent of the
United States, that every and each tract ot land sold
by Congress, from and after the 30th day of June next,
shall be ana remain exempt from any tax laid by
order or under authority of the State, whether by
State, county, or township, or any other purpose
whatever, for the term of live years from and after
the day of sale."
By the second section of the act of March 3.
1803, provision was made for paying three per
cent, of the proceeds of these lands to the
State of Ohio, to be applied exclusively in the
construction, &c., of roads within the Slate.
(See 2 Statutes, |>. 220.)
On the 19th of April, 1816, (see 3 Statutes,
j p,289 ; 1 Brightley's Digest?l>. 41JJ,) the act was
! passed to enable Indiana to become a State,
i! The provisions of that act material totheques-
:! tion being considered are as follows ;
'j " 3. That the following propositions be, and tho
I same are hereby, offered to the convention ot the
i *aid Territory of Indiana, when formed, for their
