mu
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB#.
May 18,
occasioned to honest contractors who could not
afford to wait so long for their pay. It was
on account of this inconvenience, and as I un-
derstand with the concurrence of the Indian
peace commission, whose great and benefi-
cent duties are continued, that the law was
changed so that the examination of the ac-
counts is no longer a prerequisite to payment.
Mr. NIBLACK rose. '
Mr. SARGENT. Gentlemen interested in ■
the business of the Committee of Claims insist
that I must close this matter up, and I have
the strongest desire to do so. I will, how-
ever, yield to the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. niblack] for an inquiry, and then I
shall call the previous question.
Mr. NIBLACK. Since the question of the
expense of supporting the Indians and deal-
ing with them is now before the House, I
would like very much to hear from the gen-
tleman from California [Mr. Sargent] a state-
ment of his estimate of the number of Indians
now in the United States of whom the Gov-
ernment has charge. I think the number i?
greatly overestimated.
Mr. SARGENT. I think the number of
Indians of whom the Government has charge,
outside of Alaska, is about one hundred and
ninety thousand. That is the outside limit.
Mr. NIBLACK. It is usually estimated at
three hundred thousand.
Mr. SARGENT. That estimate is an ex-
aggeration.
Mr. NIBLACK. My own belief has been
that the number does not exceed one hundred
and fifty thousand; but the gentleman is better
informed than I am.
Mr. SARGENT. I now demand the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the report of the committee
of conference was adopted.
Mr. SARGENT moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william nixon.
Mr. STRONG, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back, with a recommendation
that it pass, the bill (S No. 518) for the relief
of William Nixon, of West Virginia.
The bill, which was read, directs and re-
quires the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
William Nixon, of West Virginia, out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro
prialed, $570 08, the amount found due Nix-
on on the 12th of January, 1806, for carrying
the mails prior to that time, under contract
-with the Post Office Department, but which
was not called for by him until the balance of
the fund for the payment of such claims was
covered into I he Treasury in pursuance of law
in that regard made and provided.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STRONG moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table;
The latter motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mf. STRONG also, from the same commit-
tee, reported adversely in the ioliowing cases;
which were laid on the table:
The memorial of William Wood, of Boston,
Massachusetts, praying compensation forfalse
imprisonment by the Government in 1S61;
A bill (H. R. No. 1594} for the relief of
Mary Barlow; and
A bill (fl. li. No. 1404) for the relief of the
Hamilton Woolen Company, of Souihbridge,
Massachusetts.
Mr. BANKS. _ I ask the gentleman from
Connecticut to withdraw the memorial of Wil-
liam Wood for the present.
Mr. STRONG. If there be rjo objection I
will withdraw the report in the case of William
Wood and let his memorial stand recommitted
to the Committee of Claims.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly.
charles richards.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2802) for
the relief of Charles Richards; which was read
a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed, to pay out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated, to Charles Richards the sum of $180,
that being the amount paid by him for forage
taken for the use of the second division of the
second Army corps, in the month of Decem-
ber, 1863, in the State of Georgia, and for
which the usual voucher was<not issued at the
time through the military officer.
Mr. BUCKLEY demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the oper-
ation thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. BUCKLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sam0kl s. potter.
Mr. BUCKLEY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported a bill (H. Ii. No. 2803) for the
relief of Samuel S. Potter, which was read a
first and second time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury be, and is hereby,
authorized and directed to pay to Samuel S.
Potter, out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, the sum of $2,000, the
same being in lull of all claims against the
Government for expenses incurred by Samuel
S. Potter by reason of the seizure of his semi-
nary building by J. T. Hod, medical director of
the district of Kentucky, for hospital purposes.
Mr. BUCKLEY demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed
Mr. BUCKLEY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion, to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order of business.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, it
is evident the Committee of Claims cannot get
through with their business to-night, and I
therefore ask unanimous consent that Thurs-
day eveuing of nest week be set apart for the
reception of business from that committee.
Mr. SCOFIELD. We want Thursday next
for reports from the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I will say Fri-
day evening next, then.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. We want
an evening session for the Committee on the
Revision of the Laws.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
Friday next will be set down for reports from
the Committee of Claims.
Mr. RANDALL objected, but subsequently
withdrew his objection.
Mr. STEVENSON. I object. Two even-
ings were set down for reports from the Com-
mittee on the Public Lands, and then the
House by adjournment took away from that
committee one of those evenings.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. Is there an even-
ing session arranged for Wednesday evening
next?
The SPEAKER. Yes, for the Committee
on Mines and Mining.
Mr. STEVENSON. I withdraw my object
tion.
There being no further objection, the ses-
sion of Friday evening of next week was set
apart for the reception of reports froip the
Committee of Claims.
c. o. shepard.
On motion of Mr. BANKS, by unanimous
consent, a bill (S. No. 851) to empower C. O.
Shepard chargfe d'affaires at Japan, to draw
his salary as such officer, was taken from the
Speaker's table, read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
new german "mark."
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a letter from the Secretary of State in-
closing translation of a note from Mr. Schlozer,
German minister, in relation to the rate of
exchange in the United States of the new
German "mark;" which was referred to the
Committee oh Coinage, Weights, and Meas-
ures, and ordered to be printed.
committee on naval affairs.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
that Thursday evening of next week be as-
signed to business of the Committee on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
Mr. SCOFIELD. We have had no oppor-
tunity to report during this session. I hope
my colleague will withdraw his objection.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not withdraw it.
shipping commissioners.
Mr. CONGER. Iask that by unanimous con-
sent the bill.(H. R. No. 2044) to authorize the
appointment of shipping commissioners by the
several circuit courts of the United States, tq
superintend the shipping and discharge of
seamen in merchant ships belonging to the
United States, and for the further protection
of seamen, returned from the Senate with
amendments, be taken from the Speaker's
table; that the amendments of the Senate be
non-concurred in, and that the House ask for
a committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses.
Mr. BROOKS. I should like to see that
bill, with the amendments of the Senate,
printed.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
the bill, with Senate amendments, will be or-
dered to be printed, and loft on the Speaker's
table, subject to the order of the House next
week.
There was no objection; and it was so
ordered.
lands granted railroad companies.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2801)
in relation to issuing patents to railroad com-
panies for lands granted to aid in the con-
struction of the roads of said companies;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
post office railway service.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a letter from the Postmaster
General, in relation to an additional appropria-
tion for the payment of clerks for railway ser-
vice ; which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BIRD, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found duly enrolled bills of the follow-
ing titles; when the Speaker signed the same :
An act, (S. No. 677) to authorize the Secre-
tary of War to accept the peninsula in Lak.et
