1842
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 20,
country begins and ends upon the Ohio river
in the gentleman's opinion.
_ Mr. STEVENSON. Why, sir, the river
rises in Pennsylvania.
Mr. DICKEY. That is the only good thing
about it. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENSON, Then it ought not to
be rated by the gentleman.
Mr. DICKEY. There is another class of
gentlemen here, led by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farnswokth,] and backed by
my friend from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] -who
believe that the only subsidy should be a sub-
sidy to the ship-builders on the Clyde.
Mr. BECK. No, sir.
Mr. DICKEY. They arc willing to give to
this particular monopoly authority to purchase
ships there.
Mr. BECK. The gentleman is mistaken.
Mr. DICKEY. I do not misunderstand the
gentlemen. They are in favor of allowing this
company to buy their ships on the Clyde. While
they refuse to allow the American ship-builder
to come into competition with them, and charge
duties upon every article that he uses, yet they
■will allow this particular monopoly to purchase
their ships abroad.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. No, sir; that is
not so.
Mr. DICKEY. They are willing to help
this monopoly provided they will buy their
ships on the Clyde. That is the logical de-
duction from the argument of the gentleman
from New York and the gentleman from
Kentucky.
Now, there is a third party on this floor who
do not believe with the gentleman from Indi-
ana that commerce is simply cheap freights.
They believe that there is such a thing as
American commorce, and they believe that
American commerce is American ships built
with American material, built by American
handicraft, commanded by American captains,
and sailed by American crews—American from
keel to top and from stem to stern. These
are the men who vote for allowing this steam-
ship company to sail American ships to bring
to this country the commerce of China and
Japan.
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Blair]
very wisely and profoundly said that if the
company had succeeded in establishing a
monthly line with a subsidy of only $500,000
that was enough. It is not enough for the
commerce. They are not able to establish a
semi-monthly line and ultimately a weekly
line to control the entire commerce of China
and Japan, bringing it to our shores. They
lost money in the first three years they were
engaged in this trade, according to the state-
ments made before the committee. They are
now making money by the monthly line. They
have neither the capital nor do they choose to
incur the risk of establishing a semi-monthly
line. It has compensated us in the commerce
we have received; it has turned the tide of
commerce from the Bast to the West, And
we propose to encourage it in Ameriean-built
ships, not in ships built upon the Clyde. We
do not propose to subsidize, to aid, to assist
gentlemen to sail under a foreign flag or on a
foreign-built ship.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. STORM. I oppose this proposition
upon the principle of principiis obsta, oppose
the first beginnings. There is not a gentle-
man of this committee who has spoken upon
this subject who has not said in general terms
that he is opposed to subsidies; but each one
who has favored this proposition has found an
excuse for himself for this particular measure.
The gentleman from Ohio, the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations, [Mr. Gar-
field,] has his particular reason for support-
ing this subsidy, although to his mind the
word '"subsidy" means something obnoxious
and odious. My friend from Maryland, [Mr.
Swank,] who has spoken in favor of this sub-
sidy, says he finds it to be mi generis—that
there is something peculiar about it. And my
friend from New York, [Mr. Williams,] -who
gives this measure his support, does so upon
the ground that it is no subsidy at all; be is
anxious to have it adopted as a measure for
extending the mail service; that it is to pay
for carrying the mail on routes where it does
not now pay. Sir, no other gentleman who
has spoken upon this subject, except the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Williams,] has
put it on that ground. The friends of this
subsidy have said that they asked for it, not
because it was for carrying the mails, but that
it was in the interest of commerce. Does any
one say that the sum of $500,000 a year is not
sufficient to pay for carrying the mail from San
Francisco to China? No one says so but the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Williams.]
Sir, it is a subsidy in the pretended interest
of commerce, and nothing else. My friend
from New York [Mr. Potter] just behind me
says that this shall not be a precedent for him.
Why, it is impossible not to make it a prece-
dent. A court might as well make a decision
upon general principles, and then turn around
and say that it did not want that decision to be
regarded as a precedentin other cases just like
it. There are Atlantic lines whose claims upon
the Government are as meritorious as those of
the Pacific mail; how could thegent!eman from
New York [Mr. Potter] refuse those lines
governmental aid after voting for this meas-
ure ? If he did not vote for aid to these lines
he would be abused by the Secretary of the
Treasury and the friends of his subsidy policy
as opposed to the revival of American com-
merce, and of belonging to a party that had a
crab-like policy.
I am afraid that when we in our verdancy
voted $50,000 to pay the expenses of the
Japanese embassy we did not apprehend that
we were setting up a job on ourselves. I be-
lieve that whole thing has been arranged for
stage effect; that the Japanese embassy was
brought over here by this very company that
isnowseeking this subsidy, for the purpose of
influencing our legislation. And my good
Japanese friend from Michigan [Mr. Conger]
has moved this amendment to increase the
subsidy to this steamship line to the sum of
$1,000,000 a year, in pursuance of a pre-
arranged plan. Sir, it looks to me like a job
all the way through.
My friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dickey]
says there are three classes of men who will
not vote for this proposition. I say that prob-
ably there are five or six classes who will go
for it. Every lobbyist now in and around
this Hall is in favor of it, as he is using his
influence to pass it. Every banker, every
broker, every speculator will go for it. Every
man who has stock or is a director in either
the Union Pacific railroad, the Central Pacific
railroad, or the Pacific Mail Steamship Com-
pany will go for it. This steamship company
is but the tail to the Central Pacific Railroad
Company; their interests are identical. I am
opposed to this proposition because by the
combination of these corporations you will
crush out all competition, which is the life of
trade. Any company which might be a com-
peting line may be destroyed by the adoption
of this proposition. We all know that it
would at any time be bad policy to destroy
a competing line in this country. Extending
our commerce by destroying one line to enrich
another is impossible.
1 am opposed to it because it increases the
revenues and influence of a corporation which
spans this continent and the Pacific ocean; a
corporation owning fifty million acres of land,
holding $55,000,000 of our bonds, and prop-
erty to the value of $300,000,000; a corpor-
ation to which that hydra-headed monster, the
United States Bank, strangled to death bv
Jackson, cannot be compared; a corporation
that can and does control the election of mem-
bers of Congress in the States through which
its roads pass; a corporation that possesses
more influence for evil than all others com-
bined, and one to which the liberties of this
country are in danger of being sacrificed.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COGHLAN. It cannot be doubted by
any member on either side of the House that
this proposition is an attempt by this Govern-
ment to at least assist in drawing the com-
merce of the East to this country. The gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Cox] said the
other day that some years ago the Panama
railroad and the steamship company on the
route to California had no need of a subsidy.
And he mentioned that as an instance where
a company was formed, made money, and did
well without any assistance at all from the
Government.
Sir, the gentleman knows, or ought to know,
that the very "A BC" of the laws of commerce
and trade shows that where, as in the case
mentioned by him, there is only one route
which can be traveled, that all commorce
must go by that route; but that where there
are many routes, that commerce must inev-
itably follow that one which provides the
cheapest and quickest transportation. This
is a fundamental law of trade which is un-
changeable and irrevocable. Nor is this all.
Rapid and cheap transportation creates and
fosters the barteringa and exchanges which
go to make up the grand total which we call
commerce.
Sir, to illustrate this question by a small
matter, but one in which nevertheless the
same rule applies—the general law of trade
and commerce—I may mention the fact that
in many places within my State where eight
years ago a little two-horse stage was sufficient
for all the travel and trade, quick communi-
cation by railroad has given such an incentive
to trade and travel that now five and six daily
trains of cars are required to carry the trade
and travel which has grown up from the fact
of cheap and prompt transportation. This is
the same law which affects and governs larger
interests.
The Government of England, by a policy of
subsidies within the last thirty years to lbs
amount of $96,000,000, has gained nearly the
whole of the commerce of the world. In 1838
the whole commerce of England amounted
Only to $798,000,000. Under the system of
subsidizing its commerce to-day amounts to
§3,000,000,000. To-day we stand in the posi-
tion in which England stood in 1838. We
have a greater commerce than she then had.
Is it not wise to profit somewhat by her exam-
ple? In order to command the vast commerce
of the Pacific ocean, which is ours by right, we
must do something toward bringing it in our
direction. I tell gentlemen that this should
not properly be called a subsidy. It is simply
a contract between the Government of the
United States and the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company. Believing that it will assist in
bringing this vast commerce to us, in filling up
our Treasury by duties on imports, in remov-
ing taxes from the shoulders of laboring
men, we offer to pay this company $1,000,000
it they will establish a semi-monthlv service
between the coast of the Pacific and the east-
ern world. Gentlemen who do not believe in
laying out a few dollars in order that thou-
sands may be brought into the Treasury will,
of course, vote against this proposition. With
their view it would not be right for them to
do otherwise. If they were farmers they would
look at the bushel of wheat intended for sow-
ing, and they would say, "How wasteful to pur.
tins in the ground when it can bp converted
into Hour and used as food!" They would
forget that this wheat, properly planted, might,
yield bushels upon bushels of additional grain.
But believing, as I do, that if this contract be
made it will allow us to take toll from the vast
commerce of the world, and that it will pour
