1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
947
And after an able discussion of this ques-
tion state the answer as follows:
"The committee therefore maintain that theGov-
ermnent was bound by the compacts to finish the
work, whether the two per cent, of the net proceeds
of the sales of tho public lands was sufficient to com-
plete it on her scale or not."
In 1846 the same question was again before
Congress, and the character of these compacts
between the United States and tho States of
•Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, and Missouri was
again reviewed ; this time by the House Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, and again the
doctrine was affirmed that the General Gov-
ernment under these compacts was bound to
complete this road. I refer to House Report,
No. 211, 1846, volume two.
This committee recommended that the trust
imposed on the United-States should be dele-
gated to the States, and that an appropriation
of a little less than four million acres of public
lands be made for the purpose of its com-
pletion. The committee say:
"An appropriation of less than four million acres
of public lands will satisfy the expectations of and
fulfill the conditions of tho compacts with the four
million people inhabiting the four great western
States, and thus give this subject a final quietus.
That they will be silent with such solemn guaran-
tees in their power to plead, until the conditions of
the compacts are fulfilled pr compromised, may not
reasonably be expected."
These constructions of the compacts between
the General Government and these States are
entitled to the greater weight because of the
times when and the circumstances under
•which they were made. That the road never
was completed, or even approximately com-
pleted, is a fact so well known that it is only
necessary to state it. It not only never was
completed, but was abandoned to the States
respectively through which it passed. All con-
trol over what there was of it was abandoned
by the United States, and it became subject to
the exclusive control of the States respectively
through which it passed, with the power to
exact tolls, &c., for its use. All of the prop-
erty that had been created in Maryland, Vir-
ginia, and Pennsylvania, by the expenditure
of the money of Ohio thereon, was given to
those States. No road ever was constructed
" to " Indiana, nor was any constructed " to "
Illinois. The enterprise which was to be a
compliance with these stipulations was pro-
jected upon a grand scale, but the failure to
complete it, or even substantially to do so, and
its abandonment, was a confession of failure
to perform that which had been adopted as
the mode in which the agreement with these
States respectively was to be performed, and
there being a failure to perform by the United
States, the money ought to be refunded.
Thus far this question has been considered
generally with reference to these States. If
considered as a separate proposition, with re-
ference to each State, the right of each to the
money ia none the less apparent.
Take the case of the State of Ohio. The
original stipulation was to build to and through
that State. But it may be said that afterward
three fifths of the five per cent, was entirely
relinquished to that State to be expended in
building roads in the State, and that thereby the
United States was released from construction
through that State.
If that is conceded tt does not in any degree
weaken the claim of Ohio. This three fifths
being relinquished to the control of the Legis-
lature, congressional control over it ceased,
and the State might expend it as seemed fit
to the Legislature; but it could not be con-
tended that this would release the United States
from the obligation to expend the remaining
two per cent, in constructing a road to the
State. Now, let it be conceded that the road
was constructed to the State. If it was, then,
to the extent that Ohio funds were used, it was
the property of Ohio; and by every intend-
ment of the arrangement between the United
States and that State, the latter was .entitled to
the untrammeled, untaxed use of it. But the I
United States ceded it to Pennsylvania, Vir-
ginia, and Maryland, assumed to give away,
and did in fact give away the property of Ohio,
and thus the very object which that State had
in view, and for which she relinquished the
right of taxation, was defeated.'
Will it be said that the trustee can thus deal
with the property o f the cestuy que trust ? If it
were a case between individuals, no court
would hesitate to compel the trustee to account
for the money.
But it may be argued that the road in the
State of Ohio was ceded to that State, and that
the State having received the benefit of it
should not be allowed this two per cent.
The answer to this is easy. It is not to be
presumed that the United States would in a
matter of this kind seek to make unjust dis-
criminations between different States. On
the contrary, it must be presumed she would
deal with all alike. Pennsylvania, Virginia,
and Maryland had no two per cent, funds;
the road in these States was given to them
outright. It cost them nothing. Ohio had
this two per cent, fund, and if the cession of
the road in Ohio to that State is to be made a
set-off against this two per cent, claim it places
the United States in the position of making
Ohio pay for her road, while that of Penn-
sylvania, Virginia, and Maryland is a gracious
gift to them. Such a discrimination against
Ohio never was intended and would have been
resented as an insult if it had been proposed.
The same is true of Indiana and Illinois.
One other fact is worthy of consideration.
These expenditures on this Cumberland road
never were kept in such a way as that an
account ever could be made up with either of
these States on that account, and in point of
fact no account was kept in which any charge
was made against this two per cent, fund of
either State. The whole was thrown into
hotchpot, and confused with expenditures out
of the appropriations from the Treasury, and
was expended here, there, and everywhere
along this road without reference to the stip-
ulations with these States.
Thus it ia apparent that the United States
had in no sense complied with the agreements
with these States, and was in no position to
resist a demand from them respectively for
this two per cent, fund, and after the whole
work had been abandoned, and it was known
that this road was never to be completed,
Congress, as I claim, conceded the obligation
of the Government to pay the money by the
passage of the act which it is the purpose of
the resolution now under consideration to
construe. That act is in the words following:
An act to settle certain accounts between the Uni-
ted States and the State of Mississippi and other
States,
Be it enacted by _ the Senate and Mouse of Repre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Commissioner of the General
Land Office be, and he is hereby, required to state
an account between the United States and the State
of Mississippi, for the purpose of ascertaining what
sum or sums of money are due to said State, hereto-
fore unsettled, on account of the public lands in
said State, and upon the same principles of allow-
ance and settlements prescribed in the "Act to
settle certain accounts between the United States
and the State of Alabama," approved the 2d of
March, 1855: and that he be required to include
in said account, the said reservations under the
various treaties with the Chickasaw and Choctaw
Indians within the limits of Mississippi, and allow
and pay to the said State five per cent, thereon,
as in case of other sales, estimating the lands at
the value of SI 25 per acre.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the said
Commissioner shall also state an account between
the United States and each of the other States upon
the same principles, and shall allow and pay to each
State such amount as shall thus be found due. esti-
mating all lands andpermanent reservations at$l 25
per acre.
Approved, March 3,1857.
The Alabama act referred to in the first
section above is in the language following:
An act to settle certain accounts between the Uni-
ted States and the State of Alabama.
He it enacted by the Senate and Ilouae of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in thngress
assembled, That the Commissioner of the General
Land Office be, and he is horeby, required to state
ar Wnt between the United States and the State
ot Alabama, for the purposeof ascorfcaing what sum
or sums ot money are duo to said State, heretofore
unsettled, under the sixth section of tho act of
March 2,1819, for tho admission of Alabama into
the Union; and that he be required to include in
said account tho several reservations under tho
various treaties with the Chickasaw, Choctaw, and
Greek Indians within the limits of Alabama, and
allow and pay to the said State five percent, thereon
as m the case of other States.
The language of these acts would hardly
seem to admit of construction. It seems to
be explicit, and yet the fact that many years
have elapsed, and still the accounts of Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois have not been made up,
indicates that there is controversy on the sub-
ject.
After the passage of the act of 1857, under
the second section, the State of Illinois asked
to have her account made up just as was pro-
vided for for the States of Alabama and Mis-
sissippi, and it has not yet been done. It
becomes necessary, therefore, to ascertain the
true meaning of this second section of the act
of 1857, for which purpose the true meaning
of the Alabama act must be first ascertained.
Alabama had a five per cent, fund just as
had Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, for which she
relinquished the right of taxation, as did those
States. Now examine the Alabama act. Its
title is, "An act to settle certain accounts
between the United States and the State of Ala-
bama," and the Commissioner of the Land
Office is required to state an account " for the
purpose of ascertaining what sum or sums
of money are due to said State heretofore un-
settled, under the sixth section of March 2,
1819," and to include in said account the sev-
eral reservations, &c., and pay to the State
five per cent, thereon.
The sixth section of the enabling act here
referred to provides—
" That five per cent, of the net prooeeds of the
lands lying within said territory, and which shall he
sold by Congress from and after the first day of Sep-
tember, 1819, shall be reserved for making public
roads, &c., of which three fifths shall be applied to
those objectswithin the said State, under the direc-
tion of the Legislature thereof, and two fifths to tho
making of a road or roads leading to the said State,
under the direction of Congress."
In this connection it is but fair to state the con-
struction which has been given to this act by
the acting Secretary of the Interior, (Hon. W.
T. Otto,) and the reasons given by him there-
for, and upon which a settlement with Illinois
was refused and is withheld from Indiana and
Ohio. His construction of the Alabama act,
and of the first section of the act of 1857, which
relates to a settlement with the State of Missis-
sippi is that, those acts have no reference to set-
tlements for land sold, but only refer to set-
tlements for Indian reservations, and that
those acts were only intended to provide that
these reservations should be treated as lands
sold, and settled for accordingly. He bases
this construction upon the sixteenth and seven-
teenth sections of the act of September 4,
1841. Those sections are to the effect that
the two per cent, fund of those States was
thereby relinquished to those States respect-
ively. Therefore, argues the Secretary, there
was no necessity for any legislation in 1855 to
secure to Alabama her five per cent, on the
sales of lands in that State; nor was there in
1857 any necessity to legislate to secure to
Mississippi five per cent, on sales in that
State, and he therefore concludes that the
Alabama act and the first section of the act of
1857 only were intended to provide that res-
ervations should be treated as lands sold, and
that the statement of accounts provided for
only had reference to such reservations.
That this is a most strained and unreason-
able construction is apparent from the very
language of these acts. The title of the act
of 1855 is 11 Au act to settle certain accounts
between the United States and the State of
Alabama."
It was not simply an account that was to be
settled, but "accounts'' were to he settled;
and this is followed by the explicit direction to
