1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51
=?■
in orderto examine this subject, if you propose
to refer it to the proper committee, it should be
referred to the Finance Committee, if it must
fo to a committee that has relations with the
(epartment in which you wish to make checks
and balances.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from New
York, to postpone the pending and all previous
orders and proceed to the consideration of the
resolution offered by him.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution
submitted by Mr. Conkling on the 4th instant:
Resolved,, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the recent defalcation
of J. i. Hodge, late a paymaster in the Army, and
into the facts connected therewith, and to ascertain
and report to the Senate whether any other officer
or officers of the Government are derelict in duty in
respect of the observance of regulations and safe-
guards intended to prevent such occurrences, and
also whether other or further legislation or regula-
tion is needed for the future.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend that
resolution by inserting the resolution which I
offered to the Senate the other day, which I
will ask to have read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment, which
was to strike out all after the word " resolved,"
and to insert in lieu thereof the following:
(The House of Representatives concurring,) That
a joint select committee on retrenchment, consisting
of four members of the Senate and seven members
of the House, be appointed by the Presiding Officers
of the two Houses, and that said committee be in-
structed to inquire into the expenditures in all the
branches of the service of the United States, and to
report whether any, and what, offices ought to be
abolished; whether any, and what, salaries or allow-
ances ought to be reduced; what are the methods of
procuring accountability in public officers or agents
in the care and disbursement of public moneys;
whether moneys have been paid out illegally;
whether any officers or agents or other persons have
been or are employed in the service without author-
ity of law, or unnecessarily; and generally how, and
to what extent, the expenses of the service of the
country may and ought to be curtailed. And also
to consider the expediency of so amending the laws
under which appointments to the public service are
now made as to provide for the selection of subor-
dinate officers after due examination by proper
boards; their continuance in office during specified
terms, unless dismissed upon charges preferred and
sustained before tribunals designated for that pur-
pose ; and for withdrawing the public service from
being used as an instrument of political or party
patronage. That said committee be authorized to
sit during the recess of Congress, to send for persons
and papers, and to report by bill or otherwise; and
that said committee may appoint a clerk for the
term of sis months, and no more.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should have preferred
to have had the amendment which I have
offered come before the Senate as a distinct
proposition, and not to have had it compli-
cated by the resolution offered by the Senator
from New York; and if I could have got the
floor to make the motion, it would have been
better for the Senate to have considered this
resolution first, because, so far as I am con-
cerned, if the Senate should think proper not
to continue the Committee on Retrenchment,
which we had at the last Congress and for the
two previous Congresses, then I should be in
favor of the resolution of the Senator from
New York.
The only reason that I offer this as an amend-
ment is, that I think it would be proper, if this
committee is to be raised, that the Senator's
resolution should go to this committee. If
there was any parliamentary way by which we
could act first on the resolution I have offered
I should much prefer it, but the Senator from
New York insists upon pressing his resolution.
I do not know whether he means to interpose
any objection to the passage of the resolution
which I have offered or not.
The Senator from Michigan, [Mr. Chand-
ler.] who has frequently voted for this res-
olution, which he denominates, I believe, a
resolution that supposes men possess all
knowledge, seems now to indicate some oppo-
sition to it. It was a favorite resolution of
his for one session and two sessions, for three
sessions, for four sessions, for five sessions,
for six sessions; and have all the men of
knowledge departed in the present Congress ?
Was all thewisdom in thoseformer Congresses
when the Senator from Michigan championed
this resolution as a very proper one, and gave
it his support? Now it seems it is a very
improper one, because it presupposes that the
men upon this committee are to beomniscient!
Mr. President, I think it due to the condi-
tion of the country, due to the Chief Magis-
trate of the nation, who, in hi3 recent message
to Congress, told us in strong and decided lan-
guage that numerous defalcations and convic-
tions of dishonest servants had occurred within
the last two years, and that the civil service
was demoralized, and who recommended to
us at a former session of Congress action on
this subject, that we should act in harmony
with and aid him as far as we can to puuish
fraud, and correct existing abuses. I know
that humanity is imperfect. I know that we
have not, as the Senator from Michigan inti-
mates, all wisdom. It i3 probable that in spite
of any laws that we can pass there will some-
times be dishonest men in office; but it is our
duty to find what the evils in the public service
are, and then apply the remedy. We cannot
tell how to legislate to prevent future defalca-
tions in the pay department until wo ascertain
something about how they occur, and so in the
Post Office Department, and so in the pension
department, and so in the other Departments
of the Government.
We have had this Retrenchment Commit-
tee, as I have already stated, for six years;
and I ask the Senator from New Jersey, who
is earnestly opposed to all fraud, dishonesty,
and corruption in public office as well as every-
where else, if he does not know that this com-
mittee has had jurisdiction of these very sub-
jects for years? Why, sir, in its investiga-
tions into the customs department, of which
the Senator from Michigan is chairman, so
far as we have a committee in this body hav-
ing charge of that department, it. saved us hun-
dreds of thousands of dollars. Where was the
Senator from Michigan when goods were being
smuggled into California by the Isthmus route,
and when this Committee on Retrenchment
discovered the fraud and saved to this Gov-
ernment hundreds of thousands of dollars ?
We had a Committee on Commerce then, but
the Committee on Commerce did not con-
sider itself charged with that particular mat-
ter.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will
pardon me, I should like to have some particu-
lars of that salvation of so many hundreds of
thousands of dollars in the transit of goods
across the Isthmus. I should like to hear the
facts in the case. I have never heard them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Patterson] stated them in
the Senate at a former session, and I presume
is prepared to state them again for the inform-
ation of the Senator.
Sir, it was not only in reference to the
exposure and correction of frauds in the transit
of goods across the Isthmus that the Retrench-
ment Committee rendered service. Has the
Senator from Michigan forgotten, and if he
has, I am sure the country has not forgotten,
the enormous frauds brought to light by this
committee in the custom-house in New York
city? Has the Senator from Michigan forgot-
ten that at the last Congress, during this pres-
, ent year, the Committee on Retrenchment
I made a report to this body, in which they
| stated publicly to the world on sworn testi-
' mony that officers in the custom-house at New
| York were in the habit of receiving bribe
j money? lias he forgotten that?
] Mr. CHANDLER. Did they point them
I out to the Secretary of the Treasury?
; Mr. TRUAIBULL. Yes, sir; I hold in my
! hand the published statement of the names, if
' the Senator has never seen it.
! Mr. CHANDLER. I will guaranty that if
I the Committee on Retrenchment, or any other
I committee of this body, pointed out to the Sec-
retary of the Treasury the men who' received
bribes, they were promptly and ignominiously
removed from that custom-house. Did the
committee do it, and were the men removed,
or did they not do it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The very thing I want
to know is whether they have been removed.
I want the committee to inquire and to let us
know whether these men have been removed.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the Senator will par-
don me, the Committee on Commerce goes
directly to the Secretary of the Treasury when
it discovers fraud or peculation and demands
the immediate remedy. Did this committee do
that, or did it not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not a member of
the committee. I know not whether they went
to the Secretary of the Treasury or not, but I
do know that m an official report laid before
this body and published to the world and new
i in my band, the committee did report and
, did show upon the sworn testimony of wit-
nesses that men in the New York custom house
| habitually received bribe money. They re-
i ported that in the weighers' department alone,
j in each division three extra weighers were
; appointed, who had nothing to do, receiving
salaries amounting in the aggregate to $57,000.
Mr. NYE. How many?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Three in eacli division,
and I believe there are some fifteen or twenty
divisions. The testimony will show how many.
I read a few sentences from the testimony of
one of the witnesses. Ho says:
" I have heard weighers say that men have been
' sent to them for whom they had no use, and they
: have protested."
j He was asked:
S " On the average, what should you think were tho
| number of useless men in each of the divisions or
1 district?
> l' Answer. My jndgment would be about three on
a district that could be dispensed with if we were
! doing the business in the way that men would do it
! for themselves."
I Then he is e.sked;
I " What should you say is paid per year to these
extra or unnecessary men—that is, men who are
not needed to perform the work ?
" Answer. X think there is directly paid to those
men that might be dispensed with from fifty to
sixty thousand dollars, to the extra laborers, all tokl,
about $1,000 per annum each."
Then he states that there are eighteen or
nineteen of these weighers' districts in the
custom-house in New York. Further on the
same witness states that on or about the 1st
of October "they made an assessment of ten
dollars apiece on our clerks and foremen."
Mr. EDMUNDS. Who is that witness?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The name of the wit-
ness is Henry C. Lake. Why, sir, that is not
the beginning of what is in this document.
The testimony shows that not $50,000 only,
but hundreds of thousands of dollars are un-
necessarily paid in New York for cartage pur-
poses. It appears that a few years ago goods
were taken from steamers by the companies
owning them and delivered to the importers
without any or a very trifling expense. Now
they are taken and carted to warehouses and
| the importers are charged for a mouth's store-
; age, although the goods do not remain in the
j warehouse twenty-four hours. I want to know
! if these abuses have been corrected in the city
| of New York?
This testimony also shows the manner in
which customs officers are appointed in New
York.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On what page was that?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I read from page 8.
' On page 10 of this document it will be found
, that when comoiaint? were made—-I hope the
j Senator from Michigan will hear this—by the
i merchants in New York to the Secretary of
the Treasury of the way they were being plun-
j dered—
: "The Secretary wrote to Mr. Mttrphy rather
sharp!}-, I should think, from the way Mr. Marphy
! seemed to take it; the consequence of which was
' that Air. Murphy told us we had been ' crowding
him too much, and bo should do nothing in tne
• matter. He said there were certain people who had
