948
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 10,
the Commissioner to make up an account for
the purpose of ascertaining what sum or sums
of money are due to said State under the sixth
section of the act of March 2, 1819, for the
admission of Alabama info the Union.
This sixth section provides that five per cent,
of the net proceeds of the lands lying within
said territory, and "which shall be sold by
Congress, shall be reserved'' for the purpose
of making roads, &c., (a similar provision as
that made with the'States of Ohio, Indiana,
and Illinois.) Iu making up this account with
the State of Alabama under the act of 1855;
the Commissioner is directed, as plainly as lan-
guage can express it, to embrace in it " lands
sold." Can it be possible that this plain and
positive language is to be entirely eliminated
from this act by construction? But this is not
all .that is to enter into this account, for the
act further directs him as follows:
"And that he be required to include in said account
the several reservations under the various Indian
treaties," &c.
What then is he required to do? He is
required to make up an account embracing
two items.
First. An account for lands sold.
Seeond. An account for Indian reservations,
treating them as lands sold, and whatever was
found due on these accounts was to be paid to
the State of Alabama.
It is no answer to this to say that there was
nothing due to that State on account of lands
sold. Congress, by this statute, directed the
Commissioner to investigate that question,
and if anything was due to pay it. Would any
one pretend to say that if something had been
found due on account of "lands sold" the
Commissioner could not embrace it in this
account he>\as required to make up? Cer-
tainly not; and if not, it is impossible to say
that this act only referred to reservations.
This account between the United States and
the State of Alabama was to embrace " lands
sold" and "reservations.''
By the first section of the act of 1857 pro-
vision was made for a settlement with the
State of Mississippi. The title is " An act to
settle certain accounts," &c., and the Commis-
sioner is required to state an account—
" For the purpose of ascertaining what sum or
sums of money are due to said State, heretofore un-
settled, on aceountof the public lands in said State,
and upon thesame principles of allowance and settle-
ments prescribed in the act to settle certain accounts
between the UnitedStates and theStateof Alabama,
and to include in said accountthe reservations," &c.
If possible this language is more unmis-
takable than that in the Alabama act. It is
an act, by its title, to settle accounts. It pro-
vides for ascertaining what "sum" or "sums"
of money are due. The account is to be made
up upon the same principles of allowance and
settlements as in the case of Alabama. (The
plural form of expression pervading this sec-
tion is important to be noted, for it not only
strongly sustains the construction declared by
the resolution, but refutes the theory of the
Acting Secretary, to whose opinion reference
has already been made, as will be presently
shown.) _ This account is to show the amount
due on "account of public lands." "and to
include" the reservations.
Having thus considered the Alabama act and
the first section of the act of March, 1857, the
attention of the House is called to the precise
language of the seeond section:
"Sec. 2. And he it further enacted, That the said
Commissioner shall also state an account between
lii© United states and each of the other Stiites upon
tue same principles, and shall allow and pay to each
btate such amount as shall thus be found due esti-
mating all lands and permanent reservations' at
il 2o per acre."
"Each of the other States" is to be settled
with " upon the same principles" as Alabama
and Mississippi, and all lands and permanent
reservations are to be estimated at §1 25 per
acre.
There would seem to be but little room for
construction here ; yet the acting Secretary in
his argument, when the claim of Illinois was
before the Interior Department, says:
"The second section requires that the Commis-
sioner should state an account between the United
States and each of the other States upon the same
principle."
It will be observed that lie uses the singular
number, "ptinciple," while the plural, "prin-
ciples,", is used in the statuto; then he pro-
ceeds as follows:
"Upon what principle? The obvious answer is,
the principle that the land reserved under the In-
dian treaties should be regarded as so much land
sold by the United States, and should be estimated
at SI 25 per acre."
That is one principle upon which the ac-
count is to be made up; but the act provides
that it shall be made up upon the same prin-
ciples. What is the other principle that is to
enter into this account? The act contemplates
at least two, and the acting Secretary has
pointed out but one. The principle he points
out is, that lands reserved shall be regarded
as lands sold. That far he is undoubtedly
correct, but the plural language shows that
that is not all that is to go into this account,
What the other item is, is not only shown by
the Alabama act, and the first section of the
act of 1857, but is even more plainly shown
by the language of this second section, for let
it Ise particularly observed that in making up
this account with each of the other States he
is expressly directed to estimate " all lands"
and permanent reservations" at $1 25 per
aero. How can it be said in the face of this
language that this enactment refers only to
"reservations?"
Nothing can be plainer than that the term
"lands" here used means the lands out of
which the live per cent, fund was reserved
under the enabling acts, and that it refers to
lands sold as contemplated by those acts, in
contradistinction to reservations. This lan-
guage in itself is a complete refutation of the
whole argument upon which the refusal to state
the account of Illinois was based.
There is another feature of this act that
should not be overlooked ; that is, the entire
omission of everything in relation to any set-
off against this account that is to be made up,
on account of expenditures on the Cumber-
land road, or on any other account whatever.
Lands and reservations were to be estimated
at $1 25 per acre and paid for. If they had
already been paid for by expenditures on the
Cumberland road, such an act never would
have been passed. If those expenditures were
to have been taken into consideration'in mak-
ing up this account, this act would have given
the Commissioner some directions on that sub-
ject.
In the absence of any provisions on the sub-
ject, it must be considered that the United
States was making no claim on that account
against this two per cent. fund. The act being
silent on the subject, it is not easy to see how-
such expenditures could be taken into con-
sideration, either in making up the account or
m construing the act itself. Nor can this silence
be regarded as an oversight. As before shown,
the attention of Congress had twice before been
directly attracted to the obligations that were
resting upon the General Government in con-
nection with this road. Two committees had
advised Congress that the Government, under
these compacts, was bound to complete this
road. The fact was notorious that this had
never been done; that the Government had
utterly failed to perform her agreements, ac-
cording to their letter or spirit; that she had
abandoned the work, had given away what
had been done. The Government was, there-
lore, in no situation to make any claim against
the two per cent, fund of these States on
account of these expenditures, and could not,
with any show of justice, have required them
to be taken into the account. Hone© the
silence on this subject; that silence is a con-
fession that there was no valid set-off against
these two per cent, claims.
It seems to me that the conclusion is irresist-
ible that this second section means what is
declared to be its meaning by the resolution.
This resolution was before the Judiciary Com-
mittee of the Forty-Firs J Congress, and its
passage recommended by that committee in a
very able and convincing report made by my
colleague [Mr. Kerr.] When the claim ot Illi-
nois was before the Department of the Inte-
rior Mr. Lincoln wrote the following letter in
relation to it:
Executive Mansion*.
Washixoton, August 26,18S3.
Hon. Secretary Interior :
Illinois has again presented her claim for the
two per cent. I do not think it gracious in her to do
so at this time of our national troubles. Myopiniun
of the law has undergone no change. I think the
law is with the State. I therefore desire you to take
up the case and act upon it as you may think the
law is> A. LINCOLN.
Written opinions sustaining the claim of the
State of Illinois under this second section have
been given by Hon. Caleb Cushing, Hon. Wil-
liam M. Evarts, Hon. B. R. Curtis, and other
eminent jurists; and to all this may be added
the fact that the State of Missouri, which was
in the same category with Ohio, Indiana, and
Illinois, and had a five per cent, fund subject
to precisely the same conditions, has been
settled with by act ot Congress, ignoring all
expenditures on account of the Cumberland
road, the committee placing the report upon
the ground that the Government had not per-
formed her compact, and eould not, therefore,
ask a set-off 011 account of expenditures on
that road.
Ihe Illinois claim, which is supported by
such eminent authority as that above referred
to, and the Missouri claim, which has been
settled already by congressional action, are
no stronger than those of Ohio and Indiana.
They are all alike meritorious. This second
section of the act of 1857 was obviously in-
tended to provide for their settlement, and the
House should so declare by the passage of this
resolution.
This two per cent, fund has been paid to all
the States excepting Ohio, Indiana, and Illi-
nois, and I appeal to the House by the pas-
sage of this resolution to mete out to them
the same measure of justice that has been
granted to the other States for whose benefit
such a fund had been provided.
EDUCATIONAL FUND.
Mr. MelNTl RE asked and obtained leave
to have printed in the Globe additional remarks
on the bill (H. R. No. 1043) to establish an
educational fund and to apply the proceeds of
the public lands to the education of the peo-
ple. [See Appendix.]
Mr. BARRY. I move that the House now
adjourn.
ihe motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at one 0 clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
miiw H?Il0Wimg &c-> were presented
By Mr BURCHARD : The petitions of D.
Wilmot Scott and H. H. Houghton, of Galena,
Illinois' " H°wlett, of Lanark,
J*vthat ?eCtion one ^ndred and
1 7 reviscd codification of the
postal laws be amended.
Also, the joint resolution of the twenty-
seventh General Assembly of the State of Illi-
nois, requesting the Representatives and Sen-
ators fron that State to endeavor to obtain the
passage of an act transferring all the rights,
privileges, and liabilities conferred on theftaS
, 10 the construction of a rail-
load from Chicago to Mobile, to the States of
Alabama and Mississippi.
By Mr. CREBS: The petition of George
countv 111 -'° 0the"' chi2e,iS of Union
countj, Illinois, praying a reduction of the
