3636
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
next be assigned for the consideration of
reports from the Committee 011 Education and
Labor.
Mr. RANDALL. I object.
w. t. bovvers.
Mr. HOLMAN, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back, with a recommenda-
tion that the same do pass, House bill No.
1899, for the relief of W. T. Bovvers.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the proper
accounting officer of the Post Office Depart-
ment to credit W. T. Bowers, postmaster at
Liberty, Union county, Indiana, with the sum
of thirty dollars on his account as postmaster,
that sum being the amount of postage stamps
stolen from the post office on the 21st day of
December, 1871, while the building in which
the office was kept was threatened with destruc-
tion by fire.
Mr. STEVENSON. I desire to say that it
is a most extraordinary thing that the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] should
report* in favor of a claim. I hope he will
explain it.
Mr. HOLMAN. It will be seeu from the
modesty of the claim that it comes from the
State of Indiana, and the credit of that should
be given to my colleague, [Mr. Wilson ]
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr llOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that, the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mus. martha l. house russkll.
Mr. HOLMAN also, from the Committee
of Claims, reported back, with an amendment,
the lull (S. No. 3G3) for the relief of Mrs.
Martha L. House Russell.
The hill was read, Itdirectsthe Secretary
of the Treasury to pay from any moneys in the
Treasury of the United Stares not otherwise
appropriated, to Mrs. Martha L. House Rus-
sell, formerly Manila L. Uouse, the sum of
$14,075 in lull compensation lor the losses
sustained by her in the latter part of Decem-
ber, 18(12, and the early part of January, 18ti;3,
by ilie appropriation arid use by the Union
forces fin- t,he bent-til of the wounded at the
battle of .Stone River, and for use at the hos-
pitals, ol lotty-four bales of cotton, twenty
thousand pounds of seed cotton, her house
supplies and beds, beddms, clothing, carpets,
col i.on cloth, and wine, being the sum ascer-
tained to be due her by a board of claims
organized by the War Department.
Mr. HO L.MAN. The Committee of Claims
have duected me to move an amendment 10
this bill so as to reduce the amount Irom
$14,975 to $11,075. I will say that, there is a
voluminous repoit accompanying this bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SARGENT. The bill ought to be fur-
ther amended by adding a clause providing
that this money shall be in full of all claims.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 have no objection to that
at all.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
that amendment will be added.
There was no objection; and the bill was
amended accordingly.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading; and it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter n.otion was agreed to.
security of like on steam vessels.
The SPEAKER announced the appoint-
ment of Mr. Negley, Mr. Coxgeu. mid Mr.
HahbletO-N' as conferees on the part of the
House upon the bill (H. R. No. 2116) to
amend an act entitled "An act 'to provide for
the better security of life on board of vessels
propelled in whole or in part by steam, and
for other purposes," approved February 28,
1871.
leave of absence.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York, Mr. Goodrich, desires leave of absence
until next Thursday, and the gentleman from
New York, Mr. Roosevelt, for five days_. If
there be no objection, these requests will be
granted.
■ Mr. FARNSWORTH. Are those gentle-
men or any member of their families sick ?
If leave of absence is desired on account of
sickness, I do not object.
Mr. BROOKS. Oh, let them go.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand it is
on account, of sickness in their families.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no ob-
jection, and leave is granted.
montana war claims.
Mr. COBURN. I ask leave that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs may report in print
upon the matter of the Montana war claims.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
heirs of george c bestor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, there
is on the Speakers table a bill (S. No. 107)
for the relief of the heirs of George C. Bestor,
a gentleman who died in this city the other
day. A bill for his relief has been heretofore
passed by the House, and this bill was passed
the other day by the Senate. I will not ask
that the bill shall now be taken up and acted
on, but only that it may be referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs with permission
to report it back at any time.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
that order will be made.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petition's.
The following petitions were presented
under tho rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. COBURN: Petitions of soldiers
and sailors of Reading, Pennsylvania, and
Worcester, Connecticut, asking for a bill to
provide industrial homes for the orphans of
soldiers and sailors who served in the Union
Army.
By Mr. GARRETT: The petition of J. B.
Rogers for the removal of his political disa-
bilities.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Nancy W. Thomp-
son, for an invalid pension.
By Mr. WALDEN : The petition of II. N.
Berry, Samuel D. Pryce, Caleb Quaintance,
and others, of Iowa City, for a change in the
homestead law so as to permit certaiu soldiers
to obtain title to homesteads who have hereto-
fore failed to do so through no fault of their
IN SENATE.
Monday, May 20, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. E. I). Owes, of Washington,
Distiict of Columbia.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of Saturday iast.
Mr. MORTON. If no Senator desires to
hear the minutes read, I suggest that the read-
ing be dispensed with.
Mr. V1CKERS. The Senate is very thin,
and^ there are hardly enough here to transact
business. 1 think ihe Journal had better be
read.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Two bills have
been returned from the House of Representa-
tives, on which motions to reconsider were
entered by the Senator from Rhode Island
[Mr. Anthony,] and by the Senator from Ar-
kansas, [Mr. Clayton.] They will lie on the
table until some motion is made in regard to
them.
The reading of the Journal was resumed and
concluded.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 887) for the relief of
James Black and Albert R. Cooper, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
supplemental apportionment bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to give notice that
as soon as the morning business is through I
shall ask the Senate to take up the additional
apportionment bill, which has been reported,
adding nine additional Representatives to the
House of Representatives.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented six petitions of late
soldiers and sailors, praying that industrial
homes and training schools be established for
the orphans of soldiers and sailors who served
the United States in the war of the rebellion;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented the memo-
rial of Henry Letner and fifty-four business
firms in the city of New York, who use over
five hundred sewing machines in their busi-
ness, remonstrating against the extension of
the patent of A. B. Wilson by act of Congress;
which was referred to the Committee on Pat-
ents.
Mr. LOGAN presented the petition of Letta
Clark, praying to be allowed back pay aud
bounty due her for her son, Arthur May ; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CONKLING presented a petition of
officers, soldiers, sailors, and marines who
have served in the United States Army and
Navy, praying to be allowed to sell or assign
certain lands acquired under a late amendment
to the homestead act; which was referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SCHURZ presented a memorial of the
president and faculty of the University of the
State of Missouri, asking an increase of agri-
cultural college grant to the different States;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. OSBORN presented the petitions of W.
M. Mcintosh and of W. K. Beard, of Leon
county, Florida, praying the removal of their
political disabilities; which were referred to
the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Georgia and Florida, praying the establish-
ment of a mail route lrotn Jacksonville, Flor-
ida, to Centre Village, Georgia; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. CARPENTER presented the petition
of Sarah M. Felt, praying to be allowed a
pension ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
reports of committees.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (II.
R. No. 157G) directing that a bounty land war-
rant for one hundred and sixty acres of land
be issued to Eiisha Franklin tor military ser-
vices in the war of 1812, asked to be dis
charged from its further consideration, and
that :t be referred to the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims; which was agreed to.
Mr. STOCKTON, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, submitted a report to accom-
pany the bill (S. No. 291) for the relief of'liie
officers and crew of the United Slates ship
Wyoming ; which, was ordered to be printed.
margaret riley
Mr. LOGAN. I have some reports to make
