52
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
to be taken care of, and itwas well known that they
had to be taken care of, and nobody in the party
would say anything about his taking care of taem,
and he would doit."
That is to say, after information was sent to
the Secretary of the Treasury showing how im-
porters in New York were plundered by the
officials there, the Secretary wrote sharply to
Mr. Murphy, and he replied that certain men
had to be taken care 01, and the party would
not complain, arid he would take care ofthem!
Mr. EDMUNDS. In reply to the Secretary,
do you mean?
Mr. TRUMBULL. He replied to this party
complaining. The witness who states this is
Mr. Francklyn.
In regard to these impositions that were put
upon merchants, the same witness says in an-
swer to a question propounded by Senator
Patterson ;
*' Your charge, you say, was about a dollar a pack-
age on theaverage, where the goods remained longer
than forty-eight hours. Do you know what it is
now? , . . r i
" Answer. This will showwhat it is now, [showing
bill.] They range anywhere froui one and a quarter
to twelve dollars."
\ Again he is asked;
" Whatdo you think of that monopoly, if His a mo-
nopoly?"—
Referring to the cartage business—
"What is it worth to this company—that is, to
Leet&Co.?
"Answer. They work it very cheaply. They never
hoist any goods if they can help it, and they keep
goods waiting on the street until they can get rid of
those on the ground-floor, to save labor, &c. I
should think their gross receipts from that business
must be $15,000 a week—say $10,000 a week, any
way.
"Question. Making $520,000 a year ? _
"Answer. Yes; but of course there is a good deal
of labor to be deducted from that. I should think
it was worth $100,000 a year at any rate, perhaps a
groat deal more.
On page 20 of this report another witness
testifies on this subject of "taking care'' of
parties, as follows :
"Question, Did Mr. Mason go to you at the time
of the change?
" Answer. Not to me; but Mr. Grinnell has made
to me the pame proposition, to put somebody in at a
salary of $2,500, for he evidently wanted to take
care of a man who had the business before. And
lean also testify to the fact that Mr. Murphy said
he hod to take care of somebody that was ' poor as
a rat,' and he would be very glad if ho could find a
berth for bun. He did not mention the name of the
pa-ty, but Mr. Halsey, ot New Jersey, was with us
at the time, and he-went over and had a private in-
terview with Mr. Murphy, and he afterward told
us that the collector referred to a Mr. Latin."
He was the party who was as u poor as a
rat" and had to be ''takencare of."
In regard to a former collector and this stor-
age and cartage business, it is testified to on page
2i that—
" When Mr. Smythe came in he thought it was' a
big plum,' as he termed it, and commenced nego-
tiating tor the sale of it.
"Question. Directly, in person?
"Answer. Yes, sir; without any concealment
either. He started off on a new tack, and since then
it has been a matter of bargain and sale; and all I
can say is that it is a very disgraceful thing, and
compels the merchants to pay a very high price for
the storage ot goods."
Here is the testimony of a witness who was
a supernumerary in the custom-house at New
York. He is asked :
" When were you appointed ?"
He answers:
" The 10th of last .month."
The testimony I think was taken about the
beginning of the year.
" Qvestion. Have you performed any duties since
that time in discharging any vessels?
"Answer, No, sir; nothing but report for duty
every day. I have leported daily at the barge office
for duty, and I have been given no business to per-
form.
** Question. What is your salary, Mr. Horton ?
" Ansicer. Four dollars a day.
" Question. For six days in the week ?
" Answer, Seven days in the week."
He was supposed to be there on Sundays,
but he never had anything to do, getting four
dollars a day including Sundays!
Another witness, William E. Dodge, jr., a
gentleman well known, I doubt not, to many j
Senators, ccrtainly known to the country, and
to all business men in the city of New York,
says:
" Question. Ir. other words, you think the custom-
house management is greatly behind the ; ,
"Answer. I think that, and, more serious, that the
great curse of our management now is that the em-
ployes of the custom-house are appointed entirely
for political ends, without the slightest reference to
their fitness for the work. I would like to mention
a case that came to my notice., A very nice young
gentleman, who had been appointed in the custom-
house, and had been turned out for political reasons,
asked me if I would use my influence to have him
reinstated. I told him I had no political influence
and knew no one in the custom-house. i>utl signed
my name, with some of the principal merchants, to
his petition, and he was reinstated, lie came to me
about a fortnight ago. looking very blue. I said to
him, ' What is the matter now ; are you still m the
custom-house?' ' Yes, sir: I am very pleasantly
situated there,' he said, 4 Well, what is the mat-
ter?' said I. 'I am ashamed of myself, he an-
swered; ' I came to know whether you could give
me anything to do.' 1 What do you mean by that ?
He said, 'Another gentleman and myself are sur-
veyors of some particular district along the Jiast
river; the gentleman with me keeps a grog-shop
on the Harlem road, and is a local politician. We,
together, are appointed for that purpose, and the
entire work the past fortnight, for both of us, would
not occupy twenty minutes of time for one of us;
and I sit there doing nothing, and I am losing my
self-respect; if youcangiveme any work connected
with any charitable institution, so as to employ my
time, I should be obliged to you, and I shall try and
find something better.' Now, our whole custom-
house is filled up in that way."
The same witness testifies farther:
"The simple point is, that our custom-house is a
political machine. Sometimes befoieelection, yougo
to the collector and you cannot see him, owi-ng to the
convention that meets at Syracuse. He cannot see
you, although there are things of vital importance
affecting your business during all the year."
Mr. President, this book is full of sworn
testimony exposing frauds intheNew York cus-
tom-house. I cannot detain the Senate to read
more of it. It was laid on our tables on the
third day of last March. Whether the abuses
have been corrected or not, I do not know.
To some extent, I should think, the report
itself would have led to the correction of
the abuses it exposed But the Senator from
Michigan, chairman of the Committee on Com-
merce, did not investigate any of these matters.
They were not inquired into until we appoint-
ed a Committee on Retrenchment charged with
that particular duty; and now my resolution
proposes to continue that committee, I hope
there will be no objection to the fullest investi-
gation.
Let us know whether it be true, in the lan-
guage of some of these witnesses, that the
offices of this Government are used merely for
political purposes, and let us devise some way,
if we can, in the language of the resolution,
for " withdrawing the public service from being
used as an instrument of political or party
patronage." Let us inquire into all the De-
partments of the Government, and if it be
untrue that-these abuses exist; if it be untrue
that the patronage of this Government is used
as so many dollars and cents merely for parti-
san purposes, and, worse than partisan pur-
poses, for the selfish purposes of a faction in
the party, let it be exposed, and if it be untrue,
let us show that to the country, and let this
clamor that is raised throughout the land of
corruption and demoralization in the public
service cease.
I think the testimony of Mr. Dodge discloses
one of the great evils in our public service
system. In olden times removals in the sub-
ordinate offices were very unusual. During
the entire administration of General Washing-
ton, lasting eight years, there were only nine
removals. During the administration of the
elder Adams there were but ten, and during
the administration of Mr. Jefferson, who came
into power on a party issue, who was elected
by the Republicans in opposition to the Fed-
eralists of that day, who had previously been
in power, and when the offices might be sap-
posed to have been generally filled by persons
in harmony with the outcoming Administra-
tion—even Mr. Jefferson, during the whole
term ofeigkt years that he served, removed fiom
office but thirty nine persons. Madison, in the
eight years of his presidential service, removed
but five; Monroe removed but nine, and John
Quincy Adams only removed two. _
Then men were selected for office on ac-
count of their supposed fidelity to the Consti-
tution and the country, their ability, their
integrity, and their capacity to perform the
duties of the positions to which they were
assigned.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How many did Jackson
remove?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not the table
before me. He made more removals than his
predecessors, and it was during the days of
Jackson that the doctrine of "spoils" was in-
augurated which has poisoned our civil service
system. Why, sir, as long ago as 1825 or 1826
a committee of this body, of which Mr. Benton
was chairman, made a report deprecating the
use of the patronage of the Government for
political purposes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was before Jack-
son's time. then.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was before Jack-
son's time. I have not that report before me,
but my recollection of the report is that Col-
onel Benton called the attention of the Senate
to the fact that there was then colleced and
disbursed some $22,000,000, and he pointed
out the danger of allowing this money to be
handled by persons placed in position for mere
political purposes; and I think he predicted
in that report that the time might comeduring
the life-time of some of those then present
when the revenues and disbursements of the
Government might amount to $50,000,000.
What wouid he have thought if he had lived
to this day and seen between three and four
hundred millions collected, and a like sum
disbursed in a single year, and more than a
hundred millions kept in your Treasury all the
time?
Later, Mr. President, in 1832 or 1833, a
committee of this body was raised to investi
gate this subject a second time, and on that
occasion Mr. Clay, in alluding to the system
which has been described by this witness in
the city of New York, used this language :
" It is a detestable system drawn from the worst
periods of the Roman republic, and if it were to be
perpetuated, if the offices, honors, and dignities of
the people were to be put up to scramble and to be
decided by theresults of every presidential election,
our Government and institutions, becoming intoler-
able, would finally end in a despotism as inexorable
as that of Constantinople."
That was the opinion of Mr. Clay in 1832,
when the patronage of the Government bore a
very small proportion to its patronage now.
Mr. President, I am not opposed to party
organizations. I believe that men must organ-
ize for the purpose of carrying out measures
of public policy. I think when there is a
question before the country that commends
itself to the judgment of the people as the be^t
for the country, those who think alike should
unite together and endeavor to carry it out
A political organization for the purpose nf
carrying out measures, I beiieve to be rt ht ami
proper. I go further than that; 1 believe that
when apolitical organization thus Conned sue
ceeds to power in the Government, it should
make use of instrumentalities in harmonv with
it to carry out the great measures on which i>
was elected as to high officials vested with
discretionary powers.
But in the subordinate offices, where thedut i s
are merely ministerial, there is no particular
importance in a man's political affiliations, it'
heisafaithful, conscientious, com pet ent. officer;
and in reference to all officers when appointed
or elected, from the President down, my post
tion is this: they are the officers of the country
and not of any party, and their whole effort
should be to promote the interests of their
country and not the interests of any political
organization.
I do not believe in using the patronage and
