1844
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
has driven our flag from the ocean. It is the
system of subsidies, of which this is a part,
which has driven our flag from the ocean and
put in its place the flag of St. George.
You can do nothing under our modern sys-
tem of legislation in this country ■without a
subsidy. God has given us more boundless
resources than to any other people on the face
of the earth. Yet you cannot make a pound
of pig iron without a subsidy. You cannot
make a yard of calico without a subsidy. You
cannot take from the earth a bushel of coal
without a subsidy. You have taxed our ship-
ping interest out of existence; and you pro-
pose by further subsidies to add to the burdens
now resting upon the people who have been
oppressed by this system. No man can look
at the history of this matter without seeing
that before our Government placed its piratical
hands upon the shipping interests of the coun-
try, before this vast system of protection was
introduced, our flag floated proudly on every
sea upon the globe.
Our people do not want any subsidies.
What they want is that you will let them
alone. Let the ingenuity, the talent, and the
capital of this country alone. Give freedom
to the shipping interest, give freedom to our
flag, and it will go forth proudly again on
every sea, on every ocean. But continue this
system, and what will be the result? You
subsidize a few lines. Others find that they
cannot maintain competition with them, and
you must subsidize them also. And whatwill
be the result? You will have some subsidized
lines, which will maintain communication with
certain dark corners of the earth, and our
flag will be seen nowhere else. But take off
the heavy hand of protection; remove this
system of subsidy ; let the ship-builders have
their materials free as God has given them,
and then let it be seen if they cannot compete
with the ship-builders of other countries, and
whether our vessels, as of old, will not be
again seen floating on every ocean.
Mr. Chairman, what we need is not additional
taxation upon the people; but what we need
for the purpose of restoring the flag of our
country once more to the ocean is to remove
the burdens placed upon commerce. Instead
of having lines of steamships subsidized by
andfeediug upon the hard-earned wages of the
farmers and mechanics of the country, remove
these burdens, and instead of your lines of
steamers creeping around a few dark corners
of the earth, your talent, your capital, your
energy, andyour industry will once more grap-
ple with the proudest nations of the earth, and
your flag will oncc more be seen proudly wav-
ing upon every sea and over every isle that
gems the bosom of the ocean.
It is because this measure is unconstitutional
in the first place, and in the second place be-
cause it will not produce the results that gen-
tlemen profess to be aiming at, that I oppose
it. It will not restore our flag to the ocean.
It is but another step in the direction of pre-
venting its ever returning to the ocean, if you
pursue a policy like this.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HAWLEY. Mr. Chairman, I regret
that upon this subject, which I regard.as one
of great importance, I should find myself dif-
fering with my colleagues on this side of the
House. In the course of this discussion much
has been said upon the question of subsidies.
I propose in the short time allotted to rue to
call the attention of the House, if I can, to
the real question which is presented to us. I
understand the fact to be that for the last five
years we have paid annually, under exist-
ing law, the sum of $500,000 for transporting
ihe mails to and from China and Japan. I
have been for three years a member of this
House, and I do not now remember that at any
former session I have heard the cry of subsidy
raised against this enactment of Congress, or
against the appropriation made under it. We
have appropriated each year, when this Post
Office appropriation bill came up, the sum of
$500,000 for the purpose of carrying the mails
to China and Japan. We have heretofore
given this sum for the purpose of transporting
the mails once a month. It is now proposed
by this amendment to give $1,000,000 a year
and have the mails transported twice a month.
It is said because we propose now to pay
$1,000,000 and have the mails carried twice a
month, that this is a subsidy which is to enrich
the corporation or company which carries the
mails, and that we are building up a great cor-
poration at the expense of the Government of
the United States. Now, I have this to say in
answer to the gentlemen who cry out so much
against this as a subsidy: that it is no more
a subsidy now than it has been for the last five
years ; nor can the company be any more en-
riched by the transportation of the mails twice
a month for $1,000,000 than by their trans-
portation once a month for $500,000. That
proposition seems to me to be very clear, and
I have heard no answer to it, and believe it to
be correct.
Now, while I am in favor of this proposi-
tion, I do not commit myself to any other sim-
ilar proposition, nor do I believe I could be
induced to vote for any other that has been
presented to Congress ; and I will give you
briefly my reasons for it. "We have opened
commercial relations with China and Japan,
that section of the world which contains more
population than any other section of the world;
those countries look upon our country with
peculiar favor, and are anxious to cultivate
commercial relations with us more than with
any other nation. That I believe is conceded.
They have manifested their friendly disposition
toward us by sending their embassies first to
our country. We are, as I understand, mak-
ing a commercial treaty with Japan for the
purpose of still further extending our com-
merce with that country. The door is open
and the opportunity is given to us to step in and
enjoy a commerce with these countries, such
as will not be enjoyed by any other nation, or
perhaps by all the other nations of the world
together. The question with us is whether
wo will develop these relations, whether we
will oncourage this intercourse by an increase
of mail service, by running our steamships
twice a month, when now they go but once, or
whether we shall abandon it entirely. Now,
I think we ought to cultivate friendly re-
lations with these nations. If we desire to
maintain our commerce, there is no field in
the world that offers so fine an opportunity as
this.
Now, it is said this is a subsidy. Why, sir,
England subsidizes her linos of ships to the
same countries by paying them $2,600,000 a
year. It is said if we shall not increase our
payments and our steamship services, we will
get just as much commerce. Certainly no
sane man who will reflect for a moment upon
the subject will believe any such thing. Here
is England in active competition ; she is sub-
sidizing her lines; they are running rapidly,
making frequent trips to those countries in
order to gain the commerce of those countries.
Will not that service take that commerce from
us and carry it to Europe? Yet, if we will
but exercise that wisdom which we ought, we
might draw that commerce this way, where it
is naturally disposed to come, if we will but
take the means to secure it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Chairman, this is
another link being wrought in the chain which
is to bind the action of this House to that
triple monopoly, the Union Pacific railroad,
the_ Central Pacific railroad, and the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company. It remains for the
future to show whether there is moral courage
sufficient among the members of this House
to resist the steady and every-day increasing
attacks upon the public Treasury for illegiti-
mate and unjust purposes.
There are two ways of viewing this question ;
first, as a question of principle ; and second,
as a question of expediency. Under our system
of tariff and internal revenue the great mass
of the people contribute their quota toward
the revenues of the Government. Here to-
day you are seeking to divert that taxation
from the legitimate expenditures of the Gov-
ernment to the use and benefit of a few capi-
talists owning and controlling a vast monopoly.
My confidence is in the good sense of the mem-
bers of this House, and I hope they will throttle
this scheme at the threshold.
There are twenty other schemes behind this,
all recommended by the Secretary of the Navy,
and involving an expenditure of $30,000,000.
Once open the door, and you must keep it open
for all. You had far better listen to the cry
of the great mass of the people in behalf of an
economical government than to listen to the
soft words of these monopolists. There has
been an attempt here to argue in favor of this
scheme as a measure for the revival of Ameri-
can commercc. I deny it; subsidies never
will revive our commerce, but it must be re-
vived through the agency of natural causes.
I hold in my hand the proceedings and reso-
lutions of the National Board of Trade, pre-
sided over by one of the ablest and most
distinguished business men of my city, Mr.
Frederick Fraley. In those proceedings there
is not one -word about subsidies, no recom-
mendation of subsidies. They negative sub-
sidies as a means of restoring American ton-
nage, and tell you after mature deliberation
how you can revive American tonnage. It is
an argument not worthy of the American Con-
gress to tell you that a subsidy is going to
revive American commerce.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. .RANDALL. No, sir. I tell you that
if you give these $30,000,000 out of the Treas-
ury which is recommended for these monop-
olists, the result will be that you will be pre-
vented from placing tea upon the free list,
from placing coffee upon the free list, from
placing salt upon the free list. You will also
further make it necessary that the inquisito-
rial and infamous income tax shall not only
be continued, but reenacted.
Let us listen to the demands of the people.
They do not want you to waste their money.
I trust that at least this side of the House will
maintain its consistency and resist to the bit-
ter end the expenditure of one dollar for any
but a legitimate purpose.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PETERS. Mr. Chairman, I lise to
advocate the proposed subsidy as a mite
toward depressed American shipping, and
particularly to oppose the amendment of the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnswohtii,]
which in scope and spirit favors the doctrine
of allowing the purchase and registry of ships
without any taxation. Shall we allow the fiee
importation of ready-built vessels and at the
same time keep up the highest rates of duties
upon all articles which go into the construc-
tion of such vessels? Or, in other words, shall
the rich be enabled to buy, while the poor
shall not be enabled to build ? The doctrine
is_a clear and palpable discrimination in favor
of foreign and against American labor. It is
an invention to help the capitalist and to crush
out the business of the shipwrights, the arti-
sans, and laborers. Labor, mere labor, is an
immense portion of the value of a ship. While
one man may buy or own, it requires hun-
dreds of intelligent artisans and laborers to
construct and build, and the business of such
building supports as many families as it em-
ploys persons to build.
Ihe disasters to our ship-building and com-
merce have been on this floor too largely im-
puted to the ravages of the Alabama and
kindred cruisers. The loss of a considerable
portion of our ships during the late war would
naturally have encouraged and stimulated
ship-building after the war was over but for
