1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
863?
from the Committee on Pensions, and it will
take but very few minutes to act on the cases.
The first is House bill No. 2406, granting a
pension to Margaret Riley. It is a bill grant-
ing a pension to the widow of a soldier who
was drowned while on furlough. There was
no evidence sufficient in the estimation of the
Pension Office, on account of the want of a
surgeon's certificate; but the evidence of the
soldiers who were with him when he was
drowned satisfied the committee that the bill
was proper, and I ask for immediate action
on it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which is a direction to the Sec-
retary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations
of the pension laws, the name of Margaret
Riley, widow of Charles Riley, late private of
company B, twelfth regiment Kentucky volun-
teer cavalry, and to pay her a pension from
and after the passage of the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
MARTHA A. BROOKS.
Mr. LOGAN. The same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. 2402) grant-
ing a pension to Martha A. Brooks, have in-
structed me to report it, back without amend-
ment, and I ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which proposes to direct the
Secretary of the Interior to place on the pen-
sion-roll, subject to the provisions and limita-
tions of the pension laws, the name of Martha
A. Brooks, widow of John W. Brooks, late
sergeant in company I, sixty-ninth regiment
Ohio volunteers.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
ELIZABETH 0. NEILS.
Mr. LOGAN. I am also instructed by the
same committee to report back the^bill (H.
R, No. 2404) granting a pension to-Elizabeth
0. Neile, without amendment, and ask for
its present consideration. If any explanation
is desired of these cases, I will give it; but
unless an explanation is desired, I. will not
detain the Senate.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which provides for placing on
the pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of
Elizabeth 0. Neile, ■dependent, mother of John
0. Neile, late a private in company I, United
States mounted rifles.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
NATHAN MORGAN.
Mr. LOGrAN. I am also instructed by the
same cimmittee to report back without amend-
ment the bill (H. R. No. 1210) granting a pen-
sion to Nathan Morgan. I ask that it be put
on its passage.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee ot the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill, which proposes to place on the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and
limitations of the pension laws, the name of
Nathan Morgan, late a private in company I
of the fortieth regiment Iowa volunteer in-
fantry, to take effect from the passage of
the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
AMENDMENT TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. PRATT submitted an amendment in-
tended to be proposed by him to the bill(H.
R. No. 2208) making appropriations for the
repair, preservation, and completion of certain
public works in rivers and harbors, and for
other purposes; which was referred to the
Committee on Commerce, and ordered to be
printed.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. CALDWELL. I present the petition
of Durfee & Peck, asking leave to withdraw
their papers from the files of the Senate. I
desire to say that these papers are for an
additional claim on which the Committee on
Indian Affairs have reported adversely. I
do not know whether there is any rule that
ovftlnHoa tnoin
The VICE PRESIDENT. Where there is
an adverse report by a committee the rule
forbids the withdrawal of papers, but by
unanimous consent that rule may be waived
except that it is required to be stated from
the Chair that the claim has been reported
adverselv.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask pardon of the Chair.
The rule only provides that they shall not be
withdrawn for the sake of having them recom-
mitted.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no objection to
the order being made if copies are retained.
Mr. CALDWELL. I simply wanted to
state the facts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
accept the condition that copies shall be left?
Mr. CALDWELL. Yes, sir.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the leave will be granted to with-
draw the papers, on the condition stated. The
Cbair hears 110 objection.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. SAWYER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (8.
No. 1128) to establish a national university
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. SAWYER. I wish to say, in reference
to this bill, that I introduce it by request. It is
drawn by a gentleman who has given great at-
tention to the subject, but 1 dp not wish to be
understood as recommending it. I move that
the bill be referred to the Committee on Edu-
cation and Labor.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent, obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1129) to establish certain post routes;
which was lead twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1130) authorizing the Secretary of War to cor-
rect an Army officer's record ; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WRIGHT (by request, as he stated.)
asked, and by unanimous consent, obtained,
leave to introduce a bill {S. No. 1131) author-
izing the Secretary of War to correct an Army
officer's record ; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
Mr. ANTHONY asked, and by unauimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill_(S.
No. 1132) for the completion of the Medical
and Surgical History of the Rebellion; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. ALCORN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1133) to endow Reneau Female Uni-
versity and five normal schools in the State
of Mississippi; which was read twice by its
title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to he printed.
Mr. LOGAN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
1134) to authorize the construction of a draw-
bridge over the west channel of Detroit river
from Stoney Island to Gross Isle, and from
Gross Isle to the westerly bank of said river;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
Mr. VICKERS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1135) authorizing the First National
Bank of Annapolis to change its location and
name; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1130) to authorize the adoption of a
system of general regulations for the use of the
Army of the United States; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs.
Mr. KELLOGG asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1137) to define the limits of the col-
lection district of the Teche, in the State of
Louisiana, and for other purposes; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPORTIONMENT BILL.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill {H. R.
No. 1343) supplemental to an act entitled ''An
act for the apportionment of Representatives
to Congress among the several States accord-
ing to the ninth census."
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
It provides that from and after the 3d day of
March, 1873, the following States shall be en-
titled to one Representative each in the Con-
gress of the United Stales in addition to the
number apportioned to such States by the act
entitled "An act for the apporiioninent of
Representatives to Congress among the sev-
eral States according to the ninth ceusus,"
approved February 2, 1872, to wit: New
Hampshire, Vermont, New York, Pennsyl-
vania, Indiana, Tennessee, Louisiana, Ala-
bama, and Florida, and be elected by separate
districts, as in that act directed; but in the
election of Representatives to the Forty-Third
Congress, only, in any State which by this
law is given an increased number of Rep-
resentatives, the additional Representative
allowed to such State may be elected by the
State at large, unless the Legislature of the
State shall otherwise provide before the time
fixed by law for the election of Representa-
tives therein.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I give notice,
following the example of the Senator from
Vermont, that alter this bill is disposed of, I
shall desire to call up the bill in reference to
the transit of cattle.
Mr. CONKLING. I know that the Sen-
ator from Vermont and some other Senators
are interested, and naturally interested, iit 
this bill: and that makes it a very disagree-
able thing, as I say frankly, to offer any sug-
gestion which looks like opposition to it. £
am sure, however, it ought not to pass without
some attention being called to one or two of
the considerations involved in it. It gives to
the State of New York an additional Repre-
sentative, and that fact will. I suppose, exon-
erate me from any local or selfish feeling in
objecting to it, because I believe one Repre-
sentative is all that any State receives under
this bill. Of course, it involves an increase
of the number of Representatives m the House,
a question more important to the House than
to us, and this is a House bill. The House
has passed upon that question, and I say noth-
ing about it.
Nor will I say at this moment, not having
expected the bill to be moved at this time, any-
thing save in regard to one single matter, antl
to illustrate that 1 will take the attitude of
legislation in the State of New York. The
Legislature of that State has redistrieted^ re-
formed the districts m the Stale of New York
to conform to the apportionment bill as adopted
by this very Congress recently. The Governor
