1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1845
other causes. Sir, the great weight which now
oppresses that great and noble enterprise are
the enormous rates of tariff now imposed upon
all the imported articles which enter into the
construction of vessels. While the present
rates of tariff help manufactures of all other
kinds, it hurts the manufacture of ships. Our
system protects labor in one enterprise and
virtually kills it in another. The condition of
ship-building in Maine is well exhibited by the
picture of industry on the river St. Croix,
which divides the eastern boundary of my
State from the province of New Brunswick.
The distance ot a stone's throw only is be-
tween us and them. While they are building
a goodiy number of vessels we are building
none. Not the sound of a hammer is heard
on our side of the national line ; and this is
because they can have all the building mate-
rials at half the cost to us. The tariff—yes,
sir, the tariff—however necessary and benefi-
cent in its general bearings, presses with
particular misfortune and severity upon the
ship-building of Maine.
What shall the remedy be ? Anything will
be acceptable, whether drawbacks upon duties,
or subsidies, or whatever else. There is no time
now for a discussion upon this question ; but
my own opinion is that the most reasonable and
the fairest mode of relieving this exceptional
misfortune arising out of our mode and rates
of taxation will be a remission of duties now
required to be paid. If there is a distress,
then remove the direct cause of such distress.
If there is a hand at our throat, it is no time
to attempt to swallow medicines for our restora-
tion, but strike off the hand that holds us down.
I oppose the free importation of iron ships
because I would oppose the free importation
of those built of wood. Many gentlemen seem
10 suppose that we are no longer to have
wooden ships. But, sir, they have not yet
been, and never will be, superseded by iron
aud steam. There will be room and business
for both kinds of structure; but the one enter-
prise will not be destroyed by the other, any
more than labor has been made useless by the
invention and use of machinery. The costly
cargoes which must be expeditiously carried
will to a large extent be transported by steam.
In all other freights the iron steamer will find
a formidable competitor in the craft built of
wood. A wooden vessel propelled by use of
sails can in this country be built cheaper
than iron, lives much longer, can be fitted
and sailed at infinitely less cost, can carry
kinds of cargoes in the warmer climates which
an iron vessel cannot touch, and in other
respects have superior chances for success in
the commerce of the seas.
Mr. Chairman, I shall vote for an increase
of this subsidy .for Carrying the transpacific
mails because the proposition is a step at least
toward an effort for the revival of American
shipping, and is a recognition of the prayer
that something should be done. I feel justified
m it for the same reason that we grant draw-
backs for the relief of Chicago destroyed by
lire; expend money for the encouragement
of manufactures; the extension of education;
the improvement of our rivers and harbors ;
and for all the great national internal improve-
ments which have already made our country
one of the foremost of the world. I recog-
nize this as an exceptional case needing relief.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MERRICK. Mr. Chairman, the motto
of my State, "Increase and multiply," calls
upon me in its just interpretation to promote
industry, to foster agriculture, to favor com-
merce. Recognizing fully that principle, I
am in favor of everything which tends to
develop commerce or any other interest of the
country. But these interests must be pro-
moted in the right way. They must be pro-
moted according to the Constitution and laws,
and within the restraints which equal justice
should impose upon all. 1 recognize that
under the Constitution the proper mode of
fostering commerce is to open harbors, to re-
move the obstructions in rivers, to create
breakwaters where they are necessary, to erect
piers where commerce requires them. But
such pleasures, Mr. Chairman, are to my mind
entirely different from a proposition to grant
subsidies. This proposition is one providing
for speciaHnterests, givingspecial patronage,
while the line of legitimate protection to which
I have alluded scatters benefits alike upon all,
as the rain of heaven falls alike upon the just
and the unjust.
Sir, I am in favor of uo hot-house mode
of promoting the commerce of this country.
If it cannot stand by its own energies, let it
perish; that should be the sentiment of every
American. Let the commerce of the coun-
try develop itself. Sir, the commerce of the
country has not perished; it never will perish.
The pretext made on the other side is that
our Atlantic commerce has perished, that the
cross of St. George has driven the stars and
stripes from the Atlantic ocean, and that we
must now do what we can to build up our
commerce on the Pacific. That very argument
is the reason with me why I should oppose
this subsidy. I am not in favor of fleeing
before the flag of St. George. I would turn
back and meet St. George upon the Atlantic
ocean and fight him there in noble and just
competition.
Mr. DICKEY. What would he fight him with ?
Mr. MERRICK. I would fight him in noble
and just'competition, as we fought him. before.
We fought him upon the Atlantic in 1812, and
the Guerriere went down before the Constitu-
tion manned by generous hearts ; and I have
no doubt so again will the commerce of St.
George go down before the stars and stripes
when we meet it in equal competition upon the
Atlantic.
Let us meet the commerce of Great Britain
fairly, according to the true laws of trade.
Let us have no mercenary commerce. Sooner
than have a mercenary commercial nation, let
us not have a commercial nation at all. If we
have fallen into such poor repute as that we
require a subsidy of $500,000 a year to main-
tain our commerce before the world, then let
us reject that subsidy. The moment that deg-
radation is seen, there is sense, manhood,
energy enough in the American heart to apply
the proper remedy. I am in favor of an ap-
propriation for the commerce of this country,
but I am not in favor of promoting the com-
merce of this country by any hireling meas-
ures, any special favor3 like this.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MOORE. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman from Maryland whether he would be
in favor of reducing the tariff on coal?
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has expired.
Mr. CARROLL. Mr. Chairman, it seems
to me that this discussion has wandered wide
of the real question before the House. This
appropriation is in no just or proper sense a
subsidy. What are the facts? Some years ago,
after the expenditure of millions of dollars,
a direct railroad communication between the
Atlantic and the Pacific oceans for the trans-
portation both of passengers and the mails was
completed. It became necessary then to securc
one of the main objects of building the rail-
road to establish a direct line of communica-
tion by steamer between San Francisco and
China and Japan. The Government for that
purpose entered into a contract with this steam-
ship company, to carry the mails between San
Francisco, China, and Japan once a month,
for $500,000 a year. That was the first and
is now the only direct line of communication
between these places, and is traversed in two
weeks less time than any other. After a trial
of nearly four years it has proved so advanta-
geous that it is now proposed to increase the
facilities of this communication and have the
mails carried semi-monthly instead of monthly
over this the most direct and the shortest line,
and the amendment is to double the appro-
priation for this proposed increase of the mail
service on that line. It will incidentally greatly
facilitate and increase travel and commere.e,
but it cannot for that reason be legitimately
called a subsidy. On how many tnail routes
in the country under the contracts with the
Government are the mails required to be carried
by four-horse stage-coaches when they could
be parried by a single horse. This is done to
facilitate the travel and open communication
through the country. Will the opponents of
this amendment call that subsidizing stage-
coaches?
[Here the hammer fell.]
The CHAIRMAN. The hour of four o'clock
having arrived, all debate is now terminated
by order of the House.
Mr. BECK. I move that the committee do
now rise. There arc half a dozen men on
this side who want to speak.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Kentucky does not want, of course, that
the House shall act in bad faith. It was the
clear and plain understanding in the House
this morning that the vote should be taken at
four o'clock this afternoon.
Mr. BECK. I was in the Committee of
Ways and Means at the time.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That was the
understanding clearly expressed.
Mr. BECK. That being so, then I withdraw
the motion that the committee rise.
The CHAIRMAN. The first question is on
the amendment of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Crocker,] which will be read
by the Clerk.
The Clerk read as follows;
Provided, In the event of war the vossels of the
line may be taken possession of by the United States
Government, for the exclusive use and service of
the United States, subject, however, to such remun-
eration and pay for the same as said Government
shall deem just and equitable.
Mr. SARGENT. I have an addition to the
amendment offered by the gentleman from.
Massachusetts, [Mr. Crockek,] which, I be-
lieve, is satisfactory to that gentleman.
Mr. CROCKER. I have seen the additiou
proposed by the gentleman from California,
[Mr. Sabgbst,] andagree to modify my amend-
ment accordingly.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Crocker,] as modified at the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from California, [Mr.
Saugent.]
The Clerk read as follows:
Provided, In the event of war the vessels of tilo
line may be taken possession of by the United States
Government for the exclusive use aud service of tho
United States, subject, however, to such remunera-
tion andpay for thesameas shall be,agreed upon by
two appraisers to bo appointed, one by the Presi-
dent of the United States, and one by the contract-
ors, and in case of disagreement, the President of
the United States to appoint an umpire, who shall
fix the value.
The committee divided; and the amendment
was agreed to—ayes 90, noes 5(i.
The CHAIRMAN. Tho question recurs
on the substitute of the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farxsworth] for the amendment
of the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr. Con-
ger,] as now amended by the adoption of the
amendment of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Crocker.]
Mr. FARNSWORXH. Let the paragraph
be reported as it will read if my substitute be
adopted, as now amended.
The Clerk read as follows:
For steamship service between San Praneisco,
Japan, and China, $500,000: Provided, That tho
steamship company shall perform the service semi-
monthly, and may perform the said service in ships of
foreign construction: And provided further, Tn the
event of war the vessels of the lino may betaken pos-
session of by the United States Government for tho
exclusive use and service of the United States, sub-
ject, however, to sach remuneration and pay for the
same as shall be agreed upon by two appraisers to
be appointed, one by the President of tho United
States, and ono by the contractors, and in ease of
disagreement the President of the United States to
appoint an umpire, who shall fix the value.
