APPENDIX
TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Political Disabilities—Mr. Morrill.
Senaie.
Political Disabilities.
SPEECH OF HON. LOT M.MORRILL,
of maine,
In the Senate op the United States,
January 25, 1872.
The Senate having under consideration the bill
(h. r. No. 380) for the removal of legal and political
disabilities imposed by the third section of the four-
teenth article of amendments to tho Constitution of
the United States—
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, said:
Mr. President: The proposition before the
Senate in its present attitude, as I understand
it, is twofold, on a bill and on an amendment.
The bill standing by itself contemplates the
removal of political disabilities from cer-
tain citizens who, by their own conduct, have
iallen under the ban of the Government.
The amendment proposes to give certain
"accommodations, privileges, facilities, and
advantages," to certain other citizens of the
United States in the institutions and private
corporations of the States. The bill invokes
in its behalf an express provision of the Con-
stitution in aid of privileges which are com-
mon to citizens of the United States. The
amendment invokes an implication of some
principle or provision of the Constitution some-
where, or an implication arising from the gen-
eral fitness of things possibly, to enable it to
invade the domiciliary rights of the citizens
of a State ; and hence I have found it pos-
sible, against all my inclinations to partici-
pate very briefly in this debate, confessing, as
I do, that my chief interest relates to the
amendment.
One word, in the first place, as to the bill,
the question of amnesty. I have been accus-
tomed from the beginning to think that am-
nesty—not universal, but general amnesty—
was with us, is now, and from the beginning
has been, a matter of public necessity; a neces-
sity so exigent that it at once became a public
duty; and, of course, being a duty growing out
of such public necessity, none of us need feel
that it is likely to pass into history with the
•taint of a bad example.
Now, as to this proposition of amnesty as a
public necessity, I hold that it grows out of
the principles on which this nation conducted
the war against the rebellion, and the policy of
that war. If we had chosen to put the con-
duct of the war upon different principles the
result would have been different; but we chose
to put the policy of the war and the conduct
of the war on principles which involved the
absolute disability of twelve million peo-
ple, citizens of the United States; and more,
the absolute overthrow and subversion of the
governments of eleven States.^ We held that
although these people were citizens, and en-
titled while conducting themselves as citizens,
'to the privileges and immunities of citizenship,
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 1.
including that of protection, when they had
resolved upon conspiracy and insurrection, and
that had broken out into armed rebellion, and
become general war, we had a right to declare
them a public enemy, and treat them as a public
enemy. Prosecuting the war upon this ground,
necessarily, at the surrender, these twelve mil-
lion people, formerly citizens, were subjects
in a state of total civil and political disability,
without the right of protection from the Gov-
ernment of the United States. Besides that,
as I have already said, the operation of this
principle and this conclusion of the war, dis-
astrous to them, prosperous to us, had left
these States in a perfect state of disorganiza-
tion. -
How were they to be relieved from that con-
dition of affairs? The first step toward recon-
struction or reorganization of course was to
qualify somebody to act. The first step there-
fore was amnesty. Accordingly, the President
of the United States issued his proclamation
of amnesty to enable the people to reorganize
governments in the insurrectionary States.
But, sir, whether you regard the public neces-
sity one of organizing the States, or one of
qualifying these people to participate therein,
amnesty at the surrender, at the conclusion
of the war, was the great political, civil, and,
I may say as well, moral necessity of the
nation.
Therefore, on these grounds, there never
was a question about general amnesty; and
without dwelling upon these points, everybody
will see that our whole history and the con-
duct of the executive Government and Con-
gress have been precisely in harmony with this
general proposition. The President's proc-
lamation was broad enough as a basis of
qualification for reorganizing these States.
Congress, you remember, was a little more
liberal, and its policy was broad enough for
reconstruction, as it was supposed.
The question, therefore, as it comes to us
to-day, Mr. President, is not a question of
general amnesty at all. That question has been
settled. The only question now is, whether,
having done so much as Congress already has
under this provision of the Constitution in the
way of removing these disabilities, we will pass
a bill which shall be less than universal, and
yet so general as that we are willing to allow
the balance to stand, and thus put an end to
further bills in individual cases on this subject.
For myself, I have come to that conclusion.
I have been able to come to that conclusion
all the more readily from the fact that the Pres-
ident has deemed it consistent with the public
interest to commend it, and more especially
from the factthat a committee of our own body
whose duty it has been to examine into the con-
dition of affairs in those State, report that it
would be not only to the advantage ol the South,
but for the best interests of the nation at large.
I dismiss this part of the subject with these
remarks.
I advert now to the amendment proposea
by the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Scmner.] The first remark I make in regard
to that proposition is, that I do not think it
properly here. The Senator will pardon me
for saying as much; but for two .reasons this
proposition ought not, in any fair parliamentary
sense, to be submitted on this bill. In the first
place it invokes the absurdity of the applica-
tion of different rules of legislation in the same
measure which proposes to amend a bill by a
majority vote which requires a two-thirds vote
to pass.
Moreover, the amendment, in substance and
identity a bill upon your Calender, is not com-
mended by any committee of this body. What
are our committees for? For the investigation
of matters in a way that we know cannot be
done in open Senate. The Senate has a Com-
mittee on tho Judiciary, composed of men of
eminent legal attainments, for the considera-
tion of questions of this complexion. This
proposition does not come here, allow me to
say, with the commendation of that commit-
tee, if it has been to that committee at all;
and I shrewdly suspect that it has; nay, I
think I am authorized to say it has been to
that committee, and it is certain that it did
not come out of it with its recommendation.
I submit that for that consideration the Senate
oughtnotto entertain a proposition so delicate
and so important in its constitutional relations.
But, Mr. President, of course all this does
not touch, nor does any of it touch the groat
question involved in this proposition; and it
is to that phase of the subject that for a few
moments I invite the attention of the Senate;
and that is, the question of authority in the
Constitution to pass this measure. What are
the sources of power, in what especial pro-
vision of the Constitution shall we find the au-
thority for such a measure? And, sir, allow
me to say that we shall not find it in the princi-
ples of the Declaration of Independence, com-
mended to us so eloquently by the Senator from
Massachusetts. The Declaration of Independ-
ence is a pervading and all-powerful influence;
nay, sir, an inspiration; it should inspire us
to patriotic endeavor wherever its principles
are brought in question ; but, after all, it is
but an influence ; it is not a grant of power ;
nor is it an authority in the Constitution;
nor is it in any sense a warrant for legisla-
tive action; nor are any of those grand and
sublime doctrines which the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts has so eloquently por-
trayed here. "The general fitness of things"
does not authorize us to do a thing here ques-
tionable in the Constitution; and an appeal to
the moral forces of the age should not be suf-
ficient to justify the action of a Senator when
action under the Constitution is in question.
N one of these things should move us at all.
If" the Senator from Massachusetts cannot put
his finger on the provision of the Constitu-
tion which warrants this measure, these impas-
