APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 25,
Senate.
Political Disabilities—Mr. Morrill.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
sioned appeals to these high considerations
should have no weight and no force upon us at
all. What is written in the Constitution which
gives us the warrant for what you propose?
That is the question, and that alone.
I am aware that the memory of great achieve-
ments is often invoked in bodies acting by a
written authority, and here now we are told
that the principles of the Declaration of Inde-
pendence and the doctrine of the " equality of
all men before the law" should prompt us.
So they should; but prompt us to what?
Prompt us to very great diligence? Prompt
us to violate the Constitution of our country?
No. Prompt us to venture so much as to
hazard its infringement? No. That is no
remedy at all. If it is desirable for the Gov-
ernment of the United States to invade the
domestic domain of the people of the States
in their domestic and social1 relations which
the honorable Senator undoubtedly thinks
it is, there is a way to do it without viola-
ting the Constitution of the United States.
Let the voice of the Senator from Massachu-
setts ring through the land for an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States to
give him the,authority he invokes here, and
not persuade us by the memory of deeds and
events of other times to violate an instrument
which we are sworn to protect, in defense
of which the American peoplehave so recently
poured out so freely of their blood and treasure.
Why, Mr. President, I suppose no people
on earth, in their devotion to principle and
loyalty to conscience, surpassed the Puritans
of New England, and when they came to this
country, they came to serve God, and with the
Book of God in their hands as their guide and
rule of conduct, and they intended to live and
die by it; but they did not find it quite ade-
quateto the dutic8 of civil government. When
they signed that civil compact on board the
Mayflower they were not ignorant of the laws
of Moses, which were sufficient for their guid-
ance as individuals; but they did not forget
that, with them even, the text " He that steal-
eth a man shall surely bo put to death" was
not law in their new relations, unless they
chose to reSnact it.
But, Mr. President, I turn now to those pro-
visions of the Constitution upon which I under-
stand the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts in a general way to rely. To be sure, my
friend has not allowed himself to be committed
to any particular provision of the Constitution.
He very prudently and skillfully reserves the
benefit ot the entire powers and body of the
Constitution to fall back upon; but if I can
trace through his speeches the sources of the
authority for his bill, they grow principally out
of the recent thirteenth and fourteenth amend-
ments. Let us consider, in the first place,
what changes those amendments have made in
the general constitution of the country. I
know an opinion has gone abroad, to some
extent from this Chamber, that most extraor-
dinary changes have been made in the fund-
amental powers of the Government by those
amendments, and I think in thiswise; first,
it is said that the amendments have made a very
marked change in the matter of citizenship ;
that citizenship is not now what it was before
the fourteenth amendment was adopted ; that
now citizenship isgeneral in the United States :
there is a United States citizenship which there
was not before ; and now, underthe fourteenth
amendment, it is said that a citizen of the
United States is a citizen also of the State as
well. It is said that by these two provisions
put together, general citizenship of the Uni-
ted States and all the citizens being citizens
not only of the United States but of the State,
great powers have been given thereby to Con-
gress over the rights and privileges of the citi-
zens of the several States.
Now, Mr. President, let us examine that
doctrine for a moment. I contest both those
propositions. I contend that in this respect
these amendments have made no change what-
ever in the organic'law; it is simply a dec-
laration of what the law always was. As such,
in these respects, they evolve a political truism.
The law always was so since the Constitution
of the United States was formed, and in the
nature of things it was so. Whatever the law
might have been prior to the formation of the
Constitution of the United States, since that
time there has been one general citizenship,
and we have all of us, who were citizens of the
State at the adoption of the Constitution and
since, been citizens of the United States. Was
that not so? Was there ever a time when it
was otherwise? Why, sir, is that a proposi-
tion which needs to be argued? How other-
wise could government be instituted? What
is implied in government? What is a body-
politic? A body-politic is a government.
What is involved in that? Citizenship, mem-
bership, and membership is citizenship. There-
fore, when the Government of the United
States under the Constitution was organized
by the citizens of the several States and made
a Government, there you had a general citi-
zenship, a general citizenship to a general
intent. That is a matter to be examined by
and by. But so far as the Government of the
United States was concerned every citizen in
the whole land was made a cit'zen of the
United States, and became a citizen of the
United States by the inherent force and
energy of that act itself. Accordingly, all
through this Constitution you will find that in
order to enable anybody to participate in pub-
lic affairs he must he a citizen of the United
States. A person to be qualified to be a Sen-
ator must have been a citizen of the United
States a certain period of time, and so of a
Representative, and so of all the officers of
the Government to whom either political or
judicial trusts were to be given ; they were all
required to be citizens of the United States.
Now, what is the fourteenth amendment?
I will read it:
"All persons born or naturalized in. the United
States, and subject to the jurisdiction thereof, are
citizens of the United States and of the State wherem
they reside."
Is that a new proposition ? Does that give any
new force and energy to this Constitution?
Does that invest any man with any right or
any privilege which he had not before? It is
simply the enunciation of a grand fact under-
lying our institutions, that all native-born per-
sons within and subject to our jurisdiction
have been citizens of the United States since
this Government was organized under this
Constitution ; and of course, if that is the true
interpretation of our history, then it adds
nothing in the way of legislative authority
or legislative power to the Congress of the
United States.
On the other branch, it is said that they are
not only citizens of the United States, but they
are citizens of the State in which they reside
as well. That was always so. I Know this
amendment says so ; but it has no force at all,
nor does it change the fact, the general political
and judicial fact, that it was always so. You,
Mr. President, being a citizen ot the United
States, when you go to reside in a State, are a
citizen of that State, not by force of the four-
teenth amendment, but by force of the general
fact of your citizenship. So it always was.
Now, if there were any necessity for authority
on this subject, there is plenty of it at hand—
judicial authority.
Mr. POMBROY. I would not like to inter-
rupt the Senator; but he belittles this thing
so that I want to inquire why he voted for this
amendment of the Constitution and insisted on
having the Constitution amended if it did not
accomplish anything?
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I would not,
like to have the Senator belittle me while I
am on this argument. I think I can see why
this might be voted for. I will come to that
by and by, if the Senator will excuse me. Hiss
inquiry does not lie in the line of my argument
at this moment.
Mr. President, is this so ? Before the four-
teenth amendment, was it law, had itever been
judicially determined, that a citizen of the
United States was necessarily, when he came
to reside in a State, a citizen of that State? I
maintain that it was, and that there is plenty
of judicial authority upon the subject. It is
res adjudicata, not an open question any way.
Chief Justice Marshall so declared it. I will
not say of him as a learned divine once said
when quoting from St. Paul, "I know it is not
in the record, but I know he must have said
it;" but in this case I know that Chief Justice
Marshall did say it, and my friends who take
an interest in this subject may find the decis-
ion in 6 Peters, where the question of a natu-
ralized citizen was brought before the court.
Exceptions had been taken to an indictment
that the party was only alleged to have been
a naturalized citizen resident in the State of
Missouri, and the objection was that it was
not alleged that therefore he was a citizen
of the State, because the argument was that
being a citizen only of the United States and
simply resident in that State, it would not
follow that the State had adopted him, and
therefore it would not follow that he was a
citizen of that State. But Chief Justice Mar-
shall held that, being a citizen of the United
States and resident iti a State, he was neces-
sarily a citizen of that State.
So, Mr. President, my honorable friend from
Massachusetts will find no authority, no addi-
tional power, no force or vigor whatever, which
authorizes him to presume anything from this
proposition in the fourteenth amendment. I
believe his amendment was originally a bill
entitled "An act supplementary to an act to
protect all persons in their civil rights," and
of course the honorable Senator supposed that
he might draw upon the sources of that bill
for his authority. That requires us to look to
the sources of that bill for authority. Now,
what are they? It must be remembered that
the civil rights bill was passed anterior to the
fourteenth amendment, and of course does not
rest in that. Where did that bill get its author-
ity ? I turn aside here simply to remark that
so far as the fourteenth amendment is con-
cerned in its declaration, it is identical wi.h
the declaration of the civil rights bill; and
having the latter at hand I will read it to shotv
its identity. I read now from the civil rights
bill of 1866:
"All persona born in the United States, and not
subject to the jurisdiction of any foreign Power,
(excluding Indians not taxed,) are hereby declared
citizens of the United States." *
That is identical with the provision of the
fourteenth amendment. "All persons born
in the United States are citizens of the United
States." Was that law then? By what author-,
ity prior to the adoption of the fourteenth
amendment did we make that declaration in
the law? If there is force in the fourteeenth
amendment in this regard, if the fourteenth
amendment was necessary to invest this citi-
zenship in the native-born citizen, where, I
ask again, was the authority for this law of
1806? Of course it was outside the amend-
ment. Where was it? It resided in that gen-
eral principle to which I have adverted, the
general principle that the Constitution of the
United States invested at its adoption every
native-born citizen in all the States with the
general characteristic of citizenship. It was
no new doctrine, and I remember well, when
that bill was reported to the Senate by the
honorable Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trum-
