2742
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,1
relations and friends, and believed by the offi-
cers of our Government in Cuba. There is no
fact shown of this character. He cannot be-
come under the Spanish law a Spanish subject
except by taking the oath of allegiance. If
he were a Spanish subject, if he had taken the
oath of allegiance to Spain, our case would
have been abandoned. But, sir, there is
nothing to show that he ever did take any such
oath of allegiance. Everything, on the con-
trary, is in the opposite direction—that he never
did take any such oath of allegiance to Spain
and never renounced his allegiance to the Uni-
ted States.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. How long has'
he resided there?
Mr. BANKS.- Since 1843-14. Upon re-
ceiving his diploma in medicine he went to
Cuba. He was graduated at the Jefferson
Medical College, in the city of Philadelphia,
in 1843, and went to Cuba in the succeeding
year, 1844.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in the West India islands
belonging to European Powers the authority to
naturalize is generally vested in the sovereign
or regulated by local law :
" In the isJand of Cuba, by the Spanish ordinance
of October 21,1817, the captain general may grant
letters of license for domiciliation to all residentfor-
eigners, upon their taking an oath of fidelity and
submission to the law."
It does not appear this has been done in this
case.
" These letters entitle them to hold real and per-
sonal property, and to the same protection in their
person and property as Spanish subjects.
" But for the first five years of domiciliation they
cannot engage in trade, open a shop, or become
owners of ships or vessels, unless in partnership
with Spanish subjects. After five years of domicil-
iation they can become naturalized. They must
prosent their original letter of license to the captain
general,( ;.nd avow their intention to make the
island their perpetual residence; and if it appear,
after due inquiry by thcGoverrirnent, thatthey have
resided constantly on the island for fire years, and
are of good moral character, letters of naturaliza-
tion are granted to them after they have sworn
fidelity to the Roman Catholic religion, to the
Crown, and to the laws, and renounced all foreign
allegiance to and every privilege received from any
other Government. When thus naturalized they and
their legitimate heirs and descendants acquire all
the rights and privileges and are placed upon the
same footing as natural-born subjects. The pro-
vision. however, in respect to naturalization, though
:.tiil in full force, has become practically a dead
letter, as natives enjoy but few privil eges which res-
ident or domiciled foreigners do not possess.
"In Hay ti the code of I860 requires a declaration
under oath before a justice of the peace renouncing
allegiance to every other Government. Iu Mexico,
two years'residence and one year's previous declar-
ation ot intention are required. Colonists iu Mex-
ico who settlo new lands can be naturalized a year
after they settle, upon taking the oath of allegiance.
In Brazil, naturalization is effected by joint reso-
lution of both chambers and the approval of the
emperor. In Peru and Chili, five years' residence
and a declaration on oath are necessary. In the
Central American States aliens are naturalized by
legislative act; in Costa Rica, by the president of
the republic, upon a renunciation of previous na-
tional allcgiance. In Honduras naturalization is
obtained from the Legislature; in San Salvador, by
acquiring real estate and residence of five years, or
marrying a Salvadorian woman and residence of
three years, or naturalization by the Legislature. In
most of the States of CentralAmericanaturalization
is granted by the Legislature."
There is nothing to show that Dr. Hou-
ard ever took even the oath of fidelity to the
Government of Spain, although we cheerfully
admit that he was bound to observe the laws
of the Government where he lived.
Mi-. PERRY, of Ohio. Is there anything
to show he has not?
Mr. BANKS. That is for the Spanish Gov-
ernment to show. They have the record and
show nothing on that point. There is noth-
ing in the whole record to show that he ever
did take an oath of allegiance to the Spanish
Government. If there is any such record the
Spanish Government has that record and can
show it, but it never yet has done so. His
own statement is against the fact.
Mr. PERRY, of Ohio. Having resided there
so long as it appears that man has, is it not
incumbent upon him to prove he was not a
citizen, instead of incumbent on Spain to show
that fact ?
Mr. BANKS. We so hold. " If the Spanish
Government administers justice according to
law, he is subject to the judgments of their tri-
bunals ; but they have no right to try him for any
offense in a manner different from that to which
other men are subject. I have only this to say
in this connection: we claim that Dr. Houard,
if a domiciled resident, would be obliged to
obey the laws of the Spanish Government in
Cuba, and if he did not he would be subject
to punishment by the established judicial tri-
bunals of the country. But he has not been
so tried and so punished as other subjects ot
Spain are. He has been tried by a court-mar-
tial under military laws, when there was no
war and no necessityfor resorting to this "ex-
traordinary tribunal.'' And we say that under
the treaty of 1795 he is entitled to the protec-
tion of the Government in that regard, and
that it should demand of the Spanish Govern-
ment the release of Dr. Houard or a justifica-
tion of his detention under the provisions of
the treaty of 1795, and upon the principles of
international law recognized by all civilized
States.
We say, then, in the words of the resolution
reported from the committee, that the facts of
the case show—
First, that said Houard was a native-born citizen of
the United States; second, that he never renounced
his allegiance assuch citizen, but,on the contrary, has
claimed to be, and has been enrolled by the officers
of the Government of the United States as a citizen
of the United States; third, that it is not shown by
any form of proof that he ever became, by any act, a
subject or citizen of tho Government of Spain; and
that his trial, sentence, and punishment have been
in disregard and violation of his undoubted rights
as a citizen of the United States, [residing in Cuba,]
under the Constitution and laws thereof, and the
treaty of October 27,1795, between the United States
and Spain.
And under this stale of facts we recommend
that the President be authorized to demand
on the part of this Government his release.
We submit the question on this statement for
the decision of the House, with full confidence
in the justice of its judgment.
I have now the honor to yield to my col-
| league on the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
| the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Ambler.]
1 How much time does my colleague desire to
i occupy ?
I Mr. AMBLER. I shall occupy as little
time as I possibly can. I shall not require, I
think, more than half an hour in any event.
Mr. BANKS. I would notdesire to restrict
the time of my colleague except with the view
of bringing the discussion within as close
limits as possible. I hold possession of the
floor until my colleague has finished his re-
marks.
Mr. AMBLER. I would have been very
glad, indeed, to have avoided a discussion of
this question this afternoon, as I do not feel
entirely confident that I shall be able to make
myself understood by the House, on account
ofa feeling of indisposition and lack of strength.
The question which ip presented here for
the consideration of the House is, as I sup-
pose, not one as to the manner in which the
Spanish Government conducts affairs in the
island of Cuba generally. I have no contro-
versy with the distinguished gentleman, the
chairman of the committee, who has just ad-
dressed the House upon that subject. I shall
not undertake any discussion with him as to
the propriety or impropriety in themselves of
the proceedings which have been had in con-
nection with this ease of Dr. Houard, but shall
confine myself to what I conceive to be the
only question which is presented to us for
consideration and determination.
And that, in my judgment, is the question,
was Dr. Houard, at the time o'f his seizure by
the Government of Spain in the island of Cuba,
a citizen of the United States of America? If
he was, then, sir, I concede that there has
been a violation of his rights as a citizen of
the United States in the manner of his trial for
his supposed offense. And it is certain that
under the treaty of 1795 the Spanish Govern-
ment was bound to furnish to this Govern-
ment a copy of the record of those proceed-
ings, which they have failed to do, and in that
regard have violated their obligations under
that treaty. I have no controversy with the
chairman of the committee as to that.
There has been a very considerable appear- - 'i
ance of excitement, especially on the other
side of the House, in the preliminary contro- .
versy which occurred immediately before the
commencement of this discussion, as to the
rights of this citizen of the United States.
Now, sir, my own convictions upon the sub-
ject are that citizenship has not only its rights
but its duties ; that a man who claims the pro-
tection of thig Government owes some duties
to the Government; and that this is not a case
which appeals to us with so much force as gen-
tlemen would have us suppose, when we take
into consideration the fact that, according to
the proof in the.case, from 1843 until now Dr.
Houard has never placed his foot on the soil
of this country, and has never in any manner
assumed to have any duty, or discharged any
duty as to the Government of the United States.
During our recent war, if he was a citizen of
the United States domiciled in Cuba, he had
or might have some duties. That he took a
single step to discharge any such duty is not
pretended.
Now, what are the facts in the ease? This
gentleman is the son of Louis Houard, who
was a native of Yerdonet, in France, immi-
grated to this country about the end of the
eighteenth century, and in 1803 was natural-
ized a citizen of the United States in one of
the courts of Philadelphia. He married here,
and in 1815 John E. Houard was born a
citizen of the United States in the city of
Philadelphia ; so that as to the first propo-
sition stated in the resolution reported by the
committee I have no controversy whatever. He
was a n^'ive-born citizen of the United States
of America, In 1820 or 1821 or 1822, when
he? '-a-j a mere boy, his father emigrated to
Cuba, and settled in the neighborhood of what
is now Cienfuegos, where, as appears by the
records here, and as to that there is no dis-
pute, he settled as a colonist, and as a col-
onist received from the Government of Spain
lands in that neighborhood for himself, his
wife, and each of his children. I do not think
that there will be any discussion as to this
proposition, that in his minority he was inca-
pable of acquiring a domicile for himself, that
his domicile followed that of his father, and
that if his father then lost by that emigration
his rights as a citizen of the United States,
the child who was taken with him also lost
his rights. I say I do not think that any gen-
tleman upon the floor of this House, certainly
no lawyer, will be inclined to dispute this prop-
osition. Now, then, Louis Houard, the father,
remained there till the time of his death in
1826. There is no pretense that he ever came
back to the United States, or ever intended to.
He died there in 1826, and the mother and
family remained there. I wish to say to gen-
tlemen upon the committee who entertain
different views that I am endeavoring to stale
this case as they claim it, that I am endeavor-
ing to avoid every disputed proposition in it.
For some reason it seems to be regarded of
'mportance that this man should have attained
his majority in this country, and accordingly
there are some loose statements that he was
here in 1836, when he attained his majority.
I concede the correctness of that statement, as
there is no contradiction on the subject. He
came to this country, then, as is admitted, and
if I do not state the case correctly I will be
glad to be corrected now. He came to this
country in 1836 or some time before that, for
the purpose of obtaining an education, and be-
came a student at a university or college in
Philadelphia, remaining there until 1843, when,
upon the 10th of October, he graduated as a
Doctor of Medicine.
The next thing we know of him is that he
