1846
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 20,
The question being taken 011 Mr. Farns-
worth's amendment, there were—ayes 60,
noes 91.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Farnsworth
and Mr. Conger were appointed.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 68, noes 95.
So the amendment offered by Mr. Farns-
worth was disagreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Conger's
amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
that amendment byadding the following addi-
tional proviso:
And provided further, Thatsaid line of steamships
shall carry the United States mail without further
compensation than this subsidy.
Mr. SARGENT. I suggest to the gentle-
man to substitute the word ''appropriation"
for the word "subsidy."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I accept that modi-
fication.
The question being taken on Mr. Farns-
worth's amendment, as modified, it was
agreed to.
The CHAIRMAN. The question recurs
011 the amendment of the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Conger,] as amended. It
will be agam reported as amended.
The Clerk read as follows:
After the word "China," strike out "$500,000"
and insert the following:
One million dollars: Provided, That the steam-
ship company shall perform said service semi-
monthly in ships of American construction: And
provided further. In the event of war, the vessels
of the lino may bo taken possession of by the Uni-
ted States Government, for the exclusive use and
service of the United States, subject, however, to
such remuneration and pay for the ;-amo as shall
bo agreed upon by two appraisers to be appointed,
one by the President of the United States and one
by the contractors, and in case of disagreement the
President of the United States to appoint an umpire
who shall fix the value: And provided further. That
said line of steamships shall carry tho United States
mail without other compensation than this appro-
priation.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to ask whether
we make any other compensation now than this
appropriation ; whether this line does not carry
the mail free for $500,000?
Mr. SARGENT. Certainly, they do.
Mr. RANDALL, Then of what use is this
proviso?
Mr. SARGENT. Of none at all.
The question being taken on Mr. Conger's
amendment, as amended, there were—ayes 88,
noes 84.
Mr. HOLMAN called for tellers.
Tellers wea-e ordered; and Mr. Kerr and
Mr. Conger were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 87, noes 92.
So the amendment was disagreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I offer what 1
send to the Clerk's desk as a new section to
the bill.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. —. That it shall hereafter be unlawful for
any person who has held an office in any executive
Department of the Government, to which he was
a ppointed by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to act ns attorney, solicitor, or agent in the
prosecution of any claim against the United States
in such Department within two years after the date
at which he ceased to be sucn officer; and it is
hereby made the duty of tho heads of the several
Executive Departments to enforce the provisions
of this section.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I yield to my
colleague [Mr. Upson] to offer an amend-
ment to my amendment.
Mr. UPSON. I offer the following as a
substitute for the amendment of my col-
league.
That if any person who has held an office in any
executive Department of the Government, to which
he was appointed by and with the advice and eon-
sent of the Senate, shall act as attorney, solicitor,
or agent in the_ prosecution of any claim against the
United States in such Department within two years
after the date at which he ceased to be such officer,
he shall bo deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
on conviction in any court of the United States hav-
ing jurisdiction thereof, shall pay a fine not exceed-
ing $5,000, or be imprisoned in the penitentiary not
exceeding one year, or both, at the discretion of the
court.
This amendment provides a penalty for a
violation of the law. If the amendment of my
colleague is to be adopted, it seems to me some
means should be provided for enforcing the
law.
Mr. HOAR. I do not desire to object to
the amendment, but to call the attention of
the gentleman from Ohio to a defect in its
phraseology. If those words, " appointed by
the President, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate," be retained, it will
permit every person appointed by the Presi-
dent, but not confirmed by the Senate, to do
what is prohibited, and that would be the
class of officers who would be likely to be
most unscrupulous. It also would not apply
to a very large class of subordinate officers.
I would suggest that he insert after the words
■'by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate'' the words '' or whose compensation is
at the rate of more than $1,500 per annum."
Mr. DICKEY. Oh, I object to that.
Mr. UPSON. With the consent of the com-
mittee, I will modify my amendment by strik-
ing out the words " appointed by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate."
Mr. MAYNARD. I move that the com-
mittee do now rise.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Oh, no ; let us
finish this bill.
The question was taken on Mr. Maynakd's
motion ; and it was disagreed to.
The question was taken on Mr. Upson's
amendment; and there were—ayes one hun-
dred and fifteen, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now move to amend
the amendment by inserting after the words
"appointed by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate" the words "or who has
been a member of Congress;" and also by in-
serting the words " or such member of Con-
gress " after the words " such officers."
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order,
and it is that this amendment having been
adopted, it is now too late to amend it.
The CHAIRMAN. It may be amended by
adding to it.
Mr. HOAR. The motion is not to add, but
to insert some words between other words in
the amendment ; but my point of order is,
that this is independent legislation, and is out
of order on that ground.
The CHAIRMAN. That point of order is
well taken.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, cannot you
amend a matter of independent legislation
which has been admitted here?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that
this, being independent legislation, is not in
order.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why, we have just
amended the proposition of the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The point of
order was not made upon that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. Does.the gentleman
from Illinois appeal from the decision of the
Chair?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not understand
that the amendment of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Garfield] has been adopted yet.
The CHAIRMAN. It has been adopted by
a substitute. Does the gentleman appeal from
the decision of the Chair ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not understand
what the decision of the Chair is. Does he
decide that the amendment of the gentleman
from Ohio cannot be amended?
The CHAIRMAN. That is not the decis- |
ion of the Chair. The decision of the Chair I
is that the amendment of the gentleman from '
Illinois involves independent legislation, and !
therefore is not in order. j
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The original prop- j
osition was independent legislation, !
TheCHAIRMAN. That was admitted under
a suspension of the rules on motion made by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I beg pardon of the
Chair; the amendment just adopted was not
admitted under a suspension of the rules.
The CHAIRMAN. The original amend-
ment was admitted under a suspension of the
rules, and a substitute for it was offered, and
no objection made to it. Does the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] appeal from
the decision of the Chair?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Most certainly I do.
The CHAIRMAN. The question is, Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of the Committee of tho Whole?
Mr. DAWES. Has the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Upson]
been adopted ?
The CHAIRMAN. It has been.
Mr. DAWES. And the amendment now
proposed by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farnsworth] is a new and independent
amendment?
TheCHAIRMAN. It is.
Mr. DAWES. And is to be governed by
■ the rules which apply to new and independent
legislation ?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair so rules.
The Clerk will read the rule of the House
applicable to this subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
" So far as proposed amendments are concerned, the
current of decisions in Committees of the Whole has
been to exclude not only all appropriation snot pre-
viously authorized by law, (with the exceptions con-
tained in the rule,) but also all independent legisla-
tion."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state the
position of the question as he understands it.
On Monday last the rules were suspended for
the purpose of admitting an amendment to this
bill which was offered this afternoon by the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
[Mr. Garfield.] When that amendment was
offered, his colleague [Mr. Upson] offered a
substitute for it, which was received without
any objection and adopted. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] now proposes
to amend that substitute in such a way as, in
the judgment of the Chair, to involve inde-
pendent legislation, and therefore the Chair
rules it not 111 order under the rule just read
by the Clerk. From that decision of tho Chair
the gentleman from Illinois takes an appeal.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I did not so under-
stand the position of the question. 1 sup-
posed, and I think nearly all the members of
this committee supposed, that we were voting
upon an amendment to the amendment; and
that we were not voting upon the amendment
as amended. I am sure the members of this
committee would not consent to make it a
penitentiary offense for a man who has been
in a Department to practice his profession
before that Department.
Mr. DICKEY. I object to debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is a retroactive
law, an absurdity, which I am certain gentle-
men did not contemplate.
Mr. DICKEY. I object to debate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask consent to
move an amendment to place members 0 f Con-
gress on the same footing as clerks of Depart-
ments in respect to practicing their profes-
sion.
Mr. DICKEY. I object.
TheCHAIRMAN. The question is, Shall
the decision of the Chair stand as the judg-
ment of this Committee of the Whole?
The question was taken; and the decision of
the Chair was sustained.
Mr. PALMER. I move that the committee
now rise and report this bill with amendments
to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Wheeler
reported that pursuant to the order of the
House the Committee of the Whole on the
