3638
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
of that State took issue with the Legislature
touching the districts which they proposed and
vetoed the bill. By the requisite vote, being
$ two-thirds vote in each house, the bill was
passed over the veto of the Governor. It is
now the law, and the elections are to be held
under it. Now, for the present, for the next
election, provision may be made by nomin-
ating at large, I understand (and if I am wrong
about it I wish some Senator would correct
me) the additional Representative allowed to
the State by this bill. How is it to be next
winter when the Legislatures reassemble in
the States to which an additional member is
given? Obviously the whole subject of dis-
tricts in the States is to be opened again, and
there is to be a struggle in those States for the
Legislature, and in the Legislature after it is
chosen, touching the new districts to be made.
I am speaking at this moment, as I said,
without any expectation that the bill would
come up at this time, and with a very imper-
fect understanding of it, and I beg to inquire
of my friend from Vermont whether 1 am
wrong in supposing that nextyear, in each of
the States affected, it will be appropriate to
redistrict the State in order that after that the
additional member shall not be chosen on a
ticket at large ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes; it will be appro-
priate. The provision of the House bill is,
that for the coming Congress the election may
be made at large unless the Legislature shall
provide for it before; and so my friend is
right. In every case where there is an increase
of representation which has_ already been
fixed, it implies that at some time before the
next election after this there shall be a pro-
vision for it.
Mr. CONKLING. So I supposed, and so
the Senator will see, confining myself still to
the illustration of my own State, that this mat-
ter having been arranged, having been the
subject of controversy, the bill having been
passed over the veto of the Executive, the
whole subject is to be opened again, com-
mitted to tho chances as they may be in she
future.
1 have promised not to speak of any con-
sideration except, this. 1 am not prepared to
do so. The consideration of the bill, I repeat
again, at this moment is entirely unexpected
to me, I will conclude what 1 have to say by
stating to the Senator from Vermont that
unless he has some wish that on this morning
rather than to-morrow morning the vote shall
be taken 1 will ask htm to allow the bill to lie
over until 1 can look at it and until 1 can con-
fer with him about one matter which i have
not spoken of and which i am not prepared
intelligently to speak ol at this moment I
dislike to interpose in this way, but not hat.ng
«ny idea that the motion was to be made this
morning, 1 expected to have the opporiumiy
ofconlevring with the Senator, which 1 should
be glad to do, to mionn my sell and also to make
a suggestion to him, unless for some special
reason he thinks it important the Senate should
be brought to a vote this morning. I suppose
there will be no objection to-iiiorrow morning
to taking up the hill. I shall not object, to it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no difference
between to-day and to-morrow provided the
Senate would be willing to take it up ; but my
friend from New York knows the extreme
difficulty one has, in the collision of necessities!
in the Senate, when there are so many things
to be done, in getting anything up. This
bill is now up. My honorable friend) has
stated precisely all the point of which I am
aware of the kind he names m connection
with the bill, and understands with entire
accuracy how the law stands about it. That
has been the law under the preceding census,
and subject to similar difficulties as far as
they are difficulties, and Congress provided
to obviate a difliculy of that kind, where
there was difficulty ill the State about the re-
adjustment afterward, to extend the time for
that State to elect at large still further; so
that I believe in the State of Illinois there has
been an election at large down to this day
through the whole of the last decade. And
so if there should be difficulty in the State of
New York at the next meeting of its Legis-
lature in making this provision, there is no
moral doubt Congress would _ provide for
giving her her continued election at large
until she should find it convenient to adjust her
districts. The reason for pressing the bill now
is that in New Hampshire, for instance, the
Legislature is about to meet. New Hamp-
shire will lose under the present apportionment,
and will have to redistrict unless thisbill is
to pass. It does not affect Connecticut, I
believe, whose Legislature meets at this time.
There may be other States; so that it is very
desirable to have the judgment of the Senate
as early as possible.
Mr. CONKLING. When does the Legisla-
ture of New Hampshire meet?
Mr. EDMUNDS. On the first Tuesday in
June, I think it is.
Mr. CONKLING. For a regular session
which will last two or three months?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORTON. I will suggest to the Sen-
ator from Vermont and to the Senator from
New York an amendment to the proviso of
this bill by striking out the words "to the
Forty-Third Congress only" in the fourteenth
line, so as to leave it that hereafter these addi-
tional members of Congress shall be elected at
large in the several States until such time as
the States themselves shall redistrict, leaving
it to the States to determine when they will do
that. In other words, as I had occasion to
say to the Senate heretofore, there is a pro-
priety in a State like the State of Illinois or
the State of New York or any other large State
having a Congressman at large who shall in
some sense in the other House represent all
the people of that State. I believe that has
been done in Illinois tor two or three succes-
sive elections, and I think there is great pro-
priety in it, especially in a large State, and in
fact in any State. Such an amendment to this
proviso will obviate the objection of the Sen-
ator from New York. I hope the hill will
pass with that amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. The suggestion of the
Senator from Indiana would undoubtedly
exempt all Legislatures from the necessity
next year of entering again upon the always
controverted question, one which always leads
to a great deal of partisan feeling, of making
new districts in the State ; and certainly in so
far it would be an improvement of the general
character of the bill. I am satisfied, how-
ever, that, we ought to have the opportunity to
look at this. 1 confess myself 1 have not
read the bill before. Of course t intended to
do it in tune, and 1 should have done it before
long. I have yet had no opportunity to
obset've what it is particularly.
Air. EDMUNDS. This being the first time
this biil   taken up, I cannot insist on its
being considered against the wish of my fiietid
from New York that it shall go over until to-
morrow. I do not think that would be right.
At the same time I am very sorry that he
wishes it to go over, because it may not be so
easy to get it up again. I shall ask the Sen-
ate to-morrow morning, if I am able to be
here, to take it, up.
Mr. THURMAN. Before the Senator from
Vermont, yields the floor, 1 would like to sug-
gest one thing to him. I have not had time
to investigate the basis of this bill; but I am
strongly under the impression that in two
States, at least, it gives a Representative for
less than a moiety of the ratio on which we
agreed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does give a Repre-
sentative for less than a moiety,
Mr. THURMAN. How many?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Two, certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The House report, which
we have, states it precisely. The bill is made
up on the basis of two hundred and ninety on
the census tables, excepting that, the House
put in New Hampshire and Florida, which did
not quite come up to the appropriate fraction,
upon the ground, as they state, that greater
injustice would be done to each of these States
by not giving the additional representation
than to the other States by giving it.
Mr. THURMAN, Now, will the Senator
tell us what States are given Representatives
by fractious which havenotRepresentatives by
fractions under the law as it now stands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The report states all the
States that are given a Representative by frac-
tions on the basis of two hundred and ninety.
What ones will have it under the other basis I
do not remember. But as the Senator from
New York is desirous tflat this bill shall go over
until to-morrow, I certainly cannot press it
against his wish.
Mr. THURMAN. Bat I would like to know
myself how many of the States there are that
get Represeutatives for less than a moiety of
the ratio. I know that Congress has away
back in the past in some instances given a
State a Representative for less than a moiety;
but I do not think it has been done within the
last thirty years, or perhaps within the last
forty years ; and it is a question whether we
ought now to do such a thing.
The bill was postponed until to-morrow.
ASSIGNMENTS OF BUSINESS.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of House
bill No. 694, to prevent cruelty to animals while
in transit by railroad or other means of trans-
portation within the United States.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask unanimous con-
sent for an order to change the day for the
consideration of the river and harbor bill from
Tuesday to Wednesday. I understand that
Tuesday has been assigned to another pur-
pose. I ask that the assignment be changed to
Wednesday at twelve o'clock.
Mr. MORTON. I suggest to the Sena'or
from Michigan that before that change is made
there should be some consultation. 1 doubt
very much whether the Senate will be able to
take up the consideration of the river and har-
bor bill on Wednesday at twelve o'clock.
Mr. CHANDLER. Then I will say Thurs-
day.
Mr. MORTON. I think Thursday would be
better.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me make one sug-
gestion to my friend : if at that time the Sen-
ate should choose, for example, to consider
executive business, or something not legis-
late, he would not stand in the way, but his
order would stand for the first, day we were in
legislative session. That, I think, will obviate
all objection. We have the understanding
that the Senator from Michigan will not resist
a motion to go into executive session.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan obtained an order of the Sen-
ate to consider, the river and harbor bill on
Tuesday, but now asks to change it to Wednes-
day, at twelve o'clock. It will be subject to a
motion to adjourn or to go into executive ses-
sion at any time on that day, of course.
Mr. CHANDLER. But it will hold its
place?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. While we are parceling
out the time, 1 consider it my duty to call the
attention of the Senate to the fact that, there
are quite a number of bills from the Judiciary
Committee, and I should think we had received
twenty or thirty bills from the other House
within a week, and some of them ceriatnly
ought to be passed. I have called attention
soveraJ times to the bill to establish a court in
the Indian country. That ought to be acted
upon, but there was some, not opposition,.
