1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
951
for which it would have run if issued at the
proper time, on the payment by the petitioner
of the final fee; which was referred to the
Committee on Patents.
Mr. BOREMAN presented the petition of
Rev. J. W. W. Bolton, of West Virginia, late
chaplain in the Army, praying_ a pension;
which was referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of West Virginia, instructing the Sena-
tors and requesting the Representatives from
that State to vote for the removal of all dis-
abilities imposed by the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution of the United States ; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented a petition of citizens
of Wirt county, West Virginia, praying that
the political disabilities of Joseph Smith, of
Ravenswood, Jackson county, West Virginia,
be removed ; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
He also presented a petition of citizens
of Roane county, West Virginia, praying the
removal of political disabilities from Joseph
Smith, of Jackson county, West Virginia ;
which was referred to the select Committee
on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Cyrus S.
Larew, of West Virginia, praying the removal
of his political disabilities ; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Lair D.
Mori-all, of West Virginia, praying the removal
of his political disabilities; which was referred
to the select Committee on the Removal of
Political Disabilities.
Mr. POOL presented a resolution of the
Legislature of North Carolina, asking that some
steps be taken by the Congress of the United
States for the removal of obstructions in the
Cape Fear harbor, in that State; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. POOL. I have also a resolution of the
Legislature of North Carolina which I am
instructed to present to the Senate, entitled a
"resolution complimentary to Commodore
Matthew F. Maury." It seejns to be for the
purpose of complimenting him, but it has in
it a statement that the Legislature has taken
into consideration some propositions of his in
regard to international meteorological obser-
vations, and they express approbation of his
proposition in the body of the resolution. _ I
suppose the proper reference of this resolution
would be to the Committee on Commerce. I
move that it be referred to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT presented a memorial of print-
ers, type-founders, gold-beaters, and paper-
makers of Philadelphia, against the passage
of au international copyright law ; which was
referred to the Committee on the Library.
He also presented a memorial of MacKel-
lar, Smiths & Jordan, type-founders, and two
hundred and thirteen workers in their estab-
lishment, in the city of Philadelphia, remon-
strating against any change in the tariff laws
abating the duties on printing types now suc-
cessfully produced in American founderies,
and praying for a repeal of all duties on the
raw materials used in the production of type,
namely, tin, antimony, and type-metal, so
that home industries may be fostered and
defended; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of Lewis
Pelouze, type-founder, and fifteen workers in
his establishment, in the city of Philadelphia,
against any change in the tariff laws abating
the duties on printing types now successfully
produced in American founderies, and praying
for a repeal of all duties on the raw materials
used in the production of type, namely, tin,
antimony, and type-metal, so that home indus-
tries may be fostered and defended; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a memorial of Collins &
McLeester, type-founders, and thirty-eight
workers in their establishment, in the city of
Philadelphia, remonstrating against any change
iu the tariff laws abating the duties on print-
ing types now successfully produced in Ameri-
can founderies, and praying for a repeal of all
duties on the raw material used in the produc-
tion of type, namely, tin, antimony, and type-
metal, so that home industries may be fostered
and defended; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance.
He also presented seven petitions of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, largely
signed by merchants, business and professional
men, praying a modification of the laws and
regulations affecting and governing appoint
ments to and removals from public offices, the
salaries, perquisites, and moieties of public
officers, and the seizures of private books and
papers; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. OSBORN presented a memorial of the
corporators and directors of the Withlaocoo-
chee and Lake Pansoffka Canal and Steam-
boat Company, praying a donation of lands
for the purposes of connecting the waters of
the Gulf of Mexico with the Atlantic by deep-
ening and clearing out the Withlaocoochee
and Ocklawaha rivers, and connecting the
same by canal by the way of Lake Pansoffka
and Lake Harris ; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. SAWYER presented the petition of
George W. Jones, praying compensation for
losses sustained in consequence of the failure
on the part of the Government to comply with
a contract with him for supplying of cloth for
the use of the Army; which was referred'to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. V1CKERS presented a petition of cit-
izens of Maryland, praying a modification of
the laws and regulations governing appoint
ments to and removals from public offices, the
salaries, perquisites, and moieties of public
officers, and the seizures of private books and
papers; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. HITCHCOCK presented petitions of
D. H. Wheeler & Co.; C. F. Bayha, and
Lambert & Talhelm, of Nebraska, praying
an amendment to the postal laws authoriz-
ing dealers in newspapers and periodicals to
receive by mail packages weighing four ounces
on the same terms as regular subscribers;
which were referred to the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. JOHNSTON presented a petition of
citizens of Virginia, praying a modification
of the laws governing appointments to and
removals from public offices, the salaries, per-
quisites, and moieties of public officers, and
the seizures of private books and papers;
which was referred to the Committee 011 tke
Judiciary. . ~
Mr. BLAIR presented a petition of citi-
zens of Missouri, praying a modification of
the laws affecting and governing appointments
to and removals from public offices, the sala-
ries, perquisites, and moieties of public offi-
cers, and the seizures of private books and
papers; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of trans B.
Bysfield, publisher of the Rocheport Enter-
prise, of Boone county, Missouri, praying an
amendment to section one hundred and sixty-
two of the bill for the revision and consolid-
ation of the statutes relating to the Post
Office Department; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of Fiavius J.
Mills, publisher of the Verona Journal, Law-
rence county, Missouri, praying an amendment
to section one hundred and sixty-two of the
bill for the revision and consolidation of the
statutes relating to the Post Office Depart-
ment ; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. NORWOOD presented two petitions of
citizens of Georgia, praying a modification of
the laws and regulations affecting and govern-
ing appointments to and removals from public
offices, the salaries, perquisites, and moieties
of public officers, and the seizures of private
books and papers; which were referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of Wiliiam M.
Wadly and others, citizens of Georgia, pray-
ing a modification of the laws and regulations
affecting and governing appointments to and
removals from public offices, the salaries, per-
quisites, and moieties of public officers, and
the seizures of private books and papers; which
was referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
Mr. MORTON presented a petition of citi-
zens of Ohio, praying for the passage of au
act granting a bounty of $8 33J a month to all
honorably discharged soldiers and sailors for
the entire time served, and for an amendment
to the twenty-fifth section of the act approved
July 15, 1870, so as to permit soldiers or sail-
ors to enter the amount of land therein allowed
without the requirements of settlement and
cultivation; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. MORTON. I also present the petition
of John Gregory, publisher of the Warren
Republican, of Williamsport, Warren county,
Indiana,, praying for such an amendment to
the postal laws as will allow persons known as
regular publishers and dealers in newspapers
and periodicals to receive by mail such quan-
tities of either as they may require, in bulk,
whether wholly or in part printed, and pay the
postage thereon as received, at the same rates
pro rata as regular subscribers to publications
weighing four ounces, who pay quarterly in
advance. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to,
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of A.
J. Calkins, publisher of the Clarion, of Prince-
ton, Gibson county, Indiana, prayingan amend-
ment to the one hundred and sixty-second
section of the bill for the revision and consolid-
ation of the statutes of the Post Office Depart-
ment ; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. POMEROY presented a petition of citi-
zens of the United States, praying a modifica-
tion of the laws and regulations affecting and
governing appointments to and removals from
public offices, the salaries, perquisites, and
moieties of public officers, and the seizures of
private books and papers ; which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. PRATT. I present the petition of a
number of persons who describe themselves
as letter-carriers of Indianapolis, appointed
under the postal act of March 3, 1863. Ihey
allege that they are obliged to do service in
the distribution and collection of mail matter
the entire three hundred and sixty-five days
of the year; that on week days their service
lasts from ten to twelve hours, and that for
this service, rendered to the best of their abil-
ity, they are now paid only from six to eight
hundred dollars a year. They say that their
compensation is entirely inadequate to the
support of their families, aud their prayer
is for an increase of compensation, ihisis
formally in the shape of a letter addressed to
myself, but I have thought proper to treat it
as a memorial, and move its reference to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
The motion was agreed to. . .
Mr. EDMUNDS presented the petition of
Margaret Jerow, praying to be allowed arrears
of pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. FLANAGAN presented a petition of
citizens of the United States, praying a modi-
