1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
the existing management of affairs, and are
glad to recommend certain legislation in re-
spect to revising the laws touching certain points
of difficulty and disturbance in that city between
the importers and the customs officials which
had given rise to a great deal of recrimination
and debate. I will not ask to have that read
this evening, but to-morrow, if it shall be the
pleasure of the Senate to have an executive
session now, I will ask the Secretary to read
that as part of my remarks, because the atten-
tion of the Senate and the country, after the
very extraordinary speech of my friend from
Illinois, ought to be called to the commentary
of the committee upon this very evidence.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. On what page
is that?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The opening of the re-
port of the committee. I now yield.
Mr. RAMSEY. I make the motion for an
executive session.
INTERNAL REVENUE REPORT.
Mr. HOWE. I desire consent to introduce
a concurrent resolution, to be referred to the
Committee on Printing.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well.
Mr. HOWE submitted the following concur-
rent resolution:
Resolved by the Senate, (tho House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That two thousand additional
copies of the last report of the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, with the tables, be printed and
bound for the use of the Commissioner; and that
five hundred additional copies be printed with paper
covers, also for the use of the Commissioner.
The resolution was referred to the Commit-
tee on Printing.
SENATOR FROM GEORGIA.
Mr. THURMAN. I ask the Senator from
Minnesota to withdraw the motion for a moment
to allow me to ask unanimous consent to take
up the credentials of Mr. Norwood, of Georgia,
and refer them to the Committee on Privileges
and Elections.
The motion to refer was agreed to.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I ask the Senator from
Minnesota to withdraw his motion to allow me
to ask that House bill No. 380, for the removal
of legal and political disabilities imposed by
the third section of the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States, reported by the Committee on Disabili-
ties this morning, be made the special order
for one o'clock on Thursday next.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, do not let us have
any special orders yet.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Vermont objects.
Mr. RAMSEY. That will take more time
than we can spend just now. It will com^up
naturally to-morrow morning after the morn-
ing hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the motion to
go into executive session will be voted down
then, and let us get up the other business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senator from
Illinois will not violate the rules by making
speeches on amotion to go into executive ses-
sion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Minnesota moves that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The question being put, a division was called
for, and the ayes were twenty-seven.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As this is the test-ques-
tion on the removal of disabilities, I call for
the yeas and nays.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is not a test-question
at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ithinkitis. Icallfor
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HAMLIN. I wish simply to say that
the ipse dixit of the Senator from Illinois
cannot make this a test-question for me nor
for any other man.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 31, nays 25 ; as follows: }
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler.
Clayton, Conkling, Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry of
Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Ham-
lin, Howe, Kellogg, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Nye, Osborn. Patterson, Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Kam-
sey, Scott, Sherman, and Wright—31.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia, Fen ton, Ferry of Connec-
ticut, Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Hill, John-
ston, Lewis, Logan, Rice, Robertson, Sawyer,
Schurz, Stevenson, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman,
Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, and Wilson—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard,Caldwell, Cole, Cragin,
Davis of Kentucky, Hamilton of Texas, Hitchcock,
Kelly, Morrill of Maine, Saulsbury, Spencer,
Spraguc, Stewart, West, and Windom—15.
So the motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The Senate thereupon proceeded to the con-
sideration of executive business. After twenty
minutes spent in executive session the doors
were reopened, and (at three o'clock and
thirty-three minutes p. m.) the Senate ad-
journed.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, December 11, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of Thursday last was read and
approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order during the morning hour
is the calling of the States and Territories for
the introduction of bills and joint resolutions
for reference to their appropriate committees,
not to be brought back into the House by
motions to reconsider. Under this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State and territorial
Legislatures may be presented for printing and
reference. The morning hour now begins, at
five minutes past twelve o'clock.
DISCHARGE OF POOR CONVICTS.
Mr. PETERS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
480), in regard to the discharge of poor con-
victs* ; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
REMOVAL OF CAUSES FROM STATE COURTS.
Mr. PETERS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 481) in amendment of an act entitled "An
act for the removal of causes in certain cases
from State courts," approved July 27, 1867,
and acts in addition to and amendatory thereof,
approved March 2, 1867. and July 27, 1868;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
COMPENSATION OF CRIERS.
Mr. PETERS also introduced a bill (H.^ R.
No. 482) regulating the compensation of criers
of the United States courts; which was read
a first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
AMENDMENT OF RULES.
Mr. PETERS also introduced a resolution j
to amend the rules of the House so that bills I
introduced by unanimous consent shall not be !
brought back by a motion to reconsider; which !
was ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee on E,ules.
REMISSION OF TAXES ON VESSELS.
Mr. LYNCH introduced a bill (H. R. No. •
483) authorizing the Commissioner of Internal \
Revenue to remit and pay back taxes assessed
aud collected on vessels; which was read a
first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
EXPENSES OF JOINT SELECT COMMITTEE.
Mr. POLAND introduced a bill (H. R. No.
484) making an appropriation to supply a defi-
ciency in the appropriations for the expenses
of the joint select Committee on Alleged Out-
rages in the Southern States ; which was read
a first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Appropri-
ations.
ACTIONS IN COURT OF CLAIMS.
Mr. POLAND also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 485) to regulate actions in the Court of
Claims by loyal owners of property seized
under the act of March 12, 1863 ; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
FALL ItlVElt, MASSACHUSETTS.
Mr. BUFFINTON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 486) authorizing the construction of a
building at Fall River, Massachusetts, for cus-
tom-house, post office, and other purposes;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, and ordered to be printed.
COMMISSION OF ARBITRATION AT GENEVA.
Mr. BANKS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
487) making appropriations for expenses which
may be incurred under the treaty of Washing-
ton relating to the commission of arbitration
at Geneva; which was read a first aud second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
FISHERIES.
Mr. BANKS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 488) to carry into effect the provisions of
the treaty between the United States and
Great Britain, signed in the city of Washing-
ton on the 8th of May, 1871, relating to the
fisheries; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
BRITISH AND AMERICAN CLAIMS COMMISSION.
Mr. BANKS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 489) to give effect to the provisions of the
treaty of Washington relating to the British
and American claims commission ; which was
read a first and second time, ordered to be
printed, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
AMERICAN CITIZENS OWNING SLAVES.
Mr. BANKS also introduced a bill (H. K. No.
490) to carry into effect article thirteen of the
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States, and to prohibit the owning or dealing
in slaves by American citizens in foreign
countries; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and referred to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
BRONZE STATUE OF ADMIRAL FARRAGUT.
Mr. BANKS also introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 51) providing for a colossal
bronze statue of Admiral Farragut, after a
design molded from life ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildiiigs aud Grounds.
EXPOSITION OF INDUSTRY IN AUSTRIA.
Mr. BANKS also presented a letter from the
Secretary of State, relating to au exposition
of industrj' in Vienna, Austria; which was
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
D. B. ALLEN AND COMPANY.
Mr. TWICHELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 491) to provide for the payment of D. B.
Allen & Co. for services in carrying the Uni-
ted States mails; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
NEW IIAVEN, CONNECTICUT.
Mr. KELLOGG introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 492) for continuing the improvement of
New Haven harbor, Connecticut; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
