1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1847
state of the Union had had under consider-
ation the state of the Union generally, and
especially the bill (H. R. No. 1070) making
appropriations for the service or the lost
Office Department for the year ending June
30, 1873, and had directed him to report the
same to the House with sundry amendments.
Mr. PALMER. I now move the previous
question upon the bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered. .
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection,
the amendments of the Committee of the
Whole will be agreed to, except such as mem-
bers may demand a separate vote upon.
No objection was made.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for a sepa-
rate vote upon the last amendment made m
Committee of the Whole in regard to persons
who have been clerks of Departments prac-
ticing as attorneys before the Departments.
And before the vote is taken upon the amend-
ment I ask the gentleman who has charge ot
this, bill to allow me to move an amendment
t0The SPEAKER. That will require unan-
imous consent, unless the previous question
shall be reconsidered.
Mr. UPSON. I object.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will report the
amendment on which a separate vote is asked
By the gentleman from Illinois-
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec —. That if any person who has held an office
in any executive department ot the Government to
which he was appointed shall act as attorney, soli-
citor, or agent in the. prosecution ot a1^
the United States 111 said department, within two
veirs after tho date at which he ceased to be such
officer, he shall.be deemed 8uiV^^fi^?ted States
and on conviction in any court of the United btates
having jurisdiction thereof, shall pay a fine not ex-
ceeding $5,000 or be imprisoned m the P.^'tentiaiy
not exceeding one year, or both, at the discretion of
the court.
of dividing, and the Chair cannot entertain
the motion of the gentleman. [Laughter.]
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 101, noes 30.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read thf third
time, and passed.
Mr. PALMER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the House adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
Mr SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I ask the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Upson] to consent
to an amendment which I propose, to insert
the words "or now holds" after the words
"who has held." That is necessary to accom-
plish the purpose of the amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I object to any
amendment unless mine can be offered.
The question was taken upon the ametia
ment by a viva vo'ce vote, and the Speaker
announced that the ayes appeared to have it
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for the yeas
and nays on that amendment. _
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays, and there were nine m the
affirmative ; not one fifth of the last vote.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I call for tellers on
the veas and nays. . ,,
The question was taken upon ordering tell-
ers, and there were twelve in the affirmative,
not one fifth of a quorum.
So tellers were not ordered, and the yeas
and nays were not ordered.
Mr. MAYNARD. I call for a vote by divis-
ion upon the amendment. _
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Is it not too
late to call for a division ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The question was taken by a division, and
there were-ayes 97, noes 10; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. I arnsworth
and Mr. Upson were appointed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the
House now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
stop on his way to serve as a teller to move
that the House adjourn.
Mr. BARNS WORTH, lhen I ask to be
excused from serving as a teller.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Tennessee, Mr. Maynard, will act as teller m
the place of the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now move
the House adjourn. . . , ,
The SPEAKER. The House is m the act
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &o., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees: . . rT\ ur
By Mr. ARCHER: The petition of Dr. W.
H. Cleudennin, of Maryland, prayingthe estab-
lishment of a bureau of vaccination, and tor
^yfe^BANKS: The memorial of the Na-
tional Board of Trade of Philadelphia, asking
the appointment of commissioners on the part
of the United States to act with commissioners
appointed by the Dominion ot Canada to con-
sider and negotiate a treaty ot reciprocal trade
between the Dominion of Canada and the
United States. # ■t/'irtii-
Bv Mr. COX: The petition of D. Klein,
of 93 Canal street, New York city, for reliet.
By Mr. DUELL: The petition of J.
Haskins, Richard H. Parker, W. T. Hamilton,
and 78 others, citizens of Onondaga county,
New York, protesting against the reduction
of the duties upon foreign salt, and setting
forth that the incidental protection afforded to
the domestic manufacturers of salt during the
last ten years has furnished the people with
an article equal to the best m the world, and
at more uniform and reasonable piices tha
would have ruled had they been dependent
upon foreign supplies. _
Bv Mr. EAMES: The memorial of the Colt s
Patent Fire-Arms Manufacturing Company,
the Sharp's Rifle Manufacturing Company, the
Ames Manufacturing Company, the Providence
Tool Company, and others, in relation to the
manufacture of fire-arms by the G07®™®6"4;
Also, the memorial of the Winchester Arms
Company, the Whitney Arms Company, and
others, in relation to the manufacture of fire
arms by the Government.
Also, the memorial of the Union Metallic
Cartridge Company and others, it. relation
to the manufacture of fire-arms by the Go
^bTmt. HILL: The memorial and resolu-
tions of the Grand Army of the ReP"^c
New Jersey, asking the passage of a
eqBy MrD^ELULOGG: Thepctition of the Colt
'ire-Arms Manufacturing Comi^ny and others.
Also, a memorial from the same citizens and
soldiers, requesting that soldiers and sailors
may be allowed to enter public land without
settlement and cultivation.
By Mr. LOWE: The petition of M. H.
Dorsham and others, to preserve inviolate the
guarantees of religious liberty contained in the
Constitution and protesting against any amend-
ment tending to impair the same.
Also, the petition of Samuel Dyer and others,
for protection in their homes and settlements
made in the Indian country west of the ninety-
sixth meridian.
By Mr. McCLELLAND: The petition of
J. B. Shallenberger and 41 others, honorably
discharged soldiers, citizens of Washington
county, Pennsylvania, praying the passage ot
a law granting a warrant for one hundred and
sixty acres of such public lands as are subject
to sale or entry under the provisions of the
homestead law, to all honorably discharged
soldiers who served for ninety days or upwawl.
By Mr. McGKEW: The memorial of the
Board of Trade of Morgantowu, West Vir-
ginia, on the subject of an appropriation to
improve the Monongahela river. _
By Mr. MONROE: The petition of 1.
Arnold and many others, citizens of Lorain
county, Ohio, asking Congress not to propose
an amendment to the Constitution violative
of the principles of religious liberty.
By Mr. NIBLACK: 'lhe memorial ot Clark
& Brothers, and 21 others, citizens of Cannel-
ton, Indiana, remonstrating against the pro-
posed reduction of tariff duties on earthen-
ware, stone-ware, clay pipes, and other similar
articles. . .
By Mr. PACKARD : The petition of many
soldiers of the late volunteer army, and citi-
zens residing in Marshall and Fulton counties,
Indiana, asking the equalization of bounties,
and other relief. „
Bv Mr. B. H. ROBERTS : The petition of
bee-keepers, assembled in the annual meeting
ofthe Northeastern Bee-Keepers' Association,
against the extension of the patent ol Jj. O.
Langstroth on movable comb-hives.
By Mr. THOMAS: The petition H 1.
Grainger and others, citizens of North Caio-
lina, asking an appropriation tor tho removal
of obstructions from the Neuse river m said
StBy*Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York: The
petition of J. and H. Briggs and others, for a
light house on Block Island. ,
By Mr. WHITTIIORNE: The petition ot
Isaac Ivv, of Williamson county, and James
T. Dunlap, of Davidson county, lennessee,
for the removal of their political disabilities.
fgLinsfXf manufacture*5 of arms for sale by
the United States, &e. ,
Also, the petition of Jay E. Russell and
others, for a light-house at Branfoid haibor,
° Akofth^'petition of H. Trowbridge & Sons
and others, of New Haven, Connecticut, for a
light-house at Branford harbor, Connecticut.
By Mr. KILLINGER ; The petition of J.
A. Huntzenger, James K. Helms, and 200
others, citizens of Schuylkill county, Penn-
sylvania, who were in the military service of
the country, praying legislation to give
soldiers, sailors, and marines who served hon-
orably and were discharged after such service,
and their heirs, if deceased, f8 33J per month
for the time served,_ deducting Government
bounty heretofore paid.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 21, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. G. W. Zhaniser, of Hunt-
ingdon, Pennsylvania. ,
Mr SCOTT. I move to dispense with the
reading of the Journal this mornmg, for the
purpose of moving to take up the
to the Texas Pacific railroad bill, which 1 had
UPThe6V J® PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
4i°Mr COLE. I hope the Senator will not
attempt to take up that bill this morning. I
desire time to examine it. _wwl
Mr FENTON. I hope we shall proceed
t0S,'™CabElS T.
Califoi'iiia OMi « ; >  al""'dJ°
the bill, as the Chair understood. Did the
Chair understand him correctly t
fbe Tic! PRESIDENT. Objection is
n to cail,
up Senate bill No. 348, after the mornmg,
i business is through.
