. / r--Ml
} 1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2743
went back to Cuba for the purpose of there
practicing his profession. The precise time
of bis leaving this country is not certain. It
is said to have been in the spring of 1844, and
perhaps it was—I think it certain that it was
then, or late in the fall of 1843. I do not un-
derstand that thus far there is any dispute as
to the facts of the case, and as to this additional
fact there will be no d.spute, that from the
time he thus returned to Cienfuegos, in the
island of Cuba, in 1843 or 1844, until to-day,
his foot has never been on the soil of this Re-
public. He went there to practice his pro-
fession as a physician. He has been there,
as far as we can understand, regularly in the
practice of that profession durmg this entire
time.
It is said that he was spoken of there as
an American. I dare say he was. I know
plenty of naturalized citizens of this country
who expect always to remain here, and yet
are spoken of as Germans or Irishmen or
Englishmen; and I undertake to say that the
gentlemen who will follow me will not be able
to point their fingers to anything in this case
as it stands on the papers tendiiig to show
claim of American citizenship by him, any
other than such statement, until 1868 or 1869.
Now, if I were making any kind of a fight on
the facts, I would question if he made any
declaration of citizenship until the 25th of
November, 1870, but I am not, and I take the
statement as the majority of the committee
claims it.
Mr. HOAR. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman if there is any evidence of an intent on
his part to return to this country, or did he
become a naturalized citizen of Spain?
Mr. AMBLER. I should have come to that
directly, but I may as well answer it now. I
undertake to say that from the time he left
Philadelphia, in 1843, so far as anything in the
case before the committee is concerned, he
has never once mentioned coming back to the
United States. His relatives have spoken of
it, not under oath, but by mere letters, and I
undertake to say that there is no such thing
in the case, but as a legal proposition, I should
claim that it was for him not merely to talk
about returning, but to act toward returning,
before he could acquire any right to the protec-
tion of this Government, in view of the admitted
fact that he was domiciled in Cuba, in the
practice of his profession, and apparently
intending to remain there.
I may stop here a moment for the purpose
of s'atmgthe difference between the chairman
of the committee and myself as to the rule of
evidence in the case. 1 understand that the
doctrine in this country is that a man may ex-
patriate himself. I understand that the fact
of his going to a foreign country and remain-
ing there any considerable length of time in
the prosecution of a permanent business is of
itself evidence of expatriation ; (hat the animus
manendi is to be inferred from the fact that he
does remain there and go into business ; and
lest it should be supposed that there is any
room for doubt, allow me to read from the
opinion of Mr. Justice "Washington, of the
Supreme Court of the United States, in de-
ciding the ease of the Venus, Rae master,
(Cranch's Reports, volume eight.)
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Was George Pea-
body an English citizen because he lived and
did business for years in England?
Mr. AMBLER. I will attend to one case
at a time, if the gentleman pleases. I am
limited as to the time I can occupy on this
question, and decency requires that I shall
get through as soon as I can, because of the
pressing business before the House. I must
therefore ask to be excused from discussing
the question whether Mr. Peabody was or was
not a citizen of the United States. "Suffi-
cient unto the day is the evil thereof." The
question for us now to d^ cide is, was Dr.
Houard a citizen of the United States? The
Supreme Court of the United States, in the
case of the Venus, says:
" On this ground it is that the courts of England
have decided that a person who removes to a for-
eign country, settles himself there, engages in the
trade of the country, furnishes, by these acts, eueh
evidence of his intention to reside there as to stamp
him with the national character of the State where
he lesides. In questions on this subject, the chief
point to be considered is the animus manendi; and
courts are to devise such reasonable rules of evi-
dence as may establish the fact of intention. If it
sufficiently appear that the intention of removing
was to make a permanent settlement, or for an
indefinite time, the right of domicile is acquired
by a residence even of a few days. This is one of
the rules of the British courts, and it appears to be
perfectly reasonable. Another is, that a neutral or
subject found residing in a foreign territory is pre-
sumed to be there animo manendi/ and if a state
of war should bring his national character into
question if. lies upon him to explain the circum-
stances of his residence."
Now, under this authority, and it is in strict
accord with all other authorities on the sub-
ject that have come under my observation,
the burden is upon those who claim that Dr.
Houard retained his citizenship to show his
intention to return to this country. And I do
say that there is not a pretense that he ever
even declared such an intention, although even
if he had, the same authority tells us that a
declaration of intention to return weighs noth-
ing as against an apparently permanent resi-
dence, because it may not be put into effect.
It is the returning in fact, or a step in the
direction of returning, which brings back tho
domicile of birth.
Now, I understand the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs [Mr. Banks] to
make the claim that this gentleman is still a
citizen of the United States, because he has
never renounced that citizenship, has never be-
come a citizen of the kingdom of Spain. I do
not know whether he has or not. But I must
differ with the chairman of the committee as
to the rule which he jseems disposed to adopt.
I do not understand that it is necessary that
there should be a formal renunciation of citi-
zenship ; I do not understand that it is neces-
sary that he should become a citizen of some
other country. I understand, indeed, that the
question is not one of citizenship, but one of
domicile, and I am clear that he may have lost
his right of citizenship here and gained none
anywhere else. The question is as to whether,
by his act in settling and remaining there
"engaged in the business of the country,"
without any apparent intention of returning,
he has surrendered his claim as "a citizen of
this country.
Now, it seems to me that this proposition
was established in the Martin Koszta case:
that the right to claim the protection of the
Government of the United States does not
depend upon the fact of citizenship, "but upon
the fact of domicile—a permanent residence
within the territory of the United States.
Martin Koszta was surely not a citizen of the
United States. If it was necessary that he
should renounce his citizenship of the king-
dom of Hungary and become a citizen of the
United States before he was entitled to the
protection of this Government, then it is cer-
tain that he was not so entitled, as he never
had been naturalized here, and had not been
in the country a sufficient length of time to
entitle him to naturalization. The question
in that case, as stated by Mr. Marcy in his
dispatch to Mr. Ilulsemann, places it upon
the other ground, to which I have referred.
"If," said Mr. Marcy, "Koszta ever had a
domicile in the United States, he was in vir-
tue thereof invested with the nationality of this
country."
Now says my friend, the chairman of the
committee:
" I concede that Dr. Houard was domiciled in the j
Island of Cuba." j
Then says Mr. Marry—and I adopt his words !
as my answer to the gentleman— I
" The fact of his being domiciled there makes him j
of that national character." * * 115 i
"And this character continued as long as the dom-
icile was retained. There are cases in which it is
difficult to settle the question of the domicile; but
that of Koszta is not one. The most approved defi-
nitions of domicile are the following "—
And I commend the authorities here quoted
to the attention of gentlemen of the House—
"a residence at a particular place accompanied
with a positive or presumptive proof of continuing
therefor an unlimited time. (IBinney's Reports.
349.) If it sufficiently appears that the intention of
removing was to make a permanent settlement or for
an indefinite time, the right of domicile is acquired
by a residence of a few days. (The Venus, 8 Cranch,
279.) Yattel has defined domicile to be a fixed resi-
dence in any place, with an intention of always
staying there."
This is the definition given a few moments
since by the honorable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, the chairman of the committee.
"But this is not an accurate statement. It would
be more correct to say that that place is properly the
domicile of a person in which his habitation is fixed,
without any present intention of removing there-
from." (Story's Conflict of Laws, section 43.) "A
person who removes to a foreign country, settles
himself there, and engages in the trade of the coun-
try, furnishes by these acts such evidence of an in-
tention permanently to reside there as to stamp him
with the national character of the State where he
resides." (The Venus, 8 Cranch, 279.)
I inquire in all candor whether this man
Houard does not come clearly within the defi-
nition thus laid down by the highest judicial
tribunal of the country, and approved by the
executive branch of the Government in the
case to which I have called attention.
Mr. Marcy says further in the dispatch
referred to:
" The establishment of his domicile here invested
him with the national character of this country,
and with that character he acquired the right to
claim protection from tbe United States, and they
had the ri?ht to extend it to him as long as that
character continued."
In the case in 8 Cranch, to which I have
already referred, it is held that citizens of the
United States who have removed to and entered
into business in the kingdom of Great Britain
without any formal renunciation of citzenship
or anything else, except the fact of removal,
do by that act become citizens of Great Britain
to such an extent as to subject their property
upon the high seas to capture by our cruisers
as lawful prize.
Will it be claimed for a moment that this
gentleman, who is now through his friends
here appealing to us, can be in such sense a
citizen of tbe United States as to be entitled
to our protection, and nt the same time in
such sense a citizen of Spain as to subject
his property to capture upon the high seas
in the event of war between this Government
and the kingdom of Spain? Are not the two
propositions utterly inconsistent? Can he at
the same time be a citizen of both coun-
tries? Can he be entitled to the protection
of this Government as to his person, while
its cruisers may capture his property as
enemies' goods?
Now, Mr. Speaker, this doctrine of the right
of expatriation is one which in its present
form at least originated in the United States.
We have always claimed it aud insisted upon
it. We are proclaiming our country, and have
from the beginning proclaimed our country,
as the asylum of the oppressed from every land.
We are all the time insisting, as against the
old doctrine upon the subject, that citizenship
may be given up; that because a man was born
a citizen or subject of any Government it does
not follow that he must retain that relation,
but he may at his own option cease to be a
citizen, and absolve himself from his duties as
such. We have been claiming this as a right
to be exercised by the fact of removal beyond
our jurisdiction, aud enforcing, as in the
Koszta case, by extreme means, this right of
the citizen to abandon at his option the Gov-
ernment of his birth, and by mere settlement
acquire a new national character. • Of course
1 do not mean a mere temporary absence ,* I
do not mean a transient residence_ abroad
in the prosecution of temporary business or
