952
tbe GommswrnAh awm.
February 12,
fixation of the laws and regulations affecting
and governing appointments to and removals
from public offices, the salaries, perquisites,
and moieties of public officers, and the seiz-
ures of private books and papers; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. BAYARD. I present the petition of
John R. Price and forty-nine others, asking
for the appropriation of a sufficient sum by the
United States for the creation of an ice har-
bor at New Castle, Delaware. This petition
embraces the names of a large number of mas-
ters and pilots of vessels owned in the States
of Pennsylvania, Delaware, New Jersey, New
Hampshire, Maine, and Massachusetts, navi-
gating the waters of Delaware bay and river.
The object is one of great importance, there-
fore, to a very large body of seamen of the
United States. I move the reference of the
petition to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BAYARD presented a petition of citi-
zens of Delaware, praying a modification of
the laws and regulations affecting and govern-
ing appointments to and removals from public
offices, the salaries, perquisites, and moieties
of public officers, and the seizures of private
books and papers ; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Delaware, praying that a specific duty may be
levied upon foreign non-copyrighted books;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. PATTERSONpresented three petitions
of citizens of New Hampshire, praying for a
modification of the laws and regulations affect-
ing and governing appointments to and re-
movals from public offices, the salaries, per-
quisites, and moieties of public officers, and
the_ seizures of private books and papers;
■which were referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 78) for the relief of Ben-
jamin Vanniman;
A bill (H. R. No. 112) for the relief of
George S. Baker, of Maryvilie, Missouri, for
the reissue of a certain bond;
A bill (H. R. No. 1416) for the relief of
Albert W. Gray;
A bill (H. R. No. 1417) for the relief of
George W. Morse;
A bill (II. R. No. 1418) for the relief of
Charles H. Mallory & Co., of New York ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1419) for the relief of
Michael P. Ganuett;
A bill (H. R. No. 1420) for the relief of
I4. and hi. Reed, of Bath, Maine ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1421) referring the claim
of the heirs and legal representatives of Colo-
nel Francis Vigo, deceased, to the Court of
Claims for adjustment.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. BORBMAN, it was
Ordered, That the papers in relation to the erec-
tion of a building at Parkersburg:, West Virginia,
tor Government offices, be withdrawn from the files
?/ the Senate and referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Buildings and Grounds.
On motion of Mr. WEST, it was
Ordered, That the memorial of the mayor and ad-
ministrators of the city of Shreveport, Louisiana,
praying that the Government donate to tho city of
bnreveport the piece of land commonly known as
the arsenal property, for tho use and benefit of the
city, be taken from the table and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
On motion of Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN, it
was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Elizabeth
Montgomery be taken from the files of the Senate
risitns " t0 Committee on Xievolutionary
On motion of Mr. MORTON, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Silas
Shoecra-ft be taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on
Claims:
A bill (H. R. No. 73) for the relief of Ben-
jamin Vanniman;
A bill (H. R. No. 112) forthe relief of George
S. Baker, of Maryvilie, Missouri, for the reissue
of a certain bond ;
A bill (H. R. No. 1418) for the relief of
Charles H. Mallory & Co., of New York;
A bill (H. R. iTo. 1419) for the relief of
Michael F. Gannett;
A bill (H. R. No. 1420) for the relief of
F. and E. Reed, of Bath, Maine; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1421) referring the claim
of the heirs and legal representatives of Col-
onel Francis Vigo, deceased, to the Court of
Claims for adjustment.
The following bills were severally read twice
by their titles, and referred to the Committee
on Patents:
A bill (H. R. No. 1410) for tho relief of
Albert W. Gray ; and
A bill (H. II. No. 1417) for tho relief of
George W. Morse.
reports of committees.
Mr. NYE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
107) for the relief of George C. Bestor, re-
ported it -without amendment, and submitted
a report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 134) for the
relief of certain contractors for the construc-
tion of vessels of war and steam machinery,
reported it without amendment, and submitted
a report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 40) in relation to the Miami Indian
lands in Kansas, reported adversely thereon;
and the bill was postponed indefinitely.
_ Mr. EDMUNDS. The Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
249) granting a pension to Lieutenant W.
H. Parker, have directed me to report it ad-
versely, for the reason that we can find no
evidence anywhere to support it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
dissent, the bill will be indefinitely post-
poned.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S. No.
595) to fix the pay of certain rear admirals
on the retired list of the Navy, have directed
me to report it back without amendment and
ask its passage, and as this is a very short
BUI T venture to ask for its present considera-
tion.
Mr. COLE. Oh no ; let it go on the Cal-
endar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California objects until the morning
business is concluded. The bill will go on
the Calendar.
Mr. BLAIR, from the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 548) for the relief- of Thomas Hughes,
reported it without amendment.
Mr. HARLAN. That is a small matter,
and as I understand the committee are entirely
satisfied  '
The VICE PRESIDENT. Some Senator
has objected to anything being done until the
morning business is concluded.
i ^,r" ^A^AN. 1 Siye notice that I
shall call this bill up as soon as the morning
business is through.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Eoads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 576) increasing the compensa-
tion of letter-carriers under the free delivery
system to $1,200 per annum, have instructed
me to report it back and ask to be discharged
from its further consideration, inasmuch as
the subject-matter of the bill is embraced in
the postal code bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the committee will be discharged
from the further consideration of the bill.
Mr. RAMSEY. Now, Mr. President, it i.s
very important that the postal code bill should
be disposed of. It is the first bill passed by
the House of Representatives at this session.
I ask the Senate, therefore, to give mo next
Friday for its consideration. Let it be made
the special order for that day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It is not yet
before the Senate. The Senator from Minne-
sota asks that by unanimous consent the postal
code bill may be made the special order for
Friday next.
Mr; EDMUNDS. I think I must object.
We have appropriation bills to bring on this
week.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds, to
whom were referred resolutions of the Legis-
lature of New Jersey in favor of the construc-
tion of a post office building at Trenton, New
Jersey, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 185) to provide
for the construction of a building'for the use
of the custom-house,.post office, United States
courts, internal revenue, and other civil offices
in the city of St. Louis, Missouri, reported it
adversely, and the bill was postponed indefi-
nitely, the Senate having already acted upon a
House bill in relation to the same subject.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is a
bill reported from the Committee on Patents,
changing a single word in the patent laws,
which I ask to have considered at the present
moment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Several requests
of that kind have been objected to.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I presume
that there will be 110 objection to this.
Mr. SUMNER. I have morning business.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I withdraw
the request until to-morrow.
coast survey report.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
the Coast Survey report, have directed me to
report it back with an amendment in the nature
of a substitute, and ask for its present consid-
eration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
% there be printed two thousand
the TTn,?)^es? f %rep^1'of th? Superintendent oi
thmH^ed.Stiltes Coast Survey for 1871> of which one
 „?i  i,C piesillaU.b6 for,the use of tho Senate,
fho ^ ? J copies shall be for distribution by
the Superintendent of the Coast Survey.
_ Tho amendment of the Committee on Print-
mg was to strike out all after the word *4 re-
solved," and insert:
Pom? of Representatives con-
extran,8re be ppnjed thirty-five hnndred
the TWol s/t neI)0.r o0f the Superintendent of
Kt4n Pa,tes C?ast Survey for 1871, of which
red 00?le.s shalt be for the "SO of the
if ti n c Representatives, one thousand for the use
ttntond?nt?d °De th°USand f°r tbe use of th#
The amendment was agreed to.
Ihe resolution, as amended, was adopted.
amendment to appropriation bill.
Mr. SAWYER, from the Committee on
-Education and Labor, submitted an amend-
ment intended to be proposed to the bill (II.
Wo- 106°) making appropriations for tho
