APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 25,
Senate.
Political Disabilities—Mr. Morrill.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
more concisely or authoritatively stated than
in the civil rights bill to which 1 have adverted,
and I will read from it as an apt statement of
the privileges and immunities of citizens of
the United States. It declares that—
"All citizens, without regard to race or color,
shall have the same right in every State and Terri-
tory in the United States."
The same right to do what? Not the same
"accommodation, facilities, advantages, and
privileges," in the language of the amend-
ment, in the common schools, the churches,
in the benevolent institutions, in the theaters
and places of amusement; not that, but "the
same right to make and enforce contracts ; to
sue, to be parties, and give evidence, to in-
herit, purchase, lease, sell, hold, and convey
real and personal property; and to full and
equal benefit of all laws and proceedings for
the security of person and property."
Here is defined what is meant by the privi-
leges and immunities of citizens of the United
States and of the several States; but I will
show you in a moment that that is a very dif-
ferent thing from what the honorable Senator
from Massachusetts contemplates. These were
the great and ample privileges and immunities
secured by the Constitution of the United States
to all the citizens of each State in the several
States. If you will turn to the Articles of
Confederation, you will find the same idea of
the privileges and immunities of citizenship:
" The better to secure and perpetuate mutual
friendship and intercourse among the people of the
different States of the Union, the free inhabitants
of each of these States, (paupers, vagabonds, and
fugitives from justice excepted,) shall be entitled to
all privileges and immunities of free citizens in the
several States; and the people ot each State shall
have free ingress and regress to and from any other
State, and shall enjoy therein all the privileges of
trade and commerce, subject to the same duties," &c.
So, when this phrase" privileges and immun-
ities of the citizens of the United States" is
used it should be understood that it does
not mean all the rights that belong to man ; it
means only those common privileges which
one community accords to another in civilized
life. It is not the full extent, of citizenship,
or the rights and privileges of citizenship in a
particular State, by any means; and that is
the distinction.
My honorable friend from Massachusetts
says that he does not design anything more
than what he understands to be precisely
necessary to make freedmen freemen. I un-
derstand his greatpurpose. His great purpose
is to see that the Congress of the United States
shall spread its power over all the States, to
the end that whatever any man, in whatever
capacity, or under any circumstances, has a
right to have in the State, in the family, in his
social or domestic relations, shall belong to
the colored man. Well, sir, I am not quar-
reling with him about, that. That may be well.
That is at least benevolent. I hope to seethe
time when that will come to pass.
But that is not the question we are talking
about here. It is not a question of the rights
and privileges, social, civil, or domestic, which
the colored man ought to have beyond what
he has got. I take no issue with the Senator
on that proposition. The colored citizen of
the United States possesses under the Consti-
tution the same privileges and immunities of
other citizens, and by the fourteenth amend-
ment no State can make any law to abridge,
deny, or deprive him of these rights. What-
ever balongs to the citizen belongs alike to
him. I do not say that he ought not to be
equal before the law and everywhere, socially,
politically, and civilly, in all the States. I
deny him nothing. I do not mean to say that
he ought not to have "accommodation" in
hotels, and into the churches and the schools,
and the theaters and places of amusement, as
my honorable friend contends. That is not
the question for us to consider. That touches
rights of a strictly domiciliary character, and
so not in our province. My position is not
that these "accommodations," &c., may not
be enforced by Congress on behalf of colored
citizens only, but on behalf of any citizen
whatever, and that in this respect, at least,
there is no distinction of race or color, or of
citizenship, but that the exercise of this power
on the part of Congress would be a palpable
invasion of the rights of the people of the
States in their purely domestic relations. That
is a question with the people of the United
States, and not with us. This Constitution
has given us no such authority and no such
power. That might be well; it would be well;
and the great day may come when we shall
be so imbued with the principles of justice
and equality and humanity and Christianity
that we shall embrace everybody in frater-
nal relations, without regard to distinction or
color; when the partition walls of society and
denominations will be thrown down, and we
shall all be of one creed, one faith, one bap-
tism, and so welcome all to our bosoms, to our
firesides, and all that. I hope these things
will be. But that is not a question for the
Congress of the United States. That lies in a
province outside of ours.
Mr. President, there is a great deal of con-
fusion of ideas growing out of that misconcep-
tion of the distinction between the privileges
of citzenship and the rights of man. The
rights of citizenship are one thing, and they
are exceptional to some extent. The rights
of man are quite another, and the rights of
the latter are above the other, as high as the
heavens are above the earth. When you come
to talk about the rights of citizenship, you
talk about a privilege merely. Why, sir, to
come back to first principles, what was a citi-
zen in the olden time ? He was not the
highest style of a man, nor was his privileges
the highest type of lights among men. He
was a man who was supposed to live in a city,
having a certain franchise to do certain things.
He was privileged to do certain things, but he
was not a power in the State always; not always
did he have the right of suffrage even. This
I suggest in passing as proper to illustrate the
limiiations which the law sets always upon
the privileges and immunities of a citizen.
Very little, sir; very little comparatively of
the rights of man are expressed in the term
"privileges and immunities of citizenship."
Outside of all these is a domain which in-
cludes the great body of the rights of man as
man, which includes his domiciliary rights,
sometimes known as home-bred rights, that are
personal to him, that are local and are essen-
tially the issues out of which spring our civil-
ization, and on which is founded that structure
of self-government of the States. Now, the
Senator from Massachusetts proposes, by a
forced construction of the Constitution, to
invade all that. And he proposes to attain
his object through the intervention of the
General Government, irrespective of the con-
sideration to which I have adverted.
I am told, in the language of this bill, that
you seek impartial enjoyment of accommoda-
tions, advantages, facilities, privileges. Where
do you seek that? Where do you demand that
for all the citizens 1 Let us see where. Iu
the case of "common carriers." I have not
the slightest objection that this provision should
be applied to common carriers upon the na-
tional highways. That is proper. We have
a right to do that. But, next, all are to have
"accommodation and facility," &c., in the
inns. What inns? Inns that are conducted
by private corporations or individuals simply,
and the honorable Senator says that is not
regulating anything; that is only declaring a
fact. And when you begin to regulate a State
institution or private corporation, then you
come within the principle so well laid down
by the honorable Senator from New Jersey
[Mr. Frelinghuyse.v] in his most admirable
speech the other day. Can it be said that a law
of Congress requiring and enforcing "accom-
modation, facility, advantage, privilege," in a
purely State instiiution or corporation. whether
religious or charitable, for amusement or en-
tertainment, is not an attempt to regulate such
institutions? Who will deny that?
But further, in a more obvious sense still,
the same "accommodations " are to be ex-
tended to all in "theaters." But what is a
theater? A place of amusement. May a man
be said to be denied a natural right who is
denied admission there? And may a citizen
be said to be denied a privilege and immunity
of a citizen of the United States who should
be abridged in the slightest to full accommo-
dations and facilities therein? Is it an inci-
dent, a badge of slavery, Mr. President, if
you cannot show that you have got .a free
ticket under the authority of the United
States to a theater? That is the implication
from this argument. The Government of the
United States must, at the bidding of the
Senator from Massachusetts, in the mistaken
interests of the colored citizen, legislate to the
end that a citizen of the United States shall
have the authority of the United States to
open the doors of the theater, owned by a
private corporation of a State; and that, we
are told, is necessary in order to perfect the
freedom of the former slaves !
Well, a little further on, "all places of pub-
lic amusement." Just think of that! "All
places of public amusement!" All places of
public amusement, with this qualification, I
believe, "that are recognized by the law."
This would improve the morality of the prop-
osition somewhat, doubtless. But the right
would still extend to a class and style of
amusements which should shame a citizen of
the United States to be thought to desire to be
privileged so. All these places areto be opened
by authority of the United States by the hon-
orable Ssnator's amendment, in order to vindi-
cate the rights of the former slave to his proper
freedom! How many shameless shams in the
way of amusements and quesiionable shows,
under the law license of the States, are here
to be made reputable by the presence of the
authority of the United States! All this is
required, else the Constitution of the United
States is violated! And the spirit of liberty
and the rights of citizenship, the rights of
humanity and equality before the law, are all
gone if " accommodations" in these institu-
tions of the States are not grauted to all men
by the authority of the United States. It may
be so; but I have not been accustomed to
think so.
Next:
"Trustees, commissioners, superintendents, teach-
ers, and all other officers of common schools."
Sir, is it a right of the Government of the
United States to take the direction of the
education of the people ? I know there is a
provision in the Constitution that Congress
may do something for the progress of science
and the useful arts; but how ? By way of
securing to authors and inventors certain rights
therein. But can they promote science or
education by taking the direction of the com-
mon schools of the States? That is the prop-
osition. That is invading a province, I repeat,
which lies outside of the domain of this Gov-
ernment. That is invading a province which
is within that domain which is provided for in
the Constitution of the United States, when it,
says that the powers not herein delegated are
reserved to the people or to the States. That
is a province which you cannot invade.
Mr. President, a great deal of the miscon-
ception which arises here and elsewhere comes
from the fact that we forget, overlook entirely
the different province of the Slates and of the
