1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2745
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found duly enrolled a bill
of the following title; when the Speaker
signed the same:
A bill (H. R. No. 1930) relating to proposals
and contracts for transportation of the mails,
and for other purposes.
mobile harbor.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in answer to a resolution of the
House of April 5, 1872, in relation to the
improvement of Mobile harbor; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
clothing to disabled soldiers.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to clothing issued
to disabled soldiers in national asylum3 ; which
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
territorial penitentiaries.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Attorney General, in answer to a resolution
of the House of April 19, 1872, transmitting
a statement showing the cost of equipping and
maintaining the penitentiaries in the Territo-
ries of Colorado, Montana, and Idaho, to this
date ; which was referred to the Committee on
the Territories, and ordered to be printed.
light-house.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution of
the House of February 21, 1872, in relation
to alight-house at Solomon's Lump, between
Tangier sound and Chesapeake bay; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
a. snyder.
Tho SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in compliance with a request
of the Committee of Claims, relating to the
claim of A. Snyder, late deputy provost mar-
shal of the twenty-fifth district of the State of
New York; which was referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
south carolina election contest.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House additional papers
in the election contest from the fourth district
of South Carolina; which were referred to
the Committee of Elections.
pay of female nurses.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in compliance with a request
of the Committee on Military Affairs, in rela-
tion to the payment of female nurses for ser-
vices during the late war; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and or-
dered to be printed.
printing os a report.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House, a concurrent
resolution of the Senate for priming extra
copies of the report of the Senate Retrench-
ment Committee upon alleged abuses in the
New York custom-house; which was referred
to the Committee on Printing.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. BANKS, leave was granted
to withdraw from the files of the House the
petition of Mrs. Mary G. Morse, widow of Dr.
J. H. Morse, for a pension.
On motion of Mr. HARPER, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the petition
and papers of William Neer, John Sherman,
E. R. Hampton, R. W. Logan, and S. K.
Stancil.
On motion of Mr. BRAXTON, by unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of papers
in the case of Philip Slaughter.
leave op absence.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Carroll for two weeks.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. McClelland for two days.
metropolitan police
Mr. CHIPMAN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2472) to amend
and consolidate the several acts establishing
and relating to the Metropolitan police of the
District of Columbia; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
for the District of Columbia, and ordered to
be printed.
utah, idaho, and montana railroad.
Mr. CLAGETT, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 2473) granting
the right of way through the public lands for
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line to the Utah, Tdabo, and Montana Rail-
road Company; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Commiteee on the
Territories, and ordered to be printed.
orange and alexandria railroad.
Mr. BRAXTON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 2474) to allow the
Orange and Alexandria Railroad Company to
establish a depot and form connection wiih
other railroads in the District of Columbia;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
additional ports of entry.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I ask
unanimous consent of the House to report for
consideration at this time, from the Commit-
tee on Commerce, a bill to create three new
ports of entry.
Mr. DICKEY. I object.
arizona claims.
Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York, by unani-
mous consent, reported back frijin the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs the letter of the Secre-
tary of War on tbe subject of the claims of
individuals for damages doneat Camp Mohave,
in the Territory of Arizona; and moved that
the committee be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
uniform system 01' bankruptcy.
Mr. MERCUR. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, with amendments, House bill No. 1929,
to amend an act entitled "An act to establish
a uniform system of bankruptcy throughout the
United States,'1 approved March 2, 1867, and
the several acts amendatory thereof; and that
the same be printed and recommitted to the
committee, not to be brought back into the
House upon a motion to reconsider.
No objection was made: and it was ordered
accordingly.
municipal court in the district.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I ask unanimous consent
to have taken from the Speaker's table and
referred to the Committee for the District of
Columbia, not to be brought back into the
House by a motion to reconsider. Senate hill
No. 637, to establish a municipal court in the
District of Columbia, and for other purposes.
No objection was made; and accordingly the
bill was taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.'
order of business.
Mr. CONGER. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Commerce,
for consideration at this time, a bill making a
slight amendment in the present law for. > • ■
Mr. RANDALL. I object, and call for the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business is the motion of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Dickey,] that the House
now take a recess until half past seven o'clock
this evening. By order of the House, the
session of this evening is to be devoted ex-
clusively to the consideration of reports from
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and fifty minutes p. m.) the
House took a recess till seven and a half
o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
Agreeably to order, the House reassembled
at half past seven o'clock p. m., Mr, Niblack
occupying the chair as Speaker pro tempore.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. By order of
the House, the session of this evening is de-
voted to the consideration of reports from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
anne penny.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported back,
with a favorable recommendation, a bill (H.
R. No. 2476) for the relief of Anne Penny.
The bill authorizes and requires the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place upon the pension-
roll, at the rate of eight dollars per month, the
name of Anne Penuy, mother of Alexander
Bruce, who was a private in company I, elev-
enth regiment Pennsylvania reserves, and who
died at Andersonville. But if hereafter the
widow of Bruce shall establish her right to a
pension as his widow, then the right of Anne
Penny to receive this pension is to cease.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid.on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
john s. hall.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, also, from
the same committee, reported back, with a
favorable recommendation, a bill (H. R. No.
2477) for the relief of John S. Hall, of Ritchie
county, West Virginia.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, at the rate of
eight dollars a month from the date of this act,
the name of John S. Hall, late a teamster in
Captain Stewart's company, fourth brigade
United States Army.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a tfeird lime ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sarah ba1rd.
Mr. SPEER. of Pennsylvania, also, from
the same committee, reported a bill (EL R.
No. 2478) granting a pension to Sarah Baird ;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place upon the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Sarah Baird, widow of
Thomas Baird, late a sergeant in company C,
fourth Pennsylvania cavalry, the pension to
take effect from the passage of the act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the tote by which the bill was
