1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3641
in the face of the unanimous consent of the
Senate, and this motion will test the sense of
the Senate whether they desire the Senator
should make such a motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania, to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The order there-
fore remains in force unless the Senate, when
not engaged in the transaction of other busi-
ness, shall take the motion to reconsider from
the table. The Senator from Missouri is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the Senator to allow
me to offer a resolution to be referred to a
committee.
Mr. BLAIR. Certainly.
associated press reporter.
Mr. HAMLIN. I offer the following reso-
lution :
Whereas there was published in the Boston Daily
Advertiser, a newspaper printed in Boston, Massa-
chusetts, on the 18th day of May instant, a card in
the following words, to wit:
A Card.
"Washington, D. C., May 17. 1872.
To the editor of the Boston Daily Advertiser :
As you have to-day published Seaator Conkling's
slanderous attack upon the Associated Press and
some of its employes, please give me space to say that
all his statements relating to me. except that I sit
in the reporters' gallery, are absolutely false.
Respectfully, A DEVINE,
Reporter United States Senate for Associated Press,
And whereas the said Devine has held and now
holds his place in the Senate gallery as reporter for
the Associated Press by the favor and courtesy of the
Senate; and the said Devine being justly censurable
for the publication of said card, and having for-
faited all claim to the future courtesy of the Senate s
Therefore,
Resolved, That the said A. Devine be, and hereby is,
expelted from the galleries of the Senate for the
future.
I ask that it be referred to the Committee
on Privileges and Elections.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I object; let it lie over.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Objection is
made, and the resolution will lie over.
message from the house.
A message frotn the House of Represent-
ative's, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, an-
nounced that the House had concurred in the
report of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on_ the
bill (H. R. No. 1192) making appropriations
for the current and contingent expenses of the
Indian department, and for fulfilling treaty
stipulations with various Indian tribes, for the
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills :
A bill (S. No. 199) for the relief of L. Mer-
chant & Co.; and
A bill (S. No. 518) for the relief of William
Nixon, of West Virginia.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the bill (S. No. 163) for the
relief of Mrs. Martha L. House Russell, with an
amendment; in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had non-concurred in theamendment of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 2116) to amend an
act entitled "An act to provide for the better
security of life on board of vessels propelled
in whole or in part by steam, and for other
purposes," approved February 28,1871, asked
a conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses thereon, and had appointed Mr.
James S. Negley of Pennsylvania, Mr. Omar
D, Conger of Michigan, and Mr. Samuel Ham-
BLETONof Maryland, managers at the same on
its part.
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills ; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1481) for the relief of
John C. Conner;
A bill (H. R. No. 1751) for the relief of
Thomas Poster, a citizen of Louisiana ;
A bill (H. R. No 1899) for the relief of
W. T. Bowers;
A bill (H. R. No. 1939) for the benefit of
the Louisville and Bardstown Turnpike Com-
pany ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2035) to provide for the
examination and payment of the claim of
Albert Grant";
A bill (H. R. No. 2291) for the relief of
Edmund Jussen;
A bill (H. R. No. 2789) for the relief of
John J. Smith ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2582) making appropria-
tions for the payment of claims reported al-
lowed by the commissioners of claims under
the act of Congress of March 3, 1871;
A bill (H. R. No. 2786) for the relief of
James A. Drew and others ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2709) for the relief of
the State of Connecticut and other States ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2787) for the relief of
Harlow J. Phelps & Co.;
A bill (H. R. No. 2788) for the relief of
Richard R. Boiling;
A bill (H. R. No. 2791) for the relief of
William J. Clark, administrator of Gad E.
Upson, deceased ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2792) for the relief of
Spurck h Spier;
A bill (H. R. No. 2794) for the relief of
Christopher Green and Hugh C. Trainor;
A bill (H. R. No. 2795) for the relief of
George P. Tracy, postmaster at Bridgeport,
Connecticut;
A bill (H. R. No. 2802) for the relief of
Charles Richards;
A bill (H. R. -No. 2803) for the relief of
Samuel S. Potter;
A bill (H. R. No. 2804) for the relief of
Joseph Dawson;
A bill (H. R. No. 2805) for the relief of
J. T. Newcomer;
A bill (H. R. No. 2806) for the relief of
Richard T. Morsell, of Washington, District
of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 2807) for the relief of
Robert B. Williamson ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2808) for the relief of
Robert Brighatn, late postmaster at Franklin,
Pennsylvania.
criminal practice.
Mr. THURMAN submitted the following:
Thje committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on Senate bill No. 468, to
regulate criminal practice in the Federal courts,
after a full and free conference have agreed to rec-
ommend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses as follows:
That the House of Representatives do recede from
their amendment to said bill, and do isgree to said
bill with the following amendment, to wit: striko
out all after the word " ouster," and insert in lieu
of the words stricken out the following: "and
thereupon a trial may be ordered at the same term,
or a continuance may be ordered, as justice may
requireand that the Senate agree to the same.
A. G. THURMAN,
ROSCOE CONKLIVG.
ERED'K T.FRELINGHUYSEN,
Managers on the 'part of the Senate.
JOHN A. BINGHAM,
GEO. F. HOAE,
R. MILTON SPEER,
Managers on thepart of the House.
The report was concurred in.
extension 01' ku ivlux act.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Blair] give me a moment to
take from the table the motion to reconsider
which was laid on the table, with a view of say-
ing a single word upon it which the Senator
from Pennsylvania had not the courtesy to
allow me to say a moment ago?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I .move to take from
the table the motion to reconsider which was
laid on the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator, as he stated to him a
moment since, that the bill reported by the
Senator from Pennsylvania is now before the
Senate, and upon it the Senator from Missouri
is entitled to the floor. If that bill is laid on
the table, a motion to take up the motion to
reconsider, or any other matter on the Cal-
endar, would then be in order.
Mr TRUMBULL. Would it not be in
order to make a motion to reconsider affecting
this business at any time?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not during the
pendency of the bill itself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I will move, with
the consent of the Senator from Missouri, to
postpone the consideration of the present bill
until to-morrow. That, I think, is in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
in order and debatable.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And upon that, with
his permission, I will say a word which the
courtesy of the Senator from Pennsylvania
would not allow me to say before.
Mr. SCOTT. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not give way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Missouri was entitled to the floor, but he yieldg
to the Senator from Illinois, who takes the
floor and moves that the further consideration
of this bill be postponed until to-morrow.
. Mr. SHELiMAN. Is that in order?
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Ohio makes the point of order, the Chair
will decide that the Senator from Missouri
cannot transfer his right to the Senator from
Illinois except by himself surrendering the
floor, so that the Chair may assign it if the
point is made against him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I will ask the
Senator to surrender me the floor for the pur-
pose I have stated.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri cannot, except with the consent
of the Senate, transfer his right to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I will ask the
Senator to give me the floor absolutely. I
think he will have no difficulty in getting it
afterward.
Mr. BLAIR. Very well, sir; I will do that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Seuator
from Illinois is now entitled to the floor upon
the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I desire
to state, as I should have stated before if an
opportunity bad been offered, why I entered
the motion to reconsider what was entered on
the Journal as an order, by which the Senate
had bound itself by a rule more arbitrary even
than a previous question. It was the intro-
duction of an absolute rule into the Senate in
violation of all its traditions and of all its
history. While I am willing to agree, and
have often done it when debate is exhausted
or there has been a fair opportunity for debate
upon a question, to take the vote by unanimous
consent at a particular time, I am not willing
to have an arbitrary rule introduced into the
Senate by which the Senate becomes bound
to close debate at a particular time upon a
question, except so far as its members upon
their honor may act, which they have always
do.ie hitherto when the occasion has re-
quired it.
I did not observe the order when it was
made. I certainly never gave unanimous con-
sent myself, though I thought I was present
when the conversation took place in regard to
fixing the time for the closing of debate on
this subject. It is probable I may have been
out of the Senate at the moment. I certaiuly
did not know until I learned afterward that it
had been done, that such an order had been
made. It is not that I object to taking the
vote to-morrow by unanimous consent——
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator will allow
me, I will state the circumstances which led
to making this order. I was surprised when
the Senator made his motion this morning,
because I thought he was present when the
order was made ; but it occurred about an hour
or two after the conversation during the mora-
