58
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 11,
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
taxation.
Mr. MeNEBLY introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 53) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States in
regard to taxation; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
mississippi and michigan ship-canal.
Mr. SNAPP introduced a bill (H. R. No.
556) for the construction of a ship-canal for
the passage of armed and naval vessels from
the Mississippi river to Lake Michigan, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SNAPP. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Railways and
Canals.
Mr. CONGER. I move to amend that mo-
tion so that the bill shall be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SNAPP. I prefer that it shall go to
the Committee on Railways and Canals.
Mr. PETERS. I ask that the bill may be
read at length.
The bill was read.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Conger, to refer the bill to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Conger] will not
insist upon his motion.
The SPEAKER. The question is not de-
batable.
Mr. CONGER. I understand the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Snapp] accepts my amend-
ment to have this bill referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce.
Mr. SNAPP. I will not. object.
The bill was accordingly referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
elizabeth york.
Mr. MOOREintroducedabill(H. R. No. 557)
granting a pension to Elizabeth York; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
mally s. home.
Mr. MOORE also introduced a bill (H. R.
No; 558) granting a pension to Mary S. Home;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Commiitee on Invalid Pensions.
additional pay to volunteers.
Mr. BEVERIDGE introduced a bill (II. R.
No. 559) for additional pay to persons commis-
sioned in the volunteer service and not mus-
tered in new rank; which was rend a first aud
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
duties at chicago.
Mr. BEVERIDGE also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 560) for the suspension of the col-
lection of duties on goods, &c., at the port of
Chicago; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
territory op oklahoma.
Mr. "WELLS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
561) to organize the Territory of Oklahoma,
and consolidate certain Indian tribes under
territorial government; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Territories, and ordered to be printed.
thomas b. wallace.
Mr. COMINGO introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 562) for the relief of Thomas B. Wallace,
of Lexington^ Missouri ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
public building at kansas city.
Mr. COMINGO also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 563) to provide for a building at Kan-
sas City, Missouri, for the use of the post office
and internal revenue offices; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
jurisdiction of court of claims.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 564) to amend an act entitled
" An act to restrict the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims, and provide for the payment
of certain demands for quartermasters' stores
and subsistence supplies furnished to the Army
of the United States," approved July 4,1864;
which was read a first and second time,referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
missouri, kansas, and texas railroad.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri, also intro-
duced abill(H.R. No.565)designating the point
at which the Missouri, Kansas, and Texas rail-
road may cross Red river ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Railways and Canals.
william m. NEECE.
Mr. HAVENS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
566) for the relief of William M. Neece ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
hugh wallace.
Mr. HAVENS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 567) grantinga pension to Hugh Wallace;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
william s. johnson.
Mr. HAVENS also introduced a bill (H, R.
No. 568) for the relief of William S. Johnson ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
charles a. steiniiard.
Mr. HAVENS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 569) for the relief of Charles A. Stein-
hard; which was read a first- aud second time,
and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
pay op army opeicers.
Mr. HAVENS also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 570) placing the officers of certain Mis-
souri troops upon an equal footing with others
as to the three months' pay proper authorized
by an act approved March 3, 1865; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
marriage and education.
Mr. KING introduced a joint resolution (H.
R. No. 51) proposing an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States in regard to
the marriage and education of the white and
colored inhabitants of the Unir,ed States; which
was read a first aud second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
pp.ancis m. monks.
Mr. EDWARDS introduced a bill (H. R.
No; 571) for the relief of Francis M. Monks;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
amos parling.
Mr. STOUGHTON introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 572) granting a pension to Amos Far-
ling, of Buchanan, Michigan ; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
asiiep. a. spicbr.
/T^r-r, SLOUGH ION also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 573) for the relief of Aslier A.
Spicer; which was read afirst and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
equalization oi? bounties.
Mr- STOUGHTON also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. o<4) to equalize the bounties of
soldiers, sailors, and marines who served in
the late war for the suppression of the rebel-
lion; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
setii m. wiiitleu.
Mr. STOUGHTON also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 575) for the relief of Seth M.
Whitler, late private of the fourth regiment
Michigan infantry; which waa read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, aud ordered to be printed.
mary petrie.
Mr. STOUGHTON also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 57G) for the relief of Mary Petrie,
widow of George C. Petrie, late n private sev-
enteenth Michigan infantry volunteers; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
additional bounty.
Mr. STOUGHTON also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 577) to extend the time for filing
claims for additional bounty under the act of
July 28, 1866; which was read a first and sec-
ond time; referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
military road.
Mr. SUTHERLAND introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 578) to extend the time for the com-
pletion of the military road from Fort Wilkin,
at Copper Harbor, in the State of Michigan,
to Fort Howard, at Green Bay, in the State of
Wisconsin ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
abraham cooper.
Mr. WALDRON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 579) granting a pension to Abraham
Cooper; which was read a first and second
i time^ referred to the Committee on Invalid
1 Pensions, and ordered to be printed.
remoyal op political disabilities.
Mr. CONNER introduced a bill (H. Ii. No.
580) to remove political disabilities from cer-
tain citizens of Texas ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
x. h. carpenter
Mr. DONNAN introduced a bill (II. R. No.
581) to restore the name of T. H. Carpenter,
late caotain seventeenth United States infatitrv,
to the rolls of the Army ; which was read'a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
sarah t. clough.
Mr. DONNA.N also introduced a bill (H. R.
granting arrears of pension to Sarah
i. Clough; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
irrigation op bear rivek valley.
Mr. McCRARY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 583) to provide for the irrigation of Bear
River valley, in Utah Territory; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
utilizing water power.
McCRARY also introduced a bill (H.
R. No, 584) providing for utilizing certain
water power; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
■tames h. jordon.
Mr. McCRARY also introduced a bill (H.
R. ISO. 585) for the relief of James II. Jor-
La surviving partner of Jordon & Cane,
c " ®uren couaty> *owa 5 which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
