1850
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
Mr. BOREMAN. The date there seems to
need correction.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair was
about to ask consent to have it changed if the
Secretary should be correct in his recollection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the date of the
last report I could find; but the Secretary will
correct it according to the fact.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be cor-
rected, by the unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate, if it is found that there are reports to a
later date.
The resolution was adopted.
COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. STEWART. I ask to be excused from
further service upon the Committee on Claims.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada asks to be excused from serving
on the Committee on Claims. Is there objec-
tion?
Mr. POMEROY. I object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Kansas objects.
Mr. POMEROY. I will not object if the
Senator insists upon being excused ; but I am
very sorry to have him leave the committee.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The_ Chair will
submit the question to the Senate if any Sen-
ator objects.
The question being put, Mr. Stewart was
excused.
SIMEON SAVAdK.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. I desire to make
a motion to reconsider the vote whereby the bill
(S. No. 649) for the relief of Simeon Savage
was indefinitely postponed yesterday, simply
that it may go on the Calendar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, action will be taken on that motion
at once. The Senator from Maine moves that
the vote by which the bill indicated by him
was postponed indefinitely yesterday be recon-
sidered.
The motion was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will now
be placed on the Calendar with the adverse
report of the committee.
LAKE ST. CROIX AND SUI'UKIOR KAILKOAD.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move that the Sen-
ate non-concur in the amendment of the House
of Representatives to the bill (S. No. 565) to
extend the time to the State of Wisconsin to
complete a road from Lake St. Croix to Lake
Superior, and ask for a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will first have
to be taken up in the Senate.
Mr. CARPENTER. I move that it be
taken up for that single purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was staled by
the President pro tempore, the Senator from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Anthony,] some days ago,
that the question of concurrence would have
priority if the question was raised in the Sen-
ate. If there be no objection the amendment
will be regarded as before the Senate. The
Senator from Wisconsin now moves that the
Senate non-concur, and ask for the appoint-
ment of a committee of conference.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no desire to de-
bate this matter. Every Senator will remem-
ber that this is a bill to renew a land grant to
the State of Wisconsin. It was not debated
in the Senate, but I suppose every Senator
understands it. It was debated a long time
in the House of Representatives, and they
have adopted an amendment which declares a
forfeiture of the land grant by lapse of time.
All that I desire is a yea and nay vote on the
amendment. I am acting, as I conceive, under
instructions from the people of the State of
Ohio to oppose land grants, and I regard the
extension of a land grant, especially after a
lapse of fifteen or sixteen years, as more ob-
jectionable in some respects than an original
laud grant. All I desire is not to consume
time, but to have a direct vote of the Senate
upon the amendment. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendment of the House of
Representatives.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is the first
question that arises. The Senator from Wis-
consin asks for a disagreement, but the Sena-
tor from Ohio insists on the motion to concur.
The question will be on concurring in_ the
amendment of the House of Representatives.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that question I wish
to have the amendment read, so that we can
understand it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The_ question
now is on concurrence, that point being raised
by the Senator from Ohio, and the Secretary
will report the amendment of the House of
Representatives.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment as
follows:
Strike out all after the enacting clause of the bill,
and insert in lieu thereof:
That all the lands which were granted by Congress
in the year 1856 and the year 1864 to the State of Wis-
consin to aid in the construction of a railroad from
St. Croix river or lake to Lake Superior, with a
branch road to Bayfield, the said grant having ex-
pired by limitation, bo, and hereby are, forfeited to
the United States, and shall henceforward be sub-
ject to homestead entry and settlement under the
act of Congress approved May 20, 1862, "to secure
homesteads to actual settlers on the public domain,"
and shall be disposed of according to the provisions
ofsaid act. But no part of said lands shall be selected
by or inure to the benefit of any railroad company
under any assumed grant from the United States;
and said lands are expressly reserved for the benefit
of actual settlers under tho provisions oi the &aid
homestead act: Provided, That no lands embraced in
the grant to the St. Croix railroad shall in any case
revert to the Northern Pacific RaUroad Company,
and all acts or parts of acts inconsistent with this
provision are hereby repealed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The House of
Representatives also propose to amend the
title ; but that, of course, will be governed by
the action of the Senate on the amendment.
The question now is on concurring with the
amendment of the House of Representatives.
Mr. CARPENTER. I do not intend to
take up any of the time of the Senate in regard
to this bill. It was before the Senate on a
former occasion, was somewhat debated, and
passed, as I recollect, upon a call of the yeas
and nays. There are peculiar circumstances
about it, however, which I trust the Senate will
forgive me for briefly alluding to.
In the first place, the grant was for a longer
line of road than is now concerned in the par-
ticular grant, and a great portion of that road
has already been completed. Some twenty
miles of this particular section that is inter-
ested in this renewal has been also completed,
as I understand. It is also certified to us that
about one hundred and seventy-five thousand
acres along the line of this road have been sold
by the Government at the increased price of
$2 50 per acre, those men buying their farms
with the understanding that this road was to
be built, paying that increased price on the
faith of the building of the road.
Now, I believe there never has been an in-
stance before where the Government of the
United States has taken advantage of a State
in regard to a land grant if satisfied that the
road was to be built within some reasonable
time. The renewal which has been had be-
fore is to be taken in connection with the facts
and circumstances of the case. It must be
remembered that we have had along warpend
ingthis renewal, that the people in that section
of the country were greatly impoverished by
it, decimated in population by the soldiers
sent to the war, and it became impossible
under the circumstances to induce capital to be
invested in time so as to complete the road
within the time fixed by the act.
Under these circumstances, it does seem to
me that to enforce a forfeiture here (for that is
what it comes to) against the State of Wiscon-
sin, for the first time in all the history of the
country, would be a very harsh proceeding,
which I believe the State of Wisconsin has
done nothing to call for.
Mr. POMEROY. If we conclude not to
extend Jhis time, we ought not to go into a new
series of legislation on the subject. If this
forfeiture is to be enforced, some provision
must be made for those settlers who have paid
$2 50 for their lands and get no railroad. The
Government has taken their money. If this
forfeiture is to be enforced, what is the justice
of saying that the lands shall not revert to a
company that is already entitled to them ?
This amendment goes onto say that the North-
ern Pacific Railroad Company shall not in any
event have these lands. Now, if the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company is entitled to them
by virtue of existing law, I should like to know
how we can legislate that right away. Their
act passed several years ago ; and if they have
got any rights, they have vested. Now, this
act goes on to say that notwithstanding we
will enforce the forfeiture and declare these
lands to be public lands, yet they shall not
inure to a company that is entitled to them
under the law.
What kind of legislation is that? What
kind of an act would that be for us to put upon
the statute-book on the mere question of for-
feiture ? If these lands are forfeited to the
Government of the United States, let them be
administered upon under the existing law; let
them go exactly where the law as it now stands
will carry them. If settlers are entitled to
them, let them have them. If any other com-
pany is entitled to tjjem under the existing
law, let them go there. For us to say in a,
statute in the nature of an ex post facto law,
that is, a statute passed after the lands have
reverLed, that they shall not go where the law
requires them to go, is a species of legislation
that I do not propose to engage in.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I should like to ask
the Senator from Kansas a question. If these
lands have already vested in the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company, what power is there
in Congress to secure them to the St. Croix
road? •
Mr. POMEROY. My idea is that there is
no such powerin Congressas is here proposed.
I was asking why should we pass a law depriv-
ing a company of lands to which they are en-
titled under the existing law. That is my
point.
Mr. SHERMAN. There was one remark
made by the Senator from Wisconsin and the
Senator from Kansas which demands a reply.
They claim now that this bill ought to be passed
to secure the rights of settlers who in faith of
the grant bought land at $2 50 an acre. That
very remark shows the gross hardship of the
renewal of a grant made seventeen years ago.
Who has injured these settlers? Why did they
pay $2 50 an acre for this land? Simply be-
cause the railroad company agreed to build
this road. If the railroad company had com-
plied with its agreement and built the road
their land would have been worth $2 50 an
acre; but because it did not these settlers
have been injured. The land which they paid
double price for has remained on their hands
a dead investment for some sixteen years. Now
the injury done by the railroad company to
these settlers is made tbe ground for renewing
a grant at the end of sixteen years. It seems
to me the argument is rather the other way.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will my friend from
Ohio allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CARPENTER. The settlers on that
line of road think it is "better late than
never" to get their rights. If the Senator's
view should prevail, they have not only not
got their railroad up to the present time, but
they will never get it. Now, owing to cir-
cumstances which, in the opinion of our peo-
ple, justify, or at least excuse or explain that
delay, they have not as yet had the road; and
the Senator says they never shall have it.
We want the road, and we want the grant
renewed to secure the building of the road;
and the circumstances of the delay—the con-
tinuance of the war and the drain upon that,
