3642
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
ing terns. At the suggestion of several Sena-
tors, after consulting with the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Blair] and the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Stevekson,] who had made
an objection to the motion I had submitted, I
drew up in writipg this order and handed it to
a page, having first consulted them,, and sent
it to every Senator. At least I told the page
to show it to Senators and see if there was
any objection to it', and bring me word after
showing it, around. He brought it back, and
a conversation occurred in regard to it, the
Senate being very full, certainly much more
than a quorum present; and at the suggestion
of some one it was entered 011 the Journal, so
that there could be no controversy about its
terms. Perhaps I made the suggestion my-
self. Those are the circumstances under
which the order was made. It had the assent
• of the! Senator from Missouri, who had the
floor, and it was offered after consulting the
Senator from Kentucky, who previously ob-
jected, and after the paper had gone around,
as I supposed, to every Senator.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I must have been out
of the Chamber at the moment, because I did
not see it. I was present at the conversation
that took place during the morning, and I was
surprised when I saw that such an order had
been entered! The Senator from Ohio alone
may understand me as objecting to putting
this on the Journal as an order. I have no
objection myself to agree to take the vote at
any time which will suit the convenience of
the Senate, to-morrow, or perhaps earlier, so
far as I know ; but 1 do object to introducing
this system into the Senate, and I wanted my
protest to appear against it, and it was for that
purpose that I made the motion to reconsider.
Now, having accomplished the object I had in
view, I will withdraw tiie motion to postpone.
I will leave the motion to reconsider as it
stands; that lies oh the table; but I withdraw
the motion to postpone, and am willing to yield
the floor.
Mr. SCOTT. I ask for a moment the cour-
tesy of the Senator from Missouri.
Mr, BLAIR. Certainly.
Mr. SCO IT. Mr. President, 1 would not
trouble the Senate wtth one word were it not
that the Senator from Illinois lias m the few
returnks that he saw proper to make attributed
in a complaining tone a want of courtesy to
me. It will lie remembered that, the order
which he sought to reconsider was not. made
at my instance. The order was made at. the
instance of the Senator from Ohio, and as I
understood that Senator, he had gathered the
sense of the. Senate and obtained the consent,
ol' the Senate to that order duiing the tune
that 1 occupied the tloor in making a speech.
When the Senator this morning made the
motion to reconsider I took it for granted
that, his purpose was to postpone entitvly the
consideration of the bill which 1 had elturge
of, and it. was for thiit. reason that I made (lie
motion to lay his motion upon the table. If
the Senator from Illinois lutil appealed to me
to give him an opportunity of making a state-
ment of his personal reasons for making this
protest—1 did not hear such an appeal—I
would gladly have granted it.
That Senator took occasion, a short time
ago, to remind rr,o that, tny service in the Sen-
ate had been short—not as long as his ; and 1
agree that 1 may at times fail perhaps in ob-
serving some of the ancient rules of the Senate.
But, in the short time that I have been here, I
have endeavored to extend to my brethren iu
the Senate all the courtesy of which I have &
knowledge as prevailing iti the Senate; and if
I have failed in this toward the Senator trom
Illinois, certainly it was not because i did not
wi&h to extend to him every couitesy that I
extend to every other member of the Senate.
It was for the reason I have given, that I took
it for granted that his motion whs a hostile
motion to the bill of which I have charge, and
not because I would not, at any time, be glad
to extend to any Senator the opportunity of
explaining his personal reasons for wishing to
get a protest upon the record of the Senate.
steamboat law.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Will the Senator from.
Missouri give way to me for one moment to
move the reconsideration of a measure ?
Mr. BLAIR. Yes, sir.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I wish to enter a motion
to reconsider a bill. I believe it is a bill to
amend an act entitled " An act to regulate the
foreign and coasting trade on the northern,
northeastern, and northwestern frontiers of the
United States, and for other purposes." I
desire to say to the Senator from Michigan,
the chairman of the Committee on Commerce,
that in consequence of a letter received yes-
terday I deem it tny duty to enter a motion to
reconsider a measure which was suspended
during the passage of the Senator's bill from
the Committee on Commerce for a day, and
afterward without much, if any, consideration
passed the Senate. I had a verbal conversa-
tion with the Senator in reference to it at the
time, wishing to have more opportunity to
examine it, I therefore now, in consequence
of a letter, desire to enter a motion to recon-
sider, and to-morrow I will take occasion to
refer to the letter which I have received.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
informs the Chair that this bill referred to was
passed on the 14th of May, according to the
record. If that is so, the Senator cannot now
move to reconsider without unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I think the reference
must be to the steamboat bill, so called.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes.
The VICE PRESIDENT. On the steam-
boat bill the House of Representatives have
asked lor a conference.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Is it in time to enter a
motion to reconsider that bill?
- The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not, because it has passed to a different stage
now. That bill has been returned to the House
of Representatives, they have non-concurred
in the amendments of the Senate and asked for
the appointment of a conference committee,
and have named the conferees. A message to
that effect, is now lying on the table. That,
however, is riot the title of ilie bill first,givenby
tliM Senator from Khode Island. If the Senator
will send up the bill, the Secretary will examine
more closely.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It is the steamboat bill,
I am informed, to which I refer.
Mr. CHANDLER. If the steamboat bill
is the bill, the House have already actcd upon
it, rejected the amendments of the Senate, and
asked for a committee of conference.
Mr, SPRAGUE, Thatd oes not make any
difleretice it there is a rule which permits a
Senator to interpose a motion to reconsider.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that by the usage of the Senate after a
bill has passed this stage it is not in the power
of the Senate to reconsider unless the House
should call the bill back and divest it of their
action. The rule does say that within two
days a motion to reconsider may be made ;
but suppose the bill that has passed has been
signed^ by the President, then a motion to
reconsider could not be made.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move then that the
Senate request, the House to return the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator that, though it is an un-
usual motion, the only motion the Chair could
understand to reach this case would be that a
message be sent trom the Seriate asking the
House to reconsider their action disagreeing
to the amendments of the Senate and asking
for a committee of conference, or to have
action suspended here and have the House
of Representativesrecall their message, which-
ever course the Senator desires.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Letittake the first course
by the Chair. I only want to get it
before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
in a few moments will prepare an order that
probably may meet the view of the Senator.
It will be a novel proposition ; and therefore
it had better be in writing. The bill has passed
the stage where the usual motion to reconsider
8itt2iCll6S
Mr. BOREMAN. If the Senator has any
objection to the provisions that are in con-
troversy between the two Houses on the steam-
boat bill, he might go before the committee of
conference and probably have his grievances
righted.
Mr. CHANDLER. That will be better.
Let the Senate insist on its amendments and
agree to a committee of conference, and then
let the Senator from Rhode Island be heard
before that committee.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I would rather go to
seventy-four members than to six, if I have any
grievance.
Mr. BOREMAN. The only way, I appre-
hend, would be to refuse to concur in the
request from the House for a committee of
conference, and let the bill go back.
The VICE PRESIDENT^ That^ could be
done. The Senator from Missouri is entitled
to the floor, and the Chair cannot submit this
matter now except by unanimous consent, and,
therefore, if there is objection he must re-
serve it until the commencement of the morn-
ing hour to-rborrow. In the mean time, the
Secretary will make out some order to suit the
view of the Senator from Rhode Island.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Its going over does not
deprive me of my right under the rule to
make a motion to reconsider within two days.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The" Cbair has
already ruled that a motion to reconsider is
not in order upon this hill in its present «tage.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Then the rule is mere
waste paper.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The rule is a very
emphatic rule, and under all ordinary circum
stances of legislation it is in force; but if a bill
shall have been sent to the President of the
United States and returned with his signature,
a Senator could pot move to reconsider within
two days.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The rule itself expressly
provides that " no motion tor the reconsider-
ation of any vote shall be in order after the
bill, resolution, message, report, amendment,
or motion upon which the vote was taken shall
have gone out of the possession of the Senate
announcing their decision."
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair had
so stated, and the bill has not only gone beyond
that stage, but gone to another stage in the
House of Representatives.
message from the house,
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House had concurred in the resolution
ot the Senaffe to adjourn the two Houses of
Congress on Wednesday, the 29th of May
instant, at twelve o'clock m.
tax and tariff bill.
_ Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to make a mo-
tion that the Senate order what is called the
tariff and tax bill to be printed in advance of
its formal delivery to the Senate. The bill
has passed the House, hut, cannot reach us
formally until to-morrow morning. In the
mean time I desire it to be printed, and it will
be delivered informally by the Clerk of the
House to our Secretary for that purpose.
The motion was agreed to.
executive business.
Mr. CAMERON. I give notice to the Sen-
ate that 1 will on Wednesday at twelve o'clock
ask the Senate to go mto executive session.
extension or the ku klux act.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
