1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
59
COMMERCE AMONG THE STATES.
Mr. McCRARY also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 686) to regulate commerce among the
several States; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
ROBERT SUTHERLAND.
Mr. McCRARY also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 587) for the relief of Robert Suther-
land ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
WILLIAM MOUNT.
Mr. McCRARY also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 688) for the relief of William Mount;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
JOSEPH A. MONTGOMERY.
Mr. McCRARY also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 589) granting a pension to Joseph A.
Montgomery; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
RELIEF OF SETTLERS ON PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. ORR introduced a bill (H. R. No. 690)
for the relief of certain settlers on the public
lands in Iowa under the provisions of the
homestead law; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
LETTEIl-CARRIERS.
Mr. COTTON introduced a bill (H. R. No.
591) in relation to the employment of letter-
carriers; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
AMENDMENT TO CONSTITUTION.
_ Mr. COGHLAN introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 07) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States in
relatiou to the disposal of the public lands;
which was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
MILITARY RESERVATION AT POINT SAN JOSE.
Mr. HOUGHTON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 592) for the relief of the former occupants
of the military reservation at Point San Jos6,
in the city and county of San Francisco, and
for other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the .Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
INCORPORATION OF RAILWAY COMPANY.
Mr. DUNNELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 593) to incorporate the Great Salt Lake
and Colorado River Railway Company and to
aid in the construction of its road, and for the
purpose of securing the lands along the line
of said road to actual settlers at §2 50 per
acre, and in quantities not exceeding one hun-
dred and sixty acres to each settler; which
was read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
PUBLIC BUILDING AT TOPEIiA.
Mr. LOWE introduced a bill (H. R. No.
594) to provide for a building for the use of
the Federal courts, post office, internal rev-
enue and other civil offices, ill the city of
Topeka, Kansas ; which was read a fir3t and
i1D?e'. referre(i t0 the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, and ordered
to be printed.
REMOVAL OF DISABILITIES.
Mr. HEREFORD introduced a bill (H. K.
No. 595) to remove politieal disabilities from
all the citizens of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HEREFORD also introduced abill (II.
R. No, 536) to remove disabilities from certain
persons named therein ; which was read a first
and second lime, referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
settlers in colorado.
Mr. CHAFFEE introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 597) for the relief of actual settlers upon
certain lands in the Territory of Colorado,
and for other purposes ; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee on
the Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
fort collins military reservation.
Mr. CHAFFEE also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 598) declaring the lands constituting
the Fort Collins military reservation in the
Territory of Colorado subject to preemption
and homestead entry, as provided for in exist-
ing laws; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
PUBLIC BUILDING AT DENVER.
Mr. CHAFFEE also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 599) to provide for the construction of
a building for the use of the post office, United
States courts, the United States marshal, the
internal revenue and other civil offices in the
city of Denver, Colorado; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Buildings and Grounds, and
ordered to be printed.
railroads in dakota.
Mr. ARMSTRONG introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 600) approving the act passed by the
Legislative Assembly of Dakota Territory
authorizing the people to vote aid to railroads :
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Railroads and
Canals.
internal improvements in territories.
Mr. ARMSTRONG also introduced a bill
(H. R. No. 601) conferring upon the Terri-
tories the benefits of internal improvement
lands under the act of September 4, 1841;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands.
courts of montana.
Mr. CLAGETT introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 002) more clearly to define the nature
of certain courts in Montana, and for other
purposes ; which was reagl a first and second
time, referred to tiie Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
elias c. bol'dinot.
Mr. KERR introduced a bill (H. R, No.
603) for the relief of Elias C. Boudiuot, a
Cherokee Indian ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee ou
the Judiciary, with the accompanying papers,
and ordered to be printed.
protection op the franchise.
Mr. HOAR introduced a bill (H. R. No.
004) to protect the elective franchise; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Revision of the Laws of the
United States, and ordered to be printed.
commerce within the united states.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill (H. R. No. 605) to secure and protect
the freedom of transit and commerce within
the United States; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the I
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
homesteads to soldiers and sailors. j
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, also intro- i
duced a bill (H. R. No. 606) granting home- j
steads to actual settlers who were soldiers or
sailors; which was read a first and second '
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
improvement in fox and wisconsin rivers.
Mr. SAWYER introduced a bill (H. R. No.
607) in addition to an act for the improvement
of water communication between the Missis-
sippi river and Lake Michigan by the Wiscon-
sin and Fox rivers, approved July 7,1870;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
compensation of letter-carriers.
^Mr. L. MYERS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 608) increasing the compensation of let-
ter-carriers, under the free-delivery system, to
$1,200 per annum ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
transportation of the mails.
Mr. FARNSWORTH introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 609) relating to proposals and contracts
for the transportation of the mails, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, and ordered to be
printed.
sale of united states arsenals.
Mr. SLOCUM introduced a bill (H. R. No.
610) authorizing the sale of certain arsenals
and other property of the United States ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
personal explanation.
Mr. MERCUR. I ask unanimous consent
to make a personal exnlanation.
The SPEAKER. Ho w much time does the
gentleman desire ?
Mr. MERCUR. A few minutes only. I can-
not state the exact time, but not to exceed
fifteen minutes.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
allowing the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
make a personal explanation, not to exceed
fifteen minutes? The Chair hears none.
Mr. MERCUR. Mr. Speake r, I rise to
make a personal explanation, based upon a
dispatch in the New York Times of the 8th
instant, from Washington, which I ask the
Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows:
" The Afrijori.ionment.—Mr. Mercur, of Pennsyl-
vania, in the debate on the apportionment bill yes-
terday, undertook to criticise the census tables which
hail been distributed to members, giving the ratio
of representation for any specified number of mem-
bers, from two hundred and forty-one (the present
i House} up to three hundred. Xne result, was that
j he made a miscalculation. Instead of taking the
i representative population of the United States, as
| shown by the table prepared, he took the total popu-
i latiou, including the District of Columbia and Tcr-
! ritories, and divided that by 137,800 as the ratio for
I two hundred and eighty members, then dis'ribnted
i the members among the States according to this
] ratio. "Whereas the census tables took the actual
! representative population, excluding the District of
{ Columbia and Territories, which, for two hundred
; and eighty members, made the ratio smaller, namely,
; 136,119. Then in his criticisms pbout the arbitrary
application of the fractional representation, if he
had referred to the law. plainly printed in the same
statement, he would have seen that it required that
the surplus representation shall be given, not to all
the States having a majority fraction, but to those
having the largest fraction. If but four members
are thus apportioned, but four States can beselected,
and these the highest. For a member of the Judi-
ciary Committee who has studied this subject for
ten months, the judge was decidedly foggy."
Mr. MERCUR. If this were only a ques-
tion of opinion 
Mr. DAWES. Is this a personal explana-
tion ?
Mr. MERCUR. I believe the House has so
held ; I desire but a few minutes.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] raise a point of
order?
j Mr. DAWES. I will not make a point of
i order.
| Mr. MERCUR. I will bo brief. If the
j question was whether the writer of this dis-
■ patch or the gentleman who is now addressing
the House was foggy, if that was merely a
matter of opinion, I should have given no
attention whatever to it. Rut there is a dec-
laration in this dispatch of a fact which, if true,
is calculated to make me appear before the
country as both ignorant aud ridiculous. I
propose to allude to it merely for the purpose
