3644
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
party purposes. The railroads, under a State
system of public improvements adopted in
1867, have had the benefit of the indorsement
of the State to aid in the negotiation of these
bonds, bat this has been uuder strict surveil-
lance of the law, specially enacted to protect
the State from probable or possible loss. If
there should be any future loss to the State in
this regard it will emanate from the wrongs
of these railroad corporations, which are almost
exclusively under the control and .management
of gentlemen of well-known Democratic pro-
clivities. Justice to them, however, requires
me to state that no such wrongs are anticipated,
bui they will keep, itisbelieved,strict faith with
the Siate. The benefits conferred by the State
indorsement form no part of corruption and
plunder, erroneously and improperly attributed
to the .Republican party of Alabama, [f the
Senator from Missouri will add this contingent
liability to the absolute debt he will find it far
short of the $38,000,000 which he so peremp-
torily saddled upon our State, and for which
the people of Alabama, without distinction of
party, will certainly not thank him. The total
debt is as follows :
Absolutedebt as stated by the auditor... $8,761,967 37
Contingent liabilities for railroad pur-
poses and secured to the State  15,420,000 00
Total $24,181,967 37
leaving a balance of about fourteen million
dollars of debt fastened on our people by the
vivid imagination of the Senator from Missouri,
which, I giv  him notice, will be properly and
justly repudiated.
1 deem it highly essential, Mr. President,
that the provisions of the fourth section of
the act to enforce the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution should be continued in
force until the end of the next regular session
of Congress, as provided in the bill reported
by the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr,
Scott,] and even longer if necessary.
1 am not influenced in this opinion by any
motive of political interest or predilection;
but 1 shall actively support the bill because I
believe that peace and good order and the
enforcement of the laws (in the State of Ala-
bama at least) imperatively demand its pas-
sage. The proclamation made by the Pres-
ident under authority of this law did not have
the intended effect of suppressing ciime, out-
rage, and disorder in the State of Alabama,
nor yet in other sections where the Ku Klux
Klan had maintained its organization and
supremacy. It has been treated as a nullity—
a mere brutum fulmeii—and, as i am advised
by many of my constituents of character and
reliability, has been held as a pretext 'for
future revenge,_ to be gratified and wreaked
upon the unoffending loyalist and freedmau
whenever Biting oppoitunity shall occur.
Sufficient time has not yet elapsed to per-
fect the workings of this just law, and, judg-
ing from the experience of the State of South
Carolina, much has yet to he accomplished in
order to suppress the Ku JKlux Klan in other
seclions^of the South. Until the recent term
ot the linked Slates district court at Hutits-
ville, the enforcement act was not regarded in
Alabama as an adjunct, to the defied statutes of
the State, and had not produced the effect of
commanding any more obedience to the laws
passed to preserve peace and order, than if it
had never been enacted.
Pending those trials, his honor, Judge Bus-
teed, was openly threatened with assassina-
tion, made in terms so positive as to warrant
the occupation of the court-room by Federal
soldiers and the disarming of many persons
carrying concealed weapons. Wiih a courage
and heroism worthy of commendation, this
Federal judge maintained the dignity and
integrity ot the law under circumstances cal-
culated to alarm and dispirit the most cour-
ageous.
The testimony adduced upon these trials
revealed the perpetration of the most revolt-
ing and inhuman cruelties inflicted upon an
unoffending old man, compared with which
the tortures of the inquisition sink into utter
insignificance. Even the Ku Klux sympa-
thizers shuddered at the terrible details, and
many citizens who heretofore had been pas-
sive were so deeply impressed as to become at
once open and active advocates of their sup-
pression.
The offenders are now. thanks to a fearless
jury and an upright judge, suffering the pen-
alty of their crimes in a New York peniten-
tiary. But there are yet numbers of indict-
ments presented at the same court for similar
offenses, and the United States marshals are
now endeavoring to effect the arrest of the
guilty parties in order that they may be brought
to justice.
The conviction of the offenders mentioned,
paralyzed at first the leaders of the Ku Klux
Klan throughout the State. But since the
excitement consequent upon the general as-
tonishment that there could be found a judge
and jury honest and brave enough to enforce
the laws has passed away, threats of vengeance,
dire and deep, are openly made. I am just in
receipt of a letter from an aged citizen of Ala-
bama, whose constancy to the Union during
the late rebellion has made him the target of
abuse and marked him as a possible victim,
wherein he states that in his vicinity they have
sworn to be doubly revenged for the convic-
tion of the Huntsville criminals. " It is your
time now, ours will come hereafter," say the
Ku Klux. From these threats it is thought
by the Union men in that section that unless
stringent measures are taken by the Govern-
ment, many of them will be murdered, and
they are powerless to prevent it.
Gladly would I see the necessity for this law
pass away, and every citizen, no matter how
exalted or how humble, be permitted the ex-
ercise of his civil privileges without -let or
hinderance. But, Mr. President, the necessity
for a continuance of cautionary legislation
increases rather than diminishes. There is
only one way of meeting the question. Per-
suasion, soft words, and hope will not suffice.
We have tried all these without effect. There is
now no recourse but to continue ourlegislation
until the last Ku Klux is suppressed, and until
every crimecommitted by their Klan shall have
received the prompt action of the law. As
long as one masked marauder is left, there is
yet a nucleus around which murder and out-
rage may gather and defy punishment.
It is but a few days since an investigation
was held at Montgomery, by Judge Busteed, in
reference to the recent murder of a colored man
by the Ku Klux in Elmore county. The fol-
lowing articles from the Republican Sentinel,
of date Montgomery, Alabama, April 18,
1872, give the facts proved upon the investiga-
tion, and I ask the attention of the Senate to 1
the details and the commentary:
, 'The Ku Khix Investigation before Judge Bustecl —
itns investigation,which was concluded before Judge
trusteed last week, developed the undisputed fact
that ou the night of the 18th day ot last month, in
the county of ilmore, about one and a half miles
from Central Institute, Andrew Jackson, a colored
man, was murdered, and, with his wife, a white
woman, burned up m his house. It is not abso-
lutely certain that his wife was not killed before the
house was hred, but the probability, as elicited from
the testimony, is that she was not. It is certain,
however, that both bodies were burned up. Bird
.Blake, a colored man, who was in the house at the
time it was surrounded, was also shotin three places,
namely, in bis head, leg, and foot; although badly
wounded, he succeeded in making his escape from
the burning house, and will probably recover en-
tirely trom the effects of his wounds, except the loss
ot his lert eye.
U pon the investigation this man, Bird Blake, swore
«r W® five ?>en the com-
mission of this terrible crime, and that he recog-
iree* menj °t trial, William M. Smith.
William Pylant and John Iioiley, together with
one Henry A. Blaekman, (who left for parts un-
u°*.Win linmed18Uely alter he made the discovery
Joa-t ne was known in the transaction;) the others
he did not recognize. He swore to seeing one of
ues\u • lul-ly re?ognizing the four persons
their voices; he also heard their names
called while he was lymgunder the house. Hegave
a detailed and intelligent statement of the whole
transaction, how they came to the house and broke
in the doors, and killed Andrew Jackson and
wounded himself, while lying under the floor, where
they had crawled for protection, Among other
things he stated that they poured spirits of turpen-
tine upon the floor before they applied the torch to
the bouse.
*' Another witness proved that Smith had spirits
of turpentine several days before the burning, and
when asked by his wife what he intended doing with
it, replied that he ' had a use for it/ and made no
other reply.
" James Wideman, a highly respectable and in-
telligent citizen of that community, swore that he
was at Smith's store on Saturday, and that in the
course of a conversation with Smith, he (Smith)
asked witness why he allowed Andrew Jackson
(called by Smith and others Mobile Jack) to live so
near him, to which witness replied that * he could
not help it/ Smith said * you can help it/ At the
same time witness saw a lot of masks in the store
and remarked that they were very ugly. Smith
said 4 let me show you mine. I don't want every-
body to seeit.butl will show it to you/ and stepped
behind his counter and pulled it out to exhibit to
witness.
"It was also proved by Mr. Wideman and Mr.
McBrayer, who were out fox-hunting and saw the
light of the flames about two miles away, that they
reached the house before it was entirely consumed,
and found the two little children of Andrew Jack-
son's wife m a small field nearby. The eldest child,
a small girl, aboutsix or seven yearsof age, was cry-
ing, and said that five white men, with long coats
on, had come there and taken them (the children)
out, and then burned their mother up in the house.
He (witness) went to the house immediately, and
saw the bodies in the flames. There was also abund-
ant proof of tracks around the house and leading
away from it, made by shoes or boots from No. 5 to
No. 7.
"Bird Blake swore that he received his wounds
while crawling under the house; that when he saw
both doors guarded, and Andrew Jackson going
under the house by raising up boards in the floor,
he also went under through the same hole. The
men commenced shooting at them under the house
and both ot them were wounded. Both of them
were shot under the house. After the first fire he
heard Andrew Jackson struggle and then lie quiet,
and supposed that he was dead. This evidence was
corroborated by thewounds received by Blake, show-
ing that he was lying down, and by the evidence of
Messrs. Wideman and McBrayer, who swore, when
they reached the house a burnt sleeper was lying
across his back. The little girl was not sworn or used
as a witness, as has been stated in several papers. The
defendants introduced witnesses to prove an alibi,
hut some of said witnesses, when sworn, stated that
they did not understand the nature and obligation
ot an oath, and their evidence was not taken. One
witness swore that he believed Holly was at home
because he heard his wife talking to him, bat could
not swear that he saw him. Holly was a constable,
and the magistrate, (A. C. Edwards,) under whom
ho was serving, swore that Holly told him on the
day &lter the burning that it would have been done
on the Saturd-.y-night previous had they (Andrew
Jackson and wife) been at home.
This evidence, with the strong circumstantial
evidence elicited from other witnesses, among them
several witnesses for the defense, satisfied Judge
.busteed that there was strong reason to believe the
prisoners guilty,,and be accordingly remanded them
to jail without bail. Bird Blake and the little girl
were placed m charge of the sheriff of this county,
 ot^er Wltnesses recognized in the sum of
¥600 each to appear at the May term of the court,
ihe prisoners are now confined in the jail of this
county, and safely guarded. If they are innocent,
we hope they will be able to prove it; but if they
are guilty, then the law must take its course."
Now for the commentary of the Sentinel:
u 1% ^^pomibility Shifted.—' It is true that we
nold the Kadical party primarily responsible for
every case of lynch law that has occurred in tho
state. ihe above is the language employed by the
Advertiser with reference to the most horrid acts
ot crime that history records—acts so wanton and
nend-like, so devoid ot all provocation, justification,
or excuse,-that even barbarism stands without its
superior in atrocity, if it can produce its parallel.
• unconscious of guilt, unsuspicious of danger
neighbors armed and equipped for the work, visit a
father and mother to put them to death in cold blood
.Binding another person unexpectedly present thev
also include him. And this is done, not for revenge
not tor gam, not for any of the usual motives that
Hn^u(lffUrfereI'5'.uUt-beeau^e of the grim satisfac-
be done a impunity with which it could
. not in Gath, publish it not in the streets
t near Montgomery, Alabama, in
inmh1 iu ' men are found who will
combine with deliberation and sport to take the
Jives ot parents m the very presence of their help-
less, woe-stricken, and horrified little children, and
to compass the death ot another, accidentally near,
and by indiscriminate slaughter andburning to enjoy
a carnival of blood. No prayer, no tears, no shrieks,
no horrorpt their doom, can avert it. Father, mother,
Snni'th "".jaast.11'6 the hands of those who
know them well, and, as far as can be learned, had
wollf Aajme? 'hern.or either of them, in thought,
word, or deed. Ata moment's notice, death-dealing
messengers and prepared inflammables do their
