9m
THE CONGBISSfONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
That the manufacturers of Chicago have or can
readily secure all the necessary facilities to supply
the demand for tlie articles above indicated; and
that a large increase of their operations from an
extraordinary demand for their products would of
itself he a great^and admirable relief to the suffer-
ing people of Chicago by furnishing abundant em-
ployment to the laboring classes at remunerative
prices.
Wherefore these memorialists pray that only such
•measures of relief for the benefit of Chicago may
be allowed to become laws as shall be free from the
objections above set forth.
, C. F. GATES,
Chairman of a Meeting of Manufacturer*.
Chicago, January 25,1872.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I will not read
the remarks of the president of the meeting
accompanying the memorial. They harmon-
ize with that memorial which has been read.
I also hold in my hand a letter from another
manufacturing interest in the city of Chicago
protesting against this method of relief. I
have here also resolutions passed at a meeting
of the Merchants' Association of Milwaukee,
as follows:
Whereas a bill now pending before Congress pro-
vides, among other things, for the remission of
import duties on all material used in rebuilding the
hurnt district of the city of Chicago j and whereas
we believe that such an enactment will be detri-
mental to the mercantile and manufacturing inter-
ests of many localities, and especially of the States
of Michigan, Wisconsin, and Minnesota, where
immense amounts of capital are invested and thou-
sands of persons are engaged in the manufacture of
lumber, brick, and other Duilding materials, whose
interests would be seriously crippled by the intro-
duction of foreign competion with free duties, and
that while individual capitalists of Illinois, and
especially of the city of Chicago, would reap all the
benefit, the mercantile and manufacturing popula-
tion of the neighboring States would sustain all the
damage and an incredible derangement in their
business; and whereas we deem it to be unjust and
partial to donate relief in the manner intended by
the provisions of this bill to one locality which has
suffered, while it ignores other localities which have
suffered as much Irom the same cause, and takes
from the Treasury of the United States a large sum
of money for the benefit ot one class and one locality
at the expense of other classes (even in the same
city) and of other localities; and whereas, while we
deeply sympathize with Chicago in her affliction,
and are willing and anxious for liberal legislation
in her behalf, we believe that legislation should be
of such a character as will not bear with undue
hardship on particular branches of industry in any
part of the country: Therefore,
# Jlesolved, That the passage of said bill would be
injurious to tUe State of Wisconsin, and should be
opposed by our Senators and Representatives in
ifctfofrjecZ, That a copy of the foregoing preamble
and resolution oe mailed to our Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress.
_ __ s F. J. BLAIR, President.
Robert Hill, Secretary.
The Board of Trade of Cincinnati also took
this subject into consideration, and unanimously
adopted the following resolutions :
Whereas there is pending before the Congress of
the United States a bill known as the "Chicago
relief bill," which proposes to admit to the port of
Chicago, tree of duty, every article that in any man-
ner enters mto the construction of buildings for a
period of twelve months; and whereas the passage
ot said bill, a most extraordinary measure, intended
to benefit a single locality, will injuriously affect
every branch of industry, disorganize commercial
interests, and causo many of the leading manufac-
turers of the country, and especially of the West, to
discontinue operations, leaving a large and depend-
ent population unemployed: It is, therefore
liesolyed, That the enactment of said bill would be
an unwise, unreasonable, and unconstitutional dis-
crimination in favor of a questionable local benev-
olence, to. the sacrifice of the most important and
valuable industries of the country, thus disorgan-
izing trade, unsettling values, and incurring great
pecuniary losses to capitalists, and bringing distress
to thousands of industrious and worthy mechanics
and merchants.
liesolved, That the Senators and Representatives
0-jlmi111 Congress be earnestly urged to oppose
said bill as being impolitic, unjust, and dangerous
to the prosperity of the industries of the country.
I have here also the resolutions of the St.
Louis Board of Trade, addressed to one of the
members of the other House, on this subject,
as follows:
Whereas a bill is now ponding in the Congress of
the United States which provides for the importa-
tion into the port of Chicago of certain goods, wares,
and merchandise free of duty, for the purpose of
extendiDg aid to the suffering in the burnt districts
oi said city; Therefore,
1. Be it resolved. That the merchants and manu-
facturers and importers of St. Louis, through their
Hoard of Irade^ respectfully represent that the
proposed mode ot rellei is impracticable and unjust,
in this, that it would unsettle values, complicate
the collection of the revenue, open the way to fraud,
and place the burden of relief upon a few elasses
that should be borne equitably and alike by all.
2. Resolved, Thatany aid that Congress in its Wisdom
may deem proper to extend should be by direct ap-
propriation from the national Treasury, by which
process Congress and the whole country will know
the exact amount contributed, and every interest
will bear its proportion of a national tax to rebuild
Chicago.
3. Hesohecl, That the president of this board is
hereby requested to transmit to the President of the
Senate, Speaker of the House, and the congressional
delegation from this State a copy of these reso-
lutions.
This surrounding cordon of city protests, in-
cluding that of Chicago, solemnly invites the
Senate to pause and reflect before the fatal
blow is wielded. The object, as I suppose, of
the friends of this bill, is to prevent an increase
of the price of the articles that are to enter
into the reconstruction of the city of Chicago.
That has been illustrated more specifically by
arraying the article of lumber, and one rea-
son given is that the destruction of large
quantities in the city of Chicago, and the large
amount that will be needed in the reconstruc-
tion of the city, will add so vastly to the de-
mand in the general market that the price
must appreciate. I have before me a compar-
ative statement of the amount of lumber on
hand in the city of Chicago on the 1st of Janu-
ary last, and 1 find that the deficit is about
seventy million feet. The amount on hand—
I speak from recollection—i3 something like
two hundred and thirty million feet, now in the
yards of Chicago. I also have it stated from
lumbermen of good judgment that the amount
of increase over lastyear that will be gotten out
during the winter will probably be from two .
hundred and twenty- five to two hundred and fifty
million feet. Some Senator—I think my col- :
league—stated the reason why such an increased
amount of logs would be cut and delivered
and manufactured and sent to market. It is
on account of injury to standing timber from
fires raging through the pineries, destroying
the life of the timber and inviting the worms
for its destruction, and it has become a ques-
tional' necessity with the owners of the timber to
cut it down and deliver it to market, and thus
avail themselves of the benefit of the timber
thus utilized. It will be seen that with an in-
crease of two hundred and twenty-five mil-
lion feet, putting it at the lowest figure, against
a deficit of seventy million feet, you have a
large margin to defeat any disposition on the
part of lumbermen to increase materially the
price of lumber.
Now, whatare the facts about these fabulous
prices? I have here the Chicago Tribune of
Saturday last, received this morning, and look-
ing at the market prices ranging in Chicago I
find them in the main but very little increased
over the prices a year ago. This is a question ,
of so much moment to the State that 1 in part 1
represent that I think the Senate will indulge
me in taking a little time u{>on it. The first
and second clear lumber, which is the highest
in the market, stands to-day in the city of
Chicago at forty-eight to fifty-two dollars. I
tried to find the price just one year ago, but
was unable to get a copy of the Tribune, it not
being kept here in the city, but I have taken
means to obtain the pricc, and I find that the
difference in the upper grades down to com-
mon is about two dollars a thousand.
I desire to state, in this connection, the fact
that just before the fire the price of lumber
appreciated $2 50 a thousand. For instance,
it was selling in the market at twelve and thir-
teen dollars daring the earlier season, and rose
to fifteen and sixteen dollars two weeks before
the fire. As confirmatory of'this, the proposi-
tion that I made when I broke the Chicago
ring to advance prices in consequence of the
fire was to sell lumber on the basis of fifteen
from the dock and sixteen dollars from the
piles for common lumber, and on that basis pro'
rata for the other qualities. That was my
proposition, made immediately after the fire
and fifteen dollars a thousand was the price
for lumber coming into the Chicago market
just preceding the fire. Anybody conversant
with the business knows that an increase of at
least one dollar is required to place it in piles,
so that the price from the piles was sixteen
dollars a thousand. At the close of the sea-
son it stood at eighteen dollars, and to-day in
the market—I quote:
"Common hoards, joists, scantling, small timber,
&c., $20®$22.
"Fencing, $2Q@$22."
In corroboration of this fact let me refer to
the lumber that has been used by the Chicago
relief committee; and 1 have drawn this
from their report, which somebody has sent
me. The average that they have paid has
been $16 50 per thousand. I give them the
benefit of a little foresight and forethought,
for, as they state here, they secured some of it
in advance of a later rise in the market. And
right here 1 may say that Michigan, through
her representative, did a great deal toward
making the average paid by this committee as
low as $16 50 per thousand. That committee
distributed about twenty-seven million feet of
lumber. I think no one will put the amount
of lumber required for the reconstruction of
Chicago at over one hundred million feet.
More put it at fifty million, than one hundred
million feet, because in the reconstruction of
the city within the fire limits only the finer
qualities will be required, and consequently a
less amount of lumber than is needed when
building wholly of wood. The relief commit-
tee u;ere building exclusively wooden build-
ings, and therefore taking up a larger pro rata
quantity. They have only used twenty-seven
million feet at an average of $16 50 athousand.
It may be said, and I have heard it inti-
mated, that there are cases in Chicago where
they have paid as high as fifty dollars per
thousand for very long joists. I can readily
explain how that can be. Finding in the
market no joists of the length that may be
required by persons building large structures
in the dead of winter, it became doubtless a
necessity for them to have them in order
to carry on their buildings, and they were
compelled to go into Michigan or Wisconsin
to secure them by land carriage, and the in-
crease of freight upon it through that uuusual
means has carried the price 1 do not know
how high ; it may be fifty dollars a thousand
as intimated, and yet it may have been for the
interest of those parties to pay that price. If
they would build of material not in the market
they must pay what it cost, more or less. But,
so far as the increase in the price in the regu-
lar market of Chicago is concerned, it has not
substantially been more than from two to four
dollars per thousand.
I hold in my hand a statement of one who
has been a member of the relief committee
of Chicago, and who is also interested in lum-
ber, who states that he has already made con-
tracts for the coming year at as low rates as
they were last year. It must be patent to the
whole country that with the large supply of over
two hundred million feet against a deficit of
seventy million feet there must be an extraor-
dinary supply for the natural or increased
demand that may be required for the recon-
struction of the city ; so that, I think, it will
he granted that the danger, so far as the exor-
bitant price of lumber is concerned, is purely
imaginary. If that be the case, I ask why for
j8ii ?ae®.t t0 Chicago should Michigan be
saddled with the greater proportion of the
concession ?
Now, sir, what is the pro rata benefit that
1 ortland derived upon the value of the de-
struction in that city? Only two tenths of one
per cent. If you were to grant relief to Chi-
cago on the same basis how insignificant the
amount would be! That, therefore, cannot be
what is intended.^ The object must be, as
stated by the Chicago Tribune, to do away
with all the duty, not only upon the articles
that are to enter into the reiirection of the
