/ "
1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
JT40"
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
amelia s. parsons.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2498) granting a
pension to AmeliaS. Parsons, widowof Nathan
A. Parsons; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Inte-
rior to place upon the pension-roll, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Amelia S. Parsons, widow
of Nathan A. Parsons, and pay her a pen-
sion as the widow of a private from the date
of the passage of the act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mary a. miller.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2499) granting
a pension to Mary A. Miller ; which was read
a first and second, time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Inte-
rior t,o place upon the pension-roll, subject to
the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Mary A. Miller, mother of
Moses G. Miller, late a private in company F,
eighty-seventh New York volunteers.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mary a. l. loomis.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same committee,
reported back a bill (H. R. No. 2500) granting
a pension to Mary A. L. Loomis, widow ot
Colonel Gustavus A. Loomis, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the interior to place
upon the pension-roll, subject to the provis-
ions and limitations of the pension laws, the
name of Mary A. L. Loomis, widow of Colonel
Gustavus A. Loomis, late of the United States
Army, deceased, and pay her a pension from
the date of the passage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
sarah ann wharton.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2501) granting a
pension to Sarah Arm Wharton; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of Sarah Ann Wharton, mother of
Ransom Wharton, late a corporal m company
I, second regiment Maine volunteers.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed : and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
juliet e. hall.
Mr. MOORE, also from the same committee,
reported back a bill (H. R. No. 2502) granting
a pension to Juliet E. Hall, daughter of Wil-
liam Hall, late colonel eleventh Iowa infantry,
with the recommendation that it do pass.
The bill authorizes and directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of
the pension laws, the name of Juliet E. Hall,
daughter of William Hall, late colonel eleventh
regiment Iowa infantry, commencing the 11th
of November, 1869, the date of the remarriage
of the widow.
Mr. MOORE. The widow was granted a
pension by special act. The pension laws
allow to the children of the deceased soldier
the pension the soldier himself would have
been entitled to according to his rank. As
this was granted to the widow by special act,
on her remarriage it would not be continued
to any of the children without special act in
their behalf. It is now proposed, as the widow
has since remarried, that the pension by spe-
cial act shall be continued to the daughter
until she reaches sixteen years of age. That
is the nature of the case, aud I wish the House
to understand it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed aud
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
richard b. crawford.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2503) granting
a pension to Richard B. Crawford ; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension roll, subject to the limitations
and provisions of the pension laws, the name
of Richard B. Crawford, late second lieaten-
ant. of the thirteenth regiment Ohio volunteer
infantry, and pay him a pension from and after
the passage of this act; this pension to be in
lieu of the pension he is now receiving of eight
dollars per month.
Mr. MOORE. This is the bill vetoed by
the President of the United States. The veto
message was referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions. On examining the original
bill the committee are of the belief that the
President was misled by reason of the manner
in which the original bill was drawn. It was
supposed to grant an additional pension, but
it was really intended to be in lieu of the pen-
sion the soldier was then receiving.
Another point made in the message of the
President was that this soldier was a private
when he was wounded. There is the most
complete testimony that could be gotten up
that when he was wounded be had the com-
mission of lieutenant and was filling a vacancy,
and was in the uniform of a lieutenant.
The pension laws recognize that a pension
shall be granted of the rank, provided there
is a vacancy answering to the commission.
And there was that vacancy ; there is not
the shadow of a doubt in reference to this
man being a lieutenant when he was wounded.
The same evidence which was before us was
before the Senate committee when the bill
went over to the Senate, and they recognized
the force of the testimony, and changed our
bill only in this respect, that they proposed
the relief should take effect from the passage
of the act.
The Pension Bureau had pensioned this man
as a private, in some way misapprehending
the force of the testimony. The committees
of the House and Senate concurred in regard
iitg she testimony as clear and beyond contro-
versy that he was a lieutenant when wounded.
The bill is now so altered as to read that
this pension shall be in lieu of the pension 3hV
was heretofore drawing at eight dollars a,
month. It is reported as a new bill,,and I
ask that it be put upon its passage as. a new
bill. We are not proposing to pass it over
the President's veto.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I would ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Moore] whether
there was anything in the bill vetoed by the
President to show that this was in lien of the
other pension?
Mr. MOORE. There was not.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I desire also to ask the
gentleman a, question. Was this soldier actu-
ally mustered in as lieutenant when he was
wounded?
Mr. MOORE. Not at all. The pension laws
do not require a man to be actually mastered
in. The possession by a man of a commission
gives rank, provided the muster was not delayed
by some fault of his own. In this case the
muster was delayed for the reason that a
superior officer of the regiment stood in this
man's way, preventing him from being mus-
tered. He went into battle, and while com-
manding a company iu this way was wounded,
and behaved so gallantly that the jealousy of
that officer was withdrawn, and three days
afterward he was mustered.
Mr. HOLMAN. I ask "that the veto mes-
sage of the President be read.
Mr. MOORE. This is not an attempt to
pass the bill over the President's veto, because
it is a different bill.
Mr. ARCHER. I think the gentleman had
better allow the reading of the message, so
that we may understand the matter clearly. I
suppose the gentleman from Illinois would not
like to pass it over the veto, because that
would look as if he were going to Cincinnati.
[Laughter.]
Mr. VOORHEES. The only objection to
the reading of the message is a question of
time, and I hope no gentleman will call for it,
inasmuch as the chairman of the Pension Com-
mittee states that this is not a case of passing
a bill over the President's veto. There is a
great deal of business still to be done to-night,
and I hope we shall be allowed to proceed
with it.
Mr. ARCHER. The message is very short,
and I think it had better be read.
Mr. VOORHEES. If it requires unanimous
consent to have the message read, I object.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would suggest to my col-
league [Mr.' Voorhees] that he should not
raise an objection to interfere with the gen-
eral sense of the House.
Mr. VOORHEES. I think no member of
this House raises so many objections as my
colleague. If any useful purpose were to be
served by reading the message I would with-
draw my objection.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Moore] desire
the message to be read as a part of his
remarks?
Mr. MOORE. I do not.
Mr. HOLMAN. I again ask that the mes-
sage be read.
Mr. MOORE. It has already been read to
the House, and appears in the Globe of to-day.
Every gentleman can see it there if be chooses.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. MOORE. I ask that the report I have
sent up with the bill be printed.
There was no objection, and it was so ordered.
The question was on the passage of the bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I must insist upon the
reading of the message of the President. lam
not at all captious in the matter, but I think it
is only right that the message be read.
Mr. AMBLER. If the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Moore] will allow me, I will make
a short statement. _ *
This man Crawford resides in my district,
and I presented his petition. The proof, I
