1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman move
to suspend the rules to pass the resolution, or
to introduce it merely?
Mr. WOOD. I believe the Chair holds that
the vote suspending the rules necessarily passes
the resolution.
The SPEAKER. Not unless the gentleman
so words his motion.
Mr. WOOD. I move, then, to suspend the
rules in order to pass the resolution; and on
that motion I demand the yeas and nays.
Mr. MAYNARD. If we allow the rules to
be suspended, will the gentleman allow the
resolution to be debated?
Mr. WOOD. I would be willing to have
that resolution debated—indeed, I am anxious-
it should be debated—provided we can have
honest, liberal, fair debate; that is, if they will
consider it on its face, clearly and fairly.
Mr. DAWES. In the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union it can have
no other debate, and therefore I have moved
that reference.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order pend-
ing the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. DAWES. I know that.
Mr. WOOD. I propose to have a vote now.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If we are to have a vote,
let the resolution be again read.
The SPEAKER. The motion of the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Wood] is that
the rules be suspended and that the resolution
be passed. For the information of the House
the resolution will be again read.
The resolution was again read.
The SPEAKER. The question is on order-
ing the yeas and nays on the resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. I rise to a question of
order. It is that the resolution is not perti-
nent to the legislative proceedings of this
House. This is the House of Representa-
tives, a portion of the national Legislature,
and it is not within the purview of our juris-
diction to say what the Republican party, or
any other body outside of our own, ought to do.
The SPEAKER. That is a question of pro-
priety for the members and not for the Chair
to settle.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 77, nays 126, not voting 34 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Bell, Biggs, Bird, James G. Blair, Braxton, Bright,
Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Comingo, Conner, Cox,
Crebs, Crossland, Davis, Dos, DuBose, Duke, Eld-
ridge. Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Haldeman, Hancock,
Handley, Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris, Hereford,
Hibbard. Holman, Kerr, King, Lamison, Leach,
Lewis, Manson, Marshall, McCormick, McHenry,
MeKinney,McNeely,Benjamin F.Meyers,Mitchell,
Morgan, Niblack, Hosea W. Parker, Eli Perry, Pot-
ter, Price. Read, Edward Y. Itice, John M. Rice,
Ritchie, William R. Roberts, Robinson, Sherwood,
Shober, Slocum, Sloss, Storm, Swann, Terry, Tut-
hill, Van Trump, Vaughan, Waddelf, Wells, AVhit-
thorne, Williams of Hew York, Winchester, Wood,
and Young—77.
NAYS—Messis. Ambler, Ames, Averill, Banks,
Barber, Barry, Beatty, Beveridge, Bigby, Bingham,
Austin Blair, George M. Brooks, Bufflnton, Bur-
cb-.ird, Burdett, Roderick 11. Butler, Clarke. Cobb,
Coburn, Conger, Cotton, Coghlan, Darrall, Dawes,
Dickey, Donnan, Duell, Dunnell, Eames, Elliott,
Farnsworth, Earwell, Finkelnburg, Charles Foster,
Henry V. Foster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield,
Goodrich, Griffith, Hale, Hurmer, George E. Harris,
Havens, Hawley, Gerry W. Hazleton, John W.
Hnzleton, Hoar, Hooper, K.clley, Kellogg, Ketcham,
Kiliitiger, Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, Lynch, May-
nard. McClelland, MeCrary, McGrew, MeKee, Mer-
cur, Merriam, Monroe, Moore, Morphis, Leonard
Myers, Negley.Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac
C. Pavker, Peek, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron F. Perry,
Peters, Piatt, Poland. Porter, Prindle, Rainey, Ran-
dail, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk, Sawyer, Scofield,
Seeley, SbanKs, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Shoemaker,
H. tjoardman Smith. John A. Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, Suapp. Siiyder, R. Milton Speer, Thomas J.
Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson,
Stoughton. Stowcli, Sypher, Taffe, Thomas, Turner,
Twiuliell, Tyner, Upson, Wakeman, Waldpn, Wald-
ron, Wallace, Walls, Washburn, Wheeler, Whiteley,
Willard, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
and John T. Wilson-126.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barnum, Beck, James
Brooks, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Creely, Crit-
obcr, De Large, Edwards, Ely, Forker, Halsev, Ham-
bleton. Hay, Havs, Hill, Houghton, Kendall, Kin-
sella, Mcintyre, McJ unkin, Merrick, Morey.Rogers,
Roosevelt, Sessions, Slater, Strong, St. John, Suther-
land, Dwight Townsend, Washington Townsend,
Voorhees, and Warren—34.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended, and the resolu-
tion was not adopted.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to what may be a
privileged question. I desire to move to re-
consider the vote just taken, my object being
to say that the first three lines of that resolu-
tion are a heresy in Pennsylvania. That is
the reason why my colleagues and I have voted
against suspending the rules and passing the
resolution. The remainder of it is sound Dem-
ocratic doctrine, and would, if alone, meet
my approval.
EMPLOYES OP INTERNAL REVENUE BUREAU.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution : which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be re-
quested to inform the House what number of persons
were employed in the service of the Internal Rev-
enue Office on the 1st day of March, 1869, and on the
1st clay ot'December, 1871; and, if practicable, what
number of said employes were at these dates respect-
ively engaged in each of the designated classes of
service. Also, what number of persons were em-
ployed by said office temporarily during the twelve
months preceding said 1st day of March, 1869, and 1st
day of December, 1871, together with the total
amount paid m each of said periods of twelve months
to said employes, whether as salary, traveling, or
contingent expenses, fees, moieties, or otherwise.
ORDElt OF BUSINESS.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I rise to move that
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the apportionment bill; but before
doing so, yield to the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations, who desires to report
a bill.
EXPENSES 01? NINTH CENSUS.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am directed
by the Committee on Appropriations to intro-
duce a deficiency bill, and to request that it be
now put upon its passage.
The bill (H. R. No. 612) to provide for a de-
ficiency in the appropriations for the expenses
of taking the ninth census of the United States,
was introduced, and read a first and second
time. It provides that, to supply the defi-
ciency in the appropriations for defraying the
expenses of taking the ninth census of the
United States, the following sums be, and are
hereby, appropriated out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, namely:
for the payment of marshals and assistant and
deputy marshals, the sum of $293,000. For
clerk hire and miscellaneous expenses the sum
of $187,000.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to ask the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
a question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, I will hear the
gentleman.
Mr. RANDALL. I would ask the gentleman
whether the bill provides for an increase of
pay to the marshals over what was originally
proposed tobegiventhem by the Government?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It does not.
If the House desires it, I will make a brief
explanation of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind
the gentleman that it must first be determined
whether the House will consider the bill in the
House or under the rule which sends'it to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not care
which course is pursued.
The SPEAKER. Is it the pleasure of the
House that the bill shall be considered in the
House at this time? The Chair hears no
objection.
Mr. GAKFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to say
to the House, in regard to this bill, that the
appropriations for the ninth census which have
been made hitherto were made with the under-
standing that they would not complete the
census. They were made, as it were, on account,
with the expectation that, as the development
of the work went on, other appropriations
would be needed. Before recommending the
passage of this bill, the Committee on Appro-
priations have considered the character ofthe
work being done, and of the relative cost of
this census, so far as it has progressed, com-
pared with the seventh and eighth censuses,
taken under the same law. Those facts are set
forth in a letter from the Secretary of the In-
terior, covering one from the Superintendent
of the Census. The letter of the Superintendent
is as follows:
Census Office,
Washington, D. C., December 7,1871.
Sik: I have the honor to recommend that the
Committee on Appropriations ofthe honorableHouse
of Representatives be addressed with the request
that they will introduce, at the earliest practicable
date, a bill or resolution appropriating the sum of
$480,000 for the expenses oi the ninth census, the
same to be made available during the present
fiscal year.
The sum of all appropriations for the ninth census
to the present time is $2,807.600, of which $11,130 39
remain unexpended.
Of the amount above indicated, as further required
for the necessary expenditures of the Census Office,
S293,000, as nearly as can be ascertained, a few ac-
counts necessarily remaining unadjusted, will be
required for the payment of marshals, assistant
and deputy marshals, and the sum of $187,000, in
addition to the balance of appropriation remaining,
for clerk hire and miscellaneous expenses.
The aggregate of payments which have been
audited and approved by the Comptroller of the
Treasury to date, on account of the eighth census,
appears by a statement of the Comptroller to be
SI.806,794 78.
There are still remaining unpaid, as appears by
the records of the office, claims tor services rendered
in enumeration at that census to the amount of
8175,571,30. as nearly as can be ascertained; a fen-
accounts necessarily remaining unadjusted.
The services on account of which these claims are
made are acknowledged by this office, but payment
is withheld lor proof of loyalty, as required by the
act of June 24, 1870.
The proper cost, therefore, of the eighth census
may be stated at $1,982,366 08, exclusive of the ex-
pense resulting to the Government from the employ-
ment of a portion of the clerical force ot the Ge neral
Land Office, during portions of the years 1865 and
1866, in preparing for the publication of two quarto
volumes, which were sent to press after the transfer
ofthe remaining census work to that office. It w ill, oi
course.be understood that the payments on account
of the census must increase with the increase of th<.
country in population and wealth. During the de-
cade the population of the country has increased
twenty-two and sixty-two hundredths percent., while
the number of farms reported has been increased
forty per cent., and the number of establishments
of productive industry eighty per cent., in round
numbers. The average increase, therefore, upon the
several elements of expense, may fairly be stated
at twenty-eight per cent., and in this proportion the
expenses of the ninth census might be expected to
reach $2,537,428 58.
Additional payments, however, to the total amount
of 4684.758 33 have been made under the authority
of the acts of March 3 and April 20,1871, as addi-
tional compensation to assistant marshals.
The justification of so large an expenditure on this
account, it is believed, will be found within the
observation of every member of Congress as to the
inadequacy ot the rates of compensation fixed by the
act of 1850. ,
The addition of this sum will be found to raise the
natural expense of the ninth census to S3,222,186 91.
The amount asked to be appropriated in this com-
munication, added to the amount stated as pre-
viously appropriated, would raise the total expense
of the census to $3,287,600.
The difference between this sum and the sum last
mentioned, such difference being $65,413 09, is amply
accounted for, first, by the expense attending the
reenumeration of certain cities and counties under
executive order, in theaggregate $38,400 83; andsec-
ondly, by the natural increase in the largo miscel-
laneous expenses of the census, especially in con-
nection with the fact that the amount of clerical
labor undertaken in the compilation of the present
eensus is hardly less than double that involved in
preparing for tne publication of the eighth census.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully, jour
obedient servant,
F. A. WALKER,
Acting Superintendent.
Hon. COLDMBUS DelaxO, Secretary ofthe Interior.
It is thought that five months' more work
will complete the census. The work is now so
far advanced that the Superintendent believes
he sees the end of it. The cost of clerk hire,
one of the items in this bill, if the same num-
ber of clerks shall be employed, will amount
for the five months to the sum of$>87,OO0. The
