1854
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
of people vastly interested in the question
■which it involves tied up by the thumbs in a
condition very like Mohammed's coffin, be-
tween heaven and earth, and not knowing in
which direction they are to go in consequence
of this legislation.
In that view, speaking for people who_ ad-
monish me every day, and often several times
in the day, of the suffering, the injury which is
accruing from the suspense of the tariff ques-
tion, and without wishing at all to interfere
with the wish of the Senator from Illinois or
any other Senator, yet I shall hold it my duty
to vote and to object in such wise as will allow
the general debate which is to accrue upon the
tariff, and which I sincerely hope will not con-
tinue long, to expire, and then a vote to be
taken which shall determine for better or for
worse as to this bill what its action ia to be
touching imports and imposts imposed upon
them.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands the Senator from New York to object.
Mr. LOGAN. Then I hope the sense of
the Senate may be allowed to be taken as to
whether we shall have Tuesday next for the
purpose I have indicated.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I suggest to the
Serator that after the few remarks I propose
to uiake he can probably make an arrange-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
New Jersey prefers to proceed with his remarks,
and he is entitled to the floor.
house bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
The bill (H. R. No. 1070) making appro-
£riations for the service of the Post Office
'epartment for the year ending June 30,
1873—to the Committee on Appropriations.
The bill (H. R. No. 1789) to permit the
importation, free of duty, of certain Highland
kilts and uniforms for the seventy-ninth regi-
ment of Highlanders of the National Guard,
State of New York—to the Committee on
Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 2043) authorizing an
American register to the Dutch bark Alice
Tarlton—to the Committee on Commerce.
The bill ^H. R. No. 827) to authorize the
construction of bridges across the Ohio river,
and to prescribe the dimensions of the same,
was read twice by its title.
Mr. MORTON. I ask to have that lie on
the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be printed.
Mr. MORTON. The Committee on Com-
merce has had the same question before them.
The bill was ordered to lie on the table and
be printed.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. FERRY, of Michigan, it
was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of Reuben
Goodrioh, receiver of public moneys at Traverse
City, Michigan, praying reimbursement of money
paid to Morgan Bates, formerly register of the land
office at that city, be taken from the files of the Sen-
ate and referred to the Committee on Claims.
national junction railroad.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the chief clerk of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the District of Columbia,
communicating, in compliance with the reso-
lution of the Senate of the 18th instant, the
memorial of property-holders along N street,
Washington, District of Columbia, against the
passage of the bill incorporating the National
Junction Railroad Company; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and ordered to be printed.
tee tariff bill. '
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 173) to repeal the dutieson salt, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment of Mr.
Scott to the substitute reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance. '
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I hesitate to occupy the valuable time of the
Senate even by the brief words I shall submit,
but my immediate constituents are so vitally
interested in this subject that I feel constrained
not to present an argument, but as their organ
to give expression to their sentiments. _ No
one who believes that protection to American
industry is a wise policy can fail to be gratified
by the doctrine and principle, whatever they
may think of the details of the bill presented
by the Committee on Finance, or by the clear
and concise statement of the chairman of that
committee, and all, whatever their views on
protection, must be pleased to find that we
have already repealed taxes yielding the
amount of $233,000,000, and that the question
now is, how shall we dispose of $50,000,000 of
revenue which is not required?
But while thus approving the principle of
the bill I differ with the committee as to
where the reduction of the taxes should be
made. It should not be by making the duties
on imported manufactures less. Taxes are said
to be always a burden, and the only question
is, how they may be laid so as to be least
oppressive and annoying, or how imposed so
as to secure a compensating' advantage. With
all respect for the opinions of others, in my
own mind there is no doubt either as to how
taxes can be rendered least annoying, or as
to how the greatest advantage from their
imposition may be secured.
Taxes or duties should be removed from
those necessaries of life which are used by all,
and are not produced in this country, and
should be imposed on those foreign produc-
tions which come in competition with our own
products and manufactures, so that our indus-
tries may be the better encouraged, so that
under our system of society our industrial
classes may successfully compete with the
lower-priced labor of a very different system
of society, and so that millions of wealth may
be retained in this country to be employed in
the development of our exhaustless resources,
which wait but the touch of industry to bless
mankind, rather than by a profligate disregard
of our own interests lavish that wealth on other
nations to adorn their lands.
A tax or duty which is made to answer the
double purpose of paying the expenses of our
Government while it promotes the industries
of our people, can with very doubtful propriety
be termed even by political economists a bur-
den. Sir, if I should utter just what my
reason convinced me to be true, I would say
that our country was profited, not injured, by
such taxation.
The premium on gold during the war, as it
promoted our industries, did much to relieve
the country from the impoverishing effects of
that war. The people of England and the
continent sold only in gold. The purchaser
here was obliged to pay sixty to eighty per
cent, premium for the gold, and consequently
could buy cheaper here than there, and this
protection caused hundreds and thousands of
factories to be established, and thus the wealth
of the country was increased by adding labor
to the raw material, and that wealth was re-
tained here instead of going abroad. Those
who criticise our Government for not having
conducted the war with gold, aa if that had
been practicable, overlook this great economic
advantage.
Regular and remunerative labor for the peo-
ple is the greatest of national blessings. The
school in which man is taught to contend with
hunger and cold, and with the difficulties which
physical laws present, and to overcome them,
is of more importance than any other school.
The citizen thus not only secures for himself
and for his the comforts of life, but gains that
energy, that endurance, that conscious dig-
nity which is essential to the character of a
free citizen. It is the law of our being that we
must all labor or perish. The idler must ever
give way to the man of frugal industry, and
the fishing, dancing tribes must move off at
the approach of the regulated labor of civil-
ization. This is, too, the greatest promoter of
virtue. Regular industry, whether of hands or
brain, is ordained of Heaven to drain society
of vice and to give growth to virtue, and is
sacred. It is, as has been said, the noble
channel driven through the mud swamp of
existence, draining the sour, festering water
from every blade of grass, until the pestilen-
tial morass is converted into a fertile meadow,
with its clear, flowing river.
Those who are opposed to the protection of
our industries tell us that trade should be free,
and that Government should not, by legisla-
tion, meddle with it. Of course trade should
be free. But if wise legislation secures regular
remunerative employment for the people, does
trade thereby cease to be free? Cannot every
one work or not, engage iu trade or not, as he
pleases? Can he not work at what, and when,
and as long as he pleases ? The very object
of protection is to secure the opportunity to
all to work and to trade if they will, and so to
make them free. This appropriation of the
talismanic word " free," as made by my friend
from Maryland [Mr. Hamilton] yesterday, to
that policy which is opposed to the protective
system, and thus to insinuate that that system
is to be placed in the catalogue with the odious
monopolies of oriental kingdoms, or even of
England and Holland, is an adroit and skillful
wresting of words from their true meaning.
They tell us, too, that Government should
not by legislation meddle with the industry
of the nation, because labor is a commodity,
and should sell for what it will bring. That
is true as between the employer and the em-
ployed, between those who must dispose of
and those who desire to obtain labor. Bat
the Government stands upon much higher
ground, and properly holds that our national
interests and the peculiar character of our
equal institutions forbid that labor should be
obtainable here at as low a price as it can be
had in countries where the people are not an
integral part of the Government, where their
well-being is a subordinate consideration, and
where the doctrine of caste is not yet exploded.
If we could, sir, undersell the world iu shoes
and hats and clothing, by reducing the price
of labor, so that those who produce these
articles would be compelled to live in the
same poverty that operatives do elsewhere,
and be reduced to the same social degrada
tion, this nation would be an infinite loser.
It is indispensable to the policy of our Gov-
ernment that the American artisan, in order
to maintain the dignity which American citi-
zenship requires, should support a certain
independence of living.
As to the argument that where wages are
lower the price of commodities is propor-
tionably reduced, and that consequently the
reduction of wages does not operate to the
disadvantage of the operative, I have only to
reply that experience proves to the contrary.
Look over the world, and it is disproven every-
where. The rapid influx of the laboring
classes of Europe into this country disproves
it. They are sufficiently intelligent to know
where they are most prospered. And iu our
owa country no one can have observed the
condition of our artisans under a protective
tariff, and when measurably deprived of that
protection, without seeing the benefits arising
to labor from good wages.
It is the business of the Government to look
after its industrial interests. If the wreschi u
hordes who drag out a miserable existence in
Asia had intelligent legislation to encourage,
direct, and protect their labor, they might bi-
as comfortable as the people of New England
on their barren soil.
