2750
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 24,
think, shows very clearly what the facts are ;
and it was a mere misprint arising from a mis-
take in tise drafting of the bill which was the
occasion of the veto. Mr. Crawford was au-
thorized by appointment, from the Governor
of Ohio to raise a number of soldiers and re-
ceived an appointment as a lieutenant, condi-
tioned on his raising a certain number. He
was mustered, as the custom was then, with
perhaps an understanding that that muster
was not to be valid unless he raised the men.
He raised the men, and joined the regiment
with his company.
Mr. MOORE. I would inform the gentle-
man from Ohio that the House is anxious to
pass this bill, and has had all the explanation
in regard to it before he came in.
Mr. AMBLEtl. I did not understand that
there has been any explanation, and I do not
desire to occupy time.
Mr. HOLMAN. The message of the Pres-
ident, I understand, can be read in. a moment,
and I ask for its reading.
The SPEAKERyro tempore. As the gen-
tleman is entitled to the floor on the passage
of the bill, if he desires to have the message
road, he can have it read.
Mr. VOORHEES. I understand that that
message has been read three times already.
The SPEAKELtpro tempore. But the gen-
tleman from Indiana [Mr. Holman] is entitled
to the floor on the passage of the bill, and can
have it read again.
Mr. MOO HE. I do not see any propriety
in it.
Mr. VOORHEES. I see the propriety of
everything my colleague does generally, as he
knows, but I do not see the propriety of this.
The bill was passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william p. calvert.
Mr. MOOK.E also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. It. No. 2504) granting
a pension to William P. Calvert; which was
read a first and second time.
Ihe bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretary of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the name
of William P. Calvert, late a private in the
twenty-first regiment Illinois volunteers, now
an insane person, at the rate of eight dollars
a month from the passage of this act, to be
paid to his committee trustee, guu-rdian, or
conservator. The bill further directs the Sec-
retary ot War to grant an honorable discharge
from the military service to the said William
P. Calvert.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
■by which the bill was passed : and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
mrs. iiannaii w. sumner
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 2505) to
increase the pension of Mrs. Hannah W. Sum-
ner, widow of Major General Edwin V.'Sum-
ner, who died March 21, 1863, while in com-
mand of the department of the West.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place on the pension-roll
the name of Mrs. Hannah W. Sumner, widow
of Major General Edwin V. Sumner, who
died March 21, 1863, while in command of
the department of the West, at the rate of
fifty dollars per month, to commence from the
passage of this act, and to continue during
her widowhood, and to be in lieu of the pen-
sion heretofore granted to the said Hannah W.
Sumner under the provisions of the general
pension laws.
Mr. HOLMAN. It will be observed that
this bill is out of the usual course.
Mr. PETERS. It is like one we passed j
last night.
Mr. HOLMAN. We passed two bills last !
evening of a like character, one granting a
pension to Mrs. Morris, widow of a brigadier
general, I believe, at the rate of fifty dollars
a month, and another granting a similar pen-
sion to Mrs. Miller, widow of Commodore Mil- .
ler. 1 stated last evening that the practice— '
no rule of law, but the practice of Congress
had been to grant a pension of fifty dollars a
month to the widow of any general who fell in
battle. I think there may be cases where dis- i
crimination should be made. Whether there ,
are such cases or not cannot well be considered j
at this time, for the practice of the House has :
already been entered on. I do not believe, 1
sir, that as between the widows of soldiers who j
have fallen in the service of the country there '
should be any discrimination. We can all see ;
why there is a discrimination between the pay !
of an officer and the pay of a soldier iti the
ranks. It grows out of the supposed expenses !j point of ord
to be incurred by the one class, expenses which -■  
are not required of those in the ranks. I sup-
pose that that is the only ground; it is a fancy
which we have taken up from the country from
which we sprung—a little monarchical in its
character. But when we come to the subject
of pensions I do not believe a single argument
could be offered why a discrimination should be
made between the widow and orphan children
of the soldier who fell in the ranks and the
widow and orphan children of the officer who
suffers in the same way.
Mr. MOORE. I cannot yield to the gen-
tleman any longer.
Mr. HOLMAN. I am not asking my friend
to yield to me. I have the floor. I am staling
a simple proposition. The gentleman from
Illinois, who is so fond of talking himself,
ought not to deprive anybody else of that
privilege. While I cannot oppose this bill, I
desire to call the attention of the gentleman
from Illinois to a fact which I wish to present
to the consideration of the House, and 1 shall
have no better opportunity of doing it than
this. The recent death of Major General Rob
Mr. MOORE. Then bring it hi and we will
attend to it for you.
Mr. HOLMAN". I will yield to the gentle-
man from Illinois.
Mr. MOORE. I want to assume the floor
in my own right. If the gentleman had his
bill ready and desired it. I would withdraw
mine until his was passed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I have it ready, but I will
wait until this one is acted on.
Mr. MOORE. As everybody here knows,
General Sumner was one of the most brilliant
and useful officers who ever served hi-, coun-
try. Were he now living he would be on
the retired list, at the pay of ?5.000 a year.
So far as money is concerned it is a saving to
the Government that he has passed away. We
can very well afford to give to his widow, who
is poor and dependent upon this pension, fifty
dollars a month. I now call for a vote on the bill.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time : and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and pasftd.
Mr. HOLMAN. 1 desire to offer the follow-
ing bill for the relief of Mrs Anderson.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a
ert Anderson, whose name is so honorably ji second time.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. (Mr. Nib-
; lack.) The Chair cannot entertain the prop-
| osition of the gentleman, from Indiana, as this
; evening is set apart exclusively lor reports
j from the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
| Mr. HOLMAN. I trust there will be no
I objection to this bill.
j The SPEAKER pro tempore. It may be
| offered as an amendment to some othei bill,
| but not presented as an original bill for the
i action of ihe House.
j Mr. HOLMAN. I ask that the bill may be
: read, and then I will move to reconsider the
vote passing the last bill in order to move this
as an amendment.
Mr. MOORE. I hope that will not be done.
We will take care of the gentleman's bill in
due time.
Mr. HOLMAN. Very well.
joanna l. shaw.
Mr. MOORE also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2503) repealing
an act entitled u An act granting a pension to
Joanna L. Shaw which was read a first and
connected with a great event of the late war,
renders it manilestly proper that the claims it
of his widow and orphan children upon the >!
magnanimity of the country should be con- il
sidered. I think a bill should also pass ''
granting her the same pension we are grant- 'i
ing other widows of major generals of our !l
Army. ji
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I rise to a i
point of order.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Nm-
lack.) The gentleman win state his Doint
of order. *
Mr. SPEER. of Pennsylvania. My point
rAr°rtor 'S ^a^the gentleman from Iudiana
[Mr. Holmau] is not confining himself to the
subject before the House.
ihe SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Indiana will proceed in order.
Mr. MOORE. I have a great regard for
the gentleman'from Indiana; but I would be
gjlad it he would have some compassion on
these poor pensioners.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Indiana is entitled to the floor.
Mr. HOLMAN. A moment only. It is a
matter of history that from the lime General
Anderson left Fort Sumter he declined in
health, both physically and mentally, in con-
sequence of the fearful struggle through which
lie passed in the first hours of the war and the
tearful responsibilities thrown upon him while
in command of Fort Sumter.
Mr. PE TERS. What do you want ? Do
*M,"H'OLCN* bIdo°' M™'
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, repeals the act,
approved July 27, 1868. granting a pension to
Joanna L Shaw.
Mr. PEIERS. For what reason?
Mr. MOORE. Information has come to
the Committee on Invalid Pensions, and also
| to_the Pension Bureau, ihat satisfies the com-
| mittee and the Commissioner of Pensions that
! this person is unworthy of this special f.ivor
, at the hands of this Government. In addi-
j tion to this, we have evidence that the bill,
j in the first place, ought never to have been
: passed. Those who favored it at the time
| have since discovered their mistake. This
. woman was drawing a pension as the widow
! of a private, and her husband never was anv-
j thing more than a private at any time: hut,
; by some adroit maneuver, the passage of the
[ bul was secured. °
j I do not wish to make any further statement
inference to the chaiacter of this person-
; " is not necessary to do so. But I could easily
| satisfy the whole House that it is very eqmt-
, able to repeal this spec'al act; and the" repeal
i is recommended in order to stop 'o this ex-
i tent at leafrauds upon the Government.
I Til! r'' r"\r-i '^he S'-'"leman from
111 nois [Mr. Moore] makes a ve.y remark-
able statement. It, ,3 possible that the hus-
band of this woman may never have been
technically or legally anything but a private;
ut was it not a case where the tnan was pro-
toed in°? a" ° aDd d'ed before beiu« ®ns'
