1856
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
that the Government has the right to provide
for the general, in contradistinction to the
State or local welfare, or it is without signifi-
cance. And let no man say that any word of
that instrument is senseless. Madison said
that no reflecting man could read that instru-
ment without perceiving in it the finger of that
almighty Hand which had been so frequently
and signally extended for our relief in the
critical stages of the Revolution.
This important power, too, is associated in
the Constitution with one nationality to which
it particularly appertains. In the preamble it
is introduced thus: "we, the people of this
United States, in order to form a more per-
fect union, provide for the common defense
and promote the general welfare, do ordain and
establish this Constitution." And in the eighth
section it is directly associated with the "com-
mon defense." And it would be a strange
anomaly, indeed, if a great nation did not pos-
sess in addition to its specific powers the power,
without interfering with local rights, t,o pro-
vide for the general welfare of the aggregated
nation. It is a power which every other cor-
poration possesses without specific grant, and
which this national corporation would have
possessed had not the far-reaching wisdom
and accurate forethought of the fathers twice
inserted it. in well chosen words in the Consti-
tution. We are not left without authority on
' this subject. I will refer to two acknowledged
authorities; the one holding to a strict and
the other to a liberal construction of the Con-
stitution.
President Monroe, in a special message to
the House of Representatives, May 4, 1822,
speaking of the effect of the provision "to
provide for the general welfare," said:
"It is manifestly incidental to the great objects
of the first branch of the grant whioh author-
izes Congress to lay and colleot taxes, duties, im-
posts, and excises; a power of vast extent, not
granted by the Confederation, the grant of which
formed one of the principal inducements to the
adoption of this Constitution. If both parts of the
grant are taken together, as they must be, for the
one follows immediately after the other in the same
sentence, it seems to be impossible to give to the
latter any other construction than that oontended
for. Congress shall have power to lay and collect
taxes, duties, imposts, and excises. For what pur-
pose? To pay the debts and provide for the com-
mon defense and general welfare of the United
States—an arrangement and phraseology which
clearly show that the latter part of the clause was
intended to enumerate the purposes to which the
money thus raised might be appropriated."
* & *• * •:
"Had it been intended that Congress should be
restricted in the appropriation of the public money
to such expenditures as were authorized by a rigid
construction of the other specific grants, how easy it
would have been to have provided for it by a declar-
ation to that cffect. The omission of such declar-
ation is, therefore, an additional proof that it "was
not intended that thogrant should be so construed."
Ss sj: # ^
"Uaoh Government should look to the great and
essential purposes for which it was instituted and
confine itself to those purposes. A State government
will rarely, if ever, apply money to national pur-
poses without making it a charge to the nation.''
* * >- '• £ !=. x r;. x #
" It is believed that there is not a corporation in
the union which does not exercise great discretion in
the application of the money raised by it to tho pur-
poses of its institution. It would be strange if the
Government of tho United States, which was insti-
tuted for such important purposes and endowed
with such extensive powers, should not be allowed
at least equal discretion and authority. The evil to
be particularly avoided is the violation of State
rights; shunning that, it seems to be more reason-
able and proper that the powers of Congress should
be so construed as that the fieneral Government, in
its intercourse with other nations and in our in-
ternal concerns, should be able to adopt all such
measures lying in the fair scope and intended to
facilitato the direct objects of its power as the pub-
lic welfare may require and a sound and provident
policy dictate."
President John Qoincy Adams, in his first
message to Congress, December 6, 1825, after
having mentioned the power of the Constitu-
tion, and particularly the "general welfare"
provision, says:
"The great object of the institution of civil gov-
ernment is the improvement of the condition of
those who are parties to the social compact. And
no Government, in whatever form constituted, can
accomplish the lawful ends of ita institution, but in
proportion as it improves the condition of thoso
over whom it is established." * *
"But moral, political, and intellectual improvement
are duties assigned by the Author of our existence
to social no less than to individual man. Forthe ful-
fillment of those duties. Governments are invested
with power; -and to the attainment of the end, the
progressive improvement of the condition of the
governed, the exercise of delegated powers is a
duty as sacred and indispensable as the usurpation
of powers not granted is criminal and odious.'
" If these powers, and others enumerated in the
Constitution, may be effectually brought into action
by laws promoting the improvement of agriculture,
commerce, and manufactures, the cultivation and
encouragement of the mechanic and the elegant arts,
the advancement of literature, and tho progress of
the sciences, ornamental and profound; to refrain
from exercising them for the benefit of the people
themselves, would be to hide in the earth the talent
committed to our charge, would be treachery to the
most sacred of trusts."
This power has been exercised in obtaining
information on various subjects when taking
the census, and in making surveys for roads
and canals, and in our internal improvements.
Washington recognized it when he donated
land for a national university, and the educa-
tional bureau and the Agricultural Department
are founded upon it. We have the constitu-
tional power, and the revenues should not be
so diminished that the important interest of
agriculture must be neglected.
There are two other national interests that
demand the careful attention and aid of the
Government—our commerce, and our Navy.
The welfare of the nation would be better pro-
moted by extending to these interests such
assistance as wise legislation might direct, than
by so great a reduction of the revenue. These
two interests should be considered and pro-
vided for together, for they are dependent upon
each other. Your Navy can only be supplied
with efficient seamen from the commercial
ruaiine, and your commerce cannot be ex-
tended without ajiavy to protect it. Sir, that
standing and dignity of the United States which
protect it from aggression and insult, and thus
avoids the occasions of war, demand a navy;
the success of the United States in the event
of war demands a navy; and we are in this
arm of our service weaker to-day than the
second-class Powers of the world.
And as to commerce, permit a word. For
a nation having so extended a sea-coast as
ours, situated between the great oceans, with
Europe on the one side and Asia on the other,
the latter just opening her ports to the world
and inviting us to be her next friend; with in-
exhaustible resources at home that the world
needs, with a growing refinement among our
people that demands the productions of other
nations, with the best of material for seamen,
with a population "as nomadic as the Arabs
and as impetuous as the Goths and Huns,"
traversing the earth while the peoples of the
world are flowing into our land, to have no
commerce is a disgrace; and if the nation's
legislation is at fault this is a reproach to us.
What would the world think of England if
her commerce demanded aid, as ours does,
should she be considering how she could save
a few million pounds sterling, rather than
strengthen this branch of enterprise ? You
find no such policy as ours there. She is on
the alert, watching every opportunity. She
amuses other nations with the siren song of
free trade, but by navigation laws exeludos all
strangers from participating where she has
control. She is burdened with debt, but with
liberal hand pays out her millions to promote
commerce. Let us learn from her statesman-
ship a lesson. What should we do ? To an-
swer that question demands the united wisdom
of Congress; suggestions, however, any one
can make.
First, we might construct for our Navy steam
propellers of speed, and employ them without
armament in our mail service, thus giving
employment and experience to the officers and
men and cadets of ourNavy, and these vessels
with their crews could be ready in the event
of war for service.
Second, we might give drawbacks appor-
tioned to the tonnage of certain classes of
vessels built at home. The drawback being
thus regulated by the tonnage, would apply to
the labor and its higher price as well as to the
material, so that ships could be built here a-,
cheaply as in England.
The advantages the United States would
receive in compensation for such drawbacks
would be: a national commerce, with itsvaried
benefits; the establishment of private ship-
yards, to be used in the event of war by the
United States; and these are as essential to
our security as seamen in that event, ft e
should possess the right to appropriate these
vessels if required, for a compensation, to the
national s.ervice; and we would, by building
for ourselves, retain in our own country the vast
wealth which, if we are to have any ships, will
go to other nations in payment for our vessels.
These considerations, in my opinion, far
more than compensate for such drawbacks as
we would be called upon to pay until the busi-
ness of ship-building here can be economically
X>rosecuted, which, from the increasing price
of ships in England, would, I think, be but a
few years.
Again, we might adopt the English policy
of granting subsidies to routes between points
indicated by the Government. That policy
should, I think, be adopted in reference to the
Pacific route. This nation ought to hold on
to that trade at all hazards. There is not time
for a system of drawbacks to operate there. 1
know no one who is interested in that enter-
prise ; its claims have never been presented to
me ; but I know that it is ours, and about all
we have; that it is a key to inexhaustible
wealth, and that England stands ready to seize
it. It is not the grandest thing in this world
to save money. It is far nobler to promote
the usefulness and happiness and grandeur of
such a country as ours.
It has been claimed by some that protec-
tion is unfriendly to commerce. Not at all,
sir. If we retain our wealth here we have
something to trade with; if we send our
wealth abroad, destroy our industries, and im-
poverish the nation, we have nothing to trade
with. Our system of protection, too, is hav-
ing_ its effect in England. They cannot hold
their operatives. They are compelled to pay
higher wages. Their goods cost more. They
must have more for them; and if we hold on
to protection the day is not far off when they
will have no advantage over us in the price
of goods in the markets of the world.
These, Mr. President, are suggestions only.
They are sufficient to commend the subject to
those who are wiser. I would rejoice to see
$10,000,000 appropriated this year to agricul-
ture, commerce, and the Navy, and my judg-
ment is that the good sense of the people would
give that appropriation its approval.
Mr. JOHNS TON obtained the floor.
Mr. MORTON. \\ ill the Senator allow mr
one moment?
Mr. JOHNSTON. Certainly.
_ Mr. MORTON. For the purpose of bring-
ing the whole question before the Senate in
regard to the reduction of taxes which we
have promised the people at this session of
Congress, and believing that it may as legiti-
mately be considered as any portion of the
amendment that has been offered, I offer an
amendment to the amendment, to come in as
an additional section, and ask to have it read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Har-
lax in the chair.) It would not be in order
at this time.
. MORTON. ^ I ask that it be read for
information, and give notice of my intention
to offer xt.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
tovoo^niy1!173 orJ?a^ts of laws creating or imposing
♦ m productions and upon stamp.!,
except the taxes upon spirits, fermented liquors and
IftS ™ i\reih^eby repealed, the repeal to take
eflect on the 1st day of October, 1872.
Mr. SUMNER, I should like to ask the
