1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
jt
' 3649 *
■*g
reneau female university, mississippi.
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 2815) to endow Reneau Female
University and five normal schools in the State
of Mississippi ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Edu-
cation and_ Labor, and, with the accompany-
ing memorial, ordered to be printed.
removal op disabilities.
Mr. BARRY introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2816) for the removal of political disabilities,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
collection district op the teche.
Mr. DARRALL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2817) to define the limits of the collection
district of the Teche, in the State of Louisiana,
and for other purposes; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
sally clark.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2818) for the relief of Sally Clark, widow
of Joseph L. Clark, deceased, a soldier of the
war of 1812 ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Pensions and War of 1812, and
ordered to be printed.
wisstkrn district op arkansas.
Mr. BINGHAM also introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2819) to fix the times and places of
holding the united States courts for the west-
ern district of Arkansas ; which was read a
first time.
Mr. HANKS. I ask that the bill may be
read at length..
The bill was read the second time at length,
and was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
l. t. kautz.
Mr. SMITH, of Ohio, introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2820) for the relief of L. T. Kautz,
postmaster at Larana, Ohio; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
d. c. tremett.
Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee, introduced a
bill (H. R. No. 2821) for the relief of D. C.
Tremett, late an adjutant of the first brigade
Tennessee volunteers; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
lagrange college, tennessee.
Mr. VAUGHAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2822) to reimburse Lagrange College, in
the State of Tennessee; which was read a first
and second time, and, with the accompanying
papers and evidence, referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
agency por creek indians.
Mr. SHANKS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2823) relocating the United States agency for
the Creek tribe of Indians, and for other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Indians Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
correction op army officer's record.
Mr. HAVENS introduced a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 154) authorizing the Secretary of
War to correct an Army officer's record; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
henry h. stafford.
Mr. SUTHERLAND introduced a bill (H.
R. No. 2824) for the relief of Henry H. Staf-
ford, late receiver of public moneys at Mar-
quette, Michigan ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of
Claims, and ordered to be printed.
42d Cong. 2d SKSS.—No. 229.
robert h. watts.
Mr. WALLS introduced a bill (H. R. No.
2825) for the relief of Robert H. Watts, a citi-
zen of the State of Florida ; which was read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
mississippi river and mexico canal.
Mr. HERNDON introduced a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 155) for the survey and con-
struction of a steamboat canal from the Mis-
sissippi river to the republic of Mexico, by an
interior line connecting by a common channel
the Mississippi river and its tributaries with all
the navigable waters west thereof to Mexico;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
mrs. harriet r. alsbury.
Mr. GIDDINGS introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2826) for the relief of Mrs. Harriet R.
Alsbury; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee of Claims,
and ordered to be printed.
rear admiral thomas turner.
Mr. McCRARY introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2827) for the relief of Rear Admiral
Thomas Turner ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to 'the Committee on
Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
rights of citizens.
Mr. HOUGHTON introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2828) to amend an act entitled "An act
to amend an act approved May 31, 1870, enti-
tled 'An act to enforce the right of citizens of
the United States to vote in the several States
of this Union, and for other purposes;'"
which was read a first and second tim e, referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
leonidas haskell.
Mr. COGHLAN introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2829) for the relief of Leonidas Has-
kell ; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
officers and crew op the kearsaroe.
Mr. DUNNELL introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 2830) to extend the provisions of the act
for the relief of the officers and crew of the
steamer Kearsarge; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
legislation in washington territohy.
Mr. GARFIELDE, of Washington, intro-
duced a bill (H; R. No. 2831) to .disapprove
certain legislation in Washington Territory
relating to property as affected by marriage;
which was read a first and second time, re-
ferred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
ordered to be printed.
protection op civil rights.
The SPEAKER. The States and Territo-
ries having been called for bills on leave and
joint resolutions, they will next be called for
resolutions, and the pending bill under this
call is the bill (H. R. No. 1647) supplemental
to an act entitled "An act to protect all citi-
zens of the United States in their civil rights,
and to furnish the means for their vindica-
tion," introduced by the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Frye.] The bill was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time, and pend-
ing a demand for the previous question on the
passage of the bill, the gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Eldredge] moved to lay the bill
upon the table.
Mr. HOLMAN. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet to-
morrow at ten o'clock.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order because it suspends the rules, as the
meeting of the House is fixejjt -for eleven
o'clock, and a motion to suspend the rules
is not in order until the morning "hour has
expired.
The question was put upon Mr. Holmas's
motion ; and there were ayes 51, noes 73. "
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for tellers.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suggest that
by common consent the civil rights bill be
allowed to go over so that we may go on with
business. It is only a waste of time to con-
tinue these proceedings.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman asks that
by unanimous consent the morning hour may
be considered as terminated now.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I will not consent to
that unless this bill be taken out of the morn-
ing hour. Gentlemen on the other side of the
House are responsible for this difficulty and
delay of business.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Hale were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 50, noes 74.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BECK. I move that when the House
adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on Wednes-
day next.
The question was put; ,and there were—ayes
54, noes 75.
Mr. BECK. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Beck and
Mr. Dawes were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 22, noes 102.
Mr. BECK. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 28, nays 172, not voting
39 : as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Beck, Bird, James G. Blair, Con-
ner, Crossland, Davis, Duke, Eldredge, Henry D.
Foster, Giddings, Haldeman, Handiey, Hanks, Hol-
man, Lewis, MeNeely, Merrick, Niblaek, Redd,
John m. Rice, Robinson, Stevens.' Storm, Terry,
Warren, Winchester, Wood, and Young—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ambler, Ames, Arthur.
Averill, Banks, Barber, Barnurn, Barry, Beatty,
Bell.Bigby, Biggs, Bingham, Aastin Blair, Brax-
ton, Bright, Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard,
Burdott, Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Clarke. Cobb, Coburn,
Comingo, Conger, Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Darrall,
Dawes, Dickey, Donnan, Dox, Duell, Dunnell,
Eames, Elliott, Ely, Farwell, Finkelnburg, Forker,
Charles Foster, Frye, Garfield, Garrett, Getz, Golla-
day, Griffith, Hale, Halsey, Hancock, Harmer,
Harper, George E. Harris, John X. Harris, Havens,
Hawley, Hav, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W.
Hazelton, Hereford, Herndon, Hibbard, Hoar,
Hooper, Hougbton, Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall, Kerr,
Killinger, King, Lami-on, Lansing, Leacb, Lowe,
Lynch. Manson, Marshall,.Maynard, McClelland,
McCormick, McCrary, McGrew, McHenry, Mcln-
tyre, Mc-Junkin, McKee, Mereur, Merriam. Benja-
min F. Meyers, Mitchell, Morey. Morphis, Leonard
Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac
C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Peters, Poland,
Potter, Price, Rainey, Randall, Edward Y. Rice,
Ellis H. Roberts, William R. Roberts, Rusk, Sar-
gent, Sawyer. Scofield, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks,
Sheldon, Shellabarger, Sherwuod, Shoemaker,
Slater, Slocum, Sloss, H. Boardman Smith, John A.
Smith, Snapp, R. Miltort Speer, Thomas J. Speer,
Sprague, Starkweather, Stevenson, Stougbton,
Stowell, Strong, Sutherland, Swann, Sypher, Taffe,
Thomas, Turner, Tuthill, Twichell, Tyner, Upson,
Van Trump, Waddell, Wakeman, Walden.Waldron,
Wallace, Walls. Wells, Wheeler, Whitebey, Whit-
thorne, Willard. Williams of Indiana, Williams
of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John
Wilson—172.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Bever-
idge, Boles, Coghlan, Oreely, Criteher, Crocker, De
Large, Du Bose, Farnsworth, Wilder'i>. Foster,
Goodrich, Hambleton, Hill, Ketcham, Kinsella,
Lamport, McKinney, Monroe, Moore, Morgan,
Hosea W. Parker. Aaron P. Perry, Eli Perry, Piatt,
Porter, Prindle, Ritchie, Rogers. Roosevelt, Shober,
Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, St. John, Dwight
Townsend, Washington Townsend, Vaughan, and
Voorhees—39.
So the motion of Mr. Beck was notagreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. MAYNARD said: I -am paired on all
questions with Mr. Kerr, of Indiana.. On
this question I suppose he would vote in the
affirmative ; I would vote in the negative.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of Pennsylvania. I am
