962
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
joist of twenty-four feet twenty five dollars
as the maximum price. I have here a letter
which corroborates this, and answers the ques
tion not only as to lumber, but as to brick.
Before referring to that, however, let me
call attention to a notice in this same paper
headed "a chance for cheap brick," in which
the Tribune reveals to the citizens of Chicago
that, there is some property for sale there cov-
ering a large bed of clay, and inviting capital-
ists to come in and manufacture brick in order
to rebuild the city of Chicago. I will simply
read the concluding passage:
" Considering all things, bricks can be made from
this clay for several dollars per thousand less than
in any other point within the city, and much less
than they can be made for at points where the
transportation is by rail."
Now, 1 desire to call attention to a letter I
have received from one of the rel ef and aid
society of the city of Chicago. He does not
write officially, but I give it, as a letter from
one of that committee. Speaking of this bill,
he says:
"Aside from the frauds that such a law would cer-
tainly entail, I do not belive it would materially
aid Chicago. The lumbermen and brick-makers have
enlarged and are enlarging their business to meet
the coming demand."
Now he gives the prices:
" Common bricks are to-day offered for $7 50 for
future delivery, which is as low as they were before
the fire. This decline comes from the large prepa-
ration which to some extent will be discouraged by
such a law, and to a greater extent I am convinced
than any foreign supply resulting from such a law.
As to lumber, the Michigan and Wisconsin lumber-
men, with the aid of an unusually favorable winter,
will be entirely able to meet the dem;ind, and at
very reasonable rates, at very reasonable ante-fire
prices, as some recent contracts prove."
This gentleman, the chairman of the execu-
tive committee of the relief society of Chicago,
states as a fact that in regard to brick and
lumber, the most material articles that will
enter into the reconstruction of the cily, con-
tracts are now made for future delivery during
the next season that compare with ante fire
prices; and I state to-day upon my knowledge
of lumbering business, that with the extra
amount that is being gotten outin consequence
of the fires that have swept through the timber
of Wisconsin and Michigan, lumber during
the coming season will rule as low as it was
last year, taking the season through : and if I
were to speak of a matter personal here, and
1 do not know but I am justified in doing sc,
I would be willing to affirm the judgment of
these lumbermen, and would take for all the
lumber that I manufacture the coming season
the price it sold at the day before the fire. I
would be willing to take fifteen dollars per
thousand to-day for all I might have to deliver,
as that was the price at which it then sold.
There is no gainsaying the fact that this
proposition opens the Canadian lumber to the
market of Chicago; and if the Senator had
listened to what I said, he would have remem-
bered what was stated, that the Canadians
have stimulated the capacity of mills in order
to meet the demand, and on Georgian bay there
are to-day ten mills that manufacture one hun-
dred million feet of lumber, and but ten mil-
lions of that went into Chicago last year, so
that you have from one point on Georgian bay
a surplus of about ninety million feet of lum-
ber even though those milis are not pushed
to their extreme capacity. We know that
mills can be run at night as well, and thus
double their capacity, but with ordinary day
running there are ninety million feet of a sup-
ply from Canada; and I am not to be driven
from the position that I have taken that neces-
sarily this must go to the market of Chicago
for the benefit of Canadian lumbermen.
But how are you to decide whether the duty
shall be taken off this article? The Senator
says himself that the amount of duty on the
lumber that will be used in the reconstruction
of Chicago will be immaterial; yet he is un-
willing to strike it from his bill. It is of such
material consequence that it becomes part
of the bill and enters into this catalogue of
articles which aggregate $11,000,000, and is
worthy, it seems, of the Senaior's requisition.
Now 1 repeat, in the language of this paper,
that this $11,000,000 is just the effect which
this bill will have upon the industries of the
other States during the year. This is well
affirmed by the protests from the manufactur-
ers' meetings that are now being held. It is
a blow at the artisans of Chicago. It is a
blow at the fifty thousand men, women, and
children who are dependent upon the manu
fact urea of Chicago. I have a letter from the"
'chairman of the meeting of manufacturers in
that city, who says he is interested in the
manufacture of different articles entering into
the construction of buildings, but if this bill
passes he must stop their manufacture. Thus
you see in an attempt to benefit Chicago you
are inflicting a blow at its own manufactures.
This gentleman states it will be a greater
calamity lo the city than the fire itself; that
the city can better recover from the fire than,
from the destruction of its manufactures.
Why this sensitiveness upon lumber? I am
not so sensitive. I propose to tax that com-
modity to raise the amount which the Senator
wants ; but I am sensitive upon and do protest
against a proposition which seeks to make
Michigan suffer so largely for the benefit of
Chicago; for if in the growth of Chicago all
are benefited, you make Michigan and Wis-
consin contribute more largely than iheir quota
to that very growth, and do what should be
shared by other States equally interested in
the prosperity of Chicago.
The Senator from Wisconsin stated that it
became a necessity that stores should beopeped
with Canadian commodiiies. How can you
rebate the duty unless you have imported
goods? If it was robbing Peter to pay Paul,
we might stand it; but my objection is that
it is a proposiiion to rob us for the benefit of
a foreign land. I. on the other hand, pro-
pose, it you need $10,000,000 for this purpose,
that we shall take it out of the Treasury and
let the States pay their proportion alike, and
keep the product of your own industiies and
the aggregate of your own wealth in the
pockets of your own people, and not transfer
$20,000,000 contributed to Chicago to British
nabobs across the ocean.
The Senator alluded to the panic of the
lumbermen. We have recently been advised
of a Belshazzar fright in Great Britain. The
mene-lekel thus generically and phonetically
written is, " Alabama claims," and they are
just waking up to the effect of the treaty of
Washington. They are just comprehending
after the fact what men now in advance are
foreshadowing will be the effect of this bill
upon our industry and lake commerce, and it
is a coirpliment to their sagacity that they
have at the threshold discovered its effect, and
now plead and protest against a measure that
will saddle disaster upon them. Destroy our
lake commerce, as you propose, to erect a city
from its ashes, and you have the counterpart
of the Anglo-confederate Alabama in an
Anglo-American Phoenix on the lakes.
We do not weigh the question of the amount;
we do not differ on the question of sympathy;
we put ourselves parallel with the Senator
from Illinois in our desire to aid Chicago, for
her growth we acknowledge is our greatness ;
but we ask that you shall keep your relief
within our means. Why, sir, how simple the
method! You collect money from your cus-
toms into your Treasury ; make your appro-
priation in dollars and cents, and the country
will understand its object and its extent; do
not under cover (with no ill reference) of this
bill, by ostensibly proposing a small benefit,
give a monstrous benefit with dire conse-
quences to traffic in irs scope, but come up
lrankly to the Treasury of the United States,
that is filled by the general industry of the
land, each State contributing its quoia and
dower, and then the people will be satisfied.
The Senator made an indirect allusion to
the removal of the tariff. If the Senator
would move a general removal of the tariff on
all articles throughout the couniry there would
be some logic and at least equality in that,
and there would be some force in his point.
Upon that basis, if other States can stand it,
Michigan can. If the Senate is prepared to-
day to remove the tariff entirely and tax the
people directly, Michigan will be the lastState
to back out from paying her portion. And let
those who initiate the experiment answer to
history and to the people for their temerity.
Mr. LOGAN. What did I say about that?
Mr. FEKliY, of Michigan. The Senator said
this was but the removal of a duty. Ihat is
what we complain of. ^ e ask that it you
remove it in one case you shall in another.
Mr. LOGAN. T did not say that at all. I
said that you imposed tariff duties not only
for revenue, but to protect our manufactures,
and I sought to apply that principle to the case
of Chicago. 1 only alluded to the tariff in
that way.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. It may be that
I cannot understand the torce of language;
but in leading this bill 1 see that it states that
the rebatement shall be the amount of duty
paid; and I do not understand how any duty
can Ise puid on commodities manufactured
within the States. We have no inter State
duty; we have duties on importations from
foreign lands : and I repeat, no benefit can
be derived from this bill, unless articles are
imported; and [ must enforce what was stated
by the Chicago Tribune, that you must prac-
tically seek markets elsewhere in order to
derive this benefit.
I saw an apt illustration of this method of
relief carried into partial detail. \\ hen walk-
ing the streets of Salt Lake City, I saw upon
the lintels of some of the merchants' busi-
ness houses the representation of a huge eye
with the surmounting inscription " Holiness to
the Lord." Meeting a Mormon 1 aslsed him
what it. meant. He replied that, two shrewd
Gentiles had come out there and started busi-
ness, and had acquired such facility of pur-
chase, transportation, and traffic, selling goods
so low that they were fast taking the whole
trade ; so from Brigham Young came an edict
saying that the faithful should only trade with
the faithful, and this symbolic eye should watch
and report fidelity to the command.
Carry out this bill as stated by the Senator,
and, along the business streets of Chicago,
here and there there will need to be placed
over mercantile houses another symbol, and
that the British "lion with this inscription of
revenue reform : " Competitive examination;"
" Duty free." So that, instead of, as at. Salt
Lake, the Saints' almighty eye, there would
at Chicago be the British lion's puissant maw,
and you would legislate the Government
of the United States into a huge mountebank
dressed in British uniform to cry off British
wares. That is the effect and carrying out of
your hill, and you cannot gainsay it.
We ask you to assess us the amount that
we should pay and we will take our own method
of doing it; hut for one I am unwilling, even
for the benefit of Chicago, to contribute to the
coffers of Great Britain; and 1 add that litis
measure is not so much a measure of aid to
Chicago merchants and suBerers as it is a
direct contribution into the coffers of British
mercantile princes. That is the tendency of
your bill; and if you are prepared to do that,
then act upon it generally and universally.
^Why, sir, England has given us a lesson.
When Sweden refused to furnish her tar, what
did she do to secure supply for her navy ?
She g-ive a bounty upon its growth within her
then American colonies. It worked so well
that she gave a bounty upon manufactures of
woolens ; and there was a law upon her statutes
that even the dead should be buried in woolen
goods, in order that her manufactures might
find an ample market. That was the policy
of the country which you propose to benefit.
