1858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
it must be drawn off, and several times during
the season must this alternate flooding and
draining take place. One portion of the crop
must be flooded while another contiguous por-
tion must be dry. The nicest judgment and
the most careful observation must be brought
into exercise to determine the duration of
either condition. No blunderer can raise
rice.
To carry out this process fields must be
divided up into sections, to each of which
trunks convey the water when necessary, and
from which drains must be arranged to draw
it off at the proper time. This system of
banks, dikes, ditches, trunks, forms a vast
hydraulic apparatus, intricate, expensive, and
requiring constant repairs. A slight leak in a
bank or dike, a fracture in a trunk, may do
infinite mischief. A single year's abandon-
ment, neglect, or careless supervision entails
a loss and an expense which may sweep away
the product of years of anxious toil. A planter
writes to me on this point as follows :
"Tho rice plantations are in reality extensive
hydraulic machines, have been redeemed from tho
waters at great cost, and are retained at considerable
cost by constant conflict with the tides. A little
neglect, and breaks occur diflieult and expensive to
repair. As with the Hollanders, eteraal vigilance
and labor are the price of security. Our apparatus
of levels, flood-sates, trunks, canals, banks, ditches,
are of the most extensive kind, requiring for all pur-
poses skill and unity of purpose. As well might you
attempt to divide a ship among its crew, or a factory
among its operatives, as one of these large planta-
tions, depending for its irrigation and drainage, for
its waters of cultivation, and its whole result upon
the single flood-Kate and the single mind of the
director. Groat and continuous outlays have been
necessary to begin to repair tho injury accruing from
desertion and mismanagement and neglect during
the war. Storms occur, and, like a ship, all hands
must be summoned to work under one head to meet
the danger and repair the damages at once. One
break, oue leak leit open, and tho river would re-
sume its old possessions, and, under present circum-
stances, probably forever. This outlay was for the
purpose of securing a regular supply of tho great
agent ofeultivation, fresh water. In all other coun-
tries known to tho writer, that supply is from above
by reservoirs and tanks, and is therefore dependent,
ofton ruinously, on the clouds. With us in the coun-
try it is tho rising water."
The cost of originally reclaiming rice lands
from the waters, ditchiDg, and otherwise fit-
ting them for rice culture, was just about one
hundred dollars per acre. Prior to the war
the annual cultivation of lauds after they were
thus prepared was about ten dollars per acre,
exclusive of the interest on capital invested.
So great had been the damage consequent
upon their neglect and abandonment during
the war that about lifty-one dollars per acre
was necessary to again prepare them for a
crop, and the annual cost of cultivation since
has averaged from twenty-eight to thirty dol-
lars per acre. The cost of cultivation yearly
decreases, and the product per acre yearly in-
creases as the lands get back nearer and nearer
to their former good condition and as improved
modes of culture are more and more adopted.
The total area under cultivation has also in-
creased year by year since the work was
resumed in 1865. I give a table showing the
annual product in Georgia, Louisiana, and the
Carolmas since 18G5:
Pounds.
I860 12,002,080
1807 19,388.060
 27.56S.740
 48,8^7,920
J8/0.      54,117,320
18(1, (estimated) 59,000,000
It will thus be seen that there has been a
regular^ increase every year since tho war.
Beginning with only twelve million pounds in
1806, we tind nearly five times as much raised
in 1871, and had it not been for one or two
very disastrous storms in the latter year, the
quantity would have been from twenty to
twenty-five per cent, greater still. The table
above given does not include considerable
quantities raised in some other States.
It must also be stated that while this regular
increase in lands under cultivation in rice, and
in quantity produced has occurred, there has
also been a decrease in price almost as regular.
The prices for the crops of the several years
named have been as follows:
Highest. Lowest.
Cents. Cents.
1866 -135: 8
18(37 -12, &r
186 8 lOi
186 9  8i 5}
187 0  9 5*
There is no reason to doubt the gradual
decline of prices to a still lower figure under
the present duties, because the cost of pro-
duction is yearly diminishing and the quantity
yearly augmenting; but it should be observed
that the price of rice is not proportionally
higher than that of other southern staples as
compared with prices before the war.
Now, Mr. President, the measure of success
which has met the rice planter of our country
in his efforts to reinstate the old industry has
been due to the existence of the present duty
on foreign rice. But for that, the difficulties
which met him would have been insurmount-
able. His greathydraulic machine, as my cor-
respondent caRs it, being in perfect order, he
feared no competition before the waste and
the destruction caused by the war. His pro-
duct was the best of its kind in the world, and
he could compete in the markets of Great
Britain, France, Spain, and the West Indies
with rice raised even by the poorly paid labor
of the Malay or the Chinaman. A large part
of his advantages having been temporarily
destroyed, the duty was the staff which sup-
ported his steps in the path of renewed enter-
prise. That staff is yet necessary. He does
not yet stand firmly; the old vantage ground
is not yet fully recovered. He is slowly and
surely approaching it, and he asks that he may
be assisted yet a little while. He will require
but a few years to prove that the once largely
productive and remunerative rice-fields of the
United States may again bring their old tribute
to the national wealth.
The history of the rice culture does not lead
us to expect that there will be a necessity for
long continuance of the present rate of duty.
It is not to be classed with those branches of
industry which we have been protecting as in
their "infancy " for forty or fifty years. Under
ordinary circumstances it can stand alone; but
it has met with great misfortune, and it needs
and it claims such aid as has not been refused
to other branches of production no more de-
serving either in a national or local point of
view. The aid claimed is asked on the ground
which in the history of protective duties has
always been held by their advocates to justify
them, namely, that it is desirable for a time to
protect against foreign competition branches
of domestic industry which furnish occupation
to considerable classes of our people, enlarge
the home market for our other commodities,
and which may after a reasonable period stand
without the protection of duties which are
onerous to other classes of citizens. This is
precisely such an industry. It employs a large
numberot people. It enables them to become
large consumers of other domestic products.
It adds directly and indirectly to the national
wealth. It utilizes large areas of land other-
wise almost, if not entirely valueless. Its
abandonment would surely restore those lands
to the waters from which they have been re-
claimed at cost so great. Only those planters
whose lands are exceptionally well situated
would under present circumstances outlive the
disaster of a present reduction of duty. Or
if they did for a year or two longer fight their
way through under this adverse condition of
things, it would be because some unlooked-for
combination of circumstances favored them
in their struggle.
_ Mr. President, it is worth while to look a
little closer at this subject, and see who they
are who are interested in the retention of this
duty. I have already shown how the planter
is interested iu ic. I may add that if we take
away the inducements to carry on the culture
of rice, the land which has, as it were, been
created for this specific purpose, which repre-
sents tTie labor of generations of men, willdis-
appear as agricultural lands. The cotton-field
and the corn-field may be indiscriminately used
for either product. But to keep up the banks
and dikes of a rice-field for raising corn would
be an expensive process.
But there is a much larger class of men to
whom, this duty is a matter of prime import-
ance, a class to whom we owe especial kind-
ness. I allude to the laborers whose toil pro-
duces the crop under the supervision of the
planter's controlling mind. Thousands of
them have sent up their petitions to Congress
praying that the protection may be continued.
They have their homes on and near the rice
plantations, where they earn their daily bread
by labor, to the peculiar character of which
they are specially fitted by education and by
physical characteristics. Mostly they have lived
on these plantations always; they were born
there ; and while they sometimes bitterly re-
member that these were the scenes of their
toil as slaves, they also joyfully reflect that
their days of slavery are over, and they are
now free men in the oid familiar places which
their childhood knew as home, and they cling
to that home as tenderly as many who have
known more favored childhood. They do not
wish to go from it. When first made free,
many of them wandered away into the cities
and towns, and up into the hill country ; but
they soon longed for the old haunts, the still
waters, and the broad savannas of the low
countrj, and they returned thither. Remove
or considerably reduce the duty on the article
they toil to raise, and these men with their
wives and children must seek other homes
and otber and unfamiliar tasks. There are
probably about twenty thousand freedmen,
heads of families, engaged in raising rice in
the Carolinas and Georgia alone. Certainly it
would be a moderate estimate to place the
number of people who would have to seek new
homes and new employment, in the event of
lice culture being discontinued iu the Carolmas
and Georgia, at seventy thousand.
Were a proposition made to strike down or
cripple an industry which fed that number of
people iu Pennsylvania or Massachusetts, these
Halls and coriidors would be crowded with
angry remonstrants, and the protectionist
newspapers would read our honoiable Com-
mittee on Finance a lesson more emphatic
than pleasant. Shall less tenderness be exer-
cised toward the humble toiler in the rice
swamps because he has no powerful and adroit
lobbyist here to defend his cause? He trusts
in the Government, which has stricken the
shackles from his limbs, to protect his occupa-
tion. Let not his trust be in vain.
If it be said that the existence of the duty
keeps the price of rice unreasonably high, I
reply that it fallsyear by year, as I have shown,
and that our production will soon equal, nay,
exceed our domestic consumption. When that
happens, as it soon will, if the present duty is
maintained a few years longer, the price in the
markets of the world will be our price.
But the price of rice is not a matter of so
much moment as it at first appears. It is
used in most of the States which do not pro-
duce it, not so much as an article of ordinary
food as of luxury. Other breadstuffs are pre-
lerred. The rice-producing States consume
the largest quantity per capita, and the people
of those States are interested in keeping up
the price rather than m lowering it. The Chi-
nese in California consume it largely, but they
pay but little tax on anything else. They live
on as near nothing as is compatible with a
very poor existence, and it seems somewhat
over nice for us to be worrying ourselves to
make their rice a cent a pound cheaper when
we refuse to protect them against violence
and outrage at the hands of our own citizens.
