1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1859
Let us first do justice to them as residents oil
our territory, before we attempt to save them
a few cents each per year, while in doing this
we sacrifice an industry which sustains more
American citizens than there are Chinese in
the country. _ ■
The rice consumption of the whole country
has never exceeded three and a half or four
pounds per capita. In striking down the rice
culture you also destroy a large amount of
property in mills, of which tho business is to
prepare the rough rice for market; you de-
stroy the business of large numbers of men
engaged in manufacturing the tierces or barrels
in which it is packed ; you deprive of a profit-
able business a considerable fleet of small
vessels especially adapted to bringing it from
the plantations to the mills, and from the
mills to the stores whence it is sold ; and you
leave the country dependent on the foreign
producer for an article of which our citizens
use willingly only the quality produced at
home, and which it has been abundantly
proven we can produce as wetland as cheaply
as we can purchs.se of foreign producers so
soon as we have had time to restore our rice
fields to their former good condition.
I earnestly hope the Senate will adopt the
amendment I shall propose. I ask them to
forbear taking a step which will so seriously
injure so large a portion of my constituents
as that proposed by the committee. I have
very rarely asked for special legislation in the
interests of the people I have the honor partly
to represent here. I have been willing to con-
fine my efforts in the main to subjects of
general interest to the whole country. Only
when a sense of duty has called upon me to
plead specially for the people of my own
State have 1 intruded their concerns^ upon
this body. That sense of duty now impels
me to ask that the existing law fixing the
duty on foreign rice shall remain.
It is with regret that I find myself in op-
position to the report of the Committee on
Finance in this matter. But I feel compelled to
ask the Senate to vote against the hill reported
by that committee so far as this article is con-
cerned. I ask that this blow at an important
interest may be stayed; that the protection
our rice-planters have received for the few
years since the war may be continued yet a
few years. Give us time to restore our fields,
to repair the waste; to fill up the crevasses in
our banks; to replace decayed planks in our
trunks; to become familiar with new and labor-
saving agricultural implements; to establish
such a confidence in our business that we can
borrow money at less than fifteen and twenty
per ce'nt. interest per annum, which has now
to be paid.
This is what the planter says; this is what
the laborer says ; this is what the convention
which framed the new constitution of South
Carolina said when they passed resolutions
praying the retention of the duty on rice; this
is what the General Assembly of the State has
recently said in resolutions forwarded to each
House of Congress. I ask the Senate to listen
to the appeal.
And, Mr. President, I hope the honorable
Senator from Ohio, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance, will not resist this pro-
posal. His duties are so various, the number
of subjects lie and the honorable Senators
who share his labors on that committee are
obliged to consider, is so great, that it is un-
reasonable to expect that attention^ to every
article on this large list ot commodities which
will enable them to have definite and exact
notions of the peculiar necessities in each
case. I feel assured that if my honorable
friend knew the exact situation of the rice
culture he would sympathize entirely with my
views. He reasons from general principles,
and he doubtless thinks the duty a high one.
That is admitted; but I beg him to consider
that the conditions which surround the rice
interest are peculiar and extraordinary; that
the circumstances are unusual and abnormal;
and that under these extraordinary and abnor-
mal conditions this question should not be con-
sidered and decided by ordinary rules. I ask
him to give his consent to the retention of a
duty of which the removal will do great harm,
and will do little good to any but the importers
and dealers in foreign rice.
Mr. President, there are various points
affecting this question which I have left un-
touched; I have, however, spent more time
on the subject than I intended, and I will not
further discuss it. I will only express the hope
that in the minds of Senators will be carried
the recollection of the fact that there are few
articles named in this bill as subject to duty,
except rice, which it would not be the interest
of my constituents to have free. And so long
as the industries of other States are protected
by discriminating duties, they ask that one in-
dustry of their own which needs temporary aid
shall receive it. I think Senators will regard
their request reasonable.
Mr. HILL. Mr. President, it was not my
purpose to address the Senate on this subject.
I am only induced to do so in consequence of
the proposed amendment to the bill offered
by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Mohtojt,]
with which, to the extent that it goes, I very
heartily concur. I desire though, if it should
be agreeable to him and to the Senate, that it
should go even further. His amendmentpro-
poses that " all laws or parts of laws creating
or imposing taxes upon domestic productions
and upon stamps (except the taxes upon
spirits, fermented liquors, and tobaeco) shall
be hereby repealed, the repeal to take effect
on the 1st day of October, 1872." I would
greatly prefer that his proposition should be
extended so as to include after stamps " stills
and licenses for distilling," and with the ex-
ceptions enumerated in the proposed amend-
ment to stand and the repeal to take effect the
1st of July of the present year, instead of the
1st of October. I am very free to state why
I prefer one period of time to the other. The
fruit season occnrs between the 1st of July and
the 1st of October. The distillation of fruit
generally (except it may be grapes, that ripen
in some sections later than that) occurs after
the 1st of July and before the 1st of October.
Throughout a very large extent of country
where fruit is distilled it is done within those
three months. Like everybody else, (I sup-
pose I might as well frankly confess it,) m
makingthis suggestion it is my purpose to take
care, as well as i can, of a very great interest
ill the section of country from which I come.
I think I can see that that sentiment is a
very general one in discussing tariff bills; and
I do not wonder at it, nor is it improper; for
if we do not stand by the interests of those
who send us here, pray who is to do it? This
recurrence of the discussion of the tariff sys-
tem that comes around every year, and is not
to be avoided as long as we are a nation, has
grown very stale; in fact it is coeval with the
Government; it has been going on ever since
the States confederated ; and 1 suppose must
continue to go on indefinitely. But I am glad
that it does not go to the angry extent that it
did many years ago, for then itamounted really
to a national calamity. At present I think
there is a calmness and deliberation in the dis-
cussion and a degree of philosophy that did
not belong to a period of twenty or thirty years
back, and even later.
What may be the true system for the Ameri-
can people in regard to imposts, whether they
shall be laid with a view to protection or to
revenue only, is hardly a practical question
at this day. Situated as the Government is,
owing a very large public debt, it would seem
to me that it should be the chief business of
legislation in revising the impost laws to lay
them with a view to raising the largest amount
of revenue practicable. Jf in doing this (as
it necessarily must have that effect, to a degree
at least) incidental protection occurs to any
interest, then let it occur. I see no great evil
in that.
I do not belong to the extreme free-trade
school, that would have no levenue laws, no
imposts, that would allow the whole world to
trade free with us. I belong rather to the
opposite school, and am of opinion that it is
better in the laying of taxes for the support
of tho Government that the masses of man-
kind should pay the taxes without being made
too palpably sensible liow they are imposed.
This brings me to the consideration of our sys-
tem of internal revenue, always objectionable,
highly objectionable to me, even now, with
the necessities of the Government pressing for
revenue from internal as well as external
sources. I would, for the sake of the country,
for the good will of the citizen toward his
Government, that we could at as early a day as
possible free ourselves of the system of inter-
nal taxes. In a good many ot its details, and
I think it is true in relation to the two items I
have alluded to, the tax on stills and the
license for distilling, the money produced is
too inconsiderable m amount to compensate
for the heart-burnings, the prosecutions for
the evasions of the laws, and the general dis-
turbance of the public tranquillity. It costs
too much to enforce the law in these two par-
ticulars ; and what is lost in that way it would
be better, if practicable, to impose on the pro-
duction of the stills rather than upon the stills
themselves, and the licenses for the use of
them.
I can recall a good many years ago a discus-
sion that occurred by a series of letters be-
tween the distinguished statesman of South
Carolina, Mr. McDuffie, and James Madison,
then in life. Mr. Madison took occasion, in
the course of that correspondence or review
of Mr. McDuffie, to inform his adversary that
he had made a careful estimate from his read-
ing in regard to the peace and war periods of
the different nations of the world, and the fact
was rather astonishing to me that he found
them to be about equal, as much of war as
there was on the average of peace, from which
he deduced that the wisest statesmen, in fram-
ing a system of revenue laws for the pnpport
of the Government, should keep in view as
much the probability of war as the probability
of peace, and sLould therefore legislate foj^
both conditions of the country at the same
time.
" Free trade" is certainly very captivating
and very beautiful and very humanizing ; and
it has been extolled by its advocates through-
out the world; but it is to us a thing of the
past comparatively. We cannot have free
trade if wo would. This Government must in
the main, for a long period of time, be sup-
ported by imposts on foreign productions.
There is nothing cheaper in the way of polit-
ical capital, I have observed, than to impress
upon the minds of the thoughtless mass of
mankind, those who do not study and read and
reflect, the idea that the duty imposed upon
every article of imported merchandise, required
to be paid in gold as it now is, with the addi-
tion of the premium on that gold, is necessa-
rily added to the purchase-money and becomes
an element of cost to the consumer, no matter
where the article is manufactured. That doc-
trine, I think, was exploded long, long ago.
Everybody here, certainly, is familiar with a
series of articles in which it was shown as long
ago as the days of George Evans, the dis-
tinguished protectionist of Maine, that this
country produced in large quantities many arti-
cles—I once had the list familiarly at my
tongue's end; I know it embraced cut nails,
axes, adzes, hatchets, chisels, and other edged
tools—in which we excelled all the world, and
that we had absolutely exported articles of that
sort, to almost every nation, and yet there
stood on the statute-book a duty upon these
articles which we exported largely, and in
which nobody pretends to compete with us.
Another article of which the same might b« 
