1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1.5
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Education—Mr. Rainey.
Ho. of Reps.
York. No one will deny that you have pure,
unadulterated Democracy there. There is not
an element of anything else, nor has there been
for years, in the management of the affairs of
New York. They have drawn their lines there
broad and deep. Here is the record:
"Increase of the City Debt— According to the official
report of the defendant, Richard B. Connolly, con-
troller of the city and county of New York, for the
year ending 31st of December, 1868, the funded and
bonded debt of the city on the dato upon which said
defendant, Hall, entered upon his duties as mayor,
amounted to    $31,74(5,030 00
And the funded and bonded debt of the
county, as evidenced by the same offi-
cial report, amounted to    15,S82,8Q0 80
Making together a total of.   $50,628,830 i
" The last official report of fa id controller was made
up to the 31st day of J uly, 1871, and by this report it
is shown that upon that date the funded and bonded
debt of said city amounted tu  $77,914,103 51
And the funded and bonded debt of
said county amounted to  35,743,150 00
Making together a total of.  113,657,258 51
From this deduct the amount of the
deht of said city and county when the
defendant, Hall, became mayor, as
shown above  50,628,830 80
The difference is the increase in the
funded and bonded debt of the city
and county during the two and a half
years of the present mayoralty $57,028,427 71
"In addition to this sum of $57,028,427 71, raised
upon the bonds of the said city and county, the
supervisors of the county, in accordance with the
provisions of the statutes enaeicd in that behalf,
(laws of 1869, chapters 875 and 876, and laws of 1870,
chapteis 382 and 383,) levied and raised during each
oi the years 1869 and 1870. by tax upon the estates by
law subject to taxation within said county, for tho
support of the city and county governments, and to
pay the quota of said county of State taxes for each
of said years, as follows:
In 1869 $21,309,536 34
In 1870   23,660,127 71
Making a total of  44,878,664 05
There has also been paid into the treas-
ury of the city and county during
the years 1869 and 1870, and the first
six months of 1871, on account of
assessments collected duun;," said
years, as theplaintiff is infoi n.ed and
believes S1'2 075.071 09
And from the general fund, 5,836.657 35
  18,811,728 44
Total  63,690,392 49
To this add the increase of the funded
and bonded debt, as above  57,028,427 71
And add further the floating debt and
claims made against the city a.nd
county, unpaid at this date, which
together, as the plaintiff is informed
and believes, exceed  21,000,000 00
Total $141,718,820 20
"showing the average expenditure and cost of the
government of the city and county during the two
and a half years of the defendant Hall's mayor-
alty to have been per year $56,627,528 08, or upward
of five and one half percent, upon the fixed valua-
tion of the estates, real and personal, subject to
taxation in the said county, the fixed valuation of
said estates being, according to tho report of the
commissioner of taxes and assessments, for the pres-
ent year, (1871,) $1,075,000,000.
"So much is known. What the floating and unset-
tled claims may amount to no man can say. Allow-
ing the city and county of New York to contain one
million people, which is considerable more than
the actual population, and "we have arr expenditure
of moro than one hundred and forty-seven dollars
per capita; or for each man, woman, and child, for
two years and a half of civil government, and no
extraordinary work of improvement, more than
fitty-nine dollars a year per capita for local or muni-
cipal government. Apply this ratio of expenditure
to the nation, which would, no doubt, be realized
if the Democracy should he intrusted with power—
and estimating the population at forty millions,
for convenience, and because that is no greater
ratio of excess than allowed for New York—and
the national expenditures for one year would exceed
#2,360,000,000, an amount greater than 'the present
national debt, and greater than the expenditures
of the nation during any year of the war, though at
times more than a million of men were under arms."
Think of it, sir. Allowing the same expend-
ituresunder the national Government that have
been squandered under the Democratic gov-
ernment of the city of New York, and our
annual expenses would be $2,360,000,000.
This is a contrast that I advise gentlemen to
study before they make up their minds that
they are going body and soul into the Demo-
cratic ranks, whether they be liberal or illib-
eral Republicans. It is worthy of study. I
could go on to give these outrageous expend-
itures of the Democracy to an unlimited ex-
tent, which I will not do because they are
familiar. I have brought this up as a speci-
men of Democratic prudence and Democratic
economy in the only place in the United States
where the Democratic party has had full swing
as the Republican party has had in the nation.
It seems to be the opinion of these Demo-
crats and liberal Republicans !hat this expose
is going to be so attractive that tho whole
mass of the great Republican party, whose
mission is not yet ended, is going to rash into
the embrace of this old Democratic party. I
tell my honorable friends on the other side
that they are making a miscalculation. The
people of this great nation are going to do no
such thing. You will find here and there
a sore-headed Republican who will join the
liberal Republicans, and will join any party
to break up the great Republican party. Sir,
we have always had just such sore-heads and
traitors, and in about the same proportionate
numbers. We have got along very well
without them, and are fully able to meet their
opposition.
Butlwish to make one honorable exception.
When the Blair family deliberately made up
their minds to go into the Democratic ranks—
I hope my honorable friend from Missouri
[Mr. Blair] is within the sound of my
voice—they did not stay in our caucuses and
grumble ; not a bit of it; but when they made
up their minds they raised the Blair flag, and
with drums beating and trumpets sounding
they marched into the Democratic ranks and
demanded an instantaneous surrender. The
Democratic party surrendered, and I think
it did a wise thing. From that day to this it
has had a head and a tail; the head it sur-
rendered to, but the tail was the Tammany
ring. [Laughter.] One furnished the brains
and the other the money; bat inasmuch as
the money supply is cut off, I must tell my
Democratic friends they will miss that supply
more than they would the other. From that
day to this we have been furnishing recruits
for the Democratic party.
I do not want our Democratic friends to be
discouraged. We are bound to furnish them
with a candidate for the Presidency. They
shall not dissolve their party for the want of a
candidate. If we have not a candidate that is
satisfactory to gentlemen on the other side in
the Senate, we will go outside of the Senate.
You shall have a candidate, and a Republican
candidate, too; and your experience has been
so joyous, you have had such eminent success
with your Republican nominees, that my im-
pression is that you had better keep up the
practice. For every sore-headed Republican
that you have taken into your ranks we have
taken a hundred live Democrats into ours,
and we are willing to keep up the swapping.
[Laughter.] It has been so every year since
the breaking out of the rebellion, and it will
continue to be so. We want you to take one
or all of our disaffected Republicans, and we
will take a hundred Democrats to fill their
places. Now, do not hesitate at one. If you
want more than one, take two; if you want
more than two, take three ; take them all. Do
not be discouiaged for lack of a presidential
candidate. We are liberal. We are disposed
to do the liberal thing by you. Pick out your
man and we will say' God speed you." In the
mean time we will bring up this Democratic
record of yours beside the old Republican rec-
ord, and we will take all the young Democrats
who are now coming on the stage of life, and
you can take all the sore-heads from the Repub-
lican party, and we will keep trading. I do
not believe you will make any more by that
trade thaw we will; but if you think you can,
I bid you God speed. In the mean time, how-
ever, if you will follow my advice, and no
doubt my advice will have great weight with
our Democratic friends, you will never again
bring up a comparison between the old Dem-
ocratic party-that started and carried on the
rebellion and the great live Republican party
that crushed the rebellion and now maintains
its living issues.
Education.
SPEECH OF I-ION. J. H. RAINEY,
OS SOCTII CAROLINA,
In the House op Representatives,
February 3, 1872.
The House having met for debate only, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union—
Mr. RAINEY said:
Mr. Speakeu : I have been an attentive
listener to the discussions on House bill No.
1013. This bill, as you are aware, has.for
its object the education of the people, and
proposes to that end that, the proceeds accru-
ing from the sale of all public lands should
be set apart as a sacred fund for that object.
Viewing it in this light, one may well be sur-
prised at the manner in which the entire sub-
ject has been treated by the Opposition. It
is truly marvelous to observe the manifest
antipathy exhibited-toward measures that are
brought before this House having for their
purpose the amelioration and improvement
of the masses.
It ought not to be forgotten that we are the
custodians of the interests of the whole people,
sent here direct from tin ir hands to represent
their claims and interest before Congress, and,
1 may add, the whole country. Why, sir,
those illiterate and somewhat neglected people
are the actual bone and sinew of the countiy,
and at this time may be safely numbered
among the stanchest supporters of its institu-
tions. Their efficiency, bravery, and power
were known to the country in its darkest days
and dire necessities, the testimony of which is
stamped in bloody stains upon many a battle-
field. These gallant and true men, many of
whom have passed away, have left their father-
less children as a heritage and trust to this
Government. Yea, the whole people^ are
deeply interested in this subject of education ;
therefore, we should endeavor to reflect as best
we can their opinions, wishes, and desires in
this regard.
1 feel confident in saying that the populace
is eager for education, and are looking with
an ardent desire to the General Government
to aid them in this particular. Educational
facilities are needed alike by all classes, both
white and black. There is an appalling array
of the illiterate made in the admirable report
of the Commissioner of Education, a forcible
tabular statement of which has been brought
to the notice of this House by the distinguished
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoae.J
Surely this ought to be sufficient to disarm all
hostility to this laudable and much-needed
measure; but instead of that, it meets with
every conceivable objection and opposition
from those who profess to be the friends and
advocates of universal education. By some
the bill under consideration is said to be un-
constitutional ; by others, centralizing power
in the hands of the General Government
which by right belongs to individual States.
Thegentleman from Georgia [Mr.MerNirRE]
expressed his apprehensions that this was a
plan to mix the schools throughout the coun-
try. What of that? Suppose it should be so,
what harm would result therefrom? Why this
