3652
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
Leaeh, Lewis, jtfanson, Marshall, McClelland, Mc-
Cormick, McCrary, McHenry, Mclntyre, McJunkin,
McKinney, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell,
Morgan, Morphia, Leonard Myers, Negley, Niblack,
Packer, Palmer, Hosea W. Parker, Eli Perry, Pot-
ter, Price, Randall, Read,Edward Y.Rice, John M.
Rice, Robinson, Rogers, Scofield, Seeley, Sheldon,
Sherwood, Shoemaker, Slater, Sloss, Snapp, R.
Milton Speer, Starkweather, Stevens, Storm, Strong,
Sutherland, Swann, Taffe, Terry. Washington Town-
send, Tuthill, Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees,
W addell, W akeman, W aldron, W arren, W ells, Whit-
thorne, Willard, Williams of New York, John T.
Wilson. Winchester, Wood, and Young—129.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Banks, Barber,
Barry, Beatty, Bigby, Bingham, Buckley, Buffinton,
Burdett, Benjamin P. Butler, Roderick R. Butler,
Coburn, Comingo, Conger, Cotton, Darrall, Dawes,
Bunnell, Eames, Elliott, Farwell, Finkelnburg,
Charles Foster, Frye, George E. Harris, Hawley,
Hay, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Haaalton,
Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Kelley, Kellogg, Ketcham,
Lowe, Lynch, McGrew, McKee, Mercur, Merriam,
Moore, Morey, Orr, Packard, Isaac C. Parker, Peck,
Pendleton, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Peters, Poland,
Ramey, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer,
Sessions,Shanks, Shellabarger, H. BoaidmanSmith,
John A. Smith, Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Steven-
son, Stoughton, Srowell, Thomas, Turner, Twichell,
Tyner, Upson, Walden, Wallace, Walls, Wheeler,
Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, and Jeremiah M.
Wilson—82.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Beveridge, Boles, Brooks,
Campbell, Cobb, Creely, Crocker, I>eLarge, Du Bose,
Goodrich. Hambleton, Kinsella, Maynard, McNeely,
Monroe, Piatt, Porter, Prindle, Ritchie, William R.
Roberfs, Roosevelt, Shober, Slocum, Worthmgton
C. Smith, Snyder, St. John, Syphor, and Dwight
Townsend—28.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
tariff and tax bill.
I offer the following resolu-
Mr. DAWES.
tion:
Retolvcdi That the rules be so suspended that the
Committee of the Whole be discharged from the
further consideration of the substitute for the
House bill No. 2322, being a bill to reduce duties on
imports, and to reduce internal taxes, and for othor
purposes, and that the same, as it has been a,mended
in Committee of the Whole, do pass.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Would it be in
order to say that as soon as this resolution passes
the adjournment resolution will pass?
Mr. BINGHAM. No; it will not.
Mr. DAWES. It is notinorder tosay any-
thing.
The question was upon adopting the resolu-
tion offered by Mr. Dawes.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Elduedge were appointed.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. Does the passage of this
resolution pass the bill?
The SPEAKER. It passes the bill as it
has been amended in the Committee of the
Whole.
The House divided j and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes 123, noes 40.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SARGENT called for the yeas and
nays.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays, and there were twenty-eight in
the affirmative.
Before the noes were counted,
Mr. SARGENT called for tellers on order-
ing the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Sargent and
Mr. Dawes were appointed.,
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a parliamentary
inquiry before the House divides upon this
motion. What portion of tbe bill No. 2322
will this resolution if adopted pass?
The SPEAKEK. The whole bill.
Mr. BROOKS. The internal atfd external
revenue rax parts of this bill ?
Mr. DAWES. Yes, the whole bill.
The House again divided 5 and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes 47, noes 124.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative,) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The question, was then taken ; and there
were—ayes 149, nays 61, not voting 29; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Archer, Banks, Barn'um
Jienk, Bell, Bigby, Biggs, Bird, James Gk Biair,
Biaxtoi), Bright, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard,
Buidett, Benjjjmin F. Butler, Rodeiiek R. Butler,
Caldwell, Clarke, Cobb, Coburn, Comingo, Conner,
Cotton, Cox, Crebs, Critcher, Crossland, Darrall,
Davis, Dawes, Donnan, Duke, Dunnell, Ely, Farns-
worth. Farwell. Finkelnburg, Forker. Charles Fos-
ter, Frye, Garfield, Garrett, Giddings, Golladay,
Haldeman, Hale, Hancock, Handley, Harper,George
E. Harris, John T.Harris, Havens, Hawley, Hay,
Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, Hereford, Herndon, Hib-
bard, Hoar, Holman, Houghton, Kellogg, Kendall,
Kerr, Ketcham, King, Lamport, Lansing, Leach,
Lewis, Lowe, Lynch, Manson, Marshall, McCormick,
McCrary, McGrew, McHenry, Mclntyre, McNeely,
Merriam, Merrick, Mitchell, Moore, Morgan, Mor-
phia, Niblack, Orr, Packard, Palmer, Hosea W.
Parker,Isaac C. Parker, Peters; Potter, Price,Rainey,
Read, Edward Y. Rice, Ellis H. Roberts, William
R. Roberts, Robinson, Rusk, Sawyer, Seeley, Ses-
sions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Sherwood,
Slater, Sloss, Snapp,ThomasJ.Speer, Sprague, Ste-
vens, Storm, Stoughton, Stowell, Strong, Swann,
Taffe, Terry, Thomas, Turner, Tuthill, Twichcll,
Tyner. Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell, Wakeman,
Walden, Waldron, Wallace, Walls. Warren, Wells,
Wheeler, Whiteley, Whitthorne, Williams of Indi-
ana, Williams of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson,
Winchester, Wood, and Young—149.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Arthur,
Averill, Barber, Barry, Beatty, Bingham, Austin
Blair, Campbell, Carroll, Coglilan, Conger, Dickey,
Duell, Eames, Eldredge, Elliott, Henry D. Foster,
Wilder D. Foster, Getz, Griffith, Halscy, Harmer,
John W. Hazelton, Hill, Hooper, Kelley, Killinger,
Lamison, Maynard, McClelland, McJunkin, McKee,
Mercur, Benjamin F. Meyers, Leonard Myers, Neg-
ley, Packer, Peek, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron F.
Perry, Poland. Randall, John M. Rice, Rogers, Sco-
field. Shoemaker, Slocum, II. Boardman Smith,
John A. Smith, R. Milton Speer, Starkweather, Ste-
venson, Sutherland, Washington Townsend, Upson,
Willard. and John T. Wilson—61.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Beveridge, Boles. Brooks,
Creely, Crocker, De Large. Dox, Du Bose, Goodrich,
Hambleton, Hanks, Kinsella, McKinney, Monroe,
Morey, Eli Perry, Piatt, Porter, Prindle, Ritchie,
Roosevelt, Sargent, Shober, Worthington C. Smith,
Snyder, St. John. Sypher, Dwight Townsend, and
Van Trump—29.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended and the bill passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. DOX said: I am paired with Mr. Mon-
roe, of Ohio. If he were present he would
vote a no," and I would vote "ay."
Mr. McINTYRE. I desire to state that
Mr. Du Bose, of Georgia, is absent on account
of sickness. If he were present he would
vote "ay."
Mr. MAYNARD. I am paired with my
colleague on the Committee of Waya and
Means, Mr. Kerr.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. He has voted.
Mr. MAYNARD. Then I vote "no."
The result of the vote was stated as above
recorded.
adjournment of congress.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and the following resolution adopted:
Rosolvrfl, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be discharged from the further consideration of the
Senato resolution fixing the adjournment of Con-
gress for tbe 29th of May instant, and that the said
resolution be now concurred in.
Mr. BINGHAM. On that resolution I call
for the yeas and nays.
The question was taken on ordering the
yeas and nays; and there were twenty-one in
the affirmative; not one fifth of the last vote.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for tellers on
ordering the yeas and nays.
1 Tellers were ordered, there being twenty-six
in the affirmative, one fifth of a quorum ; and
Mr. Bingham and Mr. Banks were appointed.
The House again divided ; and the tellers
reported that there were—ayes thirty-seven,
noes not counted.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken, and there were—
yeas 102, nays 51, not voting 26; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker. Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Banks, Barnum, Beck, Bell, Biggs,Bird.Aus-
tin Blair, James G. Blair, Braxton, Bright, Brooks,
Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett, Caldwell, Campbell,
Carroll, Clarke, Coghlan, Comingo, Conner, Cox,
Crebs, Critcher, Crossland, Darrall, Davis, Dawes,,
Dickey, Donnan, Dox, Duell. Duke, Eames, Eld-
redge, Ely, Famsworth, Farwell, Finkelnburg,
Forker, Charles Foster, Henry D.Foster, Wilder D.
ioster. Garfield, Garrott, Getz, Giddings, Golladay,
Grimta, Haldeman, Hale, flalsey, Hancock, Hand-
ley, Hanks, Harmer, Harper, George E. Harris,
John T. Harris, Havens, flawley, Hay, Hereford,
Herndon, Hibbard, Hill, Hoiman, Houghton, Kel-
logg, kerr, Ketcham, Killinger, King, Lamison,
.Lamport, Lansing, Leach, Lewie, Manson, Mar-
shall, McClelland, McCormick, McCrary, McGrew,
McHenry, Melntyre. McJunkin, McNeely, Mercur,
Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore,
Morgan, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley, Nib-
lack, Packer, Palmer, Hosea W.Parker, Isaac C.
Parker, Eli Perry, Peters, Potter, Price, Randall,
Read, Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, William R.
Roberts, Robinson, Scofield, Seeley, Sheldon, Shel-
labarger, Sherwood, Shoemaker. Slater, Slocum,
Sloss, Snapp, R. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer,
Starkweather, Storm, Stoughton, Stowell, Strong,
Sutherland, Swann, Sypher, Taffe, Terry, Thomas,
Washington Townsend, Tuthill. Twichell. Upson,
Van Trump, Vaughan, Voorhees, Waddell. Wake-
man, Walden, Waldron, Warren, Wells, Wheeler,
Whitthorne, Willard, Williams of Indiana, Wil-
liams of New York, John T. Wilson, Winchester,
Wood, and Young—162.
NAYS—Messrs. Averill, Barber, Barry, Beatty,
Bigby, Bingham, Buckley, Benjamin F. Butler, Rod-
erick R. Butler, Cobb, Coburn, Conger, Cotton, Dun-
nell, Elliott, Frye, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John
W. Hazelton, Hoar, Hooper, Kelley, Kendall,
Lowe, Lynch, Maynard, McKee. Merriam, Orr,
Packard, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron F. Perry,
Poland, Rainey, Ellis H Roberts, Rusk, Sargent,
Sawyer, Sessions, Shanks, H. Boardman Smith, John
A. Smith, Sprague, Stevenson, Turner, Tyner. Wal-
lace. Walls, and Jeremiah M. Wilson—51.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Beveridge, Boles,
Creely, Crocker, De Large, Du Bose, Goodrich,
Hambleton, Kinsella, McKinney, Monroe, Morey,
Piatt, Porter, Prindle, Ritchie, Rogers, Roosevelt,
Shober, Worthington 0. Smith, Snyder, Stevens, St.
John, Dwight Townsend, and Whiteley—26.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
resolution was adopted.
japanese indemnity fund.
Mr. BANKS. I am directed by the Com
mittee on Foreign Affairs to present their report
concerning the Japanese indemnity fund, and
to move that it be printed in the Globe to-
morrow morning, (as several bills on that sub-
will shortly come before the House,) and also
that it be printed in document form, and that
it be recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
The report is as follows :
The Committee on Foreign Affairs, to whom were
referred several bills to provide for the appointment
of a secretary of legation at the Court of Japan: to
appoint student interpreters at that Court; to com-
§ensate the Japanese Government for the United
tates legation buildings in Japan; concerning the
unpaid installments of the indemnity fund, with sev-
eral communications from the Secretary of State
upon the same subject, has considered the same, and
reports them to the House for consideration, with ;i
statement of the origin and character of the Jap
anese indemnity fund.
Commercial intercourse between Japan and Chris-
tian nations was commenced by Commodore Perry's
expedition from the United States in 1852. A treaty
of peace and amity between the United States ami
Japan was signed the31st of March, 1854. This was
the first treaty made between Japan and foreign
Powers. It opened the ports ot Simoda, in the
principality of Idzu, and Hakodadi, in the prinoi
pality of Matsai, to American vessels, and secuivcr
to Americans the freedom of the country within th
limits of seven Japanese miles from island in th^
harbor of Simoda. It also authorized the appoint
ment of consuls for the United States at Simoda
After an absolute prohibition of communioatior
with foreign nations for two hundred years, diplo-
matic intercourse was established by tho Umteo
States. The Portuguese and Dutch had enjoyed
the privilege of sending one or two vessels a year to
Japan at an earlier period, but with very limited
trade and no intercourse with the people. The suc-
cess of the United States led England and Russia to
send expeditions to Japan, and in the year follow-
ing the negotiation of the American treaty the s.uno
advantages were granted to England, to Russia, and
to Holland. A convention negotiated by Commodore
Perry opened, June 17,1857, the port of Nagasaki,
in the principality of Hizen, and secured tho right
of citizens of the United States to reside permanently
at Simoda and Hakodadi. In July, 1858, Mr. Town-
send Harris negotiated a commercial treaty for the
United States upon the basis of that negotiated be-
tween the United States and China in 185-1. This
treaty permitted the residence of diplomatic agents
at Yedo and the appointment of a minister ot Japan
to reside at Washington, and consuls at all ports of
the United States. Tbe ports of Kana&awa, Naga-
saki, Nee-e-gnta, and Iliogo were opened in suc-
cession at different periods of time to Americ mi
vessels. Americans were allowed to reside at Yedo
and at Osaea for purposes of trade. Religious free-
dom was secured to Americans, and places of public
worsnip were to be protected by the Japanese Gov-
ernment.
Intercourse was thus established with the princi-
pal Christian nations after an isolation of more than
two hundred years. Great opposition was made to
the now policy of Japan by some of the native princes,
who were sustained by their retainers among the
lower orders of people. The period immediately
following the negotiation of the commercial treaty
by Mr. Harris was one of violent disorder. The
tycoon was assassinated; some of the principal
officers of the foreign legations were murdered, and
