964
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
roe very much. The Senator from Michigan
on my left [Mr. Chaxdlkr] also astonished
me in what lie said, ile said that justice was
not done to his State; that his State is in
ashes. It' it is, I am very sorry for it. I cer-
tainly have never done anything or said any-
thing against his State. I never have shown
any vindictiveness of feeling against his Slate,
as he seems to do against the city in which 1
live. I have exhibited no feeling against any
persons or their misfortunes; but this misfor-
tune of Chicago seems to arouse a kind of
vindictiveness of feeling in the Senator from
Michigan that is perfectly astonishing to me.
He says I voted against adding Peshiigo
and Manistee. It is "not necessary for the
Senator to allude to a tiling of that kind in
order to have its effect when he knows very well
the principle upon which I did it; and I can
tell him that that same principle induced many
others, as well as myself, to vote against the
proposition. I voted against amending this
bill; but I said all the time I would vote for
any bill for Michigan or any bill for Wiscon-
sin, giving them the same justice and gener-
osity that was required by others. He has
never introduced a bill for Michigan, and he
says he never shall. Then, why does he twit
me with having voted against what he desires
when he does not want it and does not ask it?
He is too proud ; He cannot get on his knees.
God knows some of us ought to be on our
knees oitener than we are. [Laughter.]
There is no question about Hint. If it is un-
fortunate in me to say that my people come
here on their knees, that is to say, praying to
this Congress to give them aid; if that is a
disgrace to them, would to Gpd they would
disgrace themselves every hour in the day in
the same way. The Senator's constituents
never get on their knees I They ought to ; at
least their representative ought to, more, per-
haps, than he does. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. President, what is the cause of
this great heat? What have the people of
Chicago done to Michigan? They have made
you rich. Chicago's money has made your
people rich, and for that to-day she is receiv-
ing this very kind generosity 1 Sir, the feeling
that generally is found in the bosom of man,
reaching out in tenderness and kindness to-
ward the unfortunate, is expected at least to
be found as much in the bosoms of neighbors
as of strangers. Strange to say, however, the
neighbors of Chicago are not its best friends.
The prejudice on the question of tariff is sought
to be aroused on a proposition where charity
is asked, when the question is one of generos-
ity. We do not ask it as a right. The gen-
tleman said I demanded justice. I may have
used that word. But when he says 1 come
here to demand it, does that comport with the
language 1 used when I said Chicago was in
' ashes, and on her knees asking for ttie passage
of this bill? Does that show that I am de-
manding anything of the Senate? I demand
nothing. 1 present the unfortunate case of a
portion ot' my constituents, and I ask the gen-
erosity of the Senate, to deal with them as
they deem proper, and I expected that the
generous impulsed of a heart like that of the
Senator from Michigan, if it could be touched
for his own constituents, might at least be
touched somewhat by the misfortunes of peo-
ple situated elsewhere. But it seems not. It
seems that certain questions that might affect
us in the future corae in and ride over the gen-
erous sympathies that ought to be found in a
man's bosom. I am sorry it is so, but it is
true.
Mr. President, I leave this question to the
Senate; it is a question for them; I do not pro-
pose to discuss it any futther. It has been
discussed time and again by the three Senators
that to-day have opposed the bill. I have
refrained from making speeches, except the
one I made in the commencement of the dis-
cussion. The Senator on my left fiom Michi-
gan has made speeches on this subject, the
Senator on my right the same, and the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin two to d;ty. I shall re-
frain from saying anything further. Iam per-
fectly willing to let the Senate now take the
vote and decide the question. _
A constitutional objection is raised by the
Senator from Wisconsin, who is said to be a
fine lawver; he has that reputation in the
Supreme Court of the nation ; he has that repu-
tation among lawyers. I must say that I am
more astoudned at his doing this than I am at
the want of sympathy in the bosom of my friend
on my left, [Mr. Chandler.]
The Constitution is an old instrument, but
it is seldom read without discovering, just as
the occasion requires, something in it that we
did not think of before. This ease was under
discussion for a day, and the discovery was
not made then. That instrument is seldom
read, but it ought to be read more than it is.
I answered the proposition at the time, or at
least attempted to do so. I gave my answer
to the Senator who raised this_ constitutional
objection, and he abandoned it; saw it was
not tenable. At every session of Congress
since I first became a member, over twelve
years ago, bills have been passed remitting
duties.
Mr. SCOTT. If the Senator refers to me
as having raised the objection, I certainly have
not abandoned it. 1 renew it.
Mr. LOGAN. I beg the Senator's pardon.
I am speaking of the objection of my friend
from Wisconsin. I understood him to say
that that suggestion was abandoned, and this
one substituted.
Mr. CARPENTER. Not this one substi-
tuted.
Mr. LOGAN. But the other was abandoned.
Mr. CARPENTER. I was satisfied the bill
did not conflict with that provision.
Mr. LOGAN. That is what I understood
the Senator to say. I used my own language
when I said ''substituted.". I know the gen-
tleman did not do that, but the other consti-
tutional objection was abandoned when this
one was discovered. It is a new discovery.
Now, I should like to make one or two
suggestions to the Senate to show how strangely
we do discuss questions. If this bill is uncon-
stitutional, why did my friend from Wisconsin,
while it was under discussion at first and sub-
ject to amendment, propose seven amend-
ments from Wisconsin to this bill? Why did
he suggest the names of seven towns to be
included in this unconstitutional law? Did
he want to have seven unconstitutional votes
instead of one?
Mr. CARPENTER. I suppose my friend
from Illinois does not wish to misrepresent
me.
Mr. LOGAN. Not at all.
Mr. CARPENTER. The debate in which
I moved those amendments was before the bill
passed. This provision, so far as I know, was
never suggested until the motion to reconsider
was made, and then was suggested by the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. My attention had
never been called to it before.
Mr. LOGAN. That is exactly what I am
saying, in order to prove that this is a new dis-
covery in the Constitution by a gentleman who
has the reputation of being an excellent lawyer.
That is what I am trying to show. I am giving
him the credit that Columbus was entitled to
when he discovered America, for discovering
something that was undiscovered before. I
suppose his legal ability caused him to do it,
and I give him credit for it.
There were many things said that if I had
time and was not detaining the Senate I should
answer. My friend to my right [Mr. Perry, of
Michigan] made two very elaborate speeches,
and did that which is very unusual to be done.
He made two speeches without repeating the
first one over again entirely. That is seldom
done in this Chamber or elsewhere on the same
subject. So Igive hjm credit for having done
well. He made a good speech, taking hi3 view,
both times without repeating the first one. I
do not know buttliatthat is more than I cou.d
do, and more than is generally done. We have
all said everything that we know on this ques-
tion, some of us probably more, and I include
myself as well as others. My friend from Mich-
igan [Mr.ciiakdi.en] suggests that that is mean.
Well, 1 am witling to declare that he did not
say as much as I did, or he would have said a
good deal more than he knows. _ [Laughter. J
Inasmuch as this proposition is not gomgto
cause anybody to be murdered, as it is not m
violation of the Constitution ot the United
States, in my judgment, it will not be injurious
to any community, it will be an advantage to
one. When the Senator from Michigan ac-
cuses me of pleading before the Senate, I
admit it; I feel just as though I was pleading
a case before a jury for a client that was in an
untortunate condition. I do plead the case
of Chicago, and 1 do ask the Senate not to
reconsider this vote.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I do
not much like to be accused of a want of sym-
pathy either for myself or the State 1 have the
honor in part to represent. I he very morning
after the fire at Chicago, and while the city
was still burning, Detroit raised $40,000 in-
stantly in money and sent it to Chicago, and I
contributed with my fellow-citizens. 1 had a
fire myself which consumed a very large
amount of property. Within two or three
days after came the news of these terrible con-
flagrations in our northern counties, and we
again put our hands in our own pockets to
relieve our own sufferers.
I do not like to be accused personally, or to
have the Slate of Michigan accused, ol a want
of sympathy for Chicago. There is not a
town, city, or village, scarcely a hamlet,
throughout all the State of Michigan where
liberal contributions were not instantly made
for the sufferers' ot Chicago. The senator
says I know why be did not vote to put Pesh-
tigo and certain other cities in the bill. I am
utterly opposed to this method of taking money
from the Treasury. I do not believe it to be
constitutional, and I said I never should intro-
duce a bill of that kind, and I never shall. I
think it is abad precedent, and that the sooner
we do away with it the better. But if this was
a precedent to be followed, I asked as a sim-
ple act of justice that you put on these otht-r
citiesand villages that have been more totally
destroyed than was Chicago, and that sim-
ple act of justice, if it is to be a precedent,
was denied. And now I say again, as 1 have
said before, that I shall never introduce a bill
nor would I advocate a bill for those cities in
Michig-an and Wisconsin. I am opposed to
the principle. I believe the sooner we get rid
of a bad precedent the better it will be for the
nation.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I fear we
shall not be able to get through with this bill
to day, and with that belief I move that the
Senate now proceed with the consideration of
executive business.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the Senator from
Pennsylvania will not make that motion. We
can soon get the vote.
Mr. CAMERON. If we can have the vote
without further discussion, I will not inter
I am willing to have the
I will yield if a vote can
pose.
Mr. LOGAN.
vote taken.
Mr. CAMERON.
be taken.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ax-
tiiony in the chair.) The question is on the
reconsideration of the vote by which House
bill No. 5-35, for the relief of sufferers by tire
at Chicago, was passed.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was going to i-ay a
word, and lean assure ray friend from Penn-
sylvania that I will not occupy more than live
or six minutes.
The importance of this bill has been, as I
think, greatly overestimated. It seems to m9
