1860
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
said, was hats. It was shown conclusively that
hats were made and sold in the city of New
York at a lower price than they could be
afforded in Paris or in London. I might go
more into detail if time permitted.
I remember, sir, in the discussion between
Mr. McDuffie and Mr. Madison, one striking
fact which Mr. Madison stated in defense of
the theory of protection, and that was as to its
constitutionality. He adverted to the fact
that the Virginia members in the First Con-
gress of the United States advocated a duty
of two hundred per cent, upon beef, a duty
that would amount to exclusion, and it was
adopted by that Congress for the purpose of
excluding English beef which had before been
imported largely into this country.
There has been a general opinion prevailing
in the South that all duties were levied to the
prejudice of the southern people, that the
whole object was an exaction upon what agri-
cultural products they made, and that neces-
sarily the manufacturer everywhere under this
protective tariff of ours must grow rich. That
clearly has not been the history of the manu-
facturer without exceptions throughout the
North or throughout the South itself.
I recollect a discussion I once had with
a gentleman of' some distinction who claimed
that the northern manufacturer was a man of
such shrewdness, of such superior skill and
financial management, that he necessarily grew
rich under the system of protection. I asked
him if he had ever known him to abandon
manufacturing in the North and come down to
the South to set up a manufactory there and
conduct the business among us? He said he
had known such cases. I asked him what was
the character of those men, whether they were
'shrewd and intelligent or not? He answered
that they were; that some of them came down
South and conducted agricultural pursuits and
manufacturing business at the same time.
Then the question presented itself at once, if
a shrewd, designing man could have made his
fortune by remaining in New England, why
did he come down South to be robbed by his
brethren of New England, in the new business
he chose to pursue there ? Why should he
come to the South to manufacture or to plant,
as many did? So I always thought there was
a great deal of exaggeration and much allow-
ance to be made for the statements of those
who were called statesmen and those who were
mere politicians.
I remember as late as the year 1860 to have
witnessed on the floor of the House of Repre-
sentatives a discussion going on upon the tariff,
one advocating free trade, and Mr. Burlingame,
then a member from Massachusetts, approach-
ing me, and saying that he was ready to shake
hands with South Carolina upon the doctrine
of free trade. Another member from Massa-
chusetts standing near, I inquired of him what
he thought on the subject. That gentleman
is still a member of the other House, and a
very excellent atidexperienced member he is.
He replied that with the exception of a linen
factory, which I think was located at Fall
River, Massachusetts, he knew of no manu-
facturing establishment in the State of Massa-
chusetts that required protection. That was
twelve years ago. Now, the popular belief in
the South is that Massachusetts is most clam-
orous for a tariff, and that Massachusetts is
enriched daily by the tariff; whereas Massa-
chusetts statesmen have been ready for twelve
years to get rid of the tariff altogether, and
would emulate old England in that particular;
and on the occasion referred to, it was said
she was ready to strike hands with the extrem-
ists of South Carolina.
There is some delusion certainly somewhere
in regard to this whole matter. It is easy
indeed, perhaps, to account for the present posi-
tion of Massachusetts ou account of the char-
acter of her manufactures, which are very varied
indeed. She feels herself perhaps in advance
of all her New Eugknd sisters, and certainly
in advance of the middle States, or else this
proposition would not be tolerated by her
people. She is the oldest manufacturing com-
munity we have, to a great extent. She went
at it at an early day, opposing the tariff, as we
all know, in 1820, and even the increase in
1824. Mr. Webster himself never advocated
the tariff until 1828, when he had come into
the Senate, having before represented a dis-
trict of Massachusetts and voted against it;
whereas South Carolina, under the lead of Mr.
Calhoun, had been the advocate of protection
up to that time.
But, sir, my object in saying anything on
this subject was this: it occurred to me that
it would be wise, before there was a general
revision of the tariff as it now exists, for us
to make some disposition of the internal rev-
enue system. The idea has been thrown out
to-day by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner,] and expressed with some de-
gree of desire, that the whole system might
be banished ; that it might be got rid of; and
a large number of officers necessary to con-
duct it might no longer be a charge upon the
Treasury. I doubt the practicability of get-
ting rid of the system; I do not think we are
as yet. prepared for that; but I think grad-
ually we may get away from it, and in aban-
doning the system, reduce the number of
officials so as to have only enough—perhaps
one half of the present force might be suffi-
cient—to conduct it with the modifications
indicated by the Senator from Indiana in his
proposed amendment, and particularly with
those I propose to add. I should like to see
some disposition of that subject made in that
way, and that would lead us perhaps more
clearly to know how far the necessities of the
Government will permit us to encroach upon
the tariff by adding to the free list.
It may be urged that it matters not where
we begin ; that we may perfect the tariff, and
turning from it, with the estimates as to what
will be produced within the next fiscal year,
we may with like propriety see what reduc-
tions are practicable on the internal revenue
list; but since that is so much the smaller of
the two systems, and there is proposed a very
radical change, one that will make quite a dif-
ference in it, it occurs to me we had better
mature that before we go too far with the tariff.
There are certain articles that I should be glad
to see made free of duty, because 1 believe
it would add to the general content and hap
piness of the people of the United States.
Among those articles—they are great articles,
the duty on which amount to an aggregate sum
of perhaps seventeen million dollars a year—
are tea and coffee. There is no protection
certainly in advocating the duty on tea and
coffee, for neither is produced to any extent
whatever in the United States, but, as far as
the people are able to use them, they are of
very universal consumption. I think areduc-
tion or an abrogation of the duties upon those
two articles of household consumption would
be most agreeable to the aggregate mass of
our people, and would be alike agreeable in
every section of the Union. That considera-
tion addresses itself with a great deal of force
to my own mind, for certainly, where we can
do it, in levying taxes, they should be laid
with as great a desire as possible to alleviate
popular wants, and to occasion as little dis-
content on the part of the people as we possi-
bly can in enforcing their collection.
I did not propose to go into any statistics on
the subject of the tariff for the very reason that
I have given, that we are in no situation to
change it materially. We need as much reve-
nue a.s we can raise now by the present tariff,
particularly if we are to get rid of the internal
revenue system, and perhaps a little more.
Therefore we may be compelled to hold on to
some extent to the internal revenue system,
especially the tax upon the great articles of
spirits, fermented liquors, and tobacco. There
is where the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana leaves it, on three great leading arti-
cles of consumption in the country. While on
that subject I will mention in regard to tobacco
that I think from all the indications from every
quarter it would contribute to the popular con-
tent to impose the internal revenue tax upon
tobacco of every description at a uniform rate,
whatever rate that may be. Sixteen cents has
been spoken of very generally as a proper rate
to be fixed upon all varieties of tobacco,
whether plug, cut, or in auy other shape. _
I am of opinion that with the expansive,
original and very highly cultivated mind of
Mr. Calhoun, it was a great error of his in de-
siring to support this national Government by
a system of internal taxes. It was never tried
in his day except for a brief period during the
war of 1812, and extended then to but very few
articles indeed, or else I think he would have
changed his mind. I am sstisfied that there
has been no system of taxation ever invented
for this people that is so obnoxious to them as
the internal revenue system. There is nothing
to-day in America that tends so much to alien-
ate the feelings of masses of men from the
Government as some of the features of the
internal revenue law; and this is true of any
direct tax.
Statesmen and political agitators may talk
to the masses of men, never so much about
the wrongs that they suffer under impost sys-
tems, of the high duties that they pay for every-
thing they consume, and the manner in which
they are impoverished, but they do not see it
with the clearness and distinctness that they
do the dollar they take out of their pockets
and pay for a specific tax, imposed directly
by the Government.
I have had a great deal of sympathy with
that isolated, illy-informed, and thoughtless
mass of men generally inhabiting the mountain
districts, where they are poor, have but little,
and living remote from any railway or well
prepared thoroughfare to a market, convert
their surplus of grain into spirits, in the main
for consumption where they live. These
mountaineers—1 know it is so in my own State
and in the surrounding States—living almost
secluded from the world, sincerely believe that
there is no more propriety in this Government
imposing a tax upon a little still in which they
make twenty or fifty or one hundred gallons
of brandy or whisky in a year than there is in
its imposing it upon their dinner-pot, and its
daily supply of food.
And, sir, these are not the people who were
clamorous in the effort for breaking up this
Government ten or twelve years ago. This
class, in the main, did not partake of the
excitement that brought about the unhappy
controversy between the South and the Gov-
ernment, but they were disposed to peace.
That was their feeling then; but to-day, as I
believe, from this very system of internal
taxes, there is more discontent among that
class of men toward this Government than
you will find in any other section of the South.
It ought to be removed. The gain is not
enough, the revenues are too insignificant for
the Government to incur the displeasure and
dislike of these hitherto law-abiding, peaceful
citizens.
1 insist that the time has come when we may
dispense with these revenue laws, at least to
th* extent of discarding those features from
which spring the harassing annoyances of
visits from revenue officers, the admeasure-
ment of their little stills, and the compulsion
to obtain a license to use them, or else to be
indicted and carried away under guard for
one or two hundred miles to some court to be
tried for some supposed offense against the law.
Let us relieve this class of poor men. Let us
leave, as far as possible, the support of Gov-
ernment to be imposed upon luxuries, whether
by internal taxes or by duties on importations.
I do not ask that these men shall have i heir
whisky or their brandy free from the imposi-
tion of tax upon the article itself, Let it. be
