68
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
ernment be abolished; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented the petition of J ohn Caleb,
a citizen of the State of New York, praying to
be allowed a pension; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. CONKLING. I present also a petition
very numerously signed by citizens of the city
of Utiea, New York, praying that a building
may be erected there to furnish accommoda-
tions which have long been needed for the post
office and other matters pertaining to the pub-
lic service. I move its reference to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
John S. Burch, of Russell county, Ala-
bama, praying the removal of his political dis-
abilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Bussell county, Alabama, praying the removal
of the political disabilities of John S. Burch,
of that county; which was referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented three peti-
tions of citizens of Connecticut, praying that
the sale of stamped envelopes by the Govern-
ment be abolished; which were referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. POOL presented the petition of Henry
Watson, of Davidson county, North Carolina,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
He also presented the petition of Jacob T.
Brown and others, citizens of Davidson county,
NorthCarolina, praying the removal of polit-
ical disabilities from Henry Watson, of that
county; \Vhich was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland,' presented
a petition of E. E. Ewing and others, citizens
of Maryland, praying that the sale of stamped
envelopes by the Government be abolished ;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Bay City, Michigan; a petition of citi-
zens of Grand Rapids, Michigan; a petition
of citizens of East Saginaw, Michigan ; a peti-
tion of citizens of Kansas City, Missouri; a
petition of citizens of Minneapolis, Minnesota ;
and a petition of citizens of Portland, Maine,
complaining of certain alleged arbitrary decis-
ions by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
and praying for such a general reformation of
the revenue laws by Congress as will take from
any officer of the revenue the power to deprive
any eiti en of his rights to property without
process of law; which were referred to the
Committee on Finance.
He also presented the petition of Matthew
Callaghan, of the city of New York, praying
compensation for the use of his improvement
in envelopes; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. KELLOGG presented the petition of
the Chamber of Commerce of the city of New
Orleans,prayingaa appropriation of $4,000,000
for~the construction of a ship-canal from the
Mississippi river t® the Gulf of Mexico ; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of
George C. Wooley, praying compensation for
services rendered as watchman in the Interior
Department; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of
Ann E. Boyle, praying that her name be placed
on the naval pension-roll in consideration of
services rendered the United States by her
late husband, Commodore James J. Boyle,
United States Navy; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. PRATT. I present the petition of
Thomas S. Taylor and others, publishers and
stationers at Fort Wayne, Indiana, praying
Congress to abolish the sale of stamped envel-
opes by the Government, or to modify the
existing law authorizing their sale in certain
particulars pointed out, so as to relieve them
from unjust competition. I move its reference
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COOPER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Nashville, Tennessee, stationers, book-
sellers, &c., praying that the sale of stamped
envelopes by the Government be abolished ;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. CASSERLY, it was
Ordered, That the petition and papers of 3. Rosa
Browne foe taken from the files of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
On motion of Mr. SPENCER, it was
Ordered, That the petition of Moses B. Bramhall,
praying payment for cotton seized by the United
States Army and sold by order of the Government,
be taken from the flies of the Senate and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
interna!, revenue report.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred the concurrent
resolution submitted yesterday by Mr. Howe,
reported it without amendment; and, by unani-
mous consent, the resolution was considered
and agreed to, as follows:
Resolved by the Senate, (the House of Represent-
atives concurring,) That two thousand additional
copies of the last report of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, with the tables, be printed and
bound for the use of the Commissioner; and that
five hundred additional copies be printed with paper
covers, also for the use of the Commissioner.
bills introduced.
Mr. SUMNER asked, and by unanimotis
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 365) to secure equal rights in the public
schoolsof Washington and Georgetown ; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. I move the reference of
the bill to the Committee on the District of
Columbia, and that it be printed ; and with the
permission of the Chair I will make one obser-
vation. The bill I now have the honor of
introducing I introduced during the last Con-
gress, and after careful consideration in the
Committee on the District of Columbia I was
authorized to report it. It was on the Calen-
dar of the last Congress among the unfinished
business. I hope that the committee will be
able to report it promptly, and that the Senate
will be willing to act upon it. It is practically
to strike out the word "white " in the educa-
tional system of the District of Columbia, going
on the idea that that is the first thing to be
done in order to secure education for the
colored race ; and the example of the District
of Columbia will naturally be followed through-
out all the States where there are colored per-
sons. I hope that when the bill comes before
the Senate finally, on the report of the com-
mittee, it may be acted upon promptly.
The_ bill was referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. WILSON asked,and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce abill (S. No.
366) to establish a marine registry of shipping
and to promote the interests of American conT-
merce; which was read twice by its title, re-
ferred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 367) to amend an act entitled "An act
regulating proceedings in criminal cases, and
for other purposes," approved March 3,1865;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
368) to establish certain post routes in Indi-
ana; which w^s read twice by its title, referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BLAIR asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce abill (3. No.
369) for the relief of certain citizens of Glas-
gow, Missouri, and for other purposes ; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CORBETT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 370) for the relief of William L. Adams;
which was read twice by its title, referred to
the Committee on Claims, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CORBETT also asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 371) granting lands to the State
of Oregon, to aid in the construction of a
military wagon-road from the navigable waters
of Tillamook bay to Grand Ronde valley, in
Yamhill county, in said State; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Public Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CORBETT also asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 372) for the relief of Jeronimus
H. TJnderhill, of New York city ; which was
read twice by its title, and, with the papers in
the case already on the files of the Senate,
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. CASSERLY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 373) for the relief of J. Rosa Browne,
late minister to China; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is the same bill
which was reported from the Committee on
Foreign Relations at a previous session and
passed by the Senate. I move that it be re-
ferred to the same committee now. _
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 374) making appropriations for certain
expenditures therein named; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 375) for the relief of M. YonEutress Fuers-
teneck, late second lieutenant of the sixty-
eighth New York volunteers; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
frederick l. dayton.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the following reso-
lution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be,
and he is hereby, requested to send to the Senate the
papers in the case of the application of the minor
heirs of Frederick L. Dayton for pension, No. 179,714.
duties on cotton bagging.
Mr. WEST submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Resolved,_That tho Committee on Finance be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of exempting
. payment of customs duties all materials,
^eluding iron ties, imported into the United States,
which are used for the purpose of baling and bag-
ging cotton.
population statistics.
Mr. T&UMBULL submitted the following
resolution; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of the
senate fifty thousand copies of the statistics of popu-
lation of the ninth census.
timber on homestead lands.
Mr. WRIGHT submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
# Resolved, That the Committee on Public Lands be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of provid-
