1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275~7
W. E. AND J. M. FARLEY.
Mr. BIRD also, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 2563) granting a
pension to William E. Farley and John M.
Farley; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes and
directs the Secretar3' of the Interior to place
on the pension-roll, subject to the provisions
and limitations of the pension laws, the names
of William E. Farley and John M. Farley,
minor children of A. J. Farley, late a private
in company F, fifth regiment West Virginia
infantry, to take effect from the date of the
passage of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed,it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BIRD moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MOORE. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
(at nine o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.)
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &e., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BIGGS: The petition of L. Lyons,
H. Hickman, H. R. Burton, and some 80
others, citizens of Sussex county, Delaware,
praying an appropriation for the improvement
of Lewes river, in Delaware.
By Mr. COBURN: The petition of certain
soldiersand sailors of Pottsville, Pennsylvania,
and of Providence, Rhode Island, asking a pro-
vision for an industrial home for the orphans
of soldiers and sailors.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Pennsylvania: The
petition of Robert H, Chipman, asking the
passage of House bill No. 1738, to increase the
pensions of all who have lost limbs or eyes.
By Mr. KELLEY: The memorial of 20 citi-
zens of the United States, protesting against
the change in the Constitution allowing a per-
son of foreign birth to become President of
the United States.
By Mr. LYNCH: The petition of merchants
of Portland, Maine, asking that the tobacco
bonded warehouse system be continued.
By Mr. PERRY, of New York: The peti-
tion of 150 citizens of Albany, New York, for
an increase of pension for disabled soldiers and
sailors.
By Mr. PL ATT: The petition of H. H.
Wells, T. H. Dabney, D. W. Bohannon, and
others, for the passage of House bill No. 1738.
Also, the petition of soldiersand sailors lately
in the volunteer forces of the United States,
asking that the twenty-fifth section of an act
of Congress, approved July 15, 1870, be
amended.
By Mr. PRICE: The petition of Mrs. Mary
H. Seward, of Georgia, widow, daughter, and
heir, and for the coheirs of John H. Seward,
late of Portsmouth, New Hampshire, .asking
the payment of the French spoliation claims.
Also, the petition of D. J. Burl, of Dawson
county, Georgia, for the removal of his polit-
ical disabilities.
By Mr. STEVENSON: The petition of
Mrs. E. Horsley, widow of Charles Horsley,
deceased, a late pensioner of the United
States, praying relief on account of his death
and in lieu of his pension.
By Mr. TW1CHELL: The petition of M.
Augenstein.
By Mr. WALDRON: The petition of John
J. Bagley & Co. and others, manufacturers of
and wholesale dealers in manufactured tobacco,
of Detroit, asking the retention of the present
tax on manufactured tobacco, and the enforce-
ment of the provisions of existing-law.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, April 25, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. S. M. Hartsock, of Wash-
ington, District of -Columbia.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Journal
of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. HOWE. If there is not any special
desfre to hear it, I should like to have the
further reading of the Journal dispensed with.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Journal-is
very long this morning, as it incorporates the
titles of a large number of pension bills which
were received yesterday and referred; but if
any Senator objects, it must be read.
Mr. CASSER.LY. I wish the Senator would
wait until we have something more like a
(juorum here. I do not object if the Senator
is not willing to wait, but I suggest it to him.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin desire to call up anything
subject to the. morning business?
Mr. HOWE. Of course ; I want to dispose
of the matter I had up yesterday morning.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California does not object, and there
being no objection the further reading of the
Journal will be dispensed with. The Senator
from Wisconsin now asks to call up some
matter subject to the morning business.
Mr. HOWE. It is the bill-that was left
unfinished yesterday on the suggestion of the
Senator from California, Senate bill No. 671,
to authorize the West Wisconsin Railway Com-
pany to keep up and maintain a bridge for
railway purposes across Lake St. Croix at
the city of Hudson, in the State of Wisconsin.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Wisconsin asks unanimous consent to
take up the bridge bill which was considered
and debated yesterday and passed over on the
suggestion of the Senator from California. It
will be considered as taken up subject to the
morning business.
Sarah m'esany.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendments of the House of Rep-
resentatives to the bill (S. No. 847) granting
a pension to Sarah McEnany; which were
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of the
Little Sisters of the Poor, praying an appro-
priation to build a house for aged and infirm
people in the District of Columbia ; which was
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
He also presented two petitions of late
soldiers and sailors of the volunteer Army
and Navy, praying the passage of a bill to
provide industrial homes and training schools
for the orphans of'soldiers and sailors; which
were ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CRAGIN presented a memorial of one
hundred and five business firms on Broadway
and adjacent streets in the city of New York,
using over one thousand sewing-machines,
remonstrating against the extension by Con-
gress of the patent of'A. B. Wilson; which
was referred to the Committee on Patents.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of A.
Gordon Muilin, of Philadelphia, praying for !
an issue of new bonds of the United States in
lieu of bonds destroyed by fire; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. THURMAN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Ohio, late soldiers, praying for an
equalization of bounties, and to be allowed to |
enter public lands unconditionally; which was !
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs, j
Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented a memorial |
of Henry W. Biggs and thirty-two others, citi-
zens of Chiliicothe, Ohio, asking Congress to
adopt measures by which the benevolent may
relieve those who are perishing by the famine
in Persia; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, I
present a resolution and a report which are in
the nature of a memorial. They were adopted
at a session of the National Council of Con-
gregational Churches of the United States held
at Oberlin, Ohio, in November last, in which
three thousand churches located between the
eastern border of Maine and the western slope
of Oregon were largely represented by both
ministers and laymen.
The council is an organization designed to
secure cordial and efficient cooperation in
measures which under the favor of Heaven
will augment and extend the influence of the
Christian religion.- It fully understands that
civilization and humanity go hand in hand with
Christianity, and that these interests are pro-
moted or checked by the action of human gov-
ernments. Therefore the council could but
notice the providence of God in the affairs of
our nation; and when its members reflected
upon the way in which He had led us through
years of strife, and how He had inclined the
President and those who are associated with
him in the administration of the Government
to unite with the representatives of Great
Britain in concluding the treaty of" Washing-
ton, by which the delicate and perplexing ques-
tions which- threatened our peace have been
left to the determination of intelligent and dis-
interested arbitrators, their gratitude was made
manifest- in prayer and thanksgiving to God.
The report expresses a cordial approval of
the course which our Government has pur-
sued in reference to this subject, and a desire
that Congress at its present session would
take measures to secure among all nominally
Christian and civilized nations a system of
international arbitration in conformity with
the principles set forth in that treaty.
The members of the council had not forgot-
ten the timely and ever memorable words,
"Let us have peace." They hailed with joy
the treaty as leading the nations in the direc-
tion of universal peace. They felt that it was
in harmony with the song heard on the plains
of Bethlehem nearly two thousand years ago,
when the Prince of Peace made His advent,
and when angels sang "Glory to God in the
highest, and on earth peace.''
Inspired by these sentiments the resolution
was adopted which led to the appointment of
a committee to make a report, and their report
was adopted without a dissenting voice.
They are addressed to the Senate, and pre-
sented in accordance with a vote of the coun-
cil. I will read the report, that it may go
before the country:
, "This Council of Congregational Churches of the
j United States, at its first triennial session, desires to
express and record its profound satisfaction that the
difficulties between this nation and Great Britain,
arising from the conduct of citizens and the Govern-
ment of Great Britain during the rebellion in this
country, have been at length referred to an inter-
national arbitration in place of the fearful arbitra-
ments of war, a reference which warrants the hope
that this happy mode of adjustment and reparation
may be always adopted hereafter in all eases of va-
riance between us, on which side soever the wrong
may be. Wo record, also, our desires that steps may
be taken by the Congress of the United States, at its
session now at hand, to secure among all nominally
Christian and civilized nations the establishment of
a system of international arbitration."
It is signed by Rev. William Ives Budding-
ton, of Brooklyn, New York, moderator, and
by Rev. Alonzo H. Quint, of New Bedford,
Massachusetts, secretary. I move its refer-
ence to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of
Hiram Prather, of Indiana, praying payment
for services rendered as an officer in the war
of the rebellion; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. CAMERON presented a memorial of
citizens of Pennsylvania engaged in manufac-
turing earthern and stoneware and clay, re-
monstrating against the proposed reduction in
the tariff bill on wares of a like kind; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CONKLING presented a petition of
