1872.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
3653
several legation buildings were burned. The native
princes held in their pay masses of the people, who
endeavored to intimidate native merchants and de-
stroy their trade with foreigners. Small traders and
workingmen were organized against the supporters
of the new policy and those engaged in foreign
commeree; and some of the most prominent silk
merchants were assassinated during this period.
The rebels against the liberal policy of the Japan-
ese Government seized the ports and some of the
principal naval posts, and made war upon all
foreign vessels. The American frigate Wyoming
and the merchant ship Pembroke were fired
upon in 1863. In 1864 Choshu, prince of Nagato,
who ruled the provinces of Suwo and Nagato.
having absolute possession of the Japanese for-
tifications which commanded the straits of Sim-
onoseki, and having with him the person of the
mikado, or spiritual ruler, refused to recognize
the validity of the treaties concluded by the tycoon
with foreign Powers, and closed by force this chief
passage to the principal inland sea of the empire.
In this controversy the tycoon desired at first to
conciliate the anti-toreign party, and was disposed
to yield to their demands; but he was relieved from
that necessity by the support which the treaty Pow-
ers gave to his Government. At his request the
forces of the United States, Great Britain, France,
and the Netherlands in Japanese waters jointly
determined to open the straits by force. The cam-
paign opened on the 4th of September, 1865, and
lasted five days. The fleets destroyed the batteries
commanding the straits, blew up the magazines,
threw shot and shell into the sea, carried away sev-
enty cannon, and obtained an unconditional surren-
der from Prince Choshu, who agreed to pay the
expenses of the expedition.
The treaties were ratified by the mikado, as they
had been before by the tycoon, thus uniting the two
elements of power existing in Japan; and the lib-
eral foreign policy of the tycoon was firmly estab-
lished. The Government of the tycoon preferring
to assume the expenses of the expedition, which
Choshu had agreed to pay. entered into the conven-
tion of October 22,1864, stipulating to pay the four
Powers $3,000,000, "this sum to include all claims, of
whatever nature, for past aggressions on the part of
Nagato. whether indemnity, ransom for Simonoseki,
or expenses entailed by the operations of the allied
squadrons." The whole sum was to be paid quarterly,
in installments of $500,000 each.
Fifteen hundred thousand dollars have been paid
under this convention, and $1,500,000 remain unpaid.
The Japanese Government asks to have the pay-
ment of the unpaid balance deferred until 1872,
because of their utter inability to meet the demands
made upon them pursuant to the convention, their
obligations to the allied Governments being fully
recognized.
The Secretary of State informed the Committee
on Foreign Affairs that the whole amount to be paid
under the convention to the four Powers was
$3,000,000; and it was stipulated that it should be
paid m installments of one sixth of the whole
amount. Three installments have been paid to the
several Powers, amounting to $1,500,000; three re-
main unpaid, the principal of which amounts to
$1,500,000, the bhaie of the United States therein
being $375,000.
Of the amount already paid by the Government
of Japan, one fourth part has been received by the
United States, which, being placed to its credit with
Baring Brothers, of London, yielded the sum of
£88,881 18s. lOci. This, transferred to New York,
produced in currency the sum of $586,125 87. These
funds were invested in ten-forty bonds of the Uni-
ted States at par. The accruing interest has been
invested in the same class of bonds. This fund now
amounts to $705,000, in registered bonds. The Sec-
retary of State, in a communication, (Senate Exec-
utive Document 58, Forty-First Congress, second
session,) says that he is not aware of any claims
against this fund.
In a letter dated January 8, 1868, addressed to the
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the
Secretary of State (Mr. Seward) made this state-
ment: "that pursuant to the stipulations of the
treaty with Japan of the 22d of October, 1864, to
which the United States was a party, this Govern-
ment has received from the Japanese Government,
without substantial equivalent, as its share of the
indemnity stipulated to be paid by that treaty, the
sum 01 $600,000 in gold. This amount has been in-
vested in United States registered bonds, and awaits
such disposition as Congress may direct."
The aggregate indemnities for all injuries to
American citizens and property in Japan was stated
by the American minister, in December, 1863, at
$30,000. Demands were made for $32,000, exclusive
ot the damage done to thePembroke, which was iixed
by the Japanese Government at $10,000 (Pages 463
and 475. Diplomatic Correspondence, 1864-65, part
three.) So that the whole amount of damages claimed
b> the United States would not exceed £42,000 up to
December, 1863. The naval foree of the United
States on the cost of Japan, in September, 1864, was
the Jamestown, with two hundred and eighteen men
and twenty-one guns; a chartered steamer, la-
Kiang, forty men, three guns. The Jamestown was
assignedto the defenseofthe port of Yokohama, and
the Ta-kiang formed part of the expedition to Sim-
onoseki. The French naval force consisted of the
Semiramis, Dupleix, and Tancred, with sixty-four
guns and eight hundred and fifty men. The English
fleet numbered ten war vessels,with one hundred and
sixty-four gunsand two thoui-and eight hundred and
fifty men, including marines and engineers. The
Netherlands had four war-vessels, with fiity-six
guns and nine hundred and fifty men.
It appears from this history that the indemnity
fund was intended to satisfy "all claims, of what-
ever nature, for past aggressions on the part of
Nagato. whether indemnity, ransom of Simonoseki,
or expenses entailed by the operations of the allied
squadrons." The Government of the United States
has already received a sum which, with the interest
thereon, amounts to more than seven hundred
thousand dollars. All the claims for injuries sus-
tained by this Government in consequence of the
operations of Nagato do not amount to .forty thou-
sand dollars. The expenses incurred by the Gov-
ernment of the United States by the participation
of the chartered steamer Ta-kiang in the opera-
tions against Simonoseki in 1864 cost the Govern-
ment only a few thousand dollars.
The claim is therefore, as, stated by the late Sec-
retary of State,Hon. "William H. Seward, substan-
tially without equivalent. It is confidently believed
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs, after a very
careful consideration of the circumstances of tho
ease, that the United States may wisely remit the
unpaid installments of this indemnity fund without
injury to this Government or to the people. It is
believed that such a policy will result in the estab-
lishment of more intimate relations between this
Government and the Government of Japan, and
ultimately prove of great benefit to the commerce
of the two countries and to the progress of civiliza-
tion.
Tie committee unanimously reports a bill releas-
ing tho Government of Japan from the payment
of the installments of the indemnity fund remain-
ing unpaid, and recommends its passage.
CHINESE INDEMNITY FUND.
Mr. BANKS, by mnanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Foreign Affairs
a bill (H. R. No. 2849) concerning the balance
of the Chinese indemnity fund; which was read
a first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and recommitted.
EVENING SESSION FOR NAVAL BUSINESS.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that a session of the House be
ordered for next Thursdey evening for the
consideration of the business of the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
The question being taken on the motion,
"there were—ayes 90, noes 81.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the order made.
PUBLIC BUILDING IN PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. GETZ. The Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds have directed me to
rereport a bill (H. E. No. 2850) authorizing
the construction of a public building at Phila-
delphia, Pennsylvania, for the use of the post
office and United States courts in said city,
and to move that the rules be suspended and
the bill passed.
The bill was read. Itauthorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to purchase a lot
of ground in the city of Philadelphia, State of
Pennsylvania, suitable for a site for the ac-
commodation of the post office and United
States courts in said city, either adjoining the
site at present used for that purpose, or else-
where in the city, and to erect a building
thereon, at a cost, including the ground and
premises so purchased, not exceeding $1,500,-
000, the plans for the building to be approved
by the Secretary of the Treasury and the Post-
master General.
But no money hereafter to be appropriated
for this purpose is to be used or expended until a
valid title to the land for the site of such build-
ing shall be vested in the United States, and
until the State of Pennsylvania shall cede its
jurisdiction over the same, and shall also duly
release and extinguish to the United States the
right to tax or in any way assess said site, and
the property of the United States that may be
thereon during the time the United States shall
be or remain the owners thereof.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Getz to suspend the rules, there were—
ayes 93, noes 18; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Holman and
Mr. Getz were appointed.
Mr. HOLMAN. I believe there is only
$1,500,000 appropriated by this bill—a mere
bagatelle!
Mr. GETZ. It makes no appropriation
at all.
The SPEAKER. The tellers will not debate
! the question.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 116. noes 9.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays. This involves an appropriation of over
a million and a half dollars.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So (two thirds having voted in the affirma-
tive) the rules were supended, and the bill was
BUELL COURT OF INQUIRY.
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
offer the following bill as a report of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs for consideration at
this time It is a bill (H. R. No. 2851) to
provide for the restoration of the records of
the proceedings of the court of inquiry con-
cerning the operations of the army under the
command of Don Carlos Buell in Kentucky
and Tennessee.
The preamble and the bill were read. The
preamble states that it appears in the mat-
ter of the investigation made by the court of
inquiry in the years 1862 and 1863 into the
operations of the army under the command of
General Don Carlos Buell in Kentucky and
Tennessee that the record of the proceedings
of said court are not to be found in the proper
fiies in the War Department; and that it fur-
ther appears there is in the possession of
Benn Pitman, the phonographic reporter of
said court, a full and complete report of the
proceedings of said court of inquiry.
The bill then provides that the Secretary of
War be directed to employ at once Benn Pit-
man, the reporter for the court of inquiry in
the said matter, to make a full and complete
transcript of the phonographic notes taken by
him during the said investigation, and to put
the same on file among the records of the War
Department, and to furnish a copy of the same
to Congress.
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker, I desire unan-
imous consent to make a statement on behalf
of the Committee on Military Affairs, who have
instructed me to report this bill as being in
part only of discharge of their duty under the
resolution calling for inquiry as to a loss of
records from the War Department. The loss
of these records is undisputed. The Secretary
of War, the Adjutant General, the Judge Ad-
vocate General, and other officers have been
examined, and they have testified that these
records are lost; at least, that after diligent
search they have not been found on file in the
War Department, and have no trace of them
whatever. On further inquiry, the committee
have ascertained that a gentleman by the name
of Benn Pitman has possession of the full and
complete notes made out by himself of the pro-
ceedings of that court of inquiry. He has been
examined particularly and carefully on the
subject. He was the phonographic reporter.
The committee were not charged by the reso-
lution to go into an investigation as to the con-
tents of these records. They were authorized
to send for persons and papers and examine
witnesses on oath with a view of ascertaining,
if possible, what has become of such record,
and who is responsible for its loss, and to
inquire generally as to the preservation of the
records of the War Department.
The committee, in pursuance of that resolu-
tion, have gone on and examined a large num-
ber of witnesses to ascertain who was responsi-
ble for the loss of those records, and if possible
where they were. So far the committee have
been unable to trace the loss or abstraction to
any person, or to fix it at any particular time,
or to ascertain whether or pot they were iu the
hands of any person outside of the War De-
partment at any time. In view of the facts, and
of the further fact there is in town now a gen-
tleman (Benn Pitman) who has in his posses-
sion a full, complete and entire account in short-
hand of the proceedings of this court of inquiry,
the committee recommend that he be employed
at once to make a transcript of his notes under
authority of the Secretary of War, to go upon
