1862
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no; let us take this
vote first.
Mr. CORBETT. Tlie question, I believe,
is ou the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania, and to that amendment I wish to
speak.
Mr. SPENCER. Will the Senator yield to
a motion to adjourn?
Mr. CORBE1T. I will give way to a motion
to adjourn.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator from
Alabama will allow us to have an executive
session ; it is very necessary that there should
be one for about ten minutes.
Mr. SPENCER. Very well; I will modify
my motion, and move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is not the Senator from
Oregon prepared to go on this afternoon ?
Mr. CORBETT. I prefer to speak in the
morning. I shall not make any very exten-
sive remarks, however. I have no prepared
speech, but I wish to give the reasons for my
vote.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion for
an executive session is not debatable, except
by unanimous consent. The question is on
the motion of the Senator from Alabama.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceedtd to the consideration of executive
busiuess. After being ten minutes in execu-
tive session, the doors were reopened, and (at
four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, March 21, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. J. P. Newman. D. D., Chaplain of the
Senate.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
IMPORTATION Of HIGHLAND KILTS, ETC.
Mr. E. II. ROBERTS, by unanimous con-
beni, reported back from the Committee of
Ways and Means a bill (H. It. No. 789) to per-
mit the importation free of duty of certain
Highland kilts and uniforms for the seventy-
ninth regiment of Highlanders of the National
Guard, State of New York.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
Secretary of the Treasury to deliver, free of
all duty and charge for customs, eleven cases
marked one to eleven inclusive, addressed to
George Mitchell, New York, and containing
kilts and uniforms for the seventy-ninth regi-
ment of Highlanders of the National Guaid,
Slate of New York ; and also any additional
kilts and uniforms of like pattern that may be
imported within two years from tho passage
of this act, not to exceed one thousand in
total number.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. E. II. ROBERTS moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PRINTING KB KLUX REPORTS.
Mr. PENDLETON. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing to report back House
resolution to print extra copies of the majority
and minority reports of the joint Committee
to Inquire into the Condition of the late Insur-
rectionary States as amended by the Senate,
and to ask the concurrence of the House in
the amendments.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
resolution as proposed to be amended by the
Senate.
The Clerk read as follows:
hewlved ly the Ifouie of,Representatives of the
United Mate*, (the iSenate concurring,) That there
be printed of the majority and minority reports of
the joint Committee to Inquire into the Condition ot
tho late Insurrectionary States forty thousand extra
copies, of which ten thousand shall be for the use
of the Senate and thirty thousand tor the use of the
House of Representatives; also five thousand extra
copies of alt the testimony taken by said committee,
of which fifteen hundred copies shall be for the use
of the Senate, and thirty-five hundred for the use of
the House of Representatives.
Mr. RANDALL. I understand that this
comes from tlie Committee on Printing.
The SPEAKER.. It was referred yesterday
to that committee, and is reported back this
morning with a recommendation that the
Senate amendments be concurred in. The
amendments simply increase the number of
reports to be printed. If there be no objec-
tion the amendments will be considered as
concurred in.
There was no objection ; and the amend-
ments were accordingly concurred in.
Mr. PENDLETON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the amendments of the Senate
were concurred in ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALABAMA CLAIMS "CASE."
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a resolution from the Senate
relative to printing extra copies of the "case"
of the United States to be presented before
the tribunal of arbitration at Geneva ; which
was referred to the Committee on Printing.
KEP011T OF INVESTIGATING COMMITTEE.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con sent,
laid before the House a resolution of the Sen-
ate relative to printing the report of the testi-
mony taken before the Senate Committee on
Investigation and Retrenchment; which was
referred to the Committee on Printing.
PROTECTORATE OVER NAVIGATOR ISLANDS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the President of the United States, trans-
mitting, in compliance with a resolution of the
House of Representatives of the 7th instant, a
report of the Secretary of State, inclosing cor-
respondence and documents received by him
relating to the application of the inhabitants
of Navigator Islands, in the Pacific ocean, to
have the protection of the Government of the
United States extended over those islands;
which was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
CENSUS REPORT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a concurrent resolu-
tion of the Senate for printing extra copies of
the first eight tables of the census report in
muslin covers; which was referred to the
Committee on Printing, and ordered to be
printed.
EXPLORATION OP FORTIETH PARALLEL.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution of
the House of March 11, 1872, in relation to
the number of volumes of Clarence King's
report on the geological exploration of the
fortieth parallel; which was referred to the
Committee on Printing, and ordered to be
printed.
PORT OF SAN FRANCISCO, CALIFORNIA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treasury, in answer to a res-
olution of the House of February 2, 1872,
transmitting a letter from the collector of cus-
toms of Sau Francisco, California; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
POUT RTBILACOOM.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before tho House a letter from the
Secretary of War, transmitting certain plats
of the military reservation of Fort Steilacoom
for the Committee on the Territories; which was
referred to the Committee on the Territories,
and ordered to be printed.
WINNEBAGO INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to an appropria-
tion to pay twelve Winnebago Indians ; which
was referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, and ordered to be printed.
POTTAWATOMIES.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, in relation to the
condition of certain Indians known as the
Pottawatomies; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
PROPERTY SOLD BY H'AK DEPARTMENT.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in answer to a resolution
of the House of March 11,1872, in relation to
public property sold by the War Department
since July 1, 1865 ; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
MINING STATISTICS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secretary
of the Treasury, transmitting the report of the
commissioner ot' mining statistics on mines and
mining west of the Rocky mountains, for the
year ending December 31, 1871; which was
referred to the Committee on Mines and Mining,
and ordered to be printed.
L13AVE OF ABSENCE.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Foster, of Ohio, for four days;
to Mr. Porter for the remainder of this week,
in consequence of a death in his family; to
Mr. Coras for ten days, and to Mr. Ambleb
until the end of next week.
ELIZABETH N. JACKSON.
On motion of Mr. BROOKS, of New York,
leave was granted for the withdrawal from tho
files of the House of the papers in the case of
Elizabeth N. Jackson.
ENROLLED BILLS.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; when the Speaker signed the
same:
A bill (S. No. 94) for the relief of Miss
Keturah Cole; and
A bill (S. No. 715) relating to the capture
of the Albemarle.
MORNING HOUR.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins, at eighteen minutes past twelve o'clock,
and the House resumes the consideration of
the bill reported from the Committee on Com-
merce yesterday.
Mr. LYNCH. My colleague on the com-
mittee yields to me to report back from the
Committee on Commerce a bill (II. R. No.
458) to facilitate commerce between the United
States and China and Japan, and other coun-
tries of Asia.
Mr. RANDALL. Let us hear the bill read.
The bill was read.
Mr. RANDALL. I object. I would prefer
that this bill should come up in regular order.
On its face it looks to me like Hudson Bay
Company No. 2.
ivlr. LYNCII. It is reported unanimously
from the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. RANDALL. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. WH1TTIIORNE. I object.
Mr. LYNCH. My colleague on the com-
mittee, the gentleman from Michigan, [Mr.
Conger,] has consented that this bill should
come up before the House resumes the consid-
