3654
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
file in the War Department,-who is to furnish
a copy forthwith to Congress.
I will say a word or two in addition. There
have been some rumors circulated of a desire
oti the part of the committee, or a majority of
the committee, to suppress the facts in refer-
ence to this matter, to smother inquiry, and to
prevent a full and fair investigation into the
loss of those records. Now, I am authorized
to say as well for myself as for the ether mem-
bers of the committee that such reports are
totally and absolutely without foundation. The
committee have desired to obtain the very best
testimony in the premises, and now believe
they have obtained, not what they were directed
to find, but another fact of great importance
now reported. The entire proceedings of the
committee have exhibited an anxiety and earn-
estness to ascertain the truth, the whole truth,
and nothing but the truth, and the investiga-
tion will be prosecuted to ascertain what has
become of the original records and how the
loss was caused.
I move to suspend the rules and that the
bill be passed.
Two thirds voting in favor thereof, the rules
were suspended, aud the bill was passed.
MISSSAGK FROM TUB SENATK.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
box, one of its clerks, informed the House
that the Senate had agreed to the report of
the committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes of the two Houses on the bill (S.
No. 4(58) to regulate criminal practice in the
Federal courts.
PIUHMOST AND POTOMAC RAILROAD.
Mr. POLAND. I am instructed by the
unanimous vote of the Commiitee for the
District of Columbia to move that the rules
be suspended, and that the hill (S. No. 691)
giving the assent of Congress to the subscrip-
tion of the District of Columbia to the stock
ot the Piedmont and Potomac liailroad Com-
pany be passed. X muke that motiou.
Tne bill was read. It proposes to npprove
and sanction the act of the Legislative Assemoly
of the District of Columbia entitled ''in act
to authonze a subsciiption to the stock of the
Piedmont and Potomac Railroad Company
upon ceiiain conditions," provided that before
any part of the said subscription shall be paid,
the Governor ami Board of Public Works,
acting separately, shall be satisfied that said
rail toad will be completed aud used to a point
on the Potomac river opposite the ciiy of
Washi n ton or Georgetown by aid of the sub-
set ipiion ; and piovided furihei, that no part
of tlie Maid subscription by said District sball
be paid umil SI,000,000 shall have been sub-
set ibed by private parties aud shall have been
actually paid in cash and expended in the con-
struction of tlie road ; and provided further,
that tlie said Piedmont and Potouiac Railroad
Company shali enter into bonds in the sum of
$800,000, with good and sufhi-ieiit individual
suieties to he approved by the Governor of the
District of Columbia and the Secietary of t.lie
Treasury of the United States, conditioned
for the repayment with interest of the money
subscribed to the capital stock of the said
company by the said District, if the said com-
pany shall fail to complete the said road for
the running ot cars within three years from
the acceptance of the $600,000 to be subscribed
by the said District, and no part of such sub-
scription shall be paid until such bond be
given, approved, and tiled in the office of the
secretai) oi the Distiictof Columbia; provided
fui ther, that the tax levied by authority of the
said act shall not exceed §30,000 for interest
in any one year; and provided also, that no
bonds 10 raise the funds that may he required
to pay the said subscription shall be disposed
oi by the D.stnet at lesj than par.
fl he question was on suspending the rules
and passing the bill; and being taken, there
were—ayes 98, noes 25.
So (two thirds having voted in favor thereof)
the rules were suspended and the bill was
TITLE TO CERTAIN LANDS IN IOWA.
Mr. KETCHAM. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the bill (S. No. 1015) to
quiet the title to certain land in the State of
Iowa, be taken from the Speaker's table and
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Will this
motion bring the bill before the House for
consideration?
The SPEAKER. The motion is to suspend
the rules and pass the bill.
Mr. HOLM AN. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the
House will not adjourn. I wish to move that
the House go into Committee of the Wholeon
the sundry civil appropriation bill.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 29, noes 92.
Mr. STEVENSON". I demand tellers.
On ordeiing tellers, there were—ayes eleven.
So (one fifth of a quorum not having voted
in the affirmative) tellers were not ordered.
Mr. HOL.V1AN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on this proposition. A bill like this
should not be passed in this way, with scarcely
a quorum present.
On ordering the yeas and nays, there were—
ayes 12. noes UO.
Mr. HOLMAN. A quorum has not voted.
The SPEAK BR. It does not require a
quorum to order or refuse the yeas and nays.
Mr. HOLMAN. But it requires a quorum
to pass a bill.
The SPEAKER. The presence of a quorum
will be tested when the question is on passing
the bill.
So (one filth of those present not having
voted in the affirmative) the yeas and nays were
not ordered.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move that the House
take a recess until half past seven o'clock this
evening.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot enter-
tain that motion pending the motion to sus-
pend the rules. The bill will be reported by
the Clerk.
The bill was read. It provides that the title
to the lands in the State of Iowa heretofore
approved and certified by the Department of
the Interior for railroad purposes, to aid in
the construction of a railroad from the city of
Davenport, via Iowa City, to Council Bluffs,
under the several grants made by Congress,
according to the adjustments thereof made at
the General Land Office, be confirmed to the
Mississippi and Missouti liailroad Company
and the Chicago, Itock Island, and Pacific
Railroad Company, and their assigns, they
being the corporations to whom said lands
were certified; provided that the act shall be
eons rued as conveying only any reversionary
or oilier interest which the United States may
have in said lands, and all lands settled upon
in good faith and now occupied by homestead
or preemption settlers, shall be excluded from
the operations of the act.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope discussion will be
allowed on this bill.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be under a
motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill.
Mr. COX. Does this bill make any land
grant ?
Mr. KETCHAM. It does not grant a single
acre of land. It simply confirms the action of
the_ Secretary of the Interior. The bill is
eminently just and proper.
Mr. STEVENSON. There is a great differ-
ence of o inion in regard to that.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. The bill
takes $1,000,000 worth of public lands from
the citizens of Iowa, and grants them to a
road that, has been built and running for three
years, and which has not the vestige of a title
to them.
Mr. HOLMAN, I hope the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Ketcham] will allow some
reasonable amount of discussion upon this
bill. It gives one hundred and sixty thousand
acres of these lands in Iowa to this railroad
company, to which they do not belong, and
never did, and is in violation of the rights of
actual settlers.
The question being taken on suspending
the rules, there were—ayes 68, noes 58.
Mr. STEVENSON demanded tellers.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays. I wish gentlemen to record their votes
on this proposition, thus to give away one
hundred and sixty thousand acres of these
laads.
Mr. KETCHAM. I withdraw the motion.
INDIRECT ALABAMA CLAIMS.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent to have the resolution
which I send to the Clerk's desk considered
now.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Whereas the House is informed by te'egraph that
at a meeting of the Exeter Chamber of Commerce,
Sir'Stafford Northcote, who presided, in a speech
stated that "the understanding of the British com-
missioners was that a promise had been given that
the claim for indirect damages should not be pre-
sented; but it was necessary that the Amencan
Senate should not be placed in a position requiring
a confession that wrong had been done;" which
statement, by a leading member of the joint high
commission on the part of Great Britain, deeply
concerns the good faith and integrity of the Ameri-
can commissioners and of the Government aa well
as the honor of the nation: Therefore:
Beit resolved, That the President of the United
Sta.tes is hereby requested, if not detrimental to the
public interests, to inform the House whether the
Executive has any knowledge of any promise being
made by any official person that claims for indirect
damages shall not be presented to the tribunal ot ar-
bitration: and if so, by whom such promise was made
or understandinggiven, find if any and what arrange-
ment was ma de with t he British commissioners or tho
British Grovernment by which the American Sonato
should not be placed in a position requiring a con-
fession that wrong had been done; or whether any
arrangement whatever has been made with the Gov-
ernraentot GreatBritain, or with any official thereof,
by which the action of the American Senate was to
be controlled or influencedin this behalf; and if so,
by whom, and when, and by what authority, such
arrangement was made.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope that
resolution will not be considered now.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Do you
object?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to
move that the rules be suspended and the
House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the sUtte of the Union.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Do you
object to the resolution?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object to con-
sidering it now.
Mr. LYNCH. I object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
move a suspension of the ru'es to bring the
resolution before the House for consideration
now.
Mr. COX. The honor of the country is
involved in this resolution. If there has been
a dishonorable humiliation let us know the
worst, and who is responsible. .
Mr. BANKS. I hope my colleague will let
the resolution be referred to the Committee
on Foreign Affairs. It ought to be changed
in its phraseology before it is agreed to.
The question was put on the motion to sus-
pend the rules ; and there were—ayes 81,
noes 46.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there werp—
yeas 109, nays 73, not votiug 57 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Archer, Arthur,
Baruum, Barry, Beatty, Beck, Bell, Bigby. Bird,
Austin Blair, James <i. Blair. Bcaxton, Bright,
Buckley, liuffinton, Benjamin F. Builer, Roderick
R. Butler, Caldwell, Campbell, Carroll, Clarke,
Cobb, Comingo, Conner, Cox, Crebs, Cropland, Box,
Duke, Ely, Farwell, Forker, Jlcnry D. Foster, Gar-
rett, Getz, Giddmgs, Goliaday. Griffith, Haldemarj,
llandley, Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris, Ilay,
Herndon, Hibbard, Hulrnan, Kendall, King, L;tim-
son. Leach, Lewis, Manson. Marshall, McClelland,
McCormick. McHenry, McKee, MoNoely, Merrick,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Morgau, Morphia,
