966
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania 
Mr. CAMERON. I am desirous of having
an executive session; but if I was satisfied
that the Senate would take the vote on the
bill of the Senator from Illinois, of course I
would give way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we can soon get
a vote.
Mr. LOGAN. I want to appeal to the Senator
to take the vote on this measure and decide it.
It has been hanging here for weeks. It is very
important that it should be decided one way or
the other. I do not like to have it postponed
this way every day by having some other order
called. It is well known that if the bill of the
Senator from New York comes up, it is a very
important bill, and will be under discussion
for days, and I shall not get a vote on the
Chicago bill. I do not think that is the best
way to treat a bill. I would be very glad if
the Senate would take a vote and decide it.
I think it nothing but right and just that it
should be decided. I hope the Senator from
Pennsylvania will withdraw his motion, and
that the Senate will be permitted to vote.
Mr. CAMERON. You understand the rules
better, Mr. President, than I do. If there was
a chance to vote I would give way for that; but
I do not want to lose my motion.
Mr. LOGAN. If the Senator will give way
a moment I think we can vote. I do not think
there is any disposition to prevent a vote being
Mr. TRUMBULL. We can get a vote in
thirty minutes.
Mr. CA'MBRON. I cannot wait for thirty
minutes.
Mr. LOGAN. I appeal to the Senator not
to urge his motion now. If the bill of the
Senator from New York comes up, it will
postpone this bill again, and while I do not
complain, it seems to me that it would be an
act of generous kindness if he would allow the
vote to be taken on this bill. I certainly would
do so to any Senator here who felt the same
interest in a bill that I do in this. It has been
postponed a good deal.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania withdraw his motion ?
Mr. CAMERON. I cannot resist.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The customs bill
is before the Senate.
Mr. FENTON. I have no objection that
the customs bill be laid aside informally with
this understanding, that before the Senate
shall adjourn or go into executive session it
shall be called up and be before the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Chair will recognize the right of
the Senator from New York to call it up. The
bill (H. R. No. 555) for the relief of sufferers
by fire at Chicago is before the Senate, and
the question is on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. CAMERON. If it is understood that
there is to be further discussion, I do not with-
draw the motion. .
Mr. LOGAN. The Senator from Michigan
[Mr. Perry] withdraws his claim to speak.
Mr. CAMERON. Very well.
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable friend
from Pennsylvania in his infinite goodness and
spirit of accommodation puts some of us in
rather an awkward position. Speaking of a
measure of a good deal of gravity and import-
ance, the Senator from Illinois having it in
charge, [Mr. Logan,] felt a demand upon him
to deliver to the Senate two forcible and seri-
ous arguments. 1 think it was very well that
he should, because the bill in its immediate
effects, and the bill in the example it sets, is a
very important one, as I ventured to say on
another occasion when it was under consider-
ation, being careful to confine my remarks
wiikin very narrow limits, not 'wishing to stand
for an unnecessary moment in the way of the
action of the Senate. It comes again for our
action, and after hearing the Senator from
Illinois and other Senators, I had said, al-
though the Senator from Pennsylvania doubt-
less did not attend to do it, that I wished to
submit some brief observations to the Senate
on this question. I had before me at the mo-
ment two or three authorities to which I meant
to call the attention of the Senate, but I have
sent them away. I do not want anything to be
done for my accommodation; but I do not
think I am called upon, under the circum-
stances, after the debate which has been had on
this bill, to refrain from making a remark or
two, because, after other Senators have occu-
pied the day, the time has come when, in order
to take a vote now, other Senators must
observe silence or elsg the vote cannot be
taken. That was just as true at two o'clock
and at three o'clock as it is now at a quarter
after four o'clock ; and therefore I hope those
of us who have occupied no time, but who
would like to say a few words, will not be
thought discourteous if we ask that at this
time or some time we may have a brief oppor-
tunity of being heard.
Mr. LOGAN. Does the gentleman desire
to go on to-night ?
Mr. CONK LING. Oh, no sir. As I have
said to the Senate, I do not wish any time
selected for me. Only at some time before I
give my vote upon this bill I shall in as few
words as may be assign my reasons for the
vote I shall give.
Mr. LOGAN. I hope the gentleman will do
it this evening. I have for three weeks given
way every day. I have no right to claim pre-
cedence for this bill over others, as a matter
of course; but it is perfectly apparent to the
Senate that if the bill of the Senatorfrom New
York [Mr. Fentou] is brought forward it will
postpone this bill that I have charge of.
Now, I appeal to the Senate, and especially
to the Senator from New York, [Mr. Conk-
ling.] If he was placed in the same position
on a bill that he had charge of, for the same
length of time, he would feel that it was a very
serious matter to him that persons should inter-
pose themselves as the vote was going to be
taken and put it beyond his control. If he
desires to make any remarks I hope he will be
permitted to make them. There is nothing
so very important about an executive session
that we cannot go on for half an hour and
pass this bill or defeat it. It is not the right
way to defeat a bill to be putting it over all
the time. There are things connected with
this that make it very important; things that
I do not want to say, not that they would be
offensive to anybody if I was to say them, but
there are matters connected with it that make
it more important than the Senator from New
York imagines; not to me, personally, for it
is of no importance to me; but there is an
importance attached to it that perhaps if he
knew the history of he would not feel as he
does. I hope the Senate will allow now all to
be said that is to be said on the bill, and let us
have a vote. I assure them that no matter
what the bill may be or what the occasion may
be, I will never attempt directly or indirectly
to prevent any Senator from getting a vote on
a bill when that is the only opportunity he may
have for a length of time. I appeal to the
Senator from New York now to make his
remarks and let us have a vote on this bill.
Mr. CONKLING. I hardly know why my
friend appeals to me, for two reasons. In the
first place, I have never stood in his way for
one moment. In the next place he appeals
to me to make my speech now. I have said
over and over again that the Senator from
Pennsylvania either should have made his
motion or withdrawn it. I do not think he
ought to put Senators in the position 1 am
placed in now by the question of the Senator
from Illinois. Yet I want nothing done for
my convenience. 1 only say that before the
vote is taken I want to assign my reasons for
the vote I shall give.
Now, I will say one word to my friend from
Illinois in good nature, if he will allow it.
He will never appeal in vain to me on any
question of kindness; but he must remember
that he has occupied of the time to-day, cer-
tainly not less than an hour, although he has
spoken upon this bill repeatedly before, and
therefore, when he suspects those of us who
have occupied no time at all with a disposition
to delay, it seems to me that he does injustice
to the motives of others. I have not stood in
the way of his bill at all, and had he wanted
a vote upon it to-day, I must say to him—not
by way of criticism but in answer to his sug-
gestion—that the better way would have been
for the friends of the bill not to occupy time
m its discussion, their views having been fully
presented before. That having been done, I
do not see why the Senator should appeal to
those who have occupied no time to refrain
from putting difficulties in his way because
they want to be heard.
Mr. LOGAN. 1 had not impugned the
motives of the Senator from New York, and
his remarks about what I should have done
do seem to be a little unkind.
Mr. CONKLING. I have said nothing
about what the Senator should have done.
Mr. LOGAN. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Carpenter] made a speech, and the
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Feiiry] made a
long speech. I replied to them, which it was
certainly my duty to do, having charge of the
bill. Then the Senator from Michigan to my
left [Mr. Chandler] made a speech. The
Senator from Michigan to my right made a
speech again. The Senator from Wisconsin
made another speech, and I replied. What
else could I have done? I have noticed the
demeanor of the gentleman from New York.
It is always kind and courteous toward every-
body ; but, so far as making speeches is con-
cerned, I have never known him, having charge
of any measure here, to fail to reply to anything
that was said in reference to it, and he ought
not to have criticised other gentlemen for do-
ing the same thing. I have done nothing more
than what the Senator himself would have done.
There have been twice as many speeches made
against this bill as for it. All that were made
for it my colleague and myself have made,
except the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Cameron,] and there have been numerous
speeches made against it, several by the same
gentlemen, more than I have made. I do not
think that is a fair way to criticise a person
who has charge of a bill.
Mr. CONKLING. If my friend will let me
interrupt him now, it will be the last time. In
order that I may not criticise the Senator I
wish to withdraw what I have said about this,
and to assure the Senator that I will not ven-
ture to make any suggestion to him again.
If I am so unfortunate as to convey to him the
idea that I intended to criticise him in what I
have said the only safety for me is peace, and
therefore I say to him, "Let us have peace."
Mr. LOGAN. The Senator is perfectly
safe. These sharp allusions are sometimes
unfortunate; but somehow or other these
remarks are made toward me in a friendly
spirit, as a matter of course, but at the same
time putting me in a position that I am not
entitled to occupy in reference to this or any
other bill. I disturb the Senate, as far as talk-
ing is concerned, about as little as the Senator
from New York, and I desire to act courte-
ously toward everybody. I have appealed to
the Senate to let this bill come to a vote.
That is_ all. I have proposed at least half a
dozen times to take the vote without a word
of discussion. I proposed that on Friday
night when we adjourned; but the Senator
from Wisconsin objected because he wanted
to make a speech ; and I proposed this morn-
ing when I called up the bill to take the vota
without discussion, but the Senator from Wis-
consin wanted to make a speech.
Speech after speech has been made, when
I have proposed to take the vote without any
discussion whatever, and then when the dis-
