1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
71
nnder the instructions of this resolution, he
intends to include the investigation of which I
have been so impatient?
Mr. DAWES. I do not, because yesterday
the Committee on Expenditures in the Treas-
ury Department were instructed to make that
investigation. For that reason the Treasury
Department is not included in my resolution.
All the committees upon expenditures in the
other Departments are included in this De-
partment.
Mr. COX. I would like to ask my friend
whether his Committee of Ways and Means
will report back my resolution to the House
for action ?
Mr. DAWES. I will say to the gentleman
that the transactions of the Committee of
Ways and Means I am not at liberty to detail
to the House, except in the form of reports
from that committee. I will assure the gen-
tleman, however, that if he will but possess
his soul in patience he will be entirely satisfied
by the report from that committee on the sub-
ject of the syndicate.
Mr. COX. Well, I will endeavor to be
patient.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CODIFICATION OF POSTAL LAWS.
Mr. FAENSWORTH. I call for the regu-
lar order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business being demanded, the morning hour
commences at twelve o'clock and fifty min-
utes p. m., and the House resumes the con-
sideration of the bill (H. R. No. 1) to revise,
consolidate, and amend the statutes relating
to the Post Office Department, reported on
Tuesday last from the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads, the pending question
being upon ordering the bill to be engrossed
and read a third time.
The Clerk resumed and concluded the read-
ing of the bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, this
bill is, in substance, merely a codification of
the postal laws. There are a few amendments
of existing laws, making them harmonious and
intelligible, repealing enactments which have
become obsolete, reconciling conflicting stat-
utes, and the like. This bill has already been
passed by the House several times. There are
still several sections the phraseology of which
ought to be amended; but I prefer to send the
bill in its present form to the Senate, where
the committee of that body may make any
necessary corrections, rather than to enter
upon amendments now in this House. I do not
think any material amendments are required.
We shall, of course, supplement this bill
with such bills as may be necessary to amend
the postal laws in anyparticulars not embraced
in this bill, acting upon and reporting for or
against every bill that may be sent to the Post
Office Committee by any member ofthe House,
and considering every petition that may be re-
ferred to us. But I would feel obliged to mem-
bers of the House if they would allow this bill
now to be passed in its present shape and sent
to the Senate, that it may be acted upon there
early, so that the Department may have the
benefit of it as soon as possible. Unless some
gentleman has some suggestion to submit, I
will ask the previous question.
Mr. MAYNARD. There is one subject to
which I would call the gentleman's attention,
and which it seems to me might as well be
passed upon at this time as at any other. In
the fourth section of. the bill, fixing salaries,
the salaries of the Assistant Postmasters Gen-
eral are placed at $3,500, in accordance with
the present law. I need not say to the chair-
man of the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads that these officers perform very
important service. They are not merely as-
sistants of the Postmaster General, they are
heads of separate and distinct branches of the
service. The First Assistant Postmaster Gen-
eral has charge of all the personnel of the Post
Office Department throughout the country.
The Second Assistant has charge of all the
contracts for carrying the mails ; and his duties
are of a very high administrative character.
Yet we pay these officers under the present
law, and it is proposed to pay them by this
bill, less than we pay third-class postmasters
in many of the offices of the country. For this
service we ought to have talents of an order
second only to those required in the officer at
the head of the Department. In the Treasury
Department we pay the First Comptroller
$5,000, and the Comptroller of the Currency
receives the same amount. Now, I submit to
the chairman of the committee who has charge
of this bill whether the salaries of the Assist-
ant Postmasters General ought not to be raised
to at least the same amount; whether he will
not consent that such a proposition may be
submitted aud the sense of the House taken
upon the question; and whether, if he cannot
give the proposition the sanction of his com-
mittee, who may not have considered it, he
may not give it the sanction of his personal
influence?
Mr. FARNSWOR.TH. Mr. Speaker, it may
be, and very likely it is true that the salaries
of the officers referred to should be increased ;
but I do not think it best to enter upon that
subject in this bill. That question has not
been considered by the committee, nor is it
desired by the Department that we shall make
such amendments in this bill. When we enter
upon the subject of regulating or increasing
the salaries of Department or bureau chiefs
we shall have to go through every Department.
There are in the Treasury Department as well
as in the Interior Department heads of sev-
eral bureaus whose salaries ought perhaps to
be increased. I would rather not entertain an
amendment upon that subject to this bill, for
in doing so we would immediately enter upon
a boundless sea of discussion.
Mr. MAYNARD. Can the gentleman give
any intimation whether the subject is likely to
receive the attention of his committee?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As a committee
upon the civil service has now been provided
for by the rules, I would prefer that the mat-
ter should be sent to that committee.
Mr. MAYNARD. I do not think that the
Committee on the Civil Service has anything
to do with salaries.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Oh, undoubtedly it
has. However, any bill referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads on
that subject will receive due attention and
report.
Mr. PETERS. Why not abolish the frank-
ing privilege just about this time?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask the previous
question on the bill.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to address an in-
quiry to the chairman of the committee before
the previous question is asked on this bill.
Under the existing postal laws, which I under-
stand to be repealed or modified by this bill,
it is permissible to transmit bullion through
the mails in packages of four pounds, or about
one thousand dollars. I am informed that it
is apprehended the effect of this codification
will be to repeal that privilege. Such repeal
would be certainly in the interest of the ex-
press companies, but not in the interest of the
people or of business. I have looked at the
bill, and have not been able to satisfy myself
whether that would be its effect. Therefore I
address an inquiry in that regard to the chair-
man.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I understand this
bill makes no change in that regard at all. It
provides for the transmission of specimens of
ores, and things of that kind, at different post-
ages than what they have been obliged to pay
before. I do not understand this bill makes
any change in regard to the transmission of
bullion packages of four pounds each.
Mr. POTTER. I am to understand, then,
that this transmission of samples is in addition
to the present law ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is my under-
standing.
Mr. McCRARY. It is evident there is no
disposition on the part of the House to enter
on any general amendment of this bill. I
hope there will be no amendment in any mate-
rial particular ; in such a codification there
should not be; but there is one slight amend-
ment which I think ought to be made, and
which will, I think, commend itself to the
House, and meet with the approval of the
chairman of the committee. The purpose of
it is, Mr. Speaker, to do justice to a class of
small money-order offices in the matter of
compensation. These are such offices as are
situated at places where there is no safe place
of deposit for money-order funds, and in such
offices the order of the Postmaster General
requires the postmaster shall deposit his funds
when collected at some other post office.
The consequence is that these postmasters
get nothing for the collection of these funds
and for their transmission to the neighboring
offices, their pay being limited to the orders
which ai~e paid by them. These small offices
are very few. When they receive money they
are required to transmit it to neighboring
offices for deposit. They have to keep an
account of every money order, its description,
number, and all that, and are put to much
more trouble than if they were allowed to re-
tain the funds and pay them. I propose to
add a proviso to section one hundred and
twenty-four. Section one hundred and twenty-
four is as follows:
Sec. 124. That postmasters at money-order offices
may be allowed, a,s compensation for issuing and
paying money-orders, not exceeding one third of
the whole amount of foes collected on orders issued,
and one fourth ofono per cent, on the gross amount
of orders paid at their respective offices: Provided,
Such compensation, together with the postmaster's
salary, shall not exceed $4,000 per annum.
My amendment is to add the following;
And provided further, That the postmaster at any
money-order office, who may be required to deposit
with another postmaster any money-order funds by
him collected, shall receive upon sums so deposited
the same commissions as upon sums paid out upon
money orders.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would rather not
yield to have that amendment offered. I think
that the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. McCrary]
is correct in the view he takes, and that that
amendment should be made to the laws ; but
I would rather let the bill now before the House
go as it stands, and we can take up that matter
when we make some other amendments in re-
gard to the portion of the law having reference
to money orders.
Mr. McCRARY. I still think the gentleman
should yield to have the amendment offered.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Iamnot certain what
the effect of the amendment might be on large
offices. Perhaps sometimes the office at Phila-
delphia might find it necessary to deposit some
of its*money-order funds in the office at New
York.
Mr. McCRARY. I think not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have not had an
opportunity of considering the effect of it, nor
have the committee. Therefore, I decline to
admit it, and demand the previous question on
the engrossment and third reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
man question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed : and also
moved that the motion to reconsider lie laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
