1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8655
Niblack. Hosea W. Parker, Pendleton, Perce,
Poland, Putter, Price, Raiuey, Randall, Head,
Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, William II. Roberts,
Rogers. Seeley, Sessions, Sheldon, Sherwood, Shoe-
maker, Suapp, 11. Milton Speer, Thomas J. Speer,
Stevens, Stevenson; Storm, Sutherland, Swann,
T.iffe. Terry. Tut hill, Van Trumn, Vuughnn, Wad-
dell, Wallace. Warren. Weils. Wheeler. Whiteley,
Wbitthorne, Winchester, Wood, and Young—109.
NAYS—^Messrs..Ambler, Averill, Banks, Barber,
Bingham, Burcha'rd, Burdett, Coburn, Co^blan,
Cong r, Cotton. Donnan, Duel]. Dnnnell, Eames,
finkelnburg, Charles Foster, Wilder I). Foster,
Fiye, Garfield, ll.ile, Ilalsey, II iriner. George E.
Harris. Havens, llawley, Ilays, Gerry W. Hazelton,
Hill. Hoar, Kelley, Kellogg. Ketchain. Killinger,
Lamport, Lansiug, Lowe. Lynch, McGrew, Mcln-
tyre, Mcjunkin, Mercur, Merriam. Leonard Myers,
Orr. Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker,
Peck. Peters, Ellis H. Roberts, Rusk, Sargent,
Sawyer, Shanks, Slater, II. Boardinan Smith, John
A. Smith, Spr.igue, Stoughton, Stowell. Strong,
Turner. Tyner. Unson, Wake man, Walden, Waldrou,
Walls, Willnrd, Williams of Indiana, and Williams
of New York—73.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Beveridge. Biggs,
Boles, Brooks. Oreely, Critcher. Crocker, Darrail,
I>avis, Dawes, DeLarge, Dickey, DuBose, Eldredge,
Elliott. Farn^worth. Goodrich, Ilambleton, Han-
cock. John W. Hazelton, Hereford. Hooper, Hough-
ton, Kerr, Kmsella. Mnynard, McCrary, McKinney,
Monroe, Mooie, Morey, Negley, Aaron F. Perry,
Eli Perry, Piatt, Porter, Prindle, Ritchie, Robin-
son, Roosevelt, Scofield, Shellabarger, Shober, Slo-
cum, Sloss, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, Stark-
weather. St.. John, Sypber. Thomas, Dwight Town-
send, Washington iownsend. Tvvichell, Voorhees,
Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—57.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
that the resolution be referred to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no ob-
jection
Mr. PETERS. Not to be brought back by
amotion to reconsider.
Mr. HA LE. Let that point be settled now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts asks that the resolution be re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. PETERS. 1 object.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is too
late.
The SPEAKER. It is too late for objec-
tion to the rel'eieoce. The Chair, however,
was for a time under a mistake. It could not
be reconsidered. Anything offered on the
floor for reference cannot be brought back by a
motion to reconsider under the amended rule.
SWAMP LANDS IN OREGON.
Mr. SLATER. I ask unanimous consent,
to report from the Committee on the Public
Lands, for consideration at this time, House
bill No. 7ot>, extending the time for the selec-
tion of swamp and overflowed lands in Oregon,
under act of Congress approved March 12,
18SO.
The creamble of the bill states that by act
of Congiess entitled "An act to extend the
provisions of an act to enable the State of
Aikansas and other States to reclaim the
swamp lands within their limits to Minnesota
and Oregon, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March 12, 1860, it was provided that
the selection .to be made from the lands
already surveyed in each of the States, includ-
ing Minnesota and Oregon, under authority
of the act aforesaid, and of the act to aid the
State of Louisiana in draining the swamp
lands therein, approved March 2, 1849, shall
be made within two years from the adjourn-
ment of the Legislature of each State at its
next session alter the date of the act; and
that the period of two years elapsed without
any selection of the lands being made on the
part o) the State of Oregon. The bill accord-
ingly allows the State of Oregon two years
fiom the date of the passage of the act in
which to tnake selections of swamp and over-
flowed lat.ds within her borders, in the same
manner and with like effectas if the limit of two
years had not expired; provided that the act
shall not be so construed as to affect any
valid settlement on, or legal claim to, any of
the lands existing under any act of Congress
at the passage of the act.
Mr. SARGENT. I object to a considera-
tion of this bill at this lime; I think it is a
very dangerous bill.
Mr. SLATER. I move that the rules be
suspended, and this bill passed.
The question was taken; and upon a division
there were—ayes 70, noes 71; not two thirds
voting in the affirmative.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. SLATER called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I cannot yield
for the yeas and nays.
So the motion to suspend the rules was not
agreed to.
LANDS GUANTED TO FLORIDA.
Mr. WALLS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and adopted:
Revolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
instructed to furnish the House of Representatives
a 1 idt of the lands patented to or conveyed in any
manner to the State of Florida for educational or
school purposes under or by virtue of an act of
Congress, approved JIaich3, 1845, or any other laws
bearing upon the same general subject.
JliWS IN ROUMANIA..
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, submitted
the following restitution; which was read, con-
sidered, and adopted :
Resolved. That the President of the United States
be respectfully requested to join with the Italian
Government, in its protest againstthe intolerant and
cruel treatment of the Jews of lloumania.
PRACTICE IN FEDERAL COOltTS.
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to make a priv-
ileged report from a. committee of conference,
which 1 send to the Clerk's desk to be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses "on the Senate bill No. 468,
to regulate practice in the Federal courts, after a
full and free conference, have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend to their respective Houses, as
follows:
That the House of Representatives do recede
from their amendment? to said bill, and do agree to
said bill, with the following amendment, to wit:
strike outall alter the word " ouster." and insert in
lieu of the words stricken out the following : "and
thereupon a trial may be ordered at the same term,
or a continuance may be ordered, as justice may
require;" and thff Senate agree to the sani".
JOIIN A. BINGHAM,
GEORGE F. HOAR.
R. MILTON sPEBR,
Manager* on the part oj the House.
A.G THCJRJf AN.
ROSCOE OONKLING,
1\ T. FRELING11UYSEN,
Managers on the purt of the Senate.
Mr. ELDKEDGE. I desire to ask the
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary
what is the effect of the amendment proposed
by this report?
Mr. BINGHAM. It is to leave the bill
precisely as the House passed it in law and in
fact. It leaves the court in the full exercise
of its discretion to allow a continuance or to
disallow it at the terra when the judgment is
rendered on demurrer.
Mr. ELDREDGE. As I understand it from
the hasty reading of the report by the Clerk,
it allows the court, when a motion is made for
a new trial, to continue a case without hearing
a motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. The effect of the amend-
ment is simply this, as the genileman will see
from reading it: to put into words what, was
necessarily implied by the action of the House.
We struck out the proviso attached to the
Senate bill, which by intendment meant one
of two tilings, either that the court should not
allow a continuance at all, from day to day,
during the term at which the judgment was
rendered, or that they should allow a continu-
ance not beyond the next term thereafter.
The House, on the recommendation and ad-
vice of the committee of conference, struck
out that proviso. The Senate thought it neces-
sary to insert this in lieu of the proviso, and
we considered that it expresses substantially
what was the judgment of the House :
And thereupon a trial may be ordered at the same
term, or a continuance may be ordered, as justice
may require.
In other words, it asserts in form and in faot
the discretionary power of the court, which we
sought to preserve originally by striking out
the proviso.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Are we
to understand that the bill either increases or
diminishes the power of the court in this
respect?
Mr. BINGHAM. Not'at all.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. So I
supposed.
Mr. BINGHAM. On the contrary, we
merely put in words what were necessarily
implied by our own former action.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Those were the words
that led me to make the inquiry. I understand
such to be the law now, without any further
enactment.
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly it is.
The report was adopted.
Mr. BiNGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EVENING SESSION.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent
thatwhenever this morning's session inayterm-
inate it shall be for the purpose of meeting
again at half past seven o'clock this evening,
a session having already been ordered at that
time for business of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs. I hope no objfetion will be made.
The SPEAKER. If there be no uiijection,
the order will be considered as made by unan-
imous consent. The Chair hears no objection,
and it is so ordered.
MISCELLANEOUS APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise for the
purpose of moving that the rules be suspended
and the House resolve itself into the Com-
mittee of the Whole 011 the sta'e of the Union
for the consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
2705) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of ihe Government, for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1873, and for other purposes.
As a preliminary to that moiion, 1 move to
suspend the rules so that the first reading of
the bill in Committee of the Whole be dis-
pensed with, and that the committee shall at
once proceed to consider the bill by para-
graphs under the five-minutes rule.
The moiion was agreed to, two thirds voting
in favor thereof.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I now move
that, the House resolve itself into the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union for
the purpose of considering the miscellaneous
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
LEAVE TO PRINT.
By unanimous consent Mr. BECK, Mr.
COX, and Mr. CONGER obtained leave to
have printed in jhe Globe remarks upon iha
bill (H. R. No. 2322) to reduce duties on im-
ports, and to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes. [See Appendix.]
Mr. KENDALL obtained leave to have
printed remarks 011 the subject of mines and
mining. [See Appendix.]
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS obtained leave to
print, remarks upon the Alabama claims. [See
Appendix.]
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed the same:
An act (S. No. 105) for the relief of J. Mil-
ton Best;
An act (S. No. 109) for the relief of L. Mer-
chant & Co. ;
An act, (S. No. 327) to establish the collec-
tion district of Dulnth, and to create St. Paul,
in the collection district of Minnesota, a port
of delivery;
