1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
referred the bill (S. No. 213) authorizing the
Postmaster General to continue in use in the
postal service of the United States a machine
for post-marking and for the cancellation of
postage stamps, and to make settlement with
the inventor, patentee, and assignee thereof,
for the past and future use of the same by the
Post Office Department, reported it with an
amendment.
REVENUE BILLS.
Mr. ANTHONY. TheOommittee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
the report of the Committee on Privileges and
Elections upon the resolution of the House of
Representatives with reference to the differ-
ence between the two Houses in regard to
revenue bills, have instructed me to report it
back and ask for its present consideration.
The resolution was read as follows:
Ordered, That three thousand additional copies
be printed of the report of the Committee on Priv-
ileges and Election?on the resolution of the House
of Representatives, declaring the amendment of the
Senate to the bill (II. It. No. 1537) to repeal the exist-
ing duties on tea and coffee to be in conflict with the
Constitution.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have not considered
the report of that committee. I think the
usual number ought to be sufficient for the
present.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The usual num-
ber has been ordered to be printed, and now
the Senator from Rhode Island reports back
from the Committee on Printing a resolution
to print extra copies.
Mr. EDMUNDS. • We have not considered
that report, and if the Senate should happen
to differ in opinion from the gentleman who
made the report, as I should not be at all sur-
prised if they did when it came to be discussed,
perhaps it would not be necessary to print so
many.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
objects the resolution will lie over.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, I only make a sug-
gestion.
Mr. ANTHONY. I do not wish to press it
against the wish of any Senator.
Mr. CARPENTER. I understand the Sen-
ator from Vermont not to object.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I only suggest that the
question of printing additional copies of the
report ought to be postponed until we see the
report and know what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If no objection
be made, the resolution reported by the Com-
mittee on Printing is before the Senate, and
the question is on agreeing to it.
The resolution was agreed to.
REFLECTIONS IN HOUSE DEBATES ON SENATORS.
Mr. COLE. I rise to ask the indulgence of
the Senate for a few moments on a personal
matter.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Pending the call
of reports of committees, the Senator from
California states that there is a matter of a
personal character which he desires to bring
to the attention of the Senate. It requires
unanimous consent pending the morning busi-
ness.
Mr. TIPTON. I wish to make a report.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in the
nature of an objection if the Senator insists
upon it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, no; do not object
to his making a personal explanation.
Mr. CASSERLY. I have no special claim
on the Senator from Nebraska, but I trust he
will not interpose any objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He has withdrawn it.
Mr. CASSERLY. After my colleague has
spoken, I wish to say a very few words of a
personal nature myself.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California farthest from the Chair [Mr.
Casserly] desires to follow his colleague in
this matter. The Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Howe] had the remainder of the morn-
ing hour assigned to him by unanimous con-
sent for the consideration of a bridge bill, but
that is superseded now by unanimous consent
given for a personal explanation, and the Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Cole] will proceed.
Mr. COLE. I shall arrest the business of
the Senate only a few moments, and for the
briefest time I can possibly confine myself to
in order to notice the matter which I am about
to bring to the attention of the Senate.
In the Globe of yesterday, to which my atten-
tion wascalled late last night, and to which my
attention was not directed prior to the adjourn-
ment yesterday, I find some remarks which I
ask the Clerk to read. It is proper I should
state that the matter upon which these remarks
were made was the so-called Goat Island bill,
a proposition to lease or grant a portion of
that island to the Central Pacific railroad.
The Chief Clex-k read as follows:
"Mr. Saroent. But I am fully prepared to show
that the bill, as it existed before these modifications,
had the approval" 
Mr. HAMLIN. I object to reading any
remarks of a member of the House here in
this body.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Senator from Maine
objects. The Chair does not understand the
objection.
Mr. HAMLIN. I object to reading the
remarks of any member of the House in this
body, as out of order.
Mr. TIIURMAN. It has not been stated,
as I understand, that those are the remarks
of any member of the House or were made in
the House.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, yes, I beg the Sen-
ator's pardon; the Senator from California
sends up the Globe and says the remarks were
made on a bill which he named.
Mr. THURMAN. I did not so understand it.
Mr. COLE. 1 am not sufficiently conversant
with the rules of the Senate to know whether
this is objectionable.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
can take the remarks and read them himself
and make any remarks he pleases.
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator will allow
me. I interpose this objection surely in no
unfriendly spirit, but 1 do think that there
should be no controversy between members
of the House and members of the Senate. I
think we nave had enough of that. I think
the whole thing should be suppressed by the
Senate. That is my idea of it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is certainly contrary
to parliamentary law.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I deprecate
as much as the Senator from Maine can these
controversies between the two Houses: but
the Senator from California clearly has the
right, which is constantly practiced, of reading
remarks that have been made "in some other
place." I believe that is the parliamentary
language that is used on such occasions.
Mr. COLE. I will wait for the ruling of
the Chair.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Undoubt-
edly the parliamentary rule does not allow
the proceedings of one House to be referred
to in the other, unless they have been offi-
cially communicated. The law laid down is:
" They are therefore
That is, the members of either House—
"not to take notice of any bills or other matters
depending, or of votes that have been given, or of
speeches which have been 'held by the members of
either of the other branches of the Legislature, until
the same have been communicated to them in the
usual parliamentary manner."
In regard to this particular matter the Chair
will submit the question to the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. A personal explanation
is always a mutter that is made by unanimous
consent. It is not a proceeding in the course
of debate such as is referred to by the parlia-
meniary rule. When a bill is pending, it is
not in order, according to parliamentary law,
to refer to the debates or proceedings of tbe
other House; but this is a matter by unani-
mous consent, and I have never heard a Senator
denied the right to correct any misstatemeat
that may have been made in the other House.
It is really a great hardship if a statement
should be made in the other House involving
a man's character in any way and he has not
the right to reply to it in another place where
he is at liberty to speak. I do not know what
^the charge is nere ; but the Senator seems to
think it involves his personal character, if -so,
certainly he ought to have the right in his
place to reply to a personal charge made
against him in the other House.
Mr. THURMAN. I think if the reason
which is giveu in the Manual for that rule is
looked into, it will be found that it is not ap-
plicable to this case at all. The reason given
for it is that neither body ought to be influenced
by what is said in the other body; that is, our
votes ought not to be influenced. That has
no application to the case of a personal assault,
upon a member of one body made in the other
body. If there was a personal assault made
there, it was undoubtedly out of order to allow
it, and the House ought to have stopped it;
but if the House did not stop it, then the charge
goes forth.
I know nothing of what is going to be read;
I do not know what the charge is; I have no
idea what it is; but I deny that a member of
the House can get up and be permitted by the
House to make an accusation against a Sen-
ator and the Senator's mouth be closed. Sup-
pose he were to make a direct charge which
if true would devolve upon the Senate the
duty of expelling a Senator, could not that
Senator get up here and have that charge read,
and ask tor a committee of investigation?
The matter of a personal explanation stands
upon wholly different grounds from the reasons
which induced the rule that has been read by
the Chair. The reason of that rule is, as I
stated before, that our judgment is not to be
influenced by what is said in tbe House upon
measures that are pending here. But when an
accusation is made against a member of this
body in the other House, and the member who
makes it is not stopped, is not prevented from
making that accusation—and I grant he ought
to be stopped—it would be very strange in-
deed if the Senator could not be allowed to
call the attention of the Senate to it. Who
knows but that he may want a committee of
investigation ?
Mr. HAMLIN. If the Senator will allow
me, when I interposed the objection I did it
for a general reason; but there is a particular
personal reason which did not occur to me at
the time when I made it which leads me to
withdraw my objection.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I renew it, as there is no
personal reason with me, as my friend from
California knows.
I felt, I confess, a very considerable humil-
iation as one Senator when not long siuce we
allowed a Senator who is not now in his place,
and on account of his physical condition prob-
ably, to reply to a similar attack made in the
House of Representatives. I believe the most
of us thought we had, out of our peculiar sym-
pathy in that particular case, gone beyond the
proprieties of this body ; and 1 remember that,
for one, I promised myself I would never do it
again.
The principle of parliamentary law is not
precisely as my friend from Ohio has stated
it. He has stated it correctly as far as he
has gone; but there is another and quite as
important a part of that proposition, as I
understand parliamentary law, which he did
not mention, aiid that is, that reflections by
members of either House upon the conduct of
members of the other lead to a state of hos-
tility of feeling in both branches, each toward
the other, for the reason that all the members
of each body are supposed to, and they generally
do, sympathize with any position that one of
their own body may .take toward tbe other.
Therefore, I take it to be plainly laid down
