3656
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
An act (S. No. 518) for the relief of Wil-
liam Nixon, of West Virginia; ,
An act (S. No. 554) for the relief of James
F. Joy;
An act (S. No. 674) for the relief of Wil-
liam Blanchard;
An act (S. No. 895) for the relief of Milo
Pratt;
An act (H. R. No. 1X91) making appropri-
ations for the naval service for the year ending
June 30, 1873, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 1323) making appropri-
ations for the consular and diplomatic service
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1873, and for other purposes;
An act (H. R. No. 1551) for the relief of S.
B. Mitchell, George W. Mitchell, John W.
Mitchell, and William Webster;
An act (H. R. No. 1661) making appropria-
ations for the support of the Military Academy
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1873 ;
An act (H. R. No. 2402) granting a pen-
sion to Martha A. Brooks; and
An act (H. R. No. 2404) granting a pension
to Elizabeth O. Neile.
public building at cincinnati.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury in relation to a
site for the erection of a public building at
Cincinnati, Ohio; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed. „
navigation and customs laws
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting the draft of a bill to amend and con-
solidate the navigation and customs collection
laws of the United Slates; whicji was referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and ordered
to be printed.
surveyor general of new mexico.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
gent, laid before the House a letter from the
acting Secretary of the Interior, in compli-
ance with the act of July 22, 1854, transmit-
ting the report of the surveyor general of New
Mexico on private land claims in said Terri-
tory, numbered sixty-one; which was referred
to the Committee on Private Laud Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
tiiomas ck tutt and company.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the Ilouse a letter from the
Secretary of War iu relation to the claim of
Thomas E. Tutt & Co. for goods furnished by
Smith & Vernon to the officers and men of the
Osage regiment of Missouri volunteers; which
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
EDGARTON HARliOR, MASSACHUSETTS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary <j( War, in answer to a resolution of
April 5, 1872, in relation to the improvement
of Edgartou harbor, Massachusetts; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
contested-election cask.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House additional papers
in the contested election-case of Bowen vs.
De Large, from the second district of South
Carolina; which were referred to' the Commit-
tee of jilectious.
william marvin, of florida.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Interior, transmitting papers
in refe-jioe to the private land claim of Wil-
liam Marv,|n, of Florida ; which was referred
to the Committee on Private Land Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
lance sergeant john e. williams.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the petition
of Lance Sergeant John R. Williams, general
service, United States Army, for reimburse-
ment of clothing destroyed during the great
fire at Chicago; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
captain alonzo j. marks.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the proposed
act restoring Alonzo J. Marks to his rank as
captain in the eleventh regiment Veteran Re-
serve corps ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
lieutenant thomas haslam.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in relation to the muster of Thomas
Haslam as a second lieutenant in company
K, twenty-seventh regiment of Pennsylvania
volunteers ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
james de long and others.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of War, in relation to the case of
James De Long and others, of Kentucky, for
compensation for services rendered during the
late war; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
military barracks, plattsburg, new york.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Sec-
retary of War, in answer to a resolution of the
House of April 15, 1872, in relation to the
military barracks at Plattsburg, New York;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
maria m. dickens and others.
The SPEAKER also, by .unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Committee ot Claims, in relation to the claim
of Maria M. Dickens, Eloise C. Dickens, and
Amelia J. Dickens, of Washington, District of
Columbia; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
remission of fines, penalties, etc.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, transmitting a draft of a
bill to regulate the remission of fines, penalties,
and forfeitures, and the distribution of the
proceeds thereof; which was referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
tennessee river and atlantic ocean.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of War, in relation to the surveys ordered
by Congress with a view to connecting the
waters of the Tennessee river and Atlantic
ocean through Alabama and Georgia; which
was referred to the Committee of Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
leave of absence.
Mr. HANKS, by unanimous consent, was
granted leave of absence for two days.
JOTHAN SEWALL.
On motion of Mr. FARWELL, bv unani-
mous consent, leave was granted for the with-
drawal from the files of the House of the
papers in the case of Jothan Sewall.
miscellaneous appropriation bill.
The House resolved itself into Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wbteeler in the chair,) and proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. R. No. 2705) making appro-
priations for sundry civil expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1873, and for other purposes.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all general debate on the bill is terminated,
and the first reading of the bill has been dis-
pensed with. It will now be read by the Clerk
by paragraphs for amendment.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill by-
paragraphs, and read the following, under the
head of " revenue-cutter service:"
For rations for crews: nine hundred and forty-
two petty officers, seamen, cook3, stewards, boys,
eoal-passers; and firemen, 344,772 rations, at thirty-
four cents, including liquor equivalent, $117,222 48.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to ask the chairman of the Committee on Ap-
propriations what ia the amount of the liquor
equivalent here provided for? The bill pro-
vides for a ration at thirty-four cents including
liquor equivalent.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In making that
provision we follow the law. This has always
been allowed.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I offer
the following amendment:
In line forty-sis, after the word " thirty," strike
out the word "four," and after the word cents"
strike out the words " including liquor equivalent;"
so that it will read :
For rations for crews: nine hundred and forty-two
petty officers, seamen, cooks, stewards, boys, coal-
passers, and firemen, 344,772 rations, at thirty cents,
$117,222 48.
This will have the effect of leaving the
rations in the marine service the same as
the Army rations.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler] will ob-
serve that in striking out the words " liquor
equivalent" he does not strike out any liquor.
When there was a ration of rum or whisky,
it was reckoned at a certain price in money.
When the grog was abolished, in fixing the
rations, an equivalent in money or in some
other form was given to those in the service.
If the gentleman wants to have it in money,
let him put it so. But I presume he does not
want to strike out the amount of money the
crews now receive, which formerly was re-
ceived in liquor.
Mr. MAYNARD. Does not the law fix the
ration?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly it
does, and we follow the estimates and follow
the law. The omission of this would not
strike out liquor at all.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. The dif-
ficulty, I find, is that while soldiers' rations
are commuted at thirty cents, and they really
cost only about twenty cents, the ration in the
revenue-cutter service is commuted at thirty-
four cents.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I suppose that
when the rates were fixed there was consid-
ered to be some good reason for the difference
in the cost of living, and wear and tear of
clothing, &c.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That does
not add anything to the rations. That does
not go into the belly.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The rations have
a good deal to do with the health and general
condition of those who receive them. But if
there is anything wrong in this matter it is in
the law, and not in the appropriation bill or
the estimates. Furthermore, the gentleman
from Massachusetts himself must recognize
the fact that it costs more to live on shipboard
than to live on the shore.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. RANDALL. I renew it for the pur-
pose of asking the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Appropriations a question. I find that
this bill appropriates for the revenue marine
service more than a million dollars. I should
like the gentleman from Ohio to state whether
that is the entire amount of the appropriation
for keeping up this revenue-cutter service;
and if so, I should like him also to inform
the House what proportion it bears to the
