968
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
Now, I say again, not Laving risen to argue
the question, not meaning to argue it, that here
is a very serious question; it is a question that
if resolved erroneously in this case will return
to plague us and many others, and if we are
going to rote relief for Chicago it should be, I
submit, as it should have been in the Portland
case, as it was declared by all those who ex-
pressed an opinion on that subject at the time,
by direct appropriation from the Treasury; by
such an act as was passed when an earthquake
occurred; by such an act as we pass when we
give to the poor of the city of Washington; by
such an act as comes with some great emer-
gency, and which violates no express provision
of the Constitution, but which encounters no
legal difficulty unless it encounters the diffi-
culty of not being provided for expressly by
any provision that we can find in the organic
law.
This mode of doing it I submit hits against
a clear outstanding requirement which tells us
that this way is not the way, and therefore I
should prefer to vote for a bill which directly
gives as generosity, as a gift, by whatever name
it may properly be called, so much money
to be distributed in such wise as may be best
to afford the relief needed by reason of this
calamity; but I am not willing to vote for a bill
which, in my belief, violates the Constitution,
and more particularly so when the object can
be attained in another way.
This is all that I will say, and I would not
have said even so much had my vote not been
on the last occasion recorded in favor of the
bill when I resolved my doubt in its favor,
although I did not see my way very clearly,
which I cannot do again after having waited
in vain for light on the question, and after
having been convinced by my own reflection
that it is more serious than I thought it was
before.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, as my
sympathies are and have been with this bill, I
desire simply to state my reasons for voting
for its reconsideration.
It has been stated by the Senator from Illi-
nois nearest me [Mr. Trdmbull] that whereas
a drawback is given upon salt to all people
engaged in the fisheries throughout the Uni-
ted States, that is a reason why a drawback
should be given to a single city on building
materials.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
toe to interrupt him ?
Mr. CQRBliTT. Not until I make the state-
ment. In order to carry out uniformity there
should be a drawback on these materials in
every city and in every portion of the country
that is now proposed to be relieved, and for
that reason it seems to me that it is not uni-
form, although I am not clear on the state-
ment of the Senator from Illinois but that
the provision- of a drawback even for those
engaged in the fisheries is unconstitutional.
It seems to me that that is a provision perhaps
that may be wrong; but it. certainly embraces
all people engaged in the fisheries. While the
people whom I have the honor to represent in
part are willing to give to the object for which
this bill is proposed, that is, relief to Chicago
in every legitimate and constitutional way, I
do not feel bound myself to vote for a measure
which I may think unconstitutional, or about
which I have a doubt in my own mind whether
it is constitutional or not.
For that reason I shall vote to reconsider this
bill, believing that the example is wrong, and
that it will work perniciously in its results in
the future, and that every city that may have
afire will be coming to Congress for aid by
remitting duties upon imports. Believing this
to be in principle bad, 1 feel bound to vote
for reconsideration.
Mr. CARPENTER. I call for the yeas and
nays on the motion to reconsider.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mi*; MORRILL,.Of Vermont. So many Sen-
ators have expressed to me their opinion that
it was a mistake not to have adopted the
amendment which I offered when the bill was
before the Senate in the first instance, that I
venture to recall that amendment to the mind
of Senators for the purpose of having the bill
reconsidered in order to adopt that amend-
ment, if for no other reason. If we shall pass
this measure now, it certainly will, after this
lengthy discussion, stand as a precedent oh the
Statate-book, and I think a very mischievous
one, in that it embraces so many articles that
there is no knowing Where it begins or where it
leaves off. If the amendment shall be adopted,
it will certainly relieve the bill from a great
many objections, and I should hope that amend-
ment would receive the approbation of both
Senators from. Illinois, because certainly they
do Hot wish to adopt a precedent here to-day
which they cannot stand by to-morrow. That
amendment, instead of leaving it in general
terms, proposes to confine the bill to specific
articles, such as timber, boards, laths, shingles,
- cut nails, iron, steel, brick, lime, cement, glass,
linseed-oil, and white-lead. I merely desire
to Call the attention of the Senate to the
amendment, not for the purpose of retarding
action.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. I gave way
before because 1 was anxious to have the vote
taken; but as the Senate has decided to con-
tinue the discussion and close the inatter to-
night, I feel it fny duty to return to what was
said by the senior Senator from Illinois.
Mr. CARPENTER. Will not my friend
from Michigan give way to a motion to ad-
journ ?
Mr. LOGAN; I hope we shall be allowed to
take the vote.
Mr. FERRY, of Michigan. If the Senator
will indulge me for two or three minutes, that
is all I shall ask. I simply desire to place
the case right. •
The Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull]
stated that the amount of this duty was to go
into the pockets of th« lumbermen. If there
is any point in the afgument of the Senator
from Illinois, it is an argument against the
whole tariff. It is Well known that the lands
in Canada are owned by the Crown, and the
lumbermen have to pay a royalty of forty
cents, while in Michigan and Wisconsin the
lands are held principally by eastern capital-
ists, and their royalty is from three and a half
to four dollars. Our lumbermen, therefore,
go into Chicago and other markets of the Uni-
ted States at that difference of disadvantage.
Instead of the difference going into the pock-
ets of the lumbermen they are compelled to
sell their lumber at just so mueh more in the
markets of Chicago, or by force of that draw-
back are driven to take it from the pockets of
the laborers. Having bad to pay these prices
at the stump and for manufacturing, and freight
to Chicago, whatever of market rate less than
ihis cost comes out of the pockcts of the work-
men. Now, the argument of the Senator from
111 nois is to take money out of the hands of
the Working people, the laborers, of not only
the lumbermen of Chicago but the manufac-
turers of Chicago, for if it applies to lumber
it applies on all other articles. I have just
received by mail a formal protest from Chi-
cago against the passage of this bill, signed by
men representing some of the largest business
firms and associations in that city. It is signed
by E. W. Blatchford & Co.; Atkins & Berger,
Vulcan iron works; Cutler, Savidge & Co.;
Daftiei B. Shipman, white lead works; Heath
& Milligan; J. F. Warren & Co.; the Hydrau-
lic Lead and Oil Company; Wright, Lowther
& Co.; Walker, Onsley & Co., ahd T-. K. llol-
den, Phoenix iron works.
Now. I repeat if there is any point in what
the Senator said it applies to the whole sys-
tem of the tariff; in other words, he would by
this bill overthrow that system which raises
some two hundred and eighty million dollars
for the defrayment of the expenses of the Gov-
ernment, and if there is anything in the argu-
ment which he presents here it is that the tariff
shall be removed and we resort to direct tax-
ation in order to carry on the business of tha
Government.
I repeat it is not just to single Out not only
One interest but twenty-four others that are
named in the catalogue I had read by the Sec-
retary ; it is not just to single them out and
allow others to continue their manufactures
and sell their wares and fabrics while these
manufacturers are compelled to reduce their
prices. All we ask is equality and justice, and
I once more say, whether by tax upon lumber,
whether by an assessment on the population
of Michigan and allowifig her to pay it in her
own way, we will meet our share of either five
hundred thousand, One million, or even of
twenty million dollars, and then the burdea
will not be so great as is proposed by this bill.
It is striking a blow at, it is destroying the in-
terests of, Michigan, it is compelling thetn
while struggling to help themselves to lose
the means by which they can help themselves.
You invite them to the restoration of their
mills, you invite their recuperation by secur-
ing logs to supply their mills, and at the same
time you propose to strike down the market
two dollars less at least than it was last year,
and play into the hands of foreigners.
Senators eannot evade the point of this
argument. It is putting into the hands of
foreigners what you should put in the hands
of your own citizens. If it is taking out of
one pocket and putting into another, the
aggregate wealth of the nation is not disturbed.
While in the other case you are taking out the
amount, whethef it be ten or'twenty millions,
from the Treasury of the United States and
adding to the coffers of Great Britain.
Mr, SCOTT. I am paired on this question
with the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Sciicrz.]
I would vote for the reconsideration, and he
would vote against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 25, nays 23 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Boreman,
Carpenter, Casserly, Chandler, Cole, Oonkling, Cor-
bett, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan, rrelinehuysen,
Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland. Hamil-
ton of Texas, Kelly, Mori ill of Vermont, Morton,
Patterson, Saulsbury, Sherman, Stevenson, and
Stockton—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Caldwell, Cameron, Clay-
ton, Penton, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Kellogg, Lo-
gan, Norwood, Osborn, Pflmerny, Rice. -Robertson.
Bpeneer, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, Vickers, West,
Wilson, and Wright—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cooper, Cragin, Davis of Kentneky, l)avii of
West Virginia, Edmunds, Ferry of Connecticut,
Hamlin, Howe, Johnston, Lewis, Morrill of Maine,
Nye, Pool. Pratt, Ramsey, Sawyer, Sfcburz, Scott,
Sprague, Stewart, Thurman, and W-indom—25.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. CAMERON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr.JFENTON rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York calls up the customs bill in
pursuance to the understanding. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania moves that the Senate
adjourn,
The motion was agreed to ; and (at five
o'clock p. m.) the Senate adjourned.
SOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, February 12, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock in.' Prayer
by Rev. C. A. Store, of Baltimore.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
OKDER G? BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, the
first business in order will bu the call of ihe
States and Territories, beginning with the State
of Maine, for tbfc introduction^!' bills and joint
resolutions-for reference to their Appropriate
committees, and not to be -brought back by
motions to reconsider. Undef this call memo-
rials and resolutions of State aad, territorial
