2760
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
in the parliamentary books, not only that we
are not to be influenced in our public action
aic uuu iivj UC IUJAUOUV^GU iu uui puuiiv atiiiuu
by what takes place in the other House, but
that no member of either House has any right
whatever to comment upon, reply to, or allude
to, in anythiug he may say, what a member of
the other branch has stated, for the reason
that its tendency is, as the parliamentary
writers say—and anybody can see that is ifs
tendency—to produce a general state of feel*
ing and hostility between the two bodies.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator will allow
me to interrupt him one moment, I recognize
the force of what he says, but I put. this ques-
tion to him : suppose a member of the Seuate
were grossly assailed in the House and the
member of the House was not stopped in that
assault, but was allowed to go on ; or take
the converse, that a member of the House was
grossly assailed in (he Senate; would it not be
competent for the House whose member was
thus assailed to take notice of that, and to send
a message to the other House complaining of
it? Has not that been done in the British
Parliament again and again ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Unquestionably, and I
should have stated that very thing in a moment
or two if rny friend had waited. The writers
on this subject, acting upon this principle that
I have stated, which my friend says he acknowl-
edges the force ot, and it is a necessary prin-
ciple to keep up the proper harmony for the
public interests between two branches like the
two Houses of Congress, say that if any mem-
ber of either body is wrongfully assailed in the
other, it. becomes a matter of just complaint
by the body of which the member thus assailed
is one to bring it to the attention of the other
House and to let it redress the wrong that has
been committed.
Mr. IlOWlfi. Will the Senator allow me to
put a question?
Mr. EDMUNDS. ifes, sir.
Mr. HOWE. It is a practical question, and
that is, how the one body can take such a pro-
ceeding as to what has been said in the other
if it is absolutely a violation of parliamentary
aw to refer to what has been said in that
body ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is a question very
easily answered j but my friend cannot be
ignorant of the fact that it is one thing for a
member to carry on a warfare with the mem-
bers of the other House upon his own account,
so to speak, and for every member to do so
upon his own account, producing a constant
turmoil, and it is another thing for the body
that thinks that one of its members has been
assailed contrary to the proprieties of the occa-
sion to introduce the proper resolution for the
action of the body upon the subject and then
submit it to the other. When such a resolution
is introduced, of course it becomes a part of
the very parliamentary matter which we have
  right to try and to proceed upon. It is just
the same question that occurs in public poli-
tics, between every citizen making private war
upon some neighboring nation, instead of
every citizen- being prohibited from making
private war and having private feuds that ho
is carrying on upon his oivn account, but if he
has any wrongs to be redressed, they must be
redressed by the body or community of which
he is a member.
Now, then, as I have not read this at all, if
friend Lm®tp7/8U®cien1toonsequeace to my
nend from California to lead him to suppose
shall'be crtnd f"7 altention at al1 htm, I
shall be glad for one to assist in taking the
first step to put an end to this sort of thing by
thTs b?davrrtf •10'1(priepared and P^emed to
itmavtelhiv810 whatever
h may be—i have not seen it—that such a
statement having been made in the House of
Representatives by oue of its members im-
pugmng the motives or the conduct (as I «
sume it must, or my friend would no pay allv
attention to it,) of one of our own m?mbe«
and remonstrating against the House carrying
on business in that way, and then that being
proposed I shall vote for it with the greatest
pleasure if it appears, as I assume it will, that
the paragraph will bearthat, construction ; and
in the course of considering that when we are
called upon to do something (and we ought
cheerfully and bravely to do it and endeavor
to correct this bad practice that is growing up
and is extending every day by being permit-
ted, of having this private warfare going on,)
my honorable friend then> will have the oppor-
tunity, on the question of adopting such a res-
olution, to declare why he needs it adopted, and
to vindicate himself in a parliamentary way,
and I think the Senator ought to do it.
Mr. COLE. I did not suppose that any-
thing would tempt me to make a personal
explanation, or to ask the privilege of doing
it in the Senate of the United States 
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend will pardon
me a moment. I meant to have read from
Jefferson's Manual, which the Senator from
New York has handed me, this paragraph :
"Neither House can exercise any authority over
a member or officer of the other, but should com-
plain to the House of which ho is, and leave the
punishment to them. Where the complaint is of
words disrespectfully spoken by a member of another
House, it is difficult to obtain punishment, because
of the rules supposed necessary to be observed (as
to the immediate noting down of words) for the
security of members. • Therefore it is the duty of
tho House, and more particularly of the Speaker, to
interfere immediately, and not to permit expres-
sions to go unnoticed which may give a ground of
complaint to tho other House, and introduce pro-
ceedings and mutual accusations between tho two
, ?v-uso,s' which can hardly be terminated without
ditliculty and disorder."
_Mr. COLE. I was about to remark that I
did not suppose anything would induce me to
ask of the Senate the privilege of making a
personal explanation; and I should not°on
this occasion if this were the first instance of
an attack of the kind to which I was about to
refer, but which I am not now at liberty it
seems to refer to by quoting it. It has, how-
ever, occurred before on one or two occasions
that I recollect distinctly; and I do not know
that I should refer to it now if it were not
intended to have its effect upon a measure
which was under consideration at that time in
the House, and which will probably come to
this body. I thought it my duty to the public,
particularly to my constituency, that I should
take some notice of the printed matter which
I had asked the Clerk to read at the desk.
Do I understand the ruling to be that it can
not be allowed ?
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. An-
thony in the chair.) The Chair submits that
question to the Senate.
r ^.r"AN. Before that I wish to say
I think it is right that it should be read, that
we may know whether to move a resolution
or not. It is true, you might embody it in a
resolution and offer the resolution, and then
should hetr!d ; bUt 1 ^ink^is Pr°Perthat it
should be read no w, and then it will be for the
benate to determine whether or not to adont
a resolution upon the subject. I think, thore-
Th PRP.?Q?nrNTat St should be rea<l.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will submit the question to the Senate whether
to proved" Cahfomia shall be allowed
to ?rocIdUMBULL- 1 h°pe h6 wiU be allowed
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hone not
The PRESIDING'OFFICER put the ques-
have it decIared that the aJes appeared to
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question, as I think it^a ques
Uon of great importance. ["NoT' "NnP'l
Yes, I want the Senate to decide fairlv \ri
friend from California knows I do not'make
M7C0LE a"f rUlty 10 him' course?
sense: 1 d° "0t accePfc il ™ that
The yeas and nays were ordered
Mr. CASSERLY. As i f,
•n-s J. am personally j
affected by a portion of the remarks to which
my colleague objects, I desire to say that
alter having heaiil the suggestions of the Sen-
ator from Vermont, I quite agree that the
course pointed by him and assented to by the
Senator from Ohio is the proper and dignified
course for the Senate to adopt. I do not wish,
of course, to interfere with my colleague's
choice in the matter if he prefers to make what
is called a personal explanation. I never should
inflict upon the Senate anything of the kind as
a matter of personal choice. I know of noth-
ing more distasteful. I should never ask leave
to do it except in some case where I thought
a much larger interest than any personal inter-
est of mine was involved. But I repeat, that
I think the true course for the Senate to take
is to adopt some order in the shape of a resolu-
tion, presenting the case with proper remarks,
and transmitting it to the House. That, of
course, does not interfere with, but on the
contrary would seem to require the reading
of the words complained of by my colleague in
part, and part by myself.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is, shall the Senator from California [Mr. Cole]
be allowed to proceed?
_ Mr. CONICLING. I regret that this ques-
tion has arisen, but it is here, and, as the yeas
and nays are to be taken, I beg to say a single
word as to the vote I shall give. Of course I
would vote for anything within the limits of
courtesy to enable the Senator to achieve a
wish ot his own personal to himself; but the
question now put to the. Senate is not one of
courtesy or indulgence to the Senator from
California. If it were, or when it is, I will vote
for htm promptly as I should like to have him
vote for me were I in his place. The question
tspne of parliamentary practice and law; and
it is whether the utterances in one House may
be read and answered in the other House.
I hat, I submit, is all there is of it.
One Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] says
tins is a personal explanation, and that a per-
sonal explanation proceeds by leave. The
other Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thurma.v] says
suppose a member of one House asperses the
moral character of a member of the other,
shall he not be allowed to reply to that and
demand an investigation? After all,.the ques-
tion before us is whether a speech in one House
may be answered in the other, and formally
read with a view to that answer. I cannot
believe that that is the law or the practice, or
a safe experiment for any parliamentary body.
And now I answer the honorable Senator
from Ohio farthest from me. [Mr. Thurmai.'.]
Ue says if a member of the House cast an
aspersion upon a member of the Senate, shall
e no be allowed to repel that aspersion and
to demand an investigation? I answer him
certainly, he may do it without even resorting
to what the Senator from California farthest
om me [Mr, Casserly] pronounces the more,
uigmned course of proceeding; he may do it
y personal explanation. Some Senator finds
mmsel Hi a newspaper represented as having
whTnT'tf8 ^ u,1W0rthy act, and the form
hu a e statement takes is a speech uttered
by a member of the other House. I concede
inf!S eVV ProPer for him to rise here and
nform the Senate that he has been so aspersed,
that 1 e. see? m the public print an allegation
IJi /fu ?ullty of dishonorable^con-
duct, and that he demands an investigation of
with 1 -°n Proceed to vindicate himself
with his own woids.
tivLr1^mber th,e. Hous.e of Representa-
riprl tr, a anCef ln w^lch this liberty was car-
^inn to-) ^rea^ ex;tent. T remember an ocea-
in his a raena!)er then from Ohio, now
Ipavo ®rave', rose 111 the House and obtained
6 a Personal explanation. He
to do „, tj , s1ay',no':)0dy doubting his right ,
iourriB'a' l\ i -u"d llimself in the public
Hivmo- ar/= W1th such and such things,
eud of,t h":lpLe-ti u !s statement, at the very
he said the man who made thosa
