1864
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
The fifth section provides that the stock,
property, and affairs of the said corporation
shall be managed by a board consisting of
nine directors, and they may appoint the pres-
ident and such other officers, and employ such
agents and fix their compensation as they may
deem proper, not inconsistent with the by-laws
of said company.
The sixth section provides that the corpor-
ators named in this act shall be the directors
for the first year from the organization of the
company, and thereafter annual elections of
directors by the stockholders shall be held at
meetings to be called for that purpose, at which
each share of stock present, in person or by
proxy, shall be entitled to one vote, and the
majority of the.stock thus represented shall
elect.
_ Tho seventh section provides that the prin-
cipal office of the company shall be in the city
of New York or San Francisco, and that Con-
gress shall have power to alter, amend, or
repeal this act at any time; and further, that
in no event shall the United States be liable
to any person, corporation, or foreign Power
for any matter or thing growing out of the
passage of this act.
The question was upon ordering the bill, as
amended, to be engrossed and read a third
time.
Mr. LYNCH. I desire to correct a state-
ment that I made a short^ time ago, that this
bill comes with the unanimous recommenda-
tion of the Committee on Commerce. There
is one member of that committee, the gentle-
man from Indiana, [Mr. Holman,] who op-
poses the passage _ of any bill of this kind.
2his is a bill to incorporate a commercial
company for the transaction of business be-
tween the United States, China, and Japan.
It is an exact copy of an act passed in June,
1870, to incorporate the Bolivia Navigation
Company.
Mr. RANDALL. What is the capital au-
thorized by this bill?
Mr. LYNCH. It is $5,000,000.
Mr. RANDALL. It is a monster to crush
out individual enterprise; that is all there is
of it.
Mr. LYNCH. It is a bill to authorize this
company to do precisely what any individual
would have the right to do, to use a common
seal, and to do all acts that any incorporated
company would have a right to do in the Uni-
ted States, with the right in Congress to alter
and lepeal the act at any time. There are no
privileges granted to this company other than
are granted to any incorporation for transact-
ing business, and no privileges that any indi-
vidual would not have.
Mr. WOOD. J understand the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Lynch] to give but one justi-
fication for this bill which has really but one
object: that is, that the Governments of China
and Japan, in their transactions with this com-
pany , refuse to recognize State authority. This
act of incorporation is desired in order that
they may show that they have received coun-
tenance or official authority from the Govern-
ment of the United States. Those countries
do not understand, as we do here, that all
private corporations in this country can obtain
full and complete authority from State Legis-
latures, and that the national Government has
no jurisdiction and no right to interfere with the
rights of States over this subject of corpora-
tions.
. Mr. LYNCH. This is not a monopoly • it
is simply an act of incorporation. We have
granted such rights to other companies for the
transaction of business in the United States,
and we have granted the same rights to one other
company tor the transaction of business in
Bolivia. As I have said before, this is an exact
copy or that act, and there are no rights of
monopoly granted.
Mr. Speaker, it appears to me
the purpose ol this bill is to create a great
corporation to do business as between our
country and a foreign country. I can imagine
a great many grave objections to the enact-
ment of a bill like this. In the first place, I
assume that Congress has no constitutional
power to enact a charter of this kind. It does
not belong to the functions of the Federal
Government to do so, and is in no way neces-
sary to enable this Government to accomplish
any of its duties toward the people of the
United States. If citizens of the United States
want to carry on commerce with othernations
they have perfect liberty to do so. All we
need in order to make that liberty more effect-
ive to them is greater freedom under our navi-
gation laws and the laws for the purchase,
construction, and ownership of ships. If for-
eign nations desire to have any closer or more
official relations with this Government than
they can with private individuals, they should
seek such relations in the ordinary manner,
which is through the agency of their agents,
of their ministers and embassadors, their rep-
resentatives at the seat of Government. It is
no part of the duty of the United States to
create any system of irresponsible middlemen
to act between the Government of the United
States and foreign nations. Commerce should
be absolutely free. The vice that inheres in
this bill and in all like bills is that it proposes
an interference upon the part of the Govern-
ment with the conduct of commerce between
this country and a foreign country.
Mr. LYNCH. The gentleman entirely mis-
apprehends the scope and object of this bill.
It grants no privilege other than those granted
to any corporation within the United States.
It simply allows them to act as a corporation
precisely as they would act as an individual.
There is no monopoly about it in connection
with foreign Governments.
Mr. KERR. I understand that in Japan an
American citizen would be still an American
citizen, and under our protection within the
scope of international law, and he would be
able^ to conduct all legitimate enterprises as
a private citizen without incorporation.
Mr. LYNOH. This is no new thing, of
granting an incorporation to a company,
Lvery national bank in the country is an in-
corporation, incorporated under the author-
ity of the United States. We bare in the case
ofthe Bolivian companypassed a bill here with
very little opposition, which is precisely like
this bill. The right is reserved in the bill to
alter or amend it; it simply grants the power
of a corporation to this company for the pur-
pose of trading between Japan, China, and tho
United States.
Mr. KERR, I think there are still greater
objections to this measure than I have been
ableyet to suggest, and I desire here, in justi-
fication of myself, to say that I only just came
into the Hall and heard the bill read ; I have
had no opportunity to read it or study it; bin
heretofore during my service in this Hall I
have had occasion to investigate this class of
questions with great care, and this bill sug-
gested itself to me as involving the objection-
able features 111 bills heretofore passed or
offered. As suggested by the gentleman from
Maine, there is nothing peculiar m this bill.
1 do not say that there is any subsidy in it or
that it is extraordinary in its form. It is like
ail bills tor the creation of coi'DOrations,
and the gentleman does not need to suggest
tome that in many of irs features it is Tike
other charters of corporations all over this
country. I know there are such corporations
in some of their general characteristics, and
that there is no greater misfortune to the peo-
ple of the United States. We have too many '
corporations. This policy of the country is
driving all the wealvh of the country to aggre-
gate itself under the control of corporaumis,
and under the cover and power of corporate
franchises and privileges it is daily exorcis-
ing more and mom potential influence upon
vvery interest ot the entire country. In mv
judgment this influence is most baneful and
dangerous in many respects. It threatens
some of the sacred interests of our country.
It is at all times unfriendly and injurious to
the people.
Now, it is to this entire system of congres-
sional legislation that I want to object, and to
which I think the country objects. There are
too many corporations growing up. The gen-
tleman says that this bill only gives this cor-
poration the right to go abroad and engage in
commerce in Japan. We cannot foresee, the
wit of man is not sharp enough to look far
enough into the future to detect what may be
the ulterior policy, purpose, or power of this
coiporation. It is against the whole system,
therefore, that I protest, because of the gen-
eral and undefinable character of the powers
conferred. They are dangerous, suspicious,
and alarming. They look to complications,
sharp bargains, great operations by irresponsi-
ble parties, and to national complications as
the result. Look, for example, at section two.
I read it:
Sec. 2. That the said corporation, in connection
with the aforesaid business, may, under the author-
ity of the Governments of China, Japan, and of the
other countries of Asia, engage in public work--
which may be necessary to develop and incrca^o the
business and commerce thereof, and to facilitate
commerce between them andtheUnited States, ami
for thai purpose may issue its bonds or other obli-
gations, secured by a pledge or mortgage ot its piop-
erty and franchises. And the said company s-hali
nave power to make and issue all promissory nof"s,
biild of exchange, drafts, or other obligations which
may be necessary or convenient in the transaction
ot its business, and which may be authorized by tho
board of directors: Provided, That no such Bote?,
bills, drafts, or other obligations shall be issued
passed or legaHy circulated as currency in any part
of the United States.
Let any gentleman contemplate for a moment
the extent, scope, and range of these powers,
and answer if he can prescribe any limit to
them. These corporations may contract, under
express authority of the United States, with
the Governments of China, Japan, or'other
nations of Asia, to erect or establish public
works, to develop commerce, and facilitate
trade. These are grants of vast range and
scope. But^ they may also issue bonds or
other obligations, secured by mortgage on their
property or franchises. If they have no honest
property, they can mortgage their unsubstan-
tial, imaginary, and worthless franchises. But
they are also empowered to issue bills, notes,
drafts, "or other obligations which may be
necessary or convenient in the transaction of
its business, and which may be authorized by
the board of directors." This is a most dan-
gerous power, not now possessed by any cor-
poration m our country. But out of abundrnt
caution, the proviso declares that these things
j shall not be used in the Uniced States <-?s
currency. ' Thus it is by implication conceded
that this paper tnay be used as cuirencv out
ol the United States. It is a license fiom our
conntry to these gentlemen, without any pi-i-
sonal^ accountability on their part, to put inm
cucuiation m a foreign country, among a sim-
p >3 and honest people, a currency of ra^s
linhlf U!T "°.SeeUrity> "redeemable, and
} f, a!1-v dayto become trash. Yet this tra,h
has the countenance and quasi indorsement
of the United States W.th this apparent
Government approval, those people might
naturally assume that such trash would be
made good by onr Government. The whole
bill is thus calculated to mislead an ignlrant
and confiding people, to deceive them, to make
them victims of greedy men, and ultimately to
'S® ?vwijr dishonor to our country.
, NewYork, [Mr. Cox!l t0 ^ ge,ltlemHU from
tA?°f Speakpr< Iam 'n frvor of
!■' siruilnr In . h a ^ tt! '0 lbr * Wil
i: iuo Bdiyiihsi,;r.[rrT;;c:;vi'%was ?,M
i|biHgivi„,asun4iy3orir;;;;t;:;
I,1!,,, f !"" I*™? '.ho bid ,a whi, h f
i, have referred, uecause I believed it to be in
ii pursuance ot the constitutional provision with
