72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
army officers.
Mr. POTTER, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back the biii (H. R. No.
229) relating to certain officers of the Army,
with the recommendation that the committee
be discharged from its further consideration ;
and the same wag referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
PRESIDENTIAL ELECTORS IN LOUISIANA.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the same committee,
reported back, with the recommendation that
it dopass, the bill (H. R. No. 351) to prescribe
the time for holding the election for choosing
electors for President and Vice President in
the State of Louisiana for the year 1872.
The bill was read. It proposes that the
electors for President and Yice President shall
be chosen by the State of Louisiana on the first
Monday of November, in the year 1872, pro-
vided that said State may by law provide for
the filling of any vacancy or vacancies which
may occur in its college of electors, when such
college meets to give its electoral vote.
The question was on ordering the bill to be
engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say, in ex-
planation of this bill, that there exists now a
general law requiring the choice of electors to
be made upon the same day throughout the
United States. By reason of the condition of
things in Louisiana, it will be impossible that
the choice should be made there on the day
prescribed by existing law without the expense
of an additional election. I propose that we
shall change the act of 1845 for the benefit of
Louisiana alone, as to the day of choosing
electors in that State. I desire to say further—
what doubtless is within the knowledge of the
House—that this form of legislation, permit-
ting the States to appoint electors on different
days, is found in the legislation of the First
Congress, in the act of 1792. I see no objec-
tion in the Constitution to the legislation pro-
posed, and I see a necessity for it in the state
of things which now exists in Louisiana under
its constitution and laws. I now yield to the
gentleman from Louisiana [Mr. Sheldon] who
introduced the bill.
Mr. SHELDON. The constitution of the
State of Louisiana requires that the State elec-
tion shall be held on the first Monday of
November. By the terms of that constitution
it cannot be amended, except by an amend-
ment voted upon at the general election. That
general election cannot take place until one
day before the next presidential election ; con-
sequently we cannot amend our constitution ;
and we only ask this in order to save the
people of Louisiana trouble and expense in
holding the two days' election, when the whole
matter may be done in one day.
_ Mr. KERR. I desire to know h ow in pre-
vious years this election has been held in the
State of Louisiana?
Mr. SHELDON. We had no State election
in November, 1808. Our constitution was
adopted in April, 1868, and it provides that
our next general election should be held in
November, 1870, and every two years there-
after. *
Mr. KERR. Was there not an election
held m 1868 in that State for electors for Pres-
ident and Vice President?
Mr. SHELDON. Yes, sir; but we had no
State election except for members of Congress,
and, by an express law of the Legislature,
that election was held on the day that we chose
electors. Now the law is different, and we
cannot amend it before the next general elec-
tion, which comes the day previous to the presi-
dential election.
Mr. KERR. I do not see, then, but that
the same authority exists now to hold this kind
of election in the State of Louisiana that ex-
isted in 1868, and 1 see no occasion for the
enactment of this bill. It is an anomalous
thing, and I believe that a measure of this
kind is a novelty in tho history of the coun-
try, and ought not to be hastily enacted. I
doubt very much the propriety, in a constitu-
tional point of view, of its enactment at all.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will be greatly obliged
if the gentleman will point to anything in the
Constitution which raises a colorable consti-
tutional objection to this bill. The committee
were careful to inquire into this m-atter, and I
refer the gentleman now for a precedent, so
far as the constitutional question is concerned,
to the act of 1792. It furnishes a complete
precedent for the proposed legislation.
Mr. KERR. I confess I have not had time
to look at the Constitution. The way in which
this measure is sprung upon the House affords
no gentleman upon this floor any opportunity
to satisfy his own judgment as to the propriety
of its enactment.
I do not question the propriety of the inten-
tion of the committee, nor the fact that they
have satisfied their own minds as to the pro-
priety of the enactment of this bill, but I
have only suggested that they have not satis-,
fied my mind, and that I have had no oppor-
tunity to look at the bill or examine the ques-
tion. _ I think the measure is one involving a
sufficiently important question to entitle the
House at least to au opportunity for a little
more careful consideration of the subject.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am entirely confident
of the propriety of this legislation in the first
place, and its constitutionality in the next
place, but I beg leave now, in order that gen-
tlemen may satisfy their doubts on this subject,
to ask that the bill be made a special order
for the third Wednesday in January after the
morning hour. I have great respect for the
gentleman's convictions on this subject, and
if I had doubts, such as he expresses himself,
I would not wish to vote upon the bill until I
had had an opportunity to make an examina-
tion of the subject. I am fully persuaded my-
self that without such legislation as this there
can be no choice for electors of President and
Vice President of the United States in the
State of Louisiana without a special election.
It is in the power of the Congress of the United
States to provide for the choice of electors at
the general State election; it is not in the
power of the people of the State to correct
their law for a general election in time to meet
the case by reason of the limitation in their
State constitution upon their own legislative
powers.
I now ask consent of the House that the bill
be made the special order for the first Wednes-
day in January next, after the morning hour.
Mr. SNAPP. I rise to a point of order. I
would like to know what* is going on over
yonder. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. That is not a point of
order. It is not the duty of the Chair to in-
form members what is going on. Members
should ascertain that for themselves.
The bill was then made the special order
for the third Wednesday of January next,
after the morning hour.
lands sold fob taxes,
j''-1"'' from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported back, with tho recommend-
ation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 106)
for the relief of purchasers of lands sold for
direct taxes in the insurrectionary States.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and readva third time.
The bill was read/ The first section pro-
vides that no owner, his heirs or assigns, of
laud sold for taxes under the provisions
of the act entitled "An act for the collection
or direct taxes in the insurrectionary districts
within the United States, and for other pur-
poses," approved Jane 7, 1862, and of the
acts amendatory thereof, shall be permitted
to recover the same in any action or proceed-
ing against _ the purchaser at such sale, his
heirs or assigns, without showing, in addition
to other necessary facts, that all taxes, costs,
and penalties due upon the said land at the
time of the sale have been paid by him or
them, or bringing into court and depositing
with the clerk, for the use of the United
States, the amount, with interest, of the taxes
and penalties due to the United States on
account of the land when sold, together with all
the costs and expenses of the sale, which sum,
in case of the recovery of the land by such
owner, his heirs or assigus, shall be paid by the
clerk into the Treasury of the United States.
The second section provides that in all cases
where the owner of any land sold for taxes,
his heirs or assigns, shall recover the same
from the purchaser, his heirs or assigns, with-
out collusion on his or their part, by the judg-
ment of any court of competent jurisdiction,
by reason of a failure, without his or their
fault or neglect, of the title of the purchaser
derived from said sale, the Secretary of the
Treasury, on the payment into the Treasury
by the clerk of the money deposited with him,
and on being satisfied that any purchaser, his
heirs or assigns, without his or their collusion,
has been evicted from or turned out of posses-
sion of any such land by the judgment of any
court of competent jurisdiction, in the manner
before mentioned, is hereby authorized, out
of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated, to repay to the person or per-
sons entitled thereto a sum of money equal to
that originally paid by the purchaser of the
land so recovered, if the same has been paid
into the Treasury.
Mr. PETERS. Imovetheprevious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PETERS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that, the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
claim of south carolina.
On motion of Mr. ELDRIDGE, the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was discharged from
the further consideration of the bill (H. R. No.
419) authorizing the payment of interest due
to the State of South Carolina; and the same
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
children of n. h. adams and j. rudenstein.
Mr. ARCHER, from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No.
45/) to place on the naval pension-roll the
names of the widows and minor children of
Newton H. Adams and John Rudenstein.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
names of Mrs. Eunice Adams, widow of New-
ton H. Adams, late a surgeon in the United
| States Navy, and his minor children, and Mrs.
| iranees I. Rudenstein, widow of John Ruden-
stein, late a surgeon in the United States Navy,
and his minor children, shall be placed upon
the naval pension-roll, subject to the rules gov-
erning naval pensions.
Mr. MOORE. Has this bill been before
the Committee on Pensions?
The SPEAKER. It is reported from the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
ncicoflrf 7
Mr. ARCHER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message feoji ihk senate.
A message from the Senate was communi-
cated to the .House by Mr. Gorham, its Sec-
retary, notifying the House that the Senate
had concurred iu the resolution providing for
