2762
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
character are honored in every land, the Congress
pauses to pay this tribute of respect.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution as amended was concurred in.
IjAKB ST. CKOIX B1UDGE.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President 
Mr. HOWE. I appeal to the Senator from
Pennsylvania to let us complete a chore which
was commenced yesterday. It will take but a
moment.
Mr. CAMERON. If it does not take more
than two moments, I will consent.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 671.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 671) to author-
ize the West Wisconsin Railroad Company to
keep up and maintain a bridge for railway
purposes across Lake St. Croix, at the city
of Hudson, in the State of Wisconsin.
Mr. HOWE. I offer the following amend-
ment as a new section, to come in after sec-
tion two;
That in oase of any litigation arising from any
obstruction or alleged obstruction to the free navi-
gation of tho St. Croix river at or near the crossing
of said bridge, and caused or alleged to be caused
thoreby, the ease shall bo commenced and tried in
the district court of the United States for either the
district of Minnesota or the western district of Wis-
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and tho amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS
Mr. COLE. I call for the regular order.
Mr. NYE. I wish the Senator would give
way a moment.
Mr. CAMERON. I shall not give way any
further. If I yield any more to the impor-
tunities of my friends I shall forget all about
my speech, which would be a great loss to the
country. [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. 1 have a little bill here.
Mr. MOllTON. I hope the Senate will
allow the Senator from Pennsylvania to pro-
ceed with his speech.
Mr. NYE. I want to hear that speech, but
we can pass this bill in a minute.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Nevada is entitled to the floor.
Mr. NYE. I want to ask the Senator from
Pennsylvania to yield a moment to me. I
know how much tlyit is asking and how reluc-
■ tantly he will consent, but I think he will yield.
Mr. CAMERON. Mr. President, I will
not. [Laughter.]
Mr. NYE. I think the Chair awarded the
floor to me.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion before the Senate is the deficiency bill,
and these proceedings have been going on by
general consent, the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania having yielded the floor, and the Sen-
ator irom Nevada having taken it.
Mr. NYE. I gave notice yesterday morn-
ing that I should call up this morning a little
bill that it is very important should be acted
on, either passed or rejected j and if my friend
from Pennsylvania will listen a moment I can
convince him of the importance of actinsr on
this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
of the Senator from Nevada can only be enter-
tained by unanimous consent, or by laying the
pending bill on the table, to which the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania objects. Does the
Senator from Pennsylvania move to lay it on
the table himself, or ask that it be laid aside
informally?
^ Mr. CAMERON. I ask that it be laid aside
informally, in accordance with the special
order the Senate made a week a<*o
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is there
objection?
The Chair
Mr. FENTON. Let me inquire if it is for
the purpose of allowing the Senator from
Pennsylvania to make his remarks?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. '
so understands. ,
Mr. FENTON. And the consideration ot
the bill of the Senator from Pennsylvania is
not to be proceeded with, but the deficiency
bill is to be resumed .afterward ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is such the
understanding ?
Mr. CAMERON. Oh, no. ,
Mr. SUMNER. I beg pardon of the Chair.
There has been an understanding I think for
weeks that the Senator from Maryland [Mr.
Vickers] should follow the Senator from
Pennsylvania. Am I not right?
Mr. CAMERON. That is so.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand that the Sen-
ator from Maryland is prepared to go on.
Indeed this measure was allowed to drop out
of its place ten days ago, partly because the
Senator from Maryland had gone home. He
is now in his place, and I presume is ready to
go on. I hope, therefore, that the Senator
from Pennsylvania will be allowed to open
the case, and that the Senator from Maryland
will follow, and then I hope the Senate will
be ready to vote. I do not know why they
should not; they will have heard a Senator on
each side then.
Mr. CAMERON. I gave notice on at least
two occasions that when I called up this bill
again I would expect it to be acted on and
disposed of. Three months ago I asked per-
mission of the Senate to allow me to make
my speech and let that be printed, and
then let the bill lie on the table for the pres-
ent. Now, I desire that the bill when taken
up shall be disposed of, either favorably or
adversely.
Mr. NYE. Will the honorable Senator just
lot me pass this little bill?
Mr. CAMERON. No, he will not, nor
permit anybody else to interrupt this French
spoliation bill to day. [Laughter.] My mo-
tion is that the bill in the hands of the Senator
from California be laid aside informally for
the purpose of taking up the French spoliation
bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Pennsylvania asks unanimous consent
that the pending bill, which is the deficiency
bill, be laid aside informally, subject to be
called up by any Senator. Is there objection ?
Mr. NYE. I think we had better not.
Mr. COLE. I am reluctantly compelled to
object, because I hear Senators all around me
say they will call up other bills which will
interfere with the deficiency appropriation
bill, which is almost upon its passage.
Mr. KELLOGG. I call for the regular
order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The regu-
lar order is before the Senate.
Mr. CAMERON. Now, Mr. President, be-
cause the Senator from California has forgot-
ten that degree of courtesy which he usually
allows to everybody here, I move that his bill
be laid on the table for the purpose of taking
up the French spoliation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania moves that the pend-
ing order, the deficiency bill, be laid on the
table.
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President 
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is not debatable.
Mr. I1 EN TON. I hope I maybe allowed
to call the attention of the Senate to the no-
lice given by the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania and the qualifications which
accompanied it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
reminds the Senator from New York that this
motion is not debatable. The question must
be taken wnhout debate. The motion is to
lay the deficiency bill on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The defi-
cency bill is before the Senate, and the imme-
diate question is on the amendment of the
Senator from Mississippi [Mr. Aia'OKn] to the
amendment offered by the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr- Moriuu,,] on which the Senator
from'Mississippi [Mr. Aix'onx] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. ALCORN. Mr. President 
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator yield to
me one moment that I may make a remark?
Mr. ALCORN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. The question now is on pro-
ceeding with the deficiency bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill is
before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. It is now before the Sen-
ate, and 1 wish to assign a reason why it
should not be proceeded with. The other day
when the bill for equal rights in the schools of
the District of Columbia was under considera-
tion the Senate adjourned, leaving it as the
unfinished business. It came up as such the
next day, and when I urged its consideration
I was met by a special order precisely like
that which the Senator from Pennsylvania has
tried to get before the Senate to-day. I was
told that, though the bill tor equal rights was
unfinished business, itcould not prevail against
i the special order; that by courtesy of tae Sen-
ate, if not by rule, the special order should
have its day, and the bill 1'or equal rights was
voted down in this Chamber.
Now, sir, is the same ruie applied to the
bill moved by the Senator from Pennsylvania?
Not at all. His bill was the special order for
this day and according to the rule adopted
the other day it should have been proceeded
with ; but no, the unfinished business is pro-
ceeded with. Now 1 have to remind tlie Sen-
ate that you have been more austere and harsh
toward the bill for equal rights than you have
been toward the deficiency bill. Y'oa have
applied one rule to one bill and another to the
other.
Mr. FENTON. I desire to correct the state-
ment of my honorable friend from Massachu-
setts, so that there may be no misapprehension
in regard to the assignment of this day in the
order of business. I read from the debate on
assiguing this day to the Senator from Penn-
sylvania :
"Mr. C4meron. I desire to say that I ex)ecfced
to-day to call up the bill providing for the payment
of the French spoliation claims, but the Senator
Irom Maryland [ilr. Vickers] being absent I can-
not do so. He intends to make a speech on that
subject which I think will have a great effeiton the
Senate. I therefore ask that the Senate w.ll allow
me to fix to-morrow week for that bill.
"Mr. Pomeroy. That day has already been as-
signed.
"Mr. Cameron. Then I ask for Thursday of next
week.
"The Vice President. The Senator from Tenn-
sylvama asks that Thursday ofnextweek be assigned
lor the consideration of the French spoliation bill, •
which has .several times been postponed.
Mr. Cole. 1 hope my friend will not ask ftrthat
until we get along a little better with the appropria-
tion bill.
"The Vice Peesidext. It requires unaiimous
consent, as the bill is not before the Senate, and
resolution? are not yet reached.
Mr. Cameron. I think the Senator fron Cali-
iorma will not object when I tell him that if any
ot his bills are before the Senate then which he
desires to push through immediately. I will vaitfor
another day.
Mr. Cole. I suppose that the Senator gives
notice that he intends to call up hi3 bill co that
day.
President. No; he desires the tssign-
ment of Thursday next for tho French spoliation
Is .h® w>" srive way if an tppro-
" |{ J1 should then be pressing.
Mr- Cameron. That is it.
request? ^°E RE3InI:ST- Isthere objection to that
'■ fc What is tho request ?
1 The Senator from Penn-
f ?kS Ihursday of next week be as-
Ll-Iiw* consideration of tho French spolia-
bnf.o stating that he will yield the day, as he
should then be pending. 'f !l"'rollriaUon m
Son?tl'l'le Senator will also except
Itm«™ 1 1 ? w,lU raak® no objection at all.
it may not be before the Senate at that time.
tion to'tha?"1*0*' 00urBe-1 will make no objw
