22
APPENDIX T0: THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 3,
Ho. 03? Beps.
Disposition of Public Lands—Mr. Dunndl.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
important question in tbe past. This land
question has its history in the history of the
Government. The views which I entertain,
and-' whicii> L shall present to-day, have been
entertained by those who have in times past
and at peculiar epochs the history of the
country done so much to shape its policy and
to mark out the line of policy which has been
pursued. I will call the attention of the House
to some facts in connection with this history.
There' are those who talk about the public
lands" as though'the benefits resulting from a
proper disposition of them, or the grants of
them in aid of certain projects that have a
local name, were but local and temporary,
and therefore ought not to receive the sanc-
tion of Congress, and because those benefits
are thus local.
So long ago as 1830, tbe question whether
our public lands or any portion of them might
be used for purposes of internal improvement,
was conspicuously raised ; and the considera-
tion of that question constituted a part of tbe
famous speech of Webster in reply to Hayne.
I will ask the Oierk to read a part of that speech,
which shows the broad, statesman-like views
•which were entertained by that eminent states-
man—views almost prophetic in their charac-
ter, and marking an epoch which I truss will
favorably attract the attention of the House
when 1 spread before it the statistics which I
am able to furnish, as a result of the policy
which was inaugurated at that time, and rein-
auguratedin Illinois and other western States,
by grants of land for purposes of internal devel-
opment and improvement.
The Clerk read as follows:
" We love to dwell on theUnion, and on the mutual
happiness which it has so much promoted, and the
common reno>yn which it has so- greatly contributed
to acquire. In our contemplation Caro'inaandOhio
are parts of the same country: States united under
the same General Government, having interests,
common, associated, intermingled. Iu whatever
is within the proper sphere of the constitutional
power of this Government we look upon the States
as one. - We do not impose geographical limits to our
patriotic feeling or regard; we do not follow rivers
and mountains and lines of latitude to find bound-
aries beyond which public improvements do not
benefit us. We who come here as agents and repre*
sentatives of thoso narrow-minded and selfish men
of New England, consider ourselves as bound to
regard with equal eye the good of tho whole in
whatever is in our power of legislation.
14 Sir, if a railroad or a canal beginning in South
Carolina and ending in South Carolina, a ppeared to
me to be of national importance and national mag-
nitude, believing asido, that tho power of Govern-
ment extends to the encouragement of works of that
description, if i were to stand up here and ask,
'what interest has Massachusetts in a railroad ih
South Carolina V i should not be willing to face
my constituents. These same narrow-minded men
would tell mo that they had sent me here to act for
tho whole country, and that one who possessed too
little comprehension, cither of intellect or feeling,
one who was not large enough in mind and heart to
embrace tbe whole, was not fit to be intrusted with
the interest of any part.
"Sir, I do not desire to enlarge the powers of the
Government by unjustifiable construction, nor to
exercise any not within a fair interpretation. But
when it is believed that a power does exist, then it
is, in my judgment, to be exercised for the general
benefit ot the whole. So far as respects the exercise
of such a power, the States are one. It was the very
object of the Constitution to create unity of interests
to the extent of the powers of the General Govern-
ment. In war and peace, we are one; in commerce,
one; because the authority of the General Govern-
ment reaches to war and peace, and to the regulation
of commerce. I have never seen any more difficulty
in erecting light-houses on the lakes than on the
ocean; in improving the harbors of inland seas than
if they were within the ebb and flow of the tide; or
of removing obstructions in the vast streams of the
West, more than in any work to facilitate commerce
on the Atlantic coast. If there be power for one,
there is power also for the other; and they are all
and equally for the country."
Mr. DUNN ELL. I call attention to the
broad national views which were entertained
by Webster, and announced in the extract
which has just been read. I dislike to find
a measure like this, which is linked insep-
arably with the general prosperity of the coun-
try, made local and dependent upon local
support for its maintenance. When a single
State is by congressional legislation devel-
oped in her resources, when her population
and wealth are augmented, when her power
to serve the Government is augmented either
in men or material resources, it seems to me
that such legislation should not be questioned,
bat applauded.
From 1830 to 1850 there were constant do-
nations of public lands for various improve-
ments—for the improvement of rivers and
harbors, and for the making of canals. Dur-
ing that period there was marked prosperity
throughout the country wherever these im-
provements were going on. The policy was
not doubted; it was universally acceded to as
constitutional, as right and wise.
But there was another epoch, Mr. Speaker,
more distinguished than that of 1830. I refer
to the commencement of that period when
grants were bestowed upon, corporations or
States for the purpose of railroad construction.
Stephen A. Douglas was the father of that
policy; and let me say that he reared for
himself no better monument than that which
tells to posterity the fact that he was in favor
of the material development of his own State,
and along with it the great West. The empire
State of Illinois to-day is an honor to him
because of the policy which he aided to inau-
gurate. It is matter of profound surprise, Mr.
Speaker, that members in this House, repre-
senting that State, an empire in itself, and
made such by this policy, will stand up. here
and say this same policy shall not be stretched
beyond the Mississippi and strike the great
prairies of the West, to develop these States
as imperial in natural resources as Illinois
herself.
I have asked and shall ask the attention of
the House to some statistics in relation to the
States of Illinois, Missouri, Michigan, Wiscon-
sin, Iowa, and Minnesota. And when we look
at those statistics we shall see the rapid growth
those States have made, rapid in population
and rapid in wealth. Prior to the inaugura-
tion of this policy in 1850, Mr. Speaker, as
you very well know, the settlements in these
States were largely along the streams. There
were no means of getting out upon the rich
and fertile prairies. God had made them rich.
It remained for legislation to bring about the
means of intercommunication between the dif-
ferent parts of those great States, then but
sparsely settled. The construction of railroads
has developed these States so that they are the
wonder of the nation, and the wonder of the
world to-day.
I wish now to present a table which I have
prepared, showing the growth of those States
in population as returned in 1850, in 1860, and
in 1870:
y.,. Population Papulation Population
Mutes. in 18g0_ in ^ in 1870_
Illinois  851,470 1,711,951 2,539,891
Missouri  682,044 1,182,012 1,721,295
Michigan  397,654 749,11a 1,184,059
Wisconsin  805,391 775,881 1,054,670
Iowa  192,214 674,913 1,191,792
Minnesota  6,077 172,023 439,706
Total .2,434,850 5.265.883 8,181,413
I will have this table made a part of my
remarks, and will now simply refer to tbe
totals. The population of these States in 1850
in round numbers, as will be seen, was
2,400.000, or about one tenth of the whole
population of tbe country. In 1860 the popu>
lation of these six State1; was- 5,200,000, or
about one sixth of the population Of the coun-
try. In 1870 the population of these States
was 8,100,000, going up in twenty years from
2,400,000 to 8.100,000. There is no spot in
this land ot in any other laud where there has
been such a rapid growth in the same length
of time.
I am proud of the honor of being one of the
Representatives from that section of the coun-
try, so full of life, so full of vigor, so full of
patriotism and loyalty to the Government, and
which contributed so largely to its salvation
during the war, and which has the power to
contribute and is to-day contributing so mueh
to the resources and revenues of the country.
Now, Mr. Speaker, does any one doubt that
all this rapid growth has been the result of this
liberal policy inaugurated in 1850? Does any
one question for a moment these railroads have
been built as the result of that policy? In
Minnesota we have fifteen hundred and fifty
miles of railroad. Seven years ago we had
but fifty-five miles. Every mile of those roads
has been built by land grants; they have been
built by these, and these alone; and our own
State, which has made such rapid progress,
stands here to-day grateful to the Government
for this liberality in aiding the development
of her resources. Our resources! Yes; but
what are ours are yours; what are her resources
are tbe resources- of the nation. I will not
admit for a moment that there is anything
like a State power. Wherever there is power
in a State it is the power of the whole country,
and not the power of the part.
We have good lands in that section of the
country. We know that. Hence we favor the
policy of giving them to the real, actual settlers
who desire to go there. During the first settle-
ments they crept along tbe rivers, bat when
they saw the -forth-coming policy of opening
up all the landsthey struck outon the prairies.
When railroads were located they located them-
selves along the line of the roads that were
projected. These roads were the harbingers
or forerunners of this increased population.
It was a population, sir, not to be dispersed;
it was a vigorous population., The enterpris-
ing men in the Bast emigrated and settled on
these lands. They went: there for homes;
they were not the fancy actual Settlers of
whom we hear some gentlemen speak. There
are those here who talk about actual settlers
who never saw an actual settler, and who do
not .know the wants of these growing republics
of the West.-
Now, Mr. Speaker, there are two values to
land as there are two values to figures. The
one is its intrinsic, value and the other its local
value. That is, the lands are valuable when
they are brought within the lines of cornmuni-
eaiion. In other words, they are valuable
when they are brought wiihin reach of a mar-
ket. An acre of land 100 miles from a mar-
ket or a railroad may be worth but $1 25 per
acre; but it is worth ten dollars wheu you
bring it within ten miles of a railroad. On
that point, however, 1 wish to speak at another
time.
I now ask attention to a table which I shall
present, showing the construction of railways
in six States of the West. I refer to the States
of Hlinois, Missouri, Michigan, Wisconsin,
Iowa, and Minnesota. They are situated
together, they are somewhat alike. in their
character, their interests are connected, and
in speaking- of them 1- shall compare them
with six other States, for the sake of conven-
ience and for purposes of illustration.
The number of miles of railway completed
and in operation in these States., at the close
of the years 1850, 1860, and 1870 has been as
follows:
1850. 1860. 1870.
miles, miles. miles*
Illinois  Ill 2,790 4,823
Missouri  - 817 2.000
Michigan  342 779 1.638
Wisconsin  20 905 1,525
Iowa,  - 635 2,683
Minnesota  - - 1,072
Total in each year ,  473 - 5,946 13,741
In 1850, as will appear from tho above table,
in these six States there were but 473 miles of
railroad—111 miles in Illinois, 842 in Michi-
