3658
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
The,Clerk read the following:
To pay the Board of Public Works of the District
of Columbia the proportion of the cost properly pay-
able by the United States Government tor the filling
of thec.mal from Seventh street west to Seventeenth
street west, find ot the cost of the intercepting sewer
alongtheeanal adjoining the property of tho United
States Government, said work being under the
direction of the Board of Public W orks, $08,365, or
so much thereof as may be necessary: Provided,
That all payments made under tbis and the preced-
ing appropriation shall be made only upon vouchers
approved by the officer in charge of the public
buildings and grounds of the District.
Mr. AMBLER. I make the point of order
that, the appropriation contained in the para-
graph just read is uot authorized by any exist-
ing law.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
is mistaken about that. Congress appointed
a board of canal commissioners who were pro-
ceeding to fill up the canal; but when the bill
creating a government for the District and
establishing the Board of Public Works was
passed it was specifically provided that all the
duties heretofore discharged by the canal com-
missioner, under the provision of law referred
to, should be tiansferred to the Board of Pub-
lic Works. Hence, for the purpose of filling
the canal and making the improvements of the
public property in connection with it, the
members of this board have become officers
of the Government of the United States.
The CIIA1IIMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. AMBLER. Then I move to strike out
the paragraph. It seems to me, Mr. Chair-
man, that, taking into consideration what I
suppose we have all seen as to the manner in
which this work is being done, it is not proper
for the Government ot the United Stales to
place itself in the position of bearing a pro-
portion ot' these expenses. Many other gen-
tlemen here are, doubtless, better advised upon
this subject than 1 am ; but I have been shown
a wall at the western end of the canal which
I am told is to be pulled down and the filling
'done again. It seems to me that if we are to
pay a proportion of the expenses of carrying
on these assumed improvements, we ought in
some manner to have some control of the
improvements or the manner in which they
shall be carried out.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. These works
are wholly our own. The filling up of the
canal adds a very large portion of land to the
public property, and it has manifestly increased
the value of our public grounds to a fur greater
amount than the expense which it is proposed
the Government shall bear. Certainly we are
bound by all equitable rules to pay for the
improvement of our own property.
Air. McGRE W. [ wish to inquire of the
chairman of tho Committee on Appropriations
whether the city of Washington does not claim
that, this canal is the property of the city?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There has been
a claim of that sort; but it is now utterly
waived.
The question being taken on the motion of
Mr. Ambler, there were—ayes 35, noes 45;
no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Ambler, and
Mr. Garfield of Ohio, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 49, noes 73.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL. I move to amend by
adding to the pending paragraph the follow-
ing :
And that no portion of the money herein appro-
priated shall bo used by the Board of Public Works
for any other purposo whatever than the purpose
named in this paragr-ph.
1 want to cut off any possibility of a transfer
of this appropriation.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That is all
right.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
For the observation of the transit of Venus aoross
the disk of the sun, to be expended with the ap-
proval of the Secretary of the Navy, for the con-
struction of instruments, $50,000.
Mr. HOLMAN. I make a point of order
that the appropriation embraced in the clause
just read is not in pursuance of law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The Chair will
allow me to say that this provision is merely
to carry out one portion of the work of the
Naval Observatory. If we make observations
on the stars generally, why should we cut off
Venus? [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair adheres to
his decision.
The Clerk read as follows:
For construction of revenue vessels in accord-
ance with recommendation of the special commis-
sion, approved by the Secretary of the Treasury,
$200,000.
Mr. RANDALL. I raise a point of order
on the paragraph just read that it embraces
new legislation.
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
not well taken.
Mr. BANDALL. I ask the attention of the
chairman to the language of this paragraph.
It says " in accordance with recommendation
of the special commission." It does not pre-
tend to be in pursuance of any existing law,
but a mere recommendation of the commis-
sion.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In accordance
with the arrangement made for a reform in
the revenue service a commission was ap-
pointed, and theresultofthatcommission was a
recommendation which has been, carried out
thus far for the past two years. This is in
accordance with the same recommendation,
and I hope it, will be retained in the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules
the point of order.
Mr. RANDALL. I move then to strike
out the paragraph. The gentleman from
Ohio stated my figures were correct, that it
would take about one million and seventy seven
thousand dollars for the revenue service, yet
here is another appropriation of $200,000,
which is fairly chargeable to that fund. I see
no possible necessity for the construction of
vessels to cost. $200,000 in connection with
this service. We have now sufficient vessels
to answer the purposes of the revenue service
for the prevention of smuggling; and I hope
the committee will save this money to the
Government.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It will break the
whole thing up.
Mr. Randall's motion was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
To enablo the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
tho city of Chnrlestown, Mass ichusetts, the expenso
incurred by said city in curbing and paving the side-
walks and streets adjacent to the navy-yard, SI.600.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, at the
request of the Committee oti Appropriations,
I offer an amendment, to come in at this place.
The Clerk read as follows:
To pay Charles W. Seaton for the relinquishment
of all claims against tho United States for the use at
the ninth or any subsequent census of his invention
of a tallying-machine tor which letters-patent were
allowed by the United States Patent Office, February
19,1872, $15,000.
Mr. RANDALL. I make the point of
order on that amendment that it is new legis-
lation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules it to
be in order as contingent expenses in carry-
ing on one of ihe Departments.
Mr. SARGENT. This tallying-machine,
costing but, two or three dollars each, has
saved the Government $90,000 in tallying the
present census. The Committee on Appro-
priations recommended the sum of $30,000 or
sanctioned the appropiiation of that amount.
On conference with the Committee on Patents,
to whom we referred the matter, I have the
consent of the committee to cut down the ap-
propriation, which I have done in the pending
amendment, to $15,000. The amount saved,
as 1 have already stated, by thisSeaton tally-
ing-machine is $90,000 during the present year.
A statement with relerence to the matter will
show how useful this little machine is. Up to
the 6th of January of the present year there
had been tallied by hand 427,059 pages, in-
volving 14,139 days' work, and since the 20th.
of January there have been tallied by the
Seaton machine 702,340 pages, involving an
expenditure of 8,147 days of clerical work.
In one half of the time this machine did
double the work. Besides all that., we must
take into consideration the accuracy of the
machine. The taking of the census costs us
some $3,000,000; and as it is only taken every
ten years, it is of the greatest importance to
save all the time possible in getting the in-
formation belote the people. This little
machine not only saves time, but saves money
to the Government.
Mr. HIBBAUD. Dolunderstand theChair-
man to rule this amendment in order, and that
it is not new legislation?
The CHAIRMAN. It is one- of the con-
tingent expenses connected with a Department
of the Government,and admissible under the
rules of the House.
Mr. H1BBARD. Mr. Chairman, I had occa-
sion to consider the question involved in this
amendment, in consequence of being a mem-
ber of the Committee on Patents. I am not
fully prepared to state my conclusions on it.
I have taken some pains within the past day
or two to get proper information, and it is my
opinion this appropriation ought not to be
made; that it is much too large. This ma-
chine never saved the Government $90,000,or
one half of it, or one quarter; and 1 state that
as my opinion, as the result of the investigation
1 have made.
1 do not undertake to say that I absolutely
know that such is the fact. But it is my belief,
Mr. Chan man, that there is a little humbug,
if I may use that word, going on here, and
that it does not lall very much short of being
a swindle, although the amount now asked for
is less than I have heretofore heard was
claimed.
I have some informa'ion coming from par-
ties who have used this machine, and that
information goes to the point that there has
been an effort made heie on the part of those
interested in pushing this business in order
to make the tallying increase over the amount
of tabying beiore tbis machine was used.
Now, 1 understand that there is no fair com-
parison between the tallyings under this ma-
chine and former efforts, because they did
not use sheets which could afford a fair and
suitable test; and I undertake to give it as
my opinion from the little examination which
I have been able to make of the suhjict, that
this machine will result in a failure m the end.
The difficulty with the former tallying was
that they did not use the proper kind of sheet.
1 will say further that 1 have been informed,
although 1 am not positive that it is ihe fact,
that the tallying which has been done by this
machine has not been complete; that it has
not been done in the manner it was done
before the machine was used; that the re-
capitulations have been left, to be done after-
ward, and that the correction of errors has
been left to be done afterward; and I am
informed that they are now doing a large
amount of work which does not go into the
schedule which they now make up, but which
did go into the schedule as made up before
this famous machine was used; and I am
informed that it is a matter of diffienhy now
to correct these errors, because in hurrying
the business in order to m tke the number of
pages large, they have passed by tbem, and it
is difficult to find where the errors exist.
As I said at the outset. I was about pursu-
ing this investigation further if the question
had not come up till to-morrow. But at
present I will say nothing further than to
