1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
on Foreign Affairs has had to wait its turn to
make the report, and if the subject is referred
now to the Committee on Appropriations, ac-
cording to the claim of that committee, it will
have to wait the turn of that committee to
make a report.
This, sir, is not an appropriation authorized
by standing law, and therefore t.hey have not
the same privilege in regard to it which they
have in regard to the general appropriation
bills of the House. This subject, involving an
appropriation, was referred, by order of the
House, to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
We have considered that subject, and we have
a right to report our views upon it to the House
and ask its judgment. The Committee on
Appropriations is responsible in no degree
whatever for ouraction, or for the action which
the House may take upon our report, and I
am sure if gentlemen understand this ques-
tion, and appreciate its great importance with
regard to the rights of the other committees
of the House, they will not take the course
recommended by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man will allow me a word or two?
Mr. BANKS. I will.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have no other
desire than that the House shall now settle its
own custom on this question. The gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] seems
to think that treaties form an exception to the
rule. Now, I desire to ask the members of
this House whether, when the Committee on
Indian Affairs shall report about some Indian
treaty, and the amount required under it, they
think those treaties and the appropriations
under them should be considered by the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs alone, and not go to
the Committee on Appropriations ? •
Among the general appropriation bills which
the Committee on Appropriations is ordered
to prepare and report to this House is a bill
making appropriations for consular and diplo-
matic expenditures. Now, I wish to call the
attention of members to the fact that this is
just one of the items of our diplomatic ex-
, penditures. And if the Committee on Appro-
priations are not to have general control of
that class of appropriations, so that wo may
know, with all the items before us, whether
we can afford to give this amount to this pur-
pose, it seems to me we shall be called upon
to act in some cases without the proper knowl-
edge to enable us to act intelligently. I only
want to know from the House, by its action
upon this subject, what they desire to be the
rule. If the Committee on Military Affairs,
for instance, shall be allowed to ask for a
special appropriation for some special object,
and it shall then be acted upon by the House
upon their recommendation, then I do not see
how we of the Committee on Appropriations
can have any intelligent control of the whole
subject of military expenditures when we come
to report our general military bill.
I am clear that the Committee on Foreign
Affairs had a perfect right, under the direction
of the House, to consider this subject. But it
seems to me that in order to secure a proper
settlement and adjustment of our business, in
relation to the whole expenditures of our Gov-
ernment, the Committee on Appropriations
should be allowed to take this bill and con-
sider it, and report it back, when we shall have
the greatest pleasure in delivering it over again
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs for their
management in the House. Bat it seems to
me that, in order to secure an intelligent con-
sideration of our duty, we should understand
this bill, have it put upon our records in the
Committee on Appropriations, so that we may
know the amount of money involved in it. I
hope the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Bakks] will consent to have this bill referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, for we
shall certainly be able to report it back very
soon.
Mr. WOOD. It appears to me that there
are grave practical difficulties in the way of
the suggestion of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Garfield.] If it shall be considered
desirable to establish the precedent in this
case, (because it will be a precedent entirely
novel and new,) it will involve two methods,
either of which is calculated to perhaps defeat
legislation, certainly to delay it indefinitely.
The gentleman asks that two committees may
be authorized to investigate and act upon and
conclude and report upon the same subject.
After the question has been referred to a com-
mittee, and that committee has gravely con-
sidered it, reported favorably upon it, reported
a bill to appropriate the necessary money to
carry out the purpose, then, under his sugges-
tion, it would have to go to the Committee on
Appropriations, which would be obliged to go
through the same labor, and probably would
reach a different conclusion, and perhaps an
erroneous one, and thus defeat the appropri-
ation entirely.
Now, it has ever been the practice of Con-
gress to clothe certain committees with cer-
tain rights, authorizing them to report bills
that involve the necessity of appropriating
money. The Committee of Claims does it,
the Committee on Military Affairs does it, the
Committee on Invalid Pensions and the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs do it, and other com-
mitteesdoit. Now, ifit be trueand ifit be cor-
rect that all those com mittees are to have their
investigations reviewed by the Committee on
Appropriations, who are also to be clothed with
the power of investigation and determination,
for otherwise the reference to that committee
will not be of any practical importance, then
we will not be able to legislate at all, on many
subjects at least.
It so happens that in this particular ease the
delay asked for by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] is virtually to produce a grave
and serious complication in the operations of
this Government. Now, it is desirable under
this treaty that this money shall be appropri-
ated before our adjournment next week for the
holiday recess. We do not know the results
that may grow out of delay upon our part in
appropriating the necessary money which,
under the treaty already made and ratified by
the two Governments, we are, nolens volens,
compelled to make sooner or later.
This subject has been considered by the Com-
mittee ou Foreign Affairs. It has been labo-
riously considered; and every item of expendi-
ture involved in the appropriation has been
duly weighed, criticized, and concluded upon.
As I understand the present proposition, it is
to take the subject away from that committee
and refer it to the Committee on Appropria-
tions, already overburdened with their legiti-
mate work, to have them go through the same
process, and probably reach a conclusion some
time in January or February.
But, sir, aside from this particular ease, I
am opposed to the practice sought to be intro-
duced, because it would lead to the delay, and
probably the defeat, of propositions which are
meritorious and important.
Mr. NIBLACK. I submit the question of
order, whether, under the rules, this bill does
not necessarily go to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, to receive
its first consideration?
The SPEAKER. This prolonged discussion
the Chair understands to be really upon a
point of order. A single objection to the con-
sideration of any bill containing an appropria-
tion, no matter from what committee, carries
the bill to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
Mr. BANKS. We do not ask to have the
bill considered now; we only want to make
arrangements for its consideration.
Mr. NIBLACK. At the proper time 1 shall
press the point of order.
The SPEAKER. The right to make that
point is reserved, of course.
Mr. BANKS. I yield to the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Campbell. ]
Mr. CAMPBELL. 1 have but a word to
say on this question. It seems to me, Mr.
Speaker, that the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations takes a very correct view
of this question. That committee is to a great
extent responsible to the House for the
amount of appropriations which may be rec-
ommended. It will be borne in mind that in
former years the entire question of raising rev-
enue, whether by tariffs or taxation, as Well as
the making ofappropriations, was concentrated
within the jurisdiction of the Committee of
Ways and Means, for the reason that it was
deemed proper that that committee should be
constantly advised, fromday to day, as it were,
as to the resources and condition of the Treas-
ury and the amounts of money recommended to
be appropriated. The large increase in the
labors of that committee has led to a division
of the responsibility. The Committee of Ways
and Means is now charged simply With the
duty of examining questions pertaining to the
raising of revenue, while the responsibility for
appropriations is left mainly to the Committee
on Appropriations.
In former years, ifthe Committee on Military
Affairs desired any appropriation for the Army
in addition to those recommended by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, the proposition was
considered in the first place by the Committee
on Military Affairs and afterward referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means. So with ap-
propriations recommended by the Committee
on Naval Affairs and other committees. This
practice was pursued with the view of keeping
the Committee of Ways and Means informed
from time to time as to the extent of the drafts
that were about to be made upon the Treasury.
Now it may seem very proper, at this stage of
the session, that the Committee on Foreign
Affairs should act upon this question directly;
but if that privilege be accorded to this commit-
tee, every other committee of the House will
be asking the same privilege; and the result
will be, that while the Committee on Appro-
priations are nominally responsible for the
appropriations recommended to the House,
their responsibility will in fact be taken away.
One word more. Near the close of the ses-
sion, as every old member will bear testimony,
large amounts of appropriations are brought
in without time for careful consideration or
investigation; and it strikes me that if you
open the door in this general way disastrous
consequences will result in practice.
Mr. BANKS. I yield to the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Hale.]
Mr. HALE. I do not understand, Mr.
Speaker, that the Committee on Appropria-
tions is in any degree opposed, as the matter
stands at present, to this appropriation, or
that it seeks to delay in any way action upon
the subject. As has been said by the chair-
man, the committee will meet to-morrow and
may consider the question at once, may report
back the bill and put it under the control of
the Committee on Foreign Affairs that has had
it thus far.
A consideration occurs to me which seems
of importance to the House. The committees
for the different Departments are to a degree
the organs of those different Departments. I
know that to be so from some experience in the
last Congress as a member of the Committee
on Naval Affairs. I know that it was looked
upon as the organ of the Navy Department,
which it represented in this House. So I pre-
sume the Committee on Foreign Affairs, under
the able management of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] may be consid-
ered as the organ of the State Department, as
the Committee on Military Affairs may be
considered to be the organ of the War Depart-
ment. The Committee on Appropriations is
the organ of this House. The tendency of
every other committee is to push forward mat
tcrs for the easy running of the several Depart-
