1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3659
repeat that in my opinion this appropriation
should not be made.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I move toaraend
the amendment by striking out the last word.
I do this simply for the purpose of saying that
I have had some occasion to look, not at this
particular patent machine, for which we are
asked to pay a large sum, but at a good many
similar cases; ana while 1 can add nothing to
the statement of the gentleman from New
Hampshire [Mr. Hibbaud] as to this particu-
lar matter, 1 can say this with great emphasis,
that in ninety-nine cases Out of a hundred
the showingmadehereisagrossly exaggerated
one in regard to claims of this kind for the
use of a patent. For myself, I am opposed
to the whole business.
An individual gets up some sort of con-
trivance which he thinks will benefit some-
body, and which may or may not be claimed
to do so. He comes to the Government and
gets a patent right, which is a raonopiy, pure
and simple. We give him the right foralargc
number of years to go out into the community
and to speculate on this thing; and we all
know that this privilege is used in a great
many instances vastly to the injury ot the
public. But whatever it may be worth he has
got this privilege from the public. The Gov-
ernment of'tlie United States grants him this
great advantage. It takes from the public the
right it would otherwise have to use this with-
out. compensation at all, and gives the patentee
the right to make what he can out ot it. As
soon as he gets this monopoly in his hands,
he comes to the Government and says, 11 Now
I have got a claim on you for the use of this
improvementand having got the Govern-
ment to use his patent he asks us to pay him
for it.
It seems to me, Mr. Chairman, that it ought
to be a very clear and a very strong case in
which we should do that. I do not say but
there might be such a case, but I should want
to examine the matter very carefully, and
know of a certainty that the advantage alleged
to have been enjoyed by the Government had
been gained, because there is in point of prin-
ciple. I am sure, a very strong objection to it.
I wish myself, and I will vote for it whenever
I can' get an opportunity, and I shall try to fur-
nish one some time or other if I stay here much
longer, that we could put a clause into every
patent issued that it shall not be made the
ground woik of any claim against the Govern-
ment of the United States, which grants the
right to the patentee, who takes his monopoly
and goes abroad among the community and
makes bis profit from the public, and then
comes back here and hounds us from one end
of the session to the other to pay him for his
monopoly.
Mr. SARGENT. There is a difference, if
there is anything in the distinction which the
gentleman diaws, between a patent which goes
into general use, where the patentee is largely
remunerated lor his inventive genius, as in the
case of the sewing-machine, and inventions of
destructive weapons of war, or torpedoes, which
can only be used by the Government.
Now, here is a taliying-machine, which can
be used lor nothing whatever except the tally-
ing of the census. It was invented for that
special purpose; it has been used (or that
purpose by the Government, and has saved a
great many thousand dollars to the Govern-
ment,
I have not seen the gentleman who made
this invention ; if my recollection serves me
he was not before the Committee on Appro-
priations; but the Superintendent of the Cen-
sus, General "Walker—and a more honorable
gentleman i do not know—came before the
committee at our request, and laid the facts
bef'oie us. He has furnished to the committee
two letters bearing upon the subject, and in
order to show the good faith of (he committee
in offering this amendment, I desire to have
those letters read, showing the results of the
use of this machine; and those results, I
believe, fully justify the statement I made of
the saving effected under it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Interior,
Census Omen.
Washington, D. C., March. 11,1872.
Sir: Under date of the 15th of February X had the
honor to recommend the appropriation of §30,000 in
compensation for the use of a taliying-machine pat-
ented to C. V. Seaton, formerly a clerk in this office.
At that time I was able to give the results of only
four weeks' work, being weeks mainly of initiation
and experiment. I am now able to add the results
of four weeks additional.
The daily averages of the entire force engaged
from the beginning have been as follows for each
of the eight weeks during winch the machine has
been used:
First week   50 pages.
Second week 54.5 pages.
Third week 6S.5 pages.
Fourth week   63 pages.
Fifth week   71.75 pages.
Sixth week 70 pages.
Seventh week     75 5_ pages.
Eighth week 7S.75 pages.
I estimate thesaviug by the use of the machine
on the work already done at not less than $32,000,
or more than the entire appropriation asked in com-
pensation to the patentee.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
F. A. WALKER,
Acting Superintendent.
Hon. Jasies A. Garfield, Chairman, of the 0' nmittee
on Appropriations, United States House of ltepre-
sentativts.
Mr. SARGENT. _ That saving of $32,000
was up to a certain period. X now ask the
Clerk to read the other letter.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department of the Interior.
Census Office,
Washington, D. c., may 14, 1872.
Sir: Respectfully referring to the subject of our
conversation tbid morning, I would say that up to
the 6th ot January of the presont year there had
been tallied by hand 427.659 pages of the " age and
sex" schedule, involving an expenditure of If, 931
days'work, From the(khto the 19i.li of January
no work on this schedule was performed, awaitiug
the introduction of the Seaton machine. Since the
29th of January there have been tallied by the
Seaton machine 703.346 pages ot "age and sex,"
involving an expenditure of 8,471 days of clerical
work.
To havetallied the 702,348 pages remaining Janu-
aiy 20 by band, would have required 24,560 days' work,
showing a saving by the use of this machine of
16,403 days.
I am free to say, however, that X regard this sav-
ing of time as of even more importance with ref-
erence to the date of publication than with refer-
ence to the diminution of expenditure. Consider-
ing that the census costs over three million dol-
lars, and that it is only for three or four years
that its results m;iy be taken as even approxi-
mately exhibiting the condition of the country, its
numbers, resources, &c., it seems to me clear that
every month saved in publication may fairly be
regarded as worth many thou-ands of dollars. But
for the use of this machine, the date of final pub-
lication for the statistics of the census must have
been postponed at least six months.
Very respectfully, your obedient, servant.
F. A. WALKER,
Acting Superintendent.
Hon. A. A. Sakgent,
United States llov.se of JZepresentatives.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan. I withdraw my
formal amendment to the amendment.
The question recurred on the amendment
reported by Mr. Sargent from the Committee
on Appropriations, and beingput, there were—
ayes 45, noes 50 ; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chairman
appointed Mr. Sakgent and Mr. Randall to
act as tellers.
Mr. SARGENT. I decline to act as teller.
I prefer to be loose. This is as just a claim
as there ever was.
Mr. RANDALL. I would like to be loose
too. [Laughter.] I am on the side of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. SARGENT. You cannot be on the
side of the Government when you refuse to pay
an honest debt.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not suppose the Gov-
ernment can be called upon to pay a debt in a
ease where there is no claim on the Govern-
ment.
The CHAIRMAN then appointed Mr. Gar-
field, of Ohio, and Mr. Dox as tellers.
The committee divided; and no quorum voted.
Mr. BANKS. I move the committee do
now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Wheel-
er reported that the "Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union had, according to
order, had under consideration the bill (EL
R. No. 2706) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the fiscal
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses, and had come to no conclusion thereon.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 desire to
move that the following paragraph may be in
order 
The SPEAKER. The gentleman need not
insist on that motion now, as it will be in order
to suspend the rules at any time henceforth.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the House take
a recess until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. RANDALL. I rose to make that
motion.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
(S. No. 691) giving the assent, of Congress to
the subsciiption ot the District of Columbia
to the stock of the Piedmont and Potomac
Railroad Company, when the Speaker sigued
ihe same.
LEAVE Of ABSENCE.
By unanimous consent, leave of absence was
granted to Mr. Voorhees for the remainder
of the session.
leave to print,
Mr. SLOSS asked and obtained leave to
print in the Globe some remarks on the report
of the joitit Select Committee on the Insurrec-
tionary States. [See Appendix.]
withdrawal of papbrs.
On motion of Mr. TOWNSEND, of Penn-
sylvania, by unanimous consent, leave was
gtanted for the withdrawal from the files of
the House of the papers in the case of John
Cleghorn.
tariff.
Mr. BI GGS asked and obtained leave to have
published in the Globe some remarks he had
prepared upon the tariff and tax bill this day
passed by the House. [See Appendix.]
ordrr of business.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
motion to take a recess.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.)the
House took a recess until half past seven p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The recess having expired, the House re-
sumed its session at half past seven p. m.
tariff and tax bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to
state that in making the engrossed copy of the
tariff and tax bill passed by the House to-day
under a suspension of the rules the Clerk
desires to include in the ninety per cent, sec-
tion the various items at the same rate incor-
porated by the Committee of the Whole in
subsequent portions of the bill. If there be
no objection to that arrangement the Clerk
will be so authorized. The Chair hears no
objection. The Chair will indicate the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts £Mr. Daives] and
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerii,]
members of the Committee of Ways and
Means, to look over the bill before it is
engrossed, and see that it is made to corre-
spond with the action of the Committee of the
\Vhole.
Mr. RANDALL. That will give those
gentlemefi no discretion at all.
