1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1867.
help them to do exactly that which the State
of New York created them to do. What like-
ness is there between such a measure as that
and a bill to create a corporation to violate
the laws of the State of New York ?
Mr. COX. My friend must not get indig-
nant. He looks indignant, but he should not
be,-for the simple reason that this is simply a
bill particularly for the purpose of assisting
trade. I think I can understand a little what
the opposition to this bill may mean on the
part of some. If it shall pass, this company
may come in collision and competition with
t.he Pacific Mail Steamship Company. I am
not prepared to say about that. All I am pre-
pared to say is what I said yesterday.
Mr. POTTER. If so, I will not object to
the gentleman voting a subsidy to it when-
ever it shall become for the public interest to
increase its service.
Mr. COX. I do not vote for any subsidy.
Mr. POTTER. No, not even when it is to
further the public interest especially.
Mr. COX. I will not vote for anything that
will impede or interfere with commerce be-
tween the States, with the interests ofthepeo-
pie or the Treasury of the United States. I
am for free trade. I am for having our people
go out to all the world to carry on commerce.
I do not object to corporations per se. My
colleague [Mr. PottebJ has voted and votes
again for corporations. -
Mr. POTTER.. Havel voted to create one
by Congress? No, never one.
Mr. COX. Congress itself is a corporation
in one sense ; it is a combination ot' people.
The United States Government is a corpora-
tion under the Constitution. We are all cor-
porate—some of us corpus delicti on some
questions. I wish to say to my colleague that
no case where we could assist foreign com-
merce was ever so plain, so clearly devoid of
all irregularity and all constitutional objec-
tion, as this. The trouble with some of my
Democratic friends in this House is not that
they vote millions of dollars out of the
Treasury, for we only had about a dozen to
do that yesterday, but because in driving their
strict construction of the Constitution so hard
and so fast, and ou inopportune occasious, they
lose the true emphasis that belongs to the
Democratic doctrine.
Mr. LYNCH. I yield to my colleague,
[Mr. Peters.]
Mr. BANKS. I rise to a question of order.
The gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Lynch,]
according to the practice of the House, has
the right to yield to other members, but he has
not the right to yield to any member to speak
twice during his boar. The iules of the House
preclude a member from speaking twice with-
out the consent of the House. I raise that
point.
Mr. PETERS. That is brand-new doctrine.
[Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman having
the right to yield, has the right to yield alt his
time, if he chooses, to another member.
Mr. BANKS. Unquestionably he has ; but
when parceling out the floor in this way, he
has not the right, under the rules of the House,
to yield to one member two or three times to
speak in his hour.
The SPEAKER. That is a matter within the
discretion of the member yielding, not of the
Chair, as the gentleman from Massachusetts
roust see.
Mr. BANKS. If the Chair makes it a mat-
ter of discretion, I have nothing to say.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not desire
to be misunderstood. The practice of " farm-
ing out" the floor, as it is terrfied, is well es-
tablished. A gentleman having the right to
the floor for an hour may .yield it absolutely
according to his own discretion.
Mr. PETERS. That has been stated from
the chair a thousand times since I have been
in Congress. [Laughter.] Mr. Speaker, the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Potter]
makes the objection that the stockholders of
this company should be personally liable; and
I understand him to assert that that is the
statute requirement of the State of New York.
If it is, I think that only two or three States
of the Union still retain upon their statute-
books such a provision.
Mr. POTTER. Is that a reason why Con-
gress should override it in the States retain-
ing it?
Mr. PETERS. It shows that the State of
New York in this respect, as in some others,
is behind the age in its civilization and its
law. 1 wish to say that so many amendments
are proposed to this bill, that I hope my col-
league [Mr. Lynch] will have it recommitted.
Mr. BANKS. 1 desire the privilege of ofl'er-
ing an amendment, to which, I am sure, no one
will object.
Mr. LYNCH. I yield to the gentleman for
an amendment.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend by insert-
ing after the word "only," in the fourth line
of the third section, the following:
And books shall l>e opened for public subscription
to said stock, and the stockholders shall be person-
ally liable for all debts of such corporation.
This embodies in the bill the very propo
sition which the gentleman from Maine has
suggested.
Mr. PETERS. That is not the law of Massa-
chusetts to-day.
Mr. BANKS. The amendment simply pro-
vides that the corporation created under this
bill shall be subject to the same obligations
that would rest upon individuals. It is proper
the bill should be put in this form. Massa-
chusetts never charters a company, except to
do business over which it has jurisdiction.
Mr. PETERS. It charters companies to do
business in Maine.
Mr. BANKS. Not at all. Let me say that
every State has a right to exclude from its
borders agents of a corporation created by
another State, or to subject a foreign corpora-
tion doing business within its borders to tax-
ation or any other burdens which it may choose
to impose. This is a proposition to create a
corporation to do business out of the jurisdiction
of the United States in foreign countries, pro-
hibiting it at the same time from doing business
in the United States. It is a proposition to cre-
ate a corporation to issue bonds and all sorts
of promissory notes which are to be circulated
as currency m foreign countries, and for which
the Government of the United States will be
responsible, but prohibiting it at the same time
from being circulated in the United States.
Mr. LYNCH. I will now yield to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoar] lor
the purpose of offering an amendment; but
before doing so, I wish to say that I feel no
particular interest in this bill. I merely re-
ported it from the Committee on Commerce.
I considered it a harmless bill, and am very
much surprised at the discussion elicited here.
It went through the Committee on Commerce
with but one single objection on the part of
the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holjia}:,]
who has constitutional objections to all ot
these corporations, but who has no particular
objection otherwise to this bill. Inasmuch as
the bill has caused so much discussion, I wish
to ask that it shall be recommitted with the
pending amendments to the Committee on
Commerce.
Jilr. KERR. When in order I wish to move
that the bill and pending amendments shall
be laid upon the table.
Mr. LYNCH. I yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts to offer an amendment.
Mr. HOAR. I move to add to the first
section of the bill the following proviso :
Provided, That no business shall be carried on by
said corporation in any State, in violation of the
laws thereof, or which like corporations are_ not
authorized by the laws of any State to do therein.
Mr. KERR. I now move that the bill and
pending amendments be laid upon the table.
Mr. LYNCH. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw that motion, and let the bill and
pending amendments be recommitted.
Mr. KERR. No; I insist on my motion.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
one hundred and live, noes not counted.
So the bill and pending amendments were
laid upon the table.
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill and pending amendments were
laid on the table ; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MAIL STEAMSHIP SEUVIC1S WITII MKXICO.
Mr. SHELDON, from the Committee on
Commerce, reported back a bill (H. It. No.
56) authorizing mail steamship service in
the Gulf of Mexico between the port of New-
Orleans, Louisiana, and certain ports in the
republic of Mexico, with amendments, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read.
Mr. RANDALL. I rise to a point of order
on that bill, that it. provides for paying money
out of the Treasury, fixing the maximum at
$100,000.
Mr. SHELDON. It does not appropriate
money out of the Treasury.
Mr. RANDALL. It provides that money
shall be paid for this mail steamship service,
and it provides that it shall not be in excess
of a certain amount.
Mr. SHELDON. I beg the gentleman's
pardon ; but, the bill does not appropriate any
money at all.
Mr." RANDALL. I listened to the reading
of the bill, and such is my impression, i
make the point of order, and refer to the fourth
section, where _it is provided that the amount
shall not exceed §100,000 per annum for ten
years.
Mr. SHELDON. It appropriates no money
whatever.
Mr. L. MYERS. According to my col-
league, then, the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds could report no bills appro-
priating money.
Mr. RANDALL. And I hope they never
will unless they are appropriate and just.
The SPEAKER. On what sections does
the gentleman make his point of order?
Mr. RANDALL. On the third and fourth
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read those
sections of the bill again..
The Clerk read as follows :
Shc. 3. That the Postmaster General and the other
named parties to this contract be, and are hereby,
authorized to make such changes, adding to or leav-
ing out such Mexican ports as the interest of the
Post Office Department and the general intercourse
of the two countries may require: Provided farther,
That the Postmaster General be, and is hereby, au-
thorized to pay to the contractors a reasonable com-
pensation for the first eighteen calendar months tor
any suitable vessel or vessels as may bo placed as
pioneers on the above route prior to the commence-
ment of the contract service herein provided tor.
Sec. 4. That the said eontractshall bo for a period
not exceeding ten years, and shall not involve upon
the part of the Government of the United States an
expenditure exceeding $100,000 per annum.
The SPEAKER. How is the Postmaster
General to pay this money?
Mr. SHELDON. It is a law authorizing
him to make a contract, and it depends entirely
on future legislation for the appropriation ol"
the money to enable him to comply with the
terms of that contract.
Mr. RANDALL. It provides for the pay-
ment of money, and slates that the maximum
amount shall not exceed $100,000. It that
be not an appropriation, I do not know what
an appropriation is.
The SPEAKER. The point of parliament-
ary law is this: that all bills appropnatmg
money or levying taxes shall have their hrst
consideration'in the Committee of the Whole.
A bill which appropriates money is that which
by its own force, by the force of its own pro-
visions, shall take money out of the Treasury.
The Chair cannot doubt, if that bill shoald
