2764
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
A bill (II. R. No. 2555) granting a pension
to Robert S. Dumont;
A bill (H. R. No. 2556) granting a pension
to Jane Thompson and Margaret Thompson;
A bill (H. R. No. 2557) granting a pension
to William D. Boyd ;
A bill (H. R. No. 2558) granting a pension
to Elizabeth Jones;
A bill (H. R. No. 2559) granting a pension
to Henry A. White;
A bill (H. R. No. 2560) granting a pension
to Eliza Civille;
A bill (H. R. No. 2561) granting a pension
to Edward Tucker;
A bill (H. R. No. 2562) granting a pension
to John Fink ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2563) granting a pension
to William E. Farley and John M. Farley;
The message further announced that the
House had passed the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 856) granting a pension to
Eliza Whiting;
A bill (S. No. 954) granting a pension to
William Hutchinson, minor son of Joseph
Hutchinson, deceased; and
A bill (S. No. 989) granting a pension to
John Carbaugh, a private of company A, forty-
sixth regiment Pennsylvania volunteers.
The message also announced that the House
has passed the bill (S. No. 955) granting a
pension to Mary Ann Montgomery, widow of
William W. Montgomery, late a private in
Texas volunteers, with amendments; in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
1SNUOLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message likewise announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 1930) relating to proposals
and contracts for transportation of the mails,
and for other purposes ; and it was thereupon
signed by the Vice President.
HOUSE BILLS KEFJSItlUCD.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that there arc ninety pension bills re-
ceived from the House of Representatives,
which should be laid before the Senate to-mor-
row morning. If that be done, instead of
their being referred now by unanimous consent,
it will involve the necessity of three or four
]>ages of journalizing, if there be no objec-
tion they will be considered as read twice
respectively, and referred, to the Committee
on Pensions. The Chair hears no objection,
and they are so referred.
, Mr. OSBORN submitted an amendment
intended to be proposed by him to the bill
(II. R. No. 2208) making appropriations for
the repair, preservation, and completion of
certain public works on rivers and harbors,
una for other purposes; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce, and ordered to
be printed.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter ot the Secretary of War, com-
municating, in compliance with a resolution of
the Senate, of April 19, 1872, the report of a
i?  !• en8lneerson the present condition of
the Mississippi river between St. Louis and
Alton; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
BOUNTY LAND FOR SOLDIERS.
Mi. BLAIR submitted the following resolu-
Printing " r6t'erred t0 the Cora™«ee on
Kr« doljument-
MFICIENCY APPKOl'RIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole
MSUT«£nlhe c??siderat'°n of the bill (H. It'
No. 16-54) making appropriations to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the Government for the fiscal year'
ending June 30, 1872, and for former years,
and for other purposes, the pending question
being on the amendment offered by Mr. Al-
corn to the amendment offered by Mr. Mor-
rill, of Vermont, to add to the latter the
following proviso :
Provided, That the provisions of this section shall
not extend to claims lor property seized or taken by
the military forces of the United States or any officer
of the same, or seized, taken, or impressed by any agent
or agents of the United States Government at any
time after the proclamation by the President ot the
United States declaring the war to have ceased ; but
claims for property so seized or taken may be pros-
ecuted before the Court of Claims by any citizen of
the United States at anytime within twelve months
from the approval of this act, and in all such cases
an appeal from the judgment of the Court ot Claims
shall be maintained.
Mr. ALCORN. I was awaiting the pleasure
of the Senator from California as to the ques-
tion of objecting to other business being trans-
acted. I am indifferent, so far as I am con-
cerned, whether the Senate proceed now with
the deficiency bill or postpone it to some other
time; and her.ee it is that I have yielded thus
quietly to the suggestions of gentlemen invit-
ing me to do so. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Nevada to desire the floor ? I see he
has risen.
Mr. NYE. I should like to pass a bill that
will take only ten minutes.
Mr. ALCORN. If there be no objection
from others I will yield.
Mr. COLE. I cannot consent.
Mr. COltBETT. I should like to have a
bill passed also.
Mr. NYE. I give notice that to-morrow
morning I will call attention to this bill to
which I have alluded.
Mr. ALCORN. Senators around me object
to my yielding, or I would be very willing as
far as I am concerned.
Mr. NYE. I am very thankful to the Sen-
ator from Mississippi, but his good intentions
are thwarted by others.
Mr. ALCORN. The amendment of the
Senator from Vermont is one that had escaped
my observation. I was not aware that an
amendment like that was pending until it was
read at the Clerk's desk yesterday; and the
amendment which I prepared was without a
distinct recollection in regard to the proc-
lamations of the President and the facts upon
which that amendment was based, it was
thrown in upon my general idea of the facts.
I find upon examination that it does not achieve
the end that 1 sought to attain, and therefore
I will with the consent of the Senate withdraw
that amendment.
ihe PRESIDING OBnFICER, (Mr. Pome-
koy in the chair.) The Senator from Missis-
sippi withdraws his amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. ALCORN. I will now move another
amendment to be added to the amendment of
the Senator from Vermont:
T,n^0n,iy,!(f'„That Provisions of this section shall
dere'd by the Court o? Claims.111 ™'S heretolore
Oneword upon this amendment. The Court
Ot Claims have gone forward, under the laws
ot Congress, and have adjudicated in favor of
claimants. Ihe Court of Claims held, under
the decision of the Supreme Court, that the
question of loyalty was one that need not be
pioven. Under the law of Congress it was
necessary, first, that the parties should prove
loyalty; next, that they should prove owner-
ship ; and next, that the money had gone into
the Ireasury of the United States. Those
tbree points it was nccessary to establish in
order to warrant a decision in favor of the
CourTlL nttelith? Vision of the Supreme
Court, the Court of Claims refused to hear
?onvVtvSTl V "r Prooft_uP°n question of
loyalty, holding that that question was not
necessary to be proved before the court; and
so it was that the Comt of Claims went for-
ward and adjudicated upon the two points
he question of ownership and the question of
in th T 6 motiey had taken> whether
v"0- I'^asury or not. Now, unless a pro-
vision of this sort is adopted the claims that
have already been adjudicated and the judg-
ments that have already been rendered cannot
be paid, and the legi.-lation of Congress will
assume the form of ex post facto legi.lation in
order to defeat the recovery of judgments that
| have been had under the law of Congress. I
:j hope the Senate will not resort to legislation
! of that character, but will adopt the proviso.
I ask for the yeas and nays upon it.
The yeas and nays weie ordered.
The Chief Cleik proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. CONKLING. I am opposed to this
amendmennt, but I am of the impression that
a pair which I have with the Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Thubmax] if he is not here might
cover it. Therefore I do not vote upon it.
He was here, but I do not see him now.
Mr. SAWYER. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from Vermont, Mr. Edmuxds, who would
vote against this amendment, and I should
vote for it.
Mr. BOREMAN. On the matters relating
to the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Morrill,] I am paix-ed with my
colleague, [Mr. Davis,] and I suppose the
pair would include the particular amendment
to the amendment ou which we are voting.
He would vote "yea," and I should vote
" nay."
Mr. PATTERSON. I withd raw my vote,
as I think I am paired with the Senator from
Delaware, Mr. Saullbury, which I did not
think of at the moment.
The result was then announced—yeas 26,
nays 20 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Bayard, Blair, Cas-
serly, Cooper, Ferry of Connecticut. Goldthwaite,
flamilranof Maryland, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan,
11)11, Kelly, Logan, Morton, Pool, Pratt, Ransom,
Robertson, Schurz, Stevenson, Stockton, 1'ipton,
lrumbiill, Vickers, and West—26.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron,
Carpenter, Chandler, Cole. Corbett, Cragin, Freling-
huysen, Gilbert, Hamlin, Hows, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Scott, Sher-
man, \J inclom, and Wright—20.
ABfeEjSTf Messrs. Anthony,Boreman, Brownlow,
Clayton, Conkhnsr, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of
West Virginia, Edmunds, Fenton, Ferry of Mich-
igan, ijlaiiagan, Hitchcock, Johnston, Keliogg,
Lewis, Norwood, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Rice,
Sauisbury, Sawyer, Spencer, Sprague, Stewart, Sum-
ner, Ihurman, and Wilson—28.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the amendment as amended.
SHERMAN, I desire to offer an
amendment of which I gave notice yesterday,
but if the Senator trom Mississippi has another
amendment to offer, I will wait.
Mr. ALCORN. I have another amendment
to offer by way of an additional section, but
not to this amendment.
The^ VICE PRESIDENT. This amend-
ment is not yet disposed of. The question
recurs on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont as amended by the Senator from
Mississippi.
Mr. SHERMAN. In pursuance of the
notice I gave yesterday, I move to strike out
tlielast clause of the amendment, "nor with-
out a special appropriation therefor thereafter
to be made by Congress." I will state to the
benate that, in my judgment, this clause is
unnecessary, will not give us any safeguard
against any improper payments of judgments,
ana is an onerous, burdensome condition to
ei"u' u^0,u loyal claimants who have fairly
honestly proven iheir claims in the Court
ot Uaims. After a party alleging his loyalty, .
p oving Ins loyalty, has gone to the Court of
Ulaims,and after a long litigation, which must
have been depending now for at least four
years, has obtained a judgment, to require
01 to wait again the long deiay of an act of
ongress or the possible objections that may
oe made to a,n appropriation by Congress, is
unreasonable requirement. That, used to
be the law m regard to the Court of Claims,
nd continued the law for several years. It
Wda found necessary afterward to repeal it,
so ttiat now the judgment of the Court of
