3660
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
The SPEAKER. Not the slightest. Their
only duty will be to see that the bill is en-
grossed so as to correspond precisely with the
record of the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Will they be able
to go at the work to-night ?
The SPEAKER. The bill is nearly en-
grossed now. The only rearrangement desired
was this: several articles were made subject
to ninety per cent, of the present rate of duty,
and it was deemed desirable to include them
all in the ninety per cent, section. The gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawks] has
already been looking over the bill. The Chair
proposed to include with him in that duty a
gentleman on the other side, the gentleman
from Indiana.
Mr. BURCHARD. The gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] I understand is now sick.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair will name
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck,] a
member of the Committee of Ways and Means.
james a. m'culloh.
Mr. BURCHARD. I am instructed by the
Committee of Ways and Means, to whom was
referred the House bill No. 1001, for the relief
of James A. McCulloh, late collector of the
fifth district of Missouri, to report a substitute
for the same for consideration at this time.
The SPEAKER The substitute will be
treated as an original bill and read, after which
the Chair will ask for objection if any.
The bill was read. It directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury to credit
the account of James A. McCulloh, late col
lector of the fifth district of Missouri, with such
sum as may be shown by satisfactory parole
proof, or other proper evidence, to have been
uncollected on the assessment lists transferred
by him t(> his successor in office, and which
were destroyed by fire while in the hands of
his successor.
There being no objection, the bill (H. R. No.
2852) was received, and read a first and second
time.
Mr. RANDALL. Is there any report in
this case?
Mr. BURCIIARD. There is.
Mr. RANDALL. Let it be read, then.
Mr. BURCHARD. The original bill spe-
cified a given amount, $7,814 90. The Com-
mittee ot' Ways and Means, instead of recom-
mending the allowance of that specific amount,
recommend the allowance of such a sum as
Mr. McCulloh shall be able to prove satisfac-
torily was covered by the lists destroyed.
Mr. LYNCH. I think the bill had better be
amended so as to provide that the sum allowed
shall not exceed that named in the original bill.
Mr. BURCHARD. I have no objection to
such an amendment.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to amend by insert-
ing the words "not exceeding $7,814 90."
Mr. BURCHAliD. I have no objection to
that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to; and the bill,
as amended, was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BURCHARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
oil the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BURCHARD. I move that the report
accompanying this bill be printed in the Globe.
The motion was agreed to.
The report, is as follows:
Mr. Bduchakd, from the Committee of Ways and
Means, made the following report:
The Committee ot' Ways and Means, to whom was
referred House bill No. 1001, bemga bill for the re-
lief ol James A. McCulloh, late collector of the fifth
district ot Missouri, respeotfully report that J. A.
McCulloh was collector of internal revenue of the
fifth district of Missouri, and was removed October
22,1866, He was directed to turn over his tax lists
to his successor. The amount at that time out-
standing and unaccounted for upon the assessment
lists receipted for by Mr. McCulloh was $50,533 45, of
which there has been collected by his* successor
837,809 17, and abated by the Internal Revenue Com-
missioner, as uncolleotable, $1,899 80; still to be col-
lected by Mr. McCulloh's successor, $8,129 48. By
the regulations of the Treasury Department an out-
going collector is not upon their transfer credited
with the amount upon the liste, but the same re-
mains charged against him until collected by his
successor. The amount uncollected on said lists
($8,129 48) stands charged to Mr. McCulloh, as late
collector, and suit has been commenced.
By the rules of the Department Mr. McCulloh was
required to state what amount he considered col-
lectable, and what uncolleotable. He made such
statement, representing that of the $50,538 45 the
sum of $43,323 36 he considered collectable, and
$5,215 07 as uncollectable. The latter sum has been
nearly all abated. While these assessment lists
wore in the possession of and being collected by the
successor they were consumed by fire, which de-
stroyed the collector's office and contents on the 6th
of November, 1867.
On the 10th of January, A. D. 1871, by a fire which
consumed the assessor's office of that district, the
duplicate copies of these same lists were destroyed,
so that there is now in existence no reoords or other
written evidence under the control of the Depart-
ment to determine what portion of the amount now
outstanding and unaccounted for on lists of Mr.
McCulloh has been collected by him, or what part
of this amount might properly be abated to him as
uncollected. Mr. McCulloh, by proper diligence
and compliance with the directions of the Depart-
ment perhaps during the existence of these rec-
ords might have obtained an abatement, in part at
least, of tho amount charged against him; but your
committee believe that he should not be held to
account for uncollected taxes up^n lists in the hands
of his successor, unless it appears that the sums
claimed by the Government had been collected by
Mr. McCulloh, or remained uncollected through
his fault or negligence.
The committee therefore rocommend the passage
of the following substitute for the bill referred to
the committee.
john colter.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. I ask unanimous
consent to report from the Committee on the
Judiciary a bill which has been unanimously
agreed to by that committee. It is House bill
No. 2286, for the relief of John Colter.
The bill was read for information. It pro-
poses to relieve John Colter from an assess-
ment of $4,414 40 made against him in the
fifth revenue district of the State of Indiana
in and for the month of August, A. D. 1870,
for deficiency of return of distilled spirits,
commonly known as deficiency tax, and that
any suit or other proceeding now pending
against him for the collection thereof be
directed to be dismissed or discontinued.
Mr. DUNNELL. Is there a report accom-
panying this bill?
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana. There is an affi-
davit of the assessor and deputy assessor of
the district, showing all the facts of the case.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Indiana, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
business 01? banking committee.
Mr. WALDRON. On behalf of the Com-
mittee on Banking and Currency, I ask that
Monday evening of next week be assigned for
business of that committee.
Mr. RANDALL. I objject.
Subsequently Mr. Randall withdrew his
objection.
Th,e SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Waldron] renews his request that
next Monday evening be set apart for business
from the Committee on Banking and Currency.
Mr. KILLINGER. I must object until gen-
tlemen of the Committee on Appropriations
and the Committee of Ways and Means come
in, because it may be important that we should
have a session next Monday evening for public
business.
obdbu op business.
Mr. RANDALL. I call for the regular
order.
The SPEAKER. The business in order
this evening is the consideration of reports
from the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. WILLARD. I ask unanimous consent
that the bill (H. R. No. 2568) for the relief
of John Black, late consul of the United States
at the city of Mexico, which bill was reported
by the Committee on Foreign Affairs on a
former occasion, and was sent to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the Private Calendar,
may be taken up and considered in the House
at the present time.
Mr. HOLMAN. Before we decide upon
taking up the bill I should be glad to hear the
report read.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holman] reserves the right to
object alter the report has been read.
Mr. PERCE. I object absolutely.
creditors of republic of texas.
Mr. WILLARD. I am directed by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs to report ad-
versely upon the joint resolution (H. R. No.
83/ extending the time in which creditors of
the late republic of Texas may file their
claims at the Treasury Department, and to
move that the bill be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid on the table;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
c. o. shepard.
Mr. WILLARD. By direction of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, I report adversely
upon the bill (H. R. No. 851) to empower C.
O. Shcpard, charge d'affaires at Japan, to
draw his salary as such officer, and move that
the bill be laid on the table.
-The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid on the table ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
united states minister at japan.
Mr. BANKS. I have been directed by
the Committee on Foreign Affairs to report
adversely upon the bill (H. R. No. 2122) to
authorize the minister of the United States at
the Court of Japan to represent the Govern-
ment of Hawaii at that Court. I move that
the bill be laid on the table ; but before the
question is taken, I ask that the bill be read.
The bill, which was read, recites that the
Government of Hawaii has requested of the
Government of the United States that Charles
E. De Long, envoy extraordinary and minister
plenipotentiary of the United States of America
to the Court of Japan, should be authorized to
represent the Government of Hawaii at the
Court of Japan, and that he has been com-
missioned and accredited as such representa-
tive. The bill therefore authorizes Charles
E. De Long to act as the representative of the
Government of Hawaii at the Court of Japan;
such authority to date back to the time of the
request of the Government of Hawaii.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, it was not the
wish of Minister De Long, but it was the
request of the Hawaiian Government, that
he should be allowed to act as minister of
Hawaii at the Court of Japan, while continuing
to act as minister of the United States. The
Committee on Foreign Affairs, on considera-
tion of this question, regarded this double
office was incompatible both in the nature of
the offices and under the provisions of the
Constitution. The diplomatic representative
of this Government in Japan is a representa-
tive of a sovereign, and could not be divided
with another sovereign. The Constitution
provides that no officer of this Government
should be permitted to hold an office bestowed
on him by another Government. On every con-
sideration it was deemed best the committee
should report adversely. I move it be laid
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
