18*72.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
U
42d Gong....2d Sess.
Mights of Citizens—Mr. Thurman.
Senate.
nights of Citizens of the United States.
SPEECH OF HON. A. Gt. THURMAN,
of ohio,
In the Senate or the United States,
February 6, 1872.
The Senate having resumed the consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 380) for the removal of political
disabilities, and Mr. Sumner having moved his sup-
plementary civil rights bill as an amendment, and
Mr. Carpenter having moved a substitute for said
amendment—
Mr. THURMAN said:
Mr. President : It was not my purpose to
gay anything atthis stage of the debate ; but,
on reflection-, I think 1 may as well submit
some views that I entertain, now, as to do so
at a later period.
My colleague has touched a very important,
nay a vital question, one that I humbly con-
ceive has not been carefully considered; and
that question is, what are the rights, privileges,
and immunities of a citizen of the United
States, and where is the source or fountain of
these rights, privileges, and immunities. My
colleague says that these are not rights given
by the Constitution of the United States; and, in
a certain sense, that statement is correct; not,
however, universally correct, because there
is one right of an American citizen that may
be said to be given by the Constitution, since
it grows out of the fact that there is such a
Constitution and that there is such a thing as a
citizen of the United States. The Govern-
ment of the United States was created and
exists only by reason of the Constitution, and
the Constitution, in express terms, recognizes
the fact that there is such a thing as citizen-
ship of the United States, because it provides
that no one shall be a Senator in Congress who
has not been nine years a citizen of the United
States; and it also provides that the Congress
may pass laws for the naturalization of for-
eigners. What is a naturalization law? It is
a law to make the person naturalized a citizen
of ihe country which enacts the law. So that
the Constitution itself recognizes the fact that
there is such a thing as a citizen of the United
States as distinguished from a citizen of one
of the States.
■' Now, without any express provision in the
Constitution upon the subject, it necessarily
follows that as the Government is created by
the Constitution and exists only by virtue of
it, and as there is such a thing as a citizen of
the United States, one right attaches to every
such citizen, and that is- the right to demand*
the protection of his Government against any
foreign Power that maltreats him. Wherever
upon the face of the globe an American eiti*
zen shall peaceably go, he is-underthe protec-
tion of the flag of the United States. He has
a right to demand from' his Government that
protection which any man in the peaceable
exercise of a right, out of his own country, is
entitled to enjoy. So that an injury to him is
an injury to his Government, for which his-
Government" may demand redress. That is
one of the rights of an Ametican citizen
derived from the fact that the Constitution
creates the Government and that he is a citi-
zen of that Government, and it may therefore
be said to be given-by the Constitution.
But when my colleague goes further and
says that the -rights of American citizens are
not defined in the Constitution, I submit that'
he is somewhat mistaken. It may be admitted
that they are not affirmatively and positively
defined, but that does not touch the question.
What is equivalent to an affirmative and posi-:
tiVe definition is that there is absolute ■ and
positive recognition' of these rights in the Con-
stitution, and that is quite as good as if they
had been specifically" defined. They do not
find their source, except historically, away
back in the common law of England. If they
rested on that they would have a poor founda-
tion to rest upon. Does my colleague mean
to say that an American citizen has no rights
but such as are or have been enjoyed by an
English subject under the common law of
England ? He certainly will not contend for
that. To illustrate by this very question of
jurors, does he not know that four centuries
or more after Magna Charta no man could sit
in a jury-box in England to try a cause between
Englishmen, unless he could take the test-oath
and the oath to "support the act of conformity ?
Does he not know that that excluded every
man—Roman Catholic, dissenter, Jew, or un-
believer—who was not a member of the estab-
lished church? Does he not know that at a
much later period no Roman Catholic could
sit in a jury-box in England, and that this dis-
ability was removed only at a comparatively
recent date? Does he not know that until
very recently no man could sit oh a jury in
England unless he were a freeholder or paid
an annual rent to a certain amount?
Then, in regard to schools: what institution
of learning is it upon which England prides
herself? Oxford—Oxford, which more than
four centuries ago had two thousand students
in her halls—Oxford, that goes back far into
the Middle Ages, the pride of England from
the day of its foundation to this day. Does
not my colleague know that even now nine
tenths of the dissenters of England cannot be,
and not one Roman Catholic can be, a graduate
of Oxford ? Does he not know that it is neces-
sary to subscribe to the thirty-nine articles in
order to graduate at Oxford, and that there-
fore no unbeliever, no' Roman Catholic, per-
haps no dissenter, can be a graduate of that
institution?
No, sir, it is not to the common law of Eng-
land that we are to look for the' definition of
the rights of a citizen of the, United States.
W-e may find in it certain rights which belong
to us, and which We maybe said to have inher-
ited because they were brought by our ances-
tors to this country; but the true doctrine in
America, in regard to the common law of
England, is this: that that common law is not
in force here as the common law of England,
not in force by virtue of its being the common
law of England, but that in so far as it is a
right rule of reason, and is consistent with the
Federal and State constitutions, the Federat
and State laws, and the circumstances of our
country; it is part of the common law, not of
England, but of America. That is the true
idea in regard to our common law.
Bat, sir, it was not left to any such vague
source as the common law of England to define
what are the fights of an American citizen.
In the first place, this is to be"borhe in mind,
that the Government of the United States is a
Government of limited and delegated powers.
But that is true not only of the Government
of the United States; it is. also' true of the
government of each of the States. Each gov-
ernment; possesses only such powers as arc
expressly delegated to it, or such as result by
necessary implication from those which are
expressly conferred. This being the ease,
this being a Government of delegated powers,
it is sufficient to negative any'power asserted
on the part of the Government to shotf that
it has not been delegated ; and that is just as
fatal to the claim of power as if its exercise
were expressly prohibited by the Constitution.
When, therefore, you cannot find in the Con-
stitution of the United States a power dele-
gated to do a particular thing, you, the Con-
gress, have no more right to do that thing than
if it were expressly prohibited in the Constitu-
tion ; and that for the reason that you have no
powers but such as are delegated to you—the
theory of our Government betng that all powei;
resides primarily in the people, that they are
the source of all power, and that they have
only delegated to their governments, Federal
or State, such powers as thfey see fit to confide
to them, and have retained all the rest.
In the next place, coming to the provisions
of the Constitution, we find what are tberights,
privileges, and immunities of the people in
their character of citizens of the United States.
We find them by looking at Ihe prohibitions
contained in the Constitution against the in-
fringement of certain rights, privileges, and
immunities which belong to the people, and
which, by these prohibitions, are recognized-
as rights that belong to a citizen of the
United States, and of which he cannot be de-
prived. Thus, Mr. President, in the Consti-
tution itself we find what is equivalent to a
definition of these rights, not simply in the
amendments, but in the original Constitution
also. For instance, look' at section nine of
the first article of the Constitution:
"The privilege of the writ of kabeut corpus shall
not be suspended, unless when in cases of rebellion
or invasion the public safety may require it."
That prohibits the Government from de-
priving a citizen of the United States of the
privilege of that writ except in the specified
cases. _ The right to the writ becomes there-
by a right of an American citizen, guaran-
teed to him by the Constitution of the United
States, recognized therein as his right, and
secured to him by that fundamental law of our
Government. Then proceed to the next clause
of that section:
"No bill of attainder or ex postfacto law shall be
passed."
Here you have secured to the citizen immun-
ity against any bill of attainder, immunity,
against any expost facto law. It thus becomes
his right to enjoy that immunity. Again:
" No capitation or other-direot tax shall be laid
unless in proportion to the census or enumeration
hereinbefore directed to be taken." «
Hero is secured to the citizen a right to be
exempt from unequal taxation. Next:
" No tax or duty shall be laid on articles exported
from any State."
Here you secure to the citizen of the United
States a right to take property from one State
to another without any tax or duty being laid
upon it.
Again, sir:
"No preference .shall be given, by any regulation
of commerce or revenue, to the ports of one State
over th«be of another; nor shall vessels bound to
or from one State be obliged to ontcr, clear, or pay
duties in another."
Here, again, the Constitution secures to citi-
zens of the United States certain rights, rights
of trade and of commerce; and it is no answer
to say that these rights, and some others of
which I have spoken or shall speak, are se-
cured to others as well as to citizens; that they
are secured to a mere denizen not yet natural-
ized as much as they are secured to a citizen,
and that one of the reasons for some of them
was to protect each State from invidious or
oppressive laws by another. That is no answer
at all, for although these rights maybe secured
to every person who is a denizen of this coun-
try, whether a citizen or not, yet it is sufficient
that, being secured to all, they are necessarily
rights of the citizen. _ .
But, sir, our fathers were apprehensive that
the original Constitution did not sufficiently
recognize the rights of citizens; and hence,
although they ratified it when it_was proposed,
almost simultaneously with their ratification,
indeed I may say simultaneously with it, -they
demanded a more full and explicit recognition
of those rights, and the first eight articles of
amendment to the Constitution relate wholly
to their-recognition and protection. Let us
see. Article one of the amendments provides:
" Congress shall make no law respecting an estab-
lishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise
thereof."
