1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
973
claims fob indian depredations.
Mr. CLAGETT, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1528) to provide
for the auditing and payment of claims for
compensation for Indian depredations; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Indian Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
EXPENSES Of DISTRICT JUDGES.
Mr. KELLOGG, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (II. R. No. 1518) to defray
tlie expenses of district judges from other dis-
tricts while holding district, or circuit courts
in the southern district of New York; which
was read a lirst and second time, referred to
the Committe on the Judiciary, and ordered to
be printed.
bribery and corruption.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, by unani-
mous consent, introduced a bill (II. R. No.
1519) to prevent bribery and corruption of offi-
cers and employes of the United States; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered
to be printed.
major general schuyler hamilton.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusettss, by unan-
imous consent, also introduced a bill (H. R.
No. 1520) for the relief of Major General
Schuyler Hamilton; which was read a first
and second time, referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
civil rights.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, by unan-
imous consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No.
1521) supplementary to an act to protect all
citizens of the United States in their civil
rights, and to furnish the means for their vindi-
cation, passed April 9,18CG ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
enabling act for colorado.
Mr. CHAFFEE, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a memorial of the Legislature of Col-
orado, praying Congress to pass an enabling
act for that Territory; which was referred to
the Committee on the Territories, and ordered
to be printed.
irrigation in idaho.
Mr. MERRITT, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (II. R. No. 1523) to provide for
the irrigation of the lands lying between Boise
and Snake rivers in Idaho Territory; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
lazarus b. wilson.
Mr. MANSON, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (II. R. No. 1522) granting a
pension to Lazarus R. Wilson ; which was read
a first and second time, referred to the Com-
mittee on Revolutionary Pensions and War
of 1812, and ordered to be printed.
ELIZVBKTn n. jackson.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (II. R. No. 1524) for
the relief of Elizabeth N. Jackson ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Patents, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I ask that the
papers in relation to the case of Elizabeth N.
Jackson, now before the Senate, be called for
by the House, and referred to the Committee
on Patents.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
how that can bo done parliamentary, unless
the gentleman can get some friend in the Sen-
ate to ask for their withdrawal.
francis a. eastman.
Mr. FABNSWORTH, from the Committee
on tha Post Office and Post Roads, by unani-
mous consent, reported a bill (H. R. No. 1529)
for the relief of Francis A. Eastman, post-
master at Chicago, Illinois; which was read
a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the
proper accounting officers of the Post Office
Department to settle the accounts of Francis
A. Eastman, postmaster at Chicago, and to
credit him with the amount which said office
had received from postage stamps and stamped
envelopes between October 2 and October 7,
1871, inclusive, which was destroyed by fire
in the safe of the Government in said post
office, on the 7th October, 1871; and also to
credit him upon his money-order account with
theamount of money orders paid by him during
the week ending October 7, 1871, and which
were destroyed by the fire in the safe of the
post office, provided that said credits shall be
made to such amount only as the Postmaster
General shall be satisfied, from the prools
furnished him, are just and proper. .
Mr. FAUNSW0RTII. I ask that this bill
be passed, in order that the postmaster may
be able to settle his accounts.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the bill will be considered read three times
and passed.
There was no objection.
woman suffrage.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to submit for
adoption at this time a resolution to which I
hope there will be no objection. I ask that
the memorial upon which the resolution is
based be read at "the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
To the House of Representatives of tlie United States in
Congress assembled :
The undersigned respectfully set forth that they
believe they have a rigbt to vote under the provis-
ions of the national Constitution interpreted by the
Declaration of Independence; also that their duty
of voting is present and imperative, and that they
are restricted in the same by the State officers, who
refuse to register their names and receive their
votes; and further, that they have no representa-
tive in Congress by reason of this disfranchisement,
for which reasons they respectiuliy ask that they
may be heard at the bar of the ilouso concerning
the whole matter of their present political disabili-
ties and the remedies sought. They further plead
that since the question of woman's right to vore has
been heretofore referred to committees composed
wholly of men, who cannot by any possibility, how-
ever justly inclined, represent the views and feelings
of women on a subject of such vital importance, they
are now entitled to present their own case, in order
that Congress may act intelligently, and alter argu-
ments fairly presented on both sides, upon bijls
already before them concerning the 11^ lit of suffrage
now withheld from half the citizens of the United
StatCS' ISABELLA BEECHER lfOOKEB,
LAURA DE FORCli GORDON,
ELIZABETH CADY STANTOU.
The SPEAKER. The resolution submitted
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. kei.-
ley] will now be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That on Saturday, the 17th of February,
at one o'clock, the memorialists be heard at the
bar of the House concerning the political disabil-
ities of the women citizens of the United States.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is not this a proposition
for a suspension of the rules?
The SPEAKER. It involves that. A two-
thirds vote will be necessary to adopt the res-
olution.
The question being taken on agreeing to the
resolution,
The SPEAKER. The " noes appear to
have it.
Mr. KELLEY. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. kelley and
Mr. iuxdalii were appointed.
The House again divided; aud the tellers
reported—ayes 71, noes 13.
Mr. SARGENT and Mr. KELLEY called
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. RANDALL. Does the resolution pro-
pose merely that these ladies shall have the
use of the Hall for a publie meeting, or that
they shall appear during the session of the
House to state their case ?
The SPEAKER. Asthe Chair understands,
they are to appear while the House is in ses-
sion.
Mr. KELLEY. At the bar of the House.
Mr. RANDALL. Has that been allowed
heretofore to any other petitioners ?
The SPEAKER. That is not a parliament-
ary inquiry.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 87, nays 96, not voting 50 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Arthur, A verill. Banks, Barber,
Barry, Beatty, Beveridge, Bigby, George M. Brooks,
Jaine^ Brooks, Buckley, Butlinton, Burdett, Benja-*.
minF.Butlcr, Campbell, Carroll, WilliamT.Clarke,
Cohb. Coghlan, Cox, Donnan, Box, Duell, Dunrfell,
Wilder i>. Foster, Garrett, GeU.UotlaUay. Goodrich,
Gritlitli, John W. Hazelton, llibbard, Hill, Hoar,
Kelley. Ivellogg, Kendall, Ketcham, Killinger, Kin-
sella, Lamison, Lamport, Lansing, Leach, Lowe,
Man son, Marshall, Maynard, McClelland. McJun-
kin, iilcKinney, .\" i black, Packard, Hosoa W, i'arkor,
Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron F.
Perry, Eh Perry, Porter, fondle, Rainey, liusk,
Sargent, Seeley, Sljanks, Sheldon, Shcllabarger,
Suapj), Thomas J. Sl'oer. Sprague. Starkweather.
Stevenson, Stoughton, Sutherland, Sypher, Twichell,
Vaughan, Wakeman, Walden, Wallace, Whiteley,
Whiuhome, WilUrd, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and
John T. Wilson—87.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker. Ambler, Ames.Beck, Bell,
Bingliazn, Bird, AustinBhur, JamesU. Blair, Boles,
Bright, Burehard.Caklwell,Freeman Clarke.Coburn,
Commgo, Conger, Connor, Crebs, Grassland, Davis,
Dawes, Du Bose, Duke, Eldredge, Ely.Finkelnburg,
Charles Foster, l?iye, Garliold, Haldemnn, Halo,
Italsey. Handley, Hanks, Harper, John T. Harris,
Ilavens, Hawley, flay, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton,
llerndon, Hoi man. Kerr,King,McCormick,McGrew,
Mcllenry, Mclntyre, McK.ee. MoNeely, Mercur,
Merriam, Merrick, Monroe, Moore. Morgan, Mor-
phis, Leonard Myers, Negley, Orr, Packer, Palmer,
Peters, pi a tt, Poland, Potter, Prieo, Randall, ltead.
John 11. Rice,Ellis II.Roberts, William R.Roberts,
Rogers, Sawyer, Sessions. Shober, Slater, Slocum,
Sloss, Johu A. Smith, Woithington C. Smith, Snyder,
Stevens, Stmvell,Turner, Upson, Waddell, \\ aldron.
Warren, Wells, Williams ot Indiana, Williams of
New York. Winchester, and Young—%.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Barnum,
Biggs, Braxton, Roderick R.Butler, Cotton, Crcely,
Cnteher, Darrall, BeLaige, Biekey, blames, Elliott,
3?arns worth, Farw ell, Porker. Henry D. 1' oster, 11am-
bleton, Ifancoek, Harmer, George E. Harris, Here-
ford, Hooper, Houghton, Lewis. Lynch, JlcCrarv,
Benjamin Jb'. Meyers, Mitchell, Morey, Kdward V
Tathiiir Xjnor. Van Tramp, Voorhees, Wails,
Wheeler, and Wood—56.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended.
During the vote Mr. MeCLKLLAND stated
that his colleague, Mr. B. F. meyers, was
paired with Ins other colleague, Mr. dicxey,
but he could not. say how either of them would
vote on this question.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
message from tiie senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Stmpson, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that that body had concurred in a
resolution of the House to print one thousand
copies of the final report of the United States
geological suivey of Nebraska.
it further announced that the Senate had
rejected a bill (H. R. No. 380) for the removal
of legal and political disabilities imposed by
the third section of the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States.
It announced further that the Senate had
passed a resolution that there be printed thirty-
five hundred extra copies of the report of the
Superintendent of the United States Coast Sur-
vey for 1871, of which fifteen hundred shall
be for the use of the House of Representatives,
one thousand for the use of the Senate, and one
thousand for the use of the Superintendent,
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested. , „
it l'utther announced that the 1 resident or
the United States had notified the Senate of
his approval of an act (S. No. 390) granting a
pension to Sarah Evans.
