1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3661
ATLANTIC AND PACIFIC SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. BANKS. I am directed by the commit-
tee to report back the following resolution and
to move it be laid on the table.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the President be requested to take
such steps as may be deemed necessary to ascertain
the views of European Governments in regard to
international cooperation for the construction of a
ship-canal between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans.
Mr. BANKS. I ask that the letter of the
Secretary of State be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
w Department op Statk,
"Washington, January 16,1872.
Sir : I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of your letter of this date inclosing a cupy of a reso-
lution proposed by Mr. Lynch on theftth instant, and
which has been referred to the committee of which
you are chairman, upon which you invite sugges-
tions from the Department, the resolution being
upon the subject of ascertaining the views of Euro-
pean Governments in regard to international coop-
eration for the construction of a ship-canal between
the Atlantic and Pacific oceans.
In reply, I have the honor to inform you that it
has not been the policy of this Government to com-
plicate the practical question of the construction of
such a canal by encouraging discussions or negotia-
tions with European Powers on the subject, but
rather to footer the development of the enterprise,
when the most practicable and economical route
shall have been determined upon, as an undertaking
which it is peculiarly the duty of the American
nations to carry forward to a successful completion.
It is for the committee, however, to determine
how far such views accord with the interests of the
United States.
I have the honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
HAMILTON EISH.
Hon. N. P. Banks, Chairman Committee on Foreign
Affair8, House of Representatives.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the resolution
be laid upon the table.
Mr. LYNCH. I move it be referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
Mr. BANKS. I do not object to that.
Mr. HOLMAN. I do ; this Government
has nothing to do with these things.
Mr. BANKS. I withdraw the motion to
lay upon the table at the requestof the gentle-
man from Maine. ' I think the principle an-
nounced by the Secretary of State is clearly
right, and entirely in harmony with the pre-
cedents of this Government. I think it is
scarcely worth while to refer it1 to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
as there is no time left for discussion. I
believe the gentleman would better subserve
his purpose by introducing a bill and referring
it to the Committee of the Whole on fhe state
of the Union, where the whole subject of this
canal can be open for discussion hereafter.
Mr. LYNCH. Has the gentleman objec-
tion to the resolution going to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union?
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. Let the Washing-
ton treaty go there too for discussion.
Mr. LYNCH. I withdraw my motion.
Mr. BANKS. I renew my motion that the
resolution be laid upon the table, and the
accompanying papers be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOLMAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was laid upon
the table; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
VIENNA INTERNATIONAL EXPOSITION.
Mr. BANKS also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back a bill (H. R. No. 2800) to
authorize the President of the United States
to appoint one or more commissioners to rep-
resent the Government of the United States
at the international exposition of agricnlture,
industry, and fine arts, to be held at Vienna
in 1873, with the recommendation that it do
The bill, which was read, provides that the
President of the United States be, and he
hereby is, authorized, by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate, to appoint one or.
more agents to represent the Government of
the United States at the international exposi-
tion of agriculture, industry, and fine arts, to
be held at Vienna in 1873, provided that such
appointments shall not imposeon this Govern-
ment any liability for the expense which they
may occasion.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third t ime; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SECRETARY OF LEGATION IN JAPAN.
Mr. BANKS also, from the same commit-
tee, reported back, with the recommendation
that it do pass, the bill (H. R. No. 2799) to
provide for the appointment of a secretary of
legation at the Court of Japan, and for other
purposes.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Pres-
ident to appoint for the legation at Japan a
secretary of legation, who shall receive as com-
pensation for his services a salary at the rate
of $3,500 a year.
The bill, in its second section, authorizes
the President to appoint two American student
interpreters to be attached to said legation,
who shall be, at the time of their respective
appointments, not over the age of seventeen
years, each of whom shall receive as com-
pensation for his services for the first year at
the rate of $800, for the second- year $l,000r
for the third year $1,400, and tor the fourth
year $1,800; provided that they shall give
bond in the sum of $500 to serve the Govern-
ment of the United States as interpreters for
at the rate of three years after their gradua-
tion, if required by the President.
The bill, in its third section, provides that
the interpreter for said legation shall be selected
from the student interpreters aforesaid, so soon
as one or more of said students shall have at-
tained sufficient proficiency in his or their
studies, and in the language of Japan, to be
able to discharge properly the duties of that
office ; and the said interpreter shall receive
as compensation for his services a salary at
the rate of $3,000 a ye'ar.
Mr. HOLMAN. This bill, I believe, does
not make any appropriation ?
The SPEAKER. It does not, as the Chair
understands. It provides the rate of com-
pensation to be hereafter paid.
Mr. BANKS. This bill provides in the
first instance for a secretary of legation at the
Court of Japan at of a salaary $3,500 year.
The House, in the consideration of the diplo-
matic and consular appropriation bill, agreed
to insert an appropriation for a secretary of
legation. But inasmuch as that is legislation
for a single year only, and may possibly not
be repeated, it may not be inappropriate to
provide in a general act for the appointment
of a secretary of legation.
It will be evident to gentlemen of the House
when they consider the extent and variety of
character of the business which devolves upon
the United States mission at Japan that a sec-
retary is necessary there, perhaps more neces-
sary than at many other Courts where a secre-
tary of legation is provided for. The minister
of the United States at Japan is a judicial
officer. He holds courts. He is the only judi-
cial officer to whom American citizens can
appeal, or who can render judgment upon the
questions in which they are interested. And
inasmuch as oftentimes these are very import-
ant, both in their pecuniary character and ex-
tent and in their effect upon the individual posi-
tions of American citizens appealing to the min-
ister for protection and for justice, it is thought
a secretary, to share the burdens of that office
and the discharge of its duties, must be con-
sidered absolutely necessary.
Inasmuch as the House has agreed to an
appropriation for this purpose in the diplo-
matic and consular appropriation bill, I sup-
pose there can be no doubt as to the expe-
diency of providing for the establishment of
this office by a general law.
The second section of this bill relates to the
authority given to the President to appoint
two American student interpreters to be
attached to the legation, who shall be at the
time of their respective appointments, not
over the age of seventeen years, each of whom
shall receive as compensation for his services,
for the first year at the rate of $800, for the
second year at the rate of $1,000, for the
third year at the rate of $1,400, and for the
fourth year at the rate of $1,800, giving bond
in the sum of $500 to serve the Government
'of the United States as interpreters for three
years after their graduation if required by the
President.
The necessities of the legation in Japan for
assistant interpreters are imperative and abso
lute, affecting all ministers who can be sent
from this country at present to serve there.
It is but a very few years since, at the ex-
pressed wish of the United States, Japan has
been opened to communication with civilized
nations. Neither in Europe nor in this country
are there any men, except those who have
been connected with the missionary service,
who are familiar with the language of Japan,
or who can act as interpreters. The inter-
course between the two Governments is now
so great, and the business so varied, so exten-
sive, so important, and affecting both public
and private interests in such a degree, that
facilities for interpretation between the two
Governments are absolutely necessary, and
some provision for this end is required.
A dispatch received from the State De-
partment in regard to this necessity in China
states in a most imperative and absolute man-
ner that it is impossible at present to vin-
dicate the interests of the Government of
the United States and maintain the rights
of its citizens unless they can have the aid
of interpretation on the part of those who
are in some degree connected with or inter-
ested for the Government and people of the
United States. At present the natives of the
country, both in Japan and China, are em-
ployed in this duty. It is therefore impos-
sible for the minister to know whether they
perform that duty in good faith or no. It is
only reliance on general character that is open
to ns. The legation being dependent on the
natives of the country for interpretation, have
no means of ascertaining whether in any given
instance they are acting in good faith and
properly and truly represent the interests of
the country they serve. It is suggested by
my colleague on the committee that in Japan
particularly the relation of the Japanese to
their Government is of so delicate a nature
that if they supposed their action or informa-
tion to be in the slightest degree offensive or
questionable in regard to its effect on their
own Government they would be restrained
from acting fully in accord with the interests
or wishes of this Government.
We have therefore provided in a very im-
perfect and incomplete manner for the appoint-
ment of two student interpreters, who, after
four years of service, shall be qualified to act
as interpreters. I must say that the committee
agree to this proposition with some hesitation,
on the ground of its inefficiency. After four
years of service, and after these two American
student interpreters shall be educated, they
may be withdrawn into other service by the
temptation of larger compensation, or they
may sicken and die ; and after that, of course,
we have no advantage from the expenditure
and lapse of time which has attended the slow
progress of their education; and after a second
four years, when others have been educated,
the same events may occur, and thus we may
go on from period to period, spending money
and losing time, without really benefiting our-
selves in any degree whatever.
The committee did not think it expedient tn
