2766
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
more could any man stilled in the use of lan-
guage, either to express or to conceal ideas,
make language say? Nothing. Let us admit
it—nothing. There is no circuity;_ there is
no directness of expression ; there is no craft
or choice of words which may not be outwit-
ted by the reasoning which prevailed in the
cases referred to.
What anchor then can be thrown to wind-
ward? How may we keep the staff in our
hands? What certain remedy remains short
of abolishing the Court of Claims? (July one
that has been suggested, but the honorable
Senator from Ohio proposes to cast the bridle
upon the horse's neck and let him go, and he
says if he does go he will vote to abolish the
Court of Claims. I will join him as a last
resort in that vote. Whenever it turns out
that there is no legislative power to establish
a tribunal—a tribunal I say to the honorable
Senator from Delaware again in derogation
of common right, and I could find warrant for
so saying in the authority he read against it—
if there be no power in Congress to establish
a special tribunal, in derogation of common
right, in derogation of that immunity which
all Governments maintain, not to be dragged
against their will by citizen suitors and liti-
gants to the foot-stool of judicial power; if
there be no power in Congress to establish a
special tribunal in which the Government
consents to be arraigned at the suit of a citi-
zen, and at the same time to fix metes and
bounds to its jurisdiction, and to close the
door against men who have forfeited rights
dearer than rights of property—whenever our
impotence to do this is demonstrated, I will
join the Senator from Ohio in running a legis-
lative plowshare over the foundations of a
tribunal whose jurisdiction we are no longer
allowed to guide or control. Not, Air. Presi-
dent, let me say, that the blame is to he
laid 
Mr. MORTON. The Court of Claims is
not ill fault.
Mr. CONKLING. The word which rose to
my lips rises to the lips of the Senator from
Indiana. I was in the act of guarding my
remark against the possible understanding
that I impute to the Court of Claims any
wrong in this matter. Not at all. The Court
of Claims has conscientiously and sternly
observed the limits of its jurisdiction fixed
by Congress; but, sir, as the sheep that is to
be shorn is dumb before his shearers, so is
the Cfrhrt of Claims dutjib and powerless in
the presence of a higher tribunal, which in-
structs it to overstep the bounds which Con-
gress has set and to open to all claimants
whatsoever the doors of its jurisdiction.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Provided they have been
rebels.
Mr. CONKLING. Provided, as my friend
suggests, tho crowning grace and qualification
of having been rebels can be shown to exist
in their case.
Now, Mr. President, before resorting to
heroic treatment," as surgeons say, and cut-
ting up the Court of Claims root and branch,
I prefer, _ and I hope the honorable Senator
from Ohio will aid my preference, a milder
measure, a safeguard which I think complete,
and which will dispense with the need of in-
terfering with the Court of Claims. The
amendment of the Senator from Vermont, in
its concluding words, those which the Senator
from Ohio now moves to strike out, furnishes
this safeguard. How? By returning in this
class of cases to the provision under which we
acted for years in all cases, namely, a require-
ment that the judgments of the Court of Claims,
instead of being paid by appropriations in
block or m lump, shall in these cases be the
subject of special appropriations. That is the
whole of it.
The honorable Senator from Ohio asks is
it just to parties who are loyal, and have
gone through the Court of Claims, to compel
them to come here and wait as petitioners for
appropriations? No, I answer the Senator,
and no such thing will follow from the provis-
ion he wishes to strike out. The amendment
is aimed at the disloyal; it is a staff kept in
our hands as to them ; and does anybody sup-
pose that when the Court of Claims certifies
to us a list of cases, in which the fact is found
as part of the judgment that the claimant is
and always was loyal in fact, we would under
guise of this amendment refuse to appropri-
ate ? Not at all. Does the Senator suppose
that the claimant in such a case is to be in
the attitude and subjected to the delay of a
man who comes in the first instance with his
petition to Congress, gets it referred to the
committee of my honorable friend from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Wilson,] for the loss of a
horse or the destruction of property, and then
abides the tardy process^ of congressional in-
vestigation and adjudication? Not at all. On
the contrary, these judgments would become
part of the stereotyped, routine appropria-
tions ; they would be acted upon as a matter
of course where they conformed in their facts
to the requirement of the law.
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him?
Mr. CONKLING. In one moment. Claim-
ants, in place of being compelled to come
individually and assert each his particular
right, would appear in a class, and their claims
would be acted on as a matter of course, meet-
ing with no more delay than now, when gen-
eral appropriations are made for the sum total
of judgments in the Court of Claims. Now I
will yield to the Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. SAWYER. I should like to ask the
Senator if he thinks it is less probable that a
judgment of the Court of Claims on such
matters as these would be canvassed by the
Senate than that the decisions of the highest
court in the land should be criticised in the
tone which is assumed herein regard to them?
Mr. CONKLING. My friend puts a ques-
tion displaying more of vivacity, I submit to
him, than of discrimination—more of the
faculty of repartee than of the less shining
faculty of reason and reflection.
My honorable friend might have occasion to
put some such question if he was not abun-
dantly blessed with the power to distinguish
between the probabilities which I am arguing
and those he suggests. My argument is that
we ourselves, having defined precisely what
shall occur in the Court of Claims, having
incorporated in a statute the elements which
shall complete the claimant's right to be paid
in a given class of cases, it would be wanton,
it .would be disrespectful, it would beirrational
to assume that we should have the had faith
to attempt to trip up the claimant who came
precisely within the category we prescribe.
Thereupon the honorable Senator is moved to
inquire whether I do not think it is likely that
we would be guilty of this piece of bad faith
because Senators venture to express their sur-
prise at finding three or four statutes turned
to ashes so far as the Supreme Court has power
to perform that miracle.
Replying to the Senator's intimation of its
being improper to canvass the decisions of
the Supreme Court here, I have this to say:
the Court does not violate propriety in can-
vassing our decisions and pronouncing upon
them, and pronouncing in effect, when it so
believes, that Congress has exceeded its power
and authority. Surely there can be no wrong,
but only a clear right, in our considering
and discussing the decisions of the court,
especially when its decisions concern our
doings and our duty. I say nothing disre-
spectful of the court, but I assert my right
to speak and vote my convictions upon every
question brought here for action. It is to be
hoped no Senator will do less than this
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I wish to sug-
gest to my friend from New York, and also to
the Senator who interrupted him, an amend-
ment which I intend to propose and which I
think will meet this difficulty, and I call the
attention of the Senator from Ohio to it at
this time. As the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont now stands, it provides that
these claimants are not to be paid without a
special appropriation. The Senator from Mis-
sissippi offered an amendment which has been
adopted, that the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont shall not apply to existing judg-
ments of the Court of Claims. Now, I propose
to add to that amendment these words : that the
amendment of the Senator from Vermont shall
not apply to existing judgments, adding the
words " in which it has been found as a fact
that the claimant has not given aid or comfort'
to the rebellion."
So the matter will stand in this wise: we
provide that the claimant may prove that he
hadnotgivenaidorcomforttotherebellion ; as
the law will stand, he will get his pay without
any special appropriation ; but if it is not a
found fact that he did not give aid or comfort
to the rebellion he will have to rely on a
special appropriation by Congress to get his
money. I do not think that anybody can
object properly to that amendment.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator's amend-
ment I understand is to restrict the provision
requiring the appropriation, to future judg-
ments?
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Existing judg-
ments.
Mr. CONKLING. Is not the Senator's pur-
pose to restrict these latter words, requiring
a special appropriation, to future judgments?
Being diverted at the moment. I may not-have
understood him.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. No; I will sim-
ply read it, and the Senator will get the idea.
The amendment of the Senator from Missis-
sippi was that the amendment of the Senator
from Vermont should not apply to existing
judgments of the Court of Claims. I propose
to add " in which it has been found as a fact
that the claimant has not given aid or comfort
to the enemy."
Mr. CONKLING. I understand now it is
to add those words to the amendment of the
Senator from Mississippi.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Yes, sir*
Mr. CONKLING. I am for it. That should
be done unless we are to fritter away the whole
thing.
Mr. MORTON. I desire to suggest to both
Senators that in my opinion the provision
should be that there be no payment of a
a judgment found for captured t>r abandoned
property without a special appropriation, for
this reason : the Supreme Court have de-
cided that the special condition upon which a
man was entitled to enter the Court of Claim3
and sue, that is, of loyalty, became unimport-
ant by reason of the pard'on. Following out
that reasoning, they would hold that this con-
dition in regard to payment without a special
appropriation would for the same reason be
unimportant, and, so they would compel by
mandamus the payment of the judgment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Why, let me suggest to
my friend from Indiana that I do not believe
even the Supreme Court, with its notions
of pardons, would go the length of holding that
a pardon would authorize them to command
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay money
out of the Ireasury that we say he shall noti
when the Constitution says that no money shall
taken under any pretense unless we say it
shall. I will be willing to enter into bond
that they will not go that far.
Mr. MORTON. My suggestion is that the
same reason which authorizes the Supreme
Court to disregard that part of the act of 1863
making proof of loyalty a ground of the juris-
diction of the court, would authorize them to
strike out of this hill the condition that it is
not to be paid without a special appropriation
if it shall be shown that the party was loyal.
Mr. CONKLING. If I understand the
Senator from Indiana, I do not think his
