1870
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
the proper time to offer. I will send them to
the Clerk's desk to be read.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] yield to the gen-
tleman from Michigan to have his amendments
read or to have them offered ?
Mr. DAWES. I merely yield to have them
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend the second section t>y inserting after the
word "Are," in line Ave, the words "or erected on
any lot in Chicago by persons "who suffered material
loss thereby;" so that it will read:
That there shall t>e allowed and paid, under such
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
prescribe, on all materials imported to be and ac-
tually used in buildings erected on the site of build-
ings burned by said Are, or erected on any lot in Chi-
cago by persons who suffered material loss thereby,
a drawback of the import duties paid on the same.
In line three, section two. after the word " mate-
rials," insert the words "except lumber."
Mr. STOUGHTON. I desire to add just
one word, if the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] will allow roe. The first
amendment is proposed to extend the benefits
of the act, if those benefits are to be given at
all, to the people of Chicago generally who
suffered by the fire, instead of confining them
to a particular limit, as is proposed in the Sen-
ate amendment. I am informed that the evi-
dence taken before the Senate shows that some
of the lots in Chicago have increased fifty per
cent, in value since the fire, and that specu-
lators are holding them with the expectation
of making large fortunes, and this is to be
wrung from the toiling people of northern
Michigan and Wisconsin. My second amend-
ment proposes to except lumber from the
Chicago free list, and that ought to be done,
unless Congress means deliberately to enrich
the speculators of that city by destroying one
of the most important industries of two great
States, and bringing poverty and distress to
hundreds of homes.
Mr. DAWES. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerb.]
Mr. IlEltR. I confess very frankly that
there are some difficulties in connection with
this bill; but yet, on the whole, I feel entirely
clear that it is lay duty to support it and to
favor its enactment at this time. I think that
it is entirely free from the objection of a lack
of constitutional power to grant this kind of
exemption. It is certainlyadmissible for gen-
tlemen to place this exemption on the ground
of mere charity granted by the favor of the
Government to a suffering community. It is
not necessary to find express warrant for it as
a revenue measure. It is not proposed for
revenue; it is a measure of mercy; it is a con-
cession to suffering humanity; it is justified
by the past practice and precedents of the
Government in at least three cases. It was
done to relieve New York after her great fire
in 188G, and also for the relief of Portland, in
Maine. Taking the bill for what it is, a meas-
ure of relief and not of revenue at ah, I think
it is both constitutional and right. But I am
not williug to say that it can only be sustained
on this latter ground. I do not mean to say
that upon principle, and upon the Constitu-
tion, it is not competent for Congress to make
a regulation of this kind to meet an extraor-
dinary emergency, such as exists in the city
of Chicago. I am not called 011 now to decide
that question. Jt is true that this will not
reach or remedy the entire evil.
Other sections in the Northwest have suf-
fered as well as Chicago, and they have suf-
fered very greatly. Their sufferings have
touched the heart of the entire nation, and I
may say of the civilized world, and they chal-
lenge the sympathy of all our people, as they
have received the sympathy of mankind. It is
matter to me of profound regret that effective
aid cannot be extended at once to all the un-
happy sufferers. I would be glad if it could.
But this bill comes before the House as a
distinct proposition. Let it be determined
upon its own merits. Let this be enacted now,
because it is right to enact it; and then let us
consider whether we -will extend the lite priv-
ileges to other sections of the country.
I say frankly that whenever you will intro-
duce a bill prepared with well-guarded provis-
ions to give the same exemption to other towns
or cities, I will vote for it. This is not the first
time in the history of our country that this
kind of relief has been granted. It may be
taken now as the settled judgment of the
country that it is admissible to do it, that it
violates no principle of public policy, because
the cases are in all respects so exceptional and
so peculiar that they cannot be drawn into evil
precedents, and they can never arise except
when they are of such an absolutely anomalous
character as to justify legislation of this kind.
Besides, Mr. Speaker, I am willing, and I
mean by that no suggestion that is unkind, to
meet the complaints of the business men in
the vicinity of Chicago who objcct to this bill,
by expressing my own opinion that in the mis-
fortunes of that people during the time that
has already elapsed they have gathered a
sufficiently rich harvest to satisfy reasonable
men, and they ought not longer to object to
the enactment of this bill. In addition to this
opinion, I entertain this further opinion, that
so much time hasalready elapsed that in truth
and in fact prices will not be so much affected
in Chicago and that vicinity by the enactment
of thi3 bill as these persons who object to it
anticipate that they will. Prices will very
speedily regulate themselves. Persons who
import goods will not be enabled, even with-
out this bill, to sell them in that market at
anything like the munificent profits that they
seem to expect. Yet this bill will much relieve
the general body of that people.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. What relief
does this bill give to those citizens of Chicago
in quarters where the city has already been
rebuilt?
Mr. KERB. It gives none. It gives no
benefit to very many persons, and I am sorry
to say it, because so many people in that city
were completely ruined by this lire, so com-
pletely crushed by it that they can never rally,
never rebuild, never restore their wasted and
their ruined fortunes. But there remains a
community in the aggregate that may be ben-
efited by this bill, benefited materially, directly,
and most justly, in my judgment.
It will not do to say that because a few by
the devastation of adversity have been put
beyond the reach of the advantages of the bill,
therefore no one will be benefited by it or
should be relieved in this manner. The great
mass of that people will be benefited.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Would it not
be better to make a contribution in money to
all these sufferers by the fire 1
Mr. KERR. I think it would not, and that
is all the answer I have time to make to the
gentleman. I could give ample reasons if I
had time. I feel sure he would not vote for
such relief.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Matnard.]
Mr. MAYNARD. Mr. Speaker, having
supported this bill both in committee and in
the House, I rise for the purpose of stating
the grounds on which it received my approval.
I do not support it as an eleemosynary meas-
ure, for I can see no special reason why we
should provide relief of that kind for the suf-
ferers by the fire of Chicago, and not relieve
those who suffered equally, and some of them
more, in proportion to their means, in the
StatC3 of Wisconsinand Michigan. Theground
upon which I have thought proper to support
this measure is that it is a great measure of
national importance to commerce; it is im-
portant to the general commerce of the coun-
try that the city of Chicago should be rebuilt
as early as possible, and it is with the view of
reestablishing that great mart of trade at the
earliest possible moment that I would adopt
every legislation looking to that result.
It has been sometimes said, rather reproach-
fully, that in supporting this measure 1 aban-
doned the views 1 have always entertained in
regard to the protection of American industry.
I do not so regard it. The object of protect-
ing American industry is not for the abnormal
and every way extraordinary contingencies
such as that brought upon us by the tire in
Chicago. We are not providing for an ordin-
ary and usual condition of things,_ but for
such a contingency—a fire sweeping its deso-
lation over a whole city, which occurs not
once in a century.
There is only one partof thisbill that givesme
trouble. It is the one suggested by my friend
from Michigan, [Mr. Conger,] the point I
indicated in the suggestion I made to him a
few moments ago, andwhich is covered by one
of the amendments proposed by his colleague,
[Mr. Stoughtoj?.] Upon that point 1 am not
sufficiently informed as to the facts. On the
one side it is said that by the very extraordin-
ary fires in Michigan and Wisconsin there is
thrown upon the markets of the country a very
large amount of timber that must be converted
into lumber now, or it will be an utter loss in
addition to the other heavy losses. On the
other hand we have been told, not perhaps in
debate, but otherwise, that this timber cannot
be converted into lumber and brought into
market in time to be made available in rebuild'
ing Chicago. My vote upon this proposition
will depend upon that fact, as it shall be estab-
lished to my mind.
Mr. CONGER. That is what I desire—an
opportunity to lay the proofs and facts before
the House for their consideration, for I believe
in proofs and facts, and do not want the pas-
sage of this bill forced upon us until we and
our people can present the facts in the case for
the consideration of the House.
Mr. MAYNARD. I am more than willing,
I am anxious, that the gentlemen who oppose
this bill shall have an opportunity to present
any such facts as in their judgment will bear
upon it; and so far as my action is concerned,
I am willing to give them reasonable time for
that purpose. I do not myself propose to de-
bate this bill. I rose merely for tbe purpose
of stating the principle upon which I supported
it, and upon which I presume other gentlemen
of this House have supported it and will con-
tinue to support it.
Mr. DAWES. Inow yield to the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Marshal!,] for five minutes.
Mr. MARSHALL. Under the impression
that the vote upon this measure will be taken at
this time, I shall make but very few remarks
upon it. It seems to me that if the relief asked
for by this bill is to be given at all, it should be
given now and promptly, and that the bil I should
bepassed without amendment. Weoughtnotto
palter over mere technicalities and quibbles,
but should vote squarely for or against the bill.
To amend it, and thus send it again to the
Senate, is equivalent to its defeat. We have
already delayed action too long. WTeare real-
izing the fable of Tantalus, and act as if we
were standing in the presence of those ready
to perish with thirst with water in our hands
with which we continually excite hopes that
are always deferred and never realized. This
is the perfection of torture, and should be con-
tinued no longer.
We all remember, who of us will ever for-
get, the effect of the terrible tidings flashed
over the wires on the 8th and 9th of October
last. They brought grief and sorrow to every
American heart, and carried a thrill of horror
to every part of the world, at the destruction
of one of the most beautitul cities on the face
of the Garth. Almost, as it were, in the twink-
ling of an eye a hundred thousand people were
rendered houseless and homeless, many per-
ishing miserably amid the horrors of that ter-
rible night.
Now, it is said that if we grant the relief
asked for here we will be doing injury to
somebody else. I insist that that cannot be
