3662
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20,
ask the House to make a larger appropriation
at this time, or authorize the employment of a
larger number of students than those provided
for in the bill. If we have time to night or
to-morrow we shall propose, in connection with
the legation of the United States in China, the
education of a larger number of pupils at the
expense of the Chinese indemnity fund, which
is a fund of a peculiar nature, giving equitable
amounts to both Governments in the amount
of money now in the hands of the United
States, by means of which we might possibly
educate a large number both of Chinese and
Americans, with a view to employment as in-
terpreters and in the consular and diplomatic
service, upon whom we could rely in the dis-
charge of all the duties that devolve upon the
legation in connection with the rights of citizens
of the United States. And if it should happen
■with the concurrence of the Chinese Govern-
ment that, Chinese youths should be educated in
the English language and literature and sci-
ence?, t lie United States in time would not only
gam the friendship and confidence of China, but
these Chinese youths would themselves come
to important, and prominent positions under
their own Government. Thus, by the benefi-
cent operation of this appropriation of a fund
. not entirely, at least not equitably, our own,
we shall confer a lasting benefit both upon the
Government and people of China and the
Government, and people of the United States.
Bui that remark applies expressly to the lega-
tion in China.
In reg.ird to that in Japan, we submit this
proposition with the greatest confidence: that,
as tar as it g >es, the Congress of the United
Slates will approve it and will be willing to
recognize the licees-ity of appointing at least
two American btudenis, who, after lour years
of study, will be able to aid the Government ill
the consular and diplomatic service. And after
a very full and careful consideration in a com-
mittee which the honorable gentleman from
Hew York [Mr. Wood] said the other day is by
no means a partisan committee, at least upon
such quest ions, we have unanimously come to
the conclusion that this particular recommend-
ation of ttie Committee on Foreign Affairs is
entnled to the unanimous approval of the
House. And I hope we shall have the satis-
faCiion of receiving that approval.
1 am reminded by my colleague on this
Committee now sitting on my right [Mr. Wil
laruJ ih.it the Government of the United
Slates has, in the indemnity fund of Japan,
paid to this Government under the treaty of
IBtj'l, the sum of $700,000 or over, out of
which the expenses of iliese interpreters can
be pa d, and iroin which we can make a larger
provision should it meet the judgment of the
House heieulter, and which would relieve us
fium the danger of losing the advantage of
the expenditure and lime that mi^ht elapse in
tin; education of these two men by supplying
a greater number of students. That, however,
will be lor i he House to consider hereafter.
Mr. HOLMAN. I take it for granted this
office of secietary of legation will be created
and made permanent at a handsome salary
of $2,500 a year.
Mr. Kl LUNGER. It, is $3,500 a year.
Mr. HOLMAN. Yes; S3,500 a year, and
nothing to do. I take it for granted, where
there is so much business to be done, it is of
course necessaiy to have two pupils appointed
wiili hat.dsome salaries of from $800 up. 1
know from experi nee that when it is pro-
posed, no matter on which side of the House,
to cieate a new office and to increase the
patronage of the Executive of this Govern-
ment, the measure, under almost any circuin
stances, is sure to receive tho approval of
Congtess. 1 undertake to say there is no
public leason for this.
Why, sir, it was only a few d'tys ago that we
saw our minister to Japan. Mr De Long, en-
joying the festivities of this caf ual, day after
day, and week after week, and I think I may
say month after month, for I suppose he is
here yet. I believe his remaining here all of
the time will be just as beneficial to Japan and
to the United States as if he should remain
there sweltering in the heat of their torrid
climate. I do not believe there is any more
necessity for a minister to Japan than there is
for a minister to the Comanche Indians. I
believe that our minister to Japan is here in the
capital at this time, and he might just as well
remain here asgo there. However. Iamtoldby
a friend near me that he is not here now. I hope
he has gone back, and I hope that he will make
at least a decent pretext, if nothing more, of
earning his salary.
We need nothing more than a commercial
agent at Japan. And after the intelligence
of this nation shall grow up to it, we will
have nothing but commercial agents at such
places. The ministers, secretaries of lega-
tion, and other idle gentlemen from abroad,
whom we have right here at our capital, show
what our ministers have to do in other coun-
tries. It is a mere fancy performance. The
truth about it is that this Republic of ours,
where there is a supposition that there is no
expenditure except for some public purpose,
spends more money for the purpose of en-
abling idle gentlemen, who have nothing else to
do, to go abroad and live at the public expeuse,
than any other Government on this globe. It
does not require that a person should go to
Japan to know that all we need there is a
commercial agent, and that a gentleman of
very moderate capacity and at a very moder-
ate salary will answer the purpose.
Mr. KILL1NGER. How much would be a
proper salary?
Mr. HOLMAN. A very moderate salary.
Mr. MORGAN. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly.
Mr. MORGAN. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman if he does not think that all these
missions are useless?
Mr. HOLMAN. Certainly I do; I enter-
tain no doubt about it at all. I believe all
these offices useless beyond commercial agents.
There are some men here upon the floor of
this House now who I trust will be upon the
floor of this House when this whole miserable
piece of humbuggery will go to pieces, and
when, as is now done, any important thing
that is to be done will be done by the heads
of the respective State departments of the
several Governments.
In a few instances in our history—so few
that you could count them oil your fingers—
important things for the Government have
been done by our ministers abroad. Elihu B.
Washburne, our minister to France, has re-
flected credit upon the Government and done
honor to himself under peculiar circumstances,
which will not, perhaps, occur again in the
course of a life-time. But, with the solitary
exception of that strong man who, in a great
emergency, rose up equal to the occasion, there
has been no instance within twenty-five years
in which a minister of our country abroad
has reflected real credit upon the American
people.
Our whole idea that the comity of nations
requires us to maintain these ministers at all
foreign couutiies; the idea that the Govern-
ment must have at every foreign court an
official as the supposed representative of the
sovereign power, was imported from Europe,
and is so inconsistent with the genius of our
Government that it is strange it should ever
have found any countenance here.
I trust that the day will soon come when the
people of this country will understand all
about this matter. When a proposition is
brought forward to expend money abroad it
is taken for granted here that nobody knows
anything about it, that it is a subject beyond
the comprehension of the American citizen.
Thus everything pertaining to our foreign rela-
tions is conducted upon a more expensive and
extravagant basis than any other service that
we have.
Our minister to Japan, as I have already
stated, has been at this capital month after
month taking part in festivities, it being appa-
rently conceded that it is a matter of no con-
sequence whether he be in Japan or not, that
a mere clerk can perform all the duties there.
Yet we are now to add to our Japanese
embassy a secretary of legation, either because
the official burdens of our minister are too
great, or because we must add dignity to our
representation at Japan. And our commer-
cial relations with that nation are so close and
so important that for the purpose of having
persons there who can soeak the Japanese
language we must educate them at the expense
of the Government. Bah! I have no patience
with such propositions. If we have much inter-
course with Japan, I presume that we can find
people there who can speak the language.
But we have no commerce with Japan ; I trust
we never shall have. [Laughter.] We send
to that country bullion and bring back silk
and tea. Do you call that commerce'! That
is the only kind of commerce we have; and
it is for this tl at we must incur the expense
of educating boys to speak the Japanese lan-
guage. Those little islands out in the Pacific,
the Sandwich Islands, are of more consequence
to us than all Japan or China so far as com-
merce is concerned. We have real commerce
with the Sandwich Islands; but with Japan
we have no commerce. It is idle to call it
commerce where we merely send out the pre-
cious metals and receive in exchange tea and
silk.
But, as I said at the outset, I take it for
granted that this measure will pass, and it
will pass not only because of the great weight
which the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] can give it, but because also it is in
accordance with the traditional habit of the
House. A proposition to create a new office
seems to have a charm about it. The Blue
Book is not large enough; it must be still
further swelled. The time will come when
this chain of cobwebs which now binds the
industry and labor of this country to the
chariot-wheels of individual interests will be
swept away, and we shall have in power here
men who will weigh measures with reference
to the public welfare, and not with the view of
creating offices for the benefit of idle gentle-
men.
Mr. BROOKS rose.
Mr. BANKS. I resume the floor. I yield
for a moment to the gentleman from Califor-
nia, [Mr. Cogiilan.] I will afterward yield to
the gentleman tiom New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. COGHLAN. I wish to say a few words
in answer to the remarks of the gentleman fiotn
Indiana, [Mr. Holman.] I have seen Ameri-
cans who have visited Japan, and who have
felt ashamed at the manner in which our
embassy there is treated by an American
Congress. While every other civilized Gov-
ernment, by wise expenditure in maintaining
a proper diplomatic establishment, is endeav-
oring to gam the commerce of the E<ist, we
are sending out a shabby little embassy with-
out even a clerk to assist our minister. I
have learned from men who have been there,
that instead of having, as the representatives
of other civilized Governments have—as Eng-
land and France have—a proper room in
which to hold court, our minister is obliged to
hold court in his own private pailor, with a
lot of men spitting their tobacco and throwing
their cigars upon his wife's carpets. This is
the way in which our minister is compelled
to uphold the dignity of the Americdii name.
What is proposed here is exactly what Con-
gress should do in the premises. Here is a
new nation almost, a new nation to us, and all
the nations of the Westare striving to secure its
great commerce. The gentleman from Indi-
ana would not have this nation properly rep-
resented there. Our minister has now not the
