78
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12.
Mr. BANKS. This touches upon very dan-
gerous and very delicate ground.
The SPEAKER. The Chair only construes
the rule of the House.
Mr. BANKS. I • am aware of that; but I
was about to say that if a treaty is the law of
the land so far as to control the action of Con-
gress upon a question of appropriation of
money, then in that sense it may be, as the
Senate has sometimes claimed, that when the
Executive and the Senate have agreed to a
treaty, the concurrence of those two branches
of the Government is all that is necessary to
order the payment of money for the execution
of that treaty. But, sir, we have not conceded
that. We come before the House upon the
belief that this is a question of legislation, and
that it belongs to the proper committee.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has only argued
the parliamentary point—nothing further. _ It
is not for the Chair to discuss the propriety
of the rule; he is only construing it; and the
rule is explicit that appropriations to carry
into effect treaties must be considered by them-
selves. The gentleman from Massachusetts
• himself very ably sustained this view in the
case of the seven million dollar appropriation
for the purchase of Alaska, when a similar
point was raised.
Mr. BANKS. I accede to the propriety of
the suggestion of the Chair.
Mr. HALE. I wish to put a question to the
Speaker. Is not the bill in its present condi-
tion, as reported by the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, in the condition indicated by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts? Would not a
single objection now take it away from the
consideration of the House and carry it to the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union?
The SPEAKER. Undoubtedly; and no
appropriation from any committee can evade
that rule. The point made by the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Peters] was raised by the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.] The
duty of the Committee on Appropriations is
clearly defined. It is provided by the rules
that the Committee on Appropriations shall
report the general appropriation bills. It is
further provided that said committee shall
have leave to report said bills at any time.
Now, the jurisdiction of the committee to re-
port at any time does not go beyond this. The
power to report at any time is explicitly con-
fin ed to the general appropriation bills. Should
this bill, therefore, be referred to that commit-
tee, no doubt it would have the indulgence of
the House to report it back at any time; but
the rules do not give that committee any such
power.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the decision of the
House in reference to the point whether this
bill shall go to the Committee on Appropria-
tions or not?
Mr. DAWES. The Committee on Foreign
Affairs has no greater privilege in reference
to this bill than the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
The SPEAKER. Of course it has not.
The bill is before the House, and it came up
in the regular call of committees for reports
during the morning hour. TheCommitt.ee on
Foreign Affairs having been called, reported
this bill. One single objection will send it to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
Mr. DAWES. It depends on the unani-
mous consent of the House whether it shall
be considered in the House or not.
The SPEAKER. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. So that my friend and col-
league has no more right to report on this
subject than has the gentleman from Ohio.
The SPEAKER. It must go to the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
if there be a single objection, which point the
Chair has waived during the discussion of the
parliamentary point. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] desires the sense
of the House on the motion to refer to the
Committee on Appropriations, and until that
is decided the Chair reserves the point of
order as to whether the bill does not go to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the reason that it makes an
appropriation.
Mr. COX. Has that motion been made to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union?
The SPEAKER. If that motion be made
in the nature of an amendment to the motion
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania then it
would take precedence.
Mr. COX. Then I make that motion.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the gentleman will
first let the point of order be determined by
the House.
Mr. COX. I understand my motion takes
■Dr6CGdei3C6.
Mr. BANKS. I shall ask that the bill be
referred to the Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would not
feel disposed to enforce the point of order to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union so long as a major-
ity of the House might wish to refer to the
Committee on Appropriations. But if two
motions be pending, one to refer to the Com-
mittee of the Whole and another to a stand-
ing committee, the motion to refer to the Com-
mittee of the Whole must be submitted first
to the House. The Chair has not enforced
the rule in reference to sending this bill to the
Committee of the Whole, desiring that the
House should determine whether this bill
should go to the Committee on Appropriations
or not, and for this reason, that no gentleman
loses his right by the Chair not enforcing the
rule. For if the bill be referred, when it is
reported back to the House again the point of
order will be still good that the bill must have
its first consideration in the Committee of the
Whole, as it contains an appropriation.
Mr. BANKS. I ask that the vote may be
taken.
Mr. COX. I have made a motion to refer to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and for the reason-
Mr. BANKS. I do not wish to hear the
gentleman's reason. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
Mr. COX. I presume the gentleman wants
votes on this side of the House for his motion.
The SPEAKER. The question will be taken
first on the motion to refer to the Committee
of the Whole 011 the state of the Union.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
one hundred and fifty-three, noes not counted.
So the bill was referred to the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires not to
leave any point in doubt, and the Clerk will
therefore read the forty-third rule.
The Clerk read as follows :
"43. When a resolution shall be offered or a mo-
tion made to refer any subject, and different com-
mittees shall be proposed, thequestion shall be taken
in the following order:
"The Committee of the Whole House ontho state
of the Union ; the Committee of the Whole House;
a standing committee; a select committee."
Mr. BANKS. I ask to give notice that 011
Mondaynext, by direction of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs 
Several Members. Do it now.
Mr. BANKS. I move, on the suggestion
of my colleagues, that we go into Committee
of the Whole, to proceed with the consider-
ation of the bill.
Mr. COX. The bill is not now on our files.
The SPEAKER. The bill in charge of the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farxswortij]
would take precedence on the Calendar.
obder of business.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the apportion-
ment bill; and, pending that motion, I desire
to move that general debate be closed in fifteen
minutes.
Several Members. Oh, no.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well; I will
not press that. I yield for a moment to my
colleague, [Mr. McNeklx.]
BREVET BRIGADIER GENERAL G. W. BALLOCII.
Mr. McNEELY. I desire to offer the fol-
lowing resolution:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of War and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury be, and they are hereby, sev-
erally directed to inform this House of the circum-
stances attending the suspension of Brevet Brigadier
General George W. Balloch, and of tho subsequent
steps taken in the examination and settlement of
his accounts, so far as the same were brought to the
notice of their respective Departments.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the resolution be referred to the Committee
on Education and Labor.
Mr. McNEELY. I object to that reference.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Then I object
to the introduction of the resolution.
changes ox committees.
The SPEAKER. The Chair announces that
the gentleman from Connecticut, Mr. Kellogg,
will serveon the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, to fill the vacancy occasioned by the
resignation of Mr. Lynch, of Maine, and that
Mr. Stevbxson, of Ohio, now on the Commit-
tee on Patents, and Mr. Kei.logg, now on
the Committee on Public Lands, will take each
other's places on their respective committees.
Mr. RANDALL. I demand the regular
order.
apportionment bill.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
motion of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farksworth] that the rules be suspended and
the House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the apportionment bill.
The question being taken, the motion was
agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Bcffixton in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of House bill No.
243, for the apportionment of Representatives
to Congress among the several States accord-
ing to the ninth census.
The CHAIRMAN. The pending question
is on the amendment offered by the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Marshall] to the amend-
ment of the gentleman's colleague, [Mr.
FarnSworth,] which the Clerk will report.
The Clerk read as follows:
After the words " at large,"in line twelve, section
two, Mr. Farxswortii's amendment, insert: "And
in all elections of Representatives aforesaid each
qualified voter may east as many votes for one can-
didate as there are Representatives to be elected by
the State at large, or may distribute the same, or
equal parts thereof, among the candidates, as he
shall see fit, and the candidate receivingthe great-
est number of votes shall be declared elected."
The CHAIRMAN. When the committee
rose yesterday the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Merctjr] was entitled to the floor.
Mr. MERCUR. Mr. Chairman, during the
discussion of this question yesterday several
gentlemen invoked the powerof the fourteenth
amendment as bearing upon the whole ques-
tion of apportionment. A greatquestion does
arise under this fourteenth amendment. It
provides, in substance, that if any State denies
the right of suffrage to any of its male inhab-
itants, being twenty one years of age and citi-
zens of the United States, or in any way
abridges the right to vote, except for partici-
pation in rebellion or other crime, the basis
of representation therein shall be reduced in
the proportion which the number of such male
citizens shall bear to the whole number of
male citizens twenty-one years of age in such
State.
This fourteenth amendment, like many other
parts of the Constitution, does not enforcc
itself It required legislation in order to give
practical effect to its-terras. Now, I take it
upon myself to say that Congress has passed
