974
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 12,
pittsbtjbg post office.
Mr. NEQLEY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, directed to furnish the House of
Representatives with the official report and all other
information he has relating to the condition of the
post offioe and United States court-room in the city
of Pittsburg, and to the marine hospital in the city
of Pittsburg, accompanied with the opinion of the
supervising architect as to the expediency of erect-
ing a new building.
regular order op business.
Mr. STEVENSON. I call for the regular
order, which is a motion to suspend the rules,
•coming over from last Monday.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is correct,
and if the Chair's attention had been called
to it he would have taken the vote on it before.
The gentleman from Georgia [Mr. Young]
has the floor, and if there be no objection the
question on his motion will be first taken.
Mr. STEVENSON. I do not object to that.
john j. smith, of vicksburg, mississippi.
Mr. YOUNG. I will yield to the gentle-
man from Mississippi, [Mr. Perce.]
Mr. PERCE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to communicate to this House all informa-
tion he may have in regard to the seizure, receipt,
sale, and disposition of the proceeds of seven bales
of cotton, the property of or claimed by John J.
Smith, of Vicksburg, Mississippi.
telegraphic communication.
Mr. YOUNG. I now yield to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Wood.]
Mr. WOOD, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, reported
back House bill No. 32, relating to telegraphic
communication between the United States and
foreign nations; which was ordered to be
printed and recommitted.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
removal oe political disabilities.
Mr. YOUNG, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
llesolved, That the Judiciary Committee of this
House be, and is hereby, instructed to report a bill at
its earliest convenience for the removal of political
disabilities of all persons who may have applied to
the Congress of the United States for relief from such
disabilities.
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the motion to suspend the rules, coming
over from last Monday, made by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Stevenson,] and the Chair
desires to have the attention of the House
for a few moments in order that hereafter no
member may be taken unawares. If at the
end of sixty minutes this morning the demand
for the regular order had been made, the Chair
would have been compelled to take the question
forthwith on the motion to suspend the rules
coming over from last Monday. The matter,
however, had escaped his attention. If the
demand had been made, gentlemen who were
not in during the morning hour when States
were called for bills and resolutions would not
have had the opportunity, which has been
since afforded them, to present bills out of the
regular order for reference. Had the regular
order been called by a single gentleman, all the
bills and resolutions which have been intro-
duced out of order by gentlemen who were
not present when their States were called would
have been cut off.
The Chair begs now to make one request
for himself. On the call of States, or the
first call on Monday morning, the attention
of the Chair is needed every moment, and
while he is glad to see gentlemen s,i hi§ desl?
at any other time, he must say that members
who come to prefer requests at that time seri-
ously interfere with his ability to properly
attend to the public business. Gentlemen have
come and reminded him of understandings
they believed him to have made during the
morning hour while the States were rapidly
being called for the introduction of bills and
resolutions, when he is utterly oblivious of
any such understanding having been made.
His attention is absorbed to such an extent by
the current business that it is impossible for
him to hear what gentlemen say during the
call of States on Monday morning. At any
other time he will be glad to see members at
his desk, but he requests they will not during
the morning hour on Monday prefer their
requests, as it very seriously interferes with
the proper discharge of the public business.
protection op civil rights.
The question in order was on the motion of
Mr. Stevenson, to suspend the rules and pass
the following resolution, coming over from
Monday last:
Resolved, That we recognize as valid and binding
all existing laws passed by Congress for the enforce-
ment of the thirteenth, fourteenth, and fifteenth
amendments to the Constitution of the United States,
and for the protection of citizens in their rights
under the Constitution as amended.
Mr. ELDREDGE. Are those not proper
questions for the adjudication of the Supreme
Court of the United States?
The House divided; and there were—ayes
68, nays 64.
Mr. STEVENSON called for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas, and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and there were—
yeas 107, nays 65, not. voting 67 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Averill, Banks,
Barber. Barry, Beatty, Beveridge, Bigby, Bingham,
Boles. George M. Brooks, Buffinton, Burehard.Bur-
dett, Benjamin F. Butler, Freeman Clarke, William
T. Clarke, Cobb, Cobum, Coghlan, Conger, Cot-
ton, Dawes, Donnan, Duell, Dunnell, Finkelnburg,
Charles Poster, Wilder D. Foster, Frye, Garfield,
Goodrich, Hale, Halsey, Harmer, Havens, Hawley,
Hay, Hays, Gerry W. Hazelton, John W. Hazelton,
Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Kelley, Keteham, Killingcr,
Lamport, Lansing, Lowe, Maynard. McGrew. Mc-
Junkin.MeKee, Mercur, Merriam, Morphis, Leon-
ard Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer,
Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron P.
Perry, Peters. Piatt, Poland,Porter, Prindle, itainey,
Ellis H. Roberts, Husk, Sargent, Seeley, Shanks,
Sheldon, Shellabarger, John A. Smith, Snapp,
Snyder. Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Starkweather,
Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, Sypher, Taffe,
Washington Townsend, Turner. Twichell, Tyner,
Upson, Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, Wallace,
Whiteley, Willard, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah
M. Wilson, and John T. Wilson—107.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adains, Arthur, Beck,
Bell, Bird, Bright, James Brooks, Caldwell, Com-
ingo, Conner, Cox, Crossland, Davis, Dox, DuBose,
Duke, Eldredge, Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Griffith,
Haldeman, Handley, Hanks, John T. Harris, Hern-
don, Hibbard, Holman, King, Kinsella, Lamison,
Lewis, McClelland, MeCormick, McIIenry, Mcln-
tyrc, McNeely, Merrick,Niblack, HoseaW. Parker,
Eli Perry, Potter, Price, Randall, Read. John M.
Rice, William R. Roberts, Sherwood, Shober,Slater,
Slocum, Sloss, Stevens, Storm, Vaughan. Voorhees,
Waddell, Warren, Wells, Whitthorne, Williams of
NewYork; Winchester, Wood, and Young—-So.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Barnum, Biggs,
Austin Blair, James GK Blair, Braxton, Buckley,
Roderick R.Butler, Campbell, Carroll, Crebs.Creely,
Critcher, Darrall, fie Large. Dickey Eames, Ellioti,
Ely, Farnsworth, Farwell, Porker, Henry D.Foster,
Hambleton, Hancock, Harper. George B. Hariis,
Hereford, Houghton, Kellogg, Kendall.Kcrr, Leach,
Lynch, Manson, Marshall, McCrary, McKinney,
Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Monroe, Moore,
Morey, Morgan, Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie. Robin-
son, Rogers, Roosevelt, Sawyer, Scofield, Sessions,
Shoemaker, H. Boardman Smith, Worthington C.
Smith, R. Milton Speer, Strong, St. John, Suther-
land; Swann, Terry, Thomas. Dwight Townsend,
Tuthill. Van Trump, Walls, and Wheeler—67.
So (two thirds not having voted in favor
thereof) the rules were not suspended.
duties ojj tea and combe.
Mr. MERCUR. I move that the rules
be suspended, and the following resolution
adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be, and hereby is, instructed to report a bill repeal-
ing all import duties upon tea and coffee.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Mercur] to agree to have
his resolution simply referred to the com-
mittee.
Mr. MERCUR. I would rather have a v®te
upon it before the Committee of Ways and
Means reports the general tariff bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. Let the resolution be
again reported.
The resolution was again read.
Mr. HOLMAN. Will not the gentleman
add salt to that ?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Would it be
in order to move to amend the resolution by
inserting iron and steel?
The SPEAKER. It would not. A resolu-
tion, introduced under a motion to suspend
the rules, cannot be amended.
Mr. HOLMAN. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken: and there were—
yeas 139, nays 37, not voting 63; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Ames,
Arthur, Averill, Banks, Barber, Beatty, Bell, Bigby,
Bingham, Austin Blair, James G. Blair, Bright,
George M. Brooks, Buffinton, Burdett, Benjamin F.
Butler, Caldwell, William T. Clarke, Cobb, Coghlan,
Conger, Conner, Crebs, Crossland, Davis, Donnan,
Duell, Duke, Dunnell, Eldredge, Charles Foster,
Wilder D. Foster, Frye. Garrett, Getz, Golladay,
Goodrich. Griffith, Haldeman, Halsey, Handley,'
Hanks, Harmer, John T. Harris, Havens, Gerry W.
Hazelton, John W. Hazelton, Herndon, Hill. Hoar,
Hoiman, Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall,
Keteham, Kil linger. King, Lamison, Lamport, Lan-
sing, Leach, Lowe, Manson, Maynard, McClelland,
McCormick, McGrew, Mclntyre, McJunkin, Mc-
Kee, McKinney, McNeely, Mercur, Merriam, Mon-
roe. Morgan, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley, Nib-
lack, Packard, Packer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pen-
dleton, Perce, Eli Perry. Piatt, Porter. Price, Prin-
dle, Rainey, Randall, Read, John M. Rice, Ellis
H. Roberts, William R. Roberts. Sargent. Sawyer,
Seeley, Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Sherwood,
Shober, Worthington C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder,
Thomas J. Speer, Sprague. Starkweather, Storm,
Sutherland, Sypher, Taffe, Washington Townsend,
Turner, Tyner, Upson, Vaughan, Voorhees,Waddell,
Walden, Waldron, Wallace, Wells, Wheeler, White-
ley, Whitthorne, Williams of Indiana, Jeremiah M.
Wilson, John T. Wilson, Winchester, Wood, and
Young—139.
MAYS—Messrs. Beck, Beveridge, Bird, James
Brooks, Burchard, Freeman Clarke, Coburn. Comin-
go. Cotton, Dawes, Farnsworth, Finkelnburg, Gar-
field, Hale, Hawley, Hibbard, Hooper, Kerr, Kin-
sella, Lewis, Merrick, Moore, Orr, Palmer, Hqsea W.
Parker, Aaron F. Perry, Poland, Potter, Slater, John
A. Smith, Stevens, Stoughton, Stowell, Twichell,
Wakeman, Warren, and Willard—37.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Archer, Barnum, Barry,
Biggs, Boles, Braxton, Buckley, Roderick R. But-
ler, Campbell, Carroll, Cox, Creely, Critcher. Dar-
rall, De Large, Dickey, Dox. DuBose. Eames, El-
liott, Ely, Farwell, Porker. Henry D. Foster, Ham-
bleton, Hancock, Harper, George E. Harris, Hay,
Hays, Hereford, Lynch, Marshall, McCrary. Mc-
IIenry, Benjamin F. Meyers.Mitchell,Morey, Peters,
Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie, Itobinson, Rogers, Roose-
velt. Rusk. Scofield, Sessions, Shoemaker, Slocum,
Sloss, H. Boardman Smith, R. Milton Speer, Ste-
venson, Strong, St. John, Swann, Terry, Thomas,
Dwight Townsend, Tuthill, Van Trump, Walls, and
Williams of New York—63.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended, and the resolution was
agreed to.
message erom the president.
A message from the President, by Mr. Hor-
ace Porter, his Secretary, informed the House
that the President had approved and signed a
bill (H. R. No. 1076) establishing certain post
roads in Vermont.
springfield akmory.
Mr. HOAR, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be requested
to lurmsh the House, as early asmay be practicable,
the following information in regard to the United
Hates armory at Suringfield: first, the number of
Spnngfae.d breeeh-loadmg rifle muskets manufac-
tured, and the actual cost of labor on the shkig for
each ot the loll owing years: 1867,1808,1869, 1870, and
18(1; second, the numberof Enfield muskets repaired,
and the actual cost of labor on the same, exclusive
of new parts, in the. quarters ending July 1. 1868,
•and April 1, 1871; third, copies of the report of the
ioreman made m August and September, 1868, rela-
tive to the working of the eight and ten-hour sys-
tems; fourth,the namesof thepiece jobsupon which
the foreman's reports were founded, and the tariff
