26
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 6,
Senats.-
Rights of Citizens—Mr, Thwrman. •
42d Cong 2d Sess.
Here is a great ■ and most valuable right
secured to the-si.tiaeas pf the- United States*
It protects theca, against any establishment of'
religion by act of Congress, and it secures to-
every man, woman, and child in the country
♦he right to the free, exercise of .religion ; and.
it is. secured, by the Constitution. Further-
more;- ,
' 'Or abridge the freedom of speech or of the press."
Here are great rights secured to the people.
Freedom of the press and freedom of speech
are made rights of the citizen which Congress
cannot abridge. Again, sir:
"Or the risrht of the people peaceably to assemble
and to petition the Government for a redress of
grievances."
Here is another great right recognized and
secured. Again. .
. • ■ "Article II.
" A well-regulated militia being necessary to the
security of a free State, the right of the people to
keep and bear arms shall not be infringed.
Here ig another right of a citizen ofthe Uni-
ted States, expressly declared to be his right—
the right to bear arms; and this right, says the
Constitution, shall not be infringed,'
"Akticle III.
"No."soldier shall, in time of peace, fee-quartered
in any h&'tise wifchoatsthe eoiisent of 'the-owner, nor
in time of war tat in a manner tol be" prescribed
by Jaw."
Here is another right of the' citizen recog-
nized, a right to be wholly exempt from basing
soldiera quartered upon him in time of peace,
and also in time of war except in such manner
as may be provided by law. Then in article four
there is nothing but rights:
" The right of the people to.be secure in their
persons, houses, papers, and effects against unrea-
sonable search en a"nd seizures shall not be violated,
and no warrant shall issue, but upon probable
cause, supported by oath or affirmation, and par-
ticularly describing the place to be searched, and
the persons or things to be seized." '
What a grand group of rights are these 1
Then comes article five:
" No personshallbe held to answer for. a.capital
or otherwise iftfamous crime, unlesStfn a presentment
or indietoieqt of agraqdjury, except in oaies arising
in the land or naval forces, or in the militi&, when
in actual service in time of war or public clanger;
nor shall any person be stioj'eet for the same offense
to be twice pat in jeopardy of life or limb; nor shall
be compelled in any criminal, case to be a witness
agninst himself, nor be deprived of life, liberty,
or property, without due process of law; nor shall
private property be taken for public-: use, without
just compensation."
Here are a. whole elass of rights, among
tlie most important belonging to the citizen,
recognized', defined, and protected by tie
Constitution. Then comes article six :
"fn all criminal prosecutions the accused shall
eiijoy the right to a speedy and public trial by an
impartial jury of the State and district wherein the
crimeshalihave^peencommitted, which distrjetsbalt
have bebn previously ascertained by law, and-to be
informed of the nature and pause of the^ accusation;
to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to
have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses, in
liis favor, and to have the' assistance of counsel for
his defease."
Here is another great class of rights recog-
nized',' defined, and secured by the Constitu-
tion. Then comes, article seven, which gives
the right of jury trial in all commOn'-law cases'
where the amount in controversy shall exceed
twenty" dollars. Then article eight,' which
provides that "excessive bail! shall not be
required, nor excessive fines, imposed, nor
cruel or unusual punishments inflicted."
These articles all recognize the rights of citi-
zens' of the United States, and, as I have
repeatedly said, their recognition is equal to
any definition.
Mr. SHERMAN'. If my colleague will allow'
me, if he will turn to the ninth article of
amendment he -will see that there are other
rights beyond those recognized.
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly; but my col-
league said that-the rights of acitizen of the
United States were not defined in the Consti-
tution."
Mr. SHERMAN, All of them.
Mr, THURMAN.- I understood him to say
thgy yere. .not defined. I say that that is a
grave, a grievous mistake. They are defined.
But .-let us proceed to tbe next article.
.Mr. SHERMAN. I stated that we must
first' look to the Constitution of - the United
States for our rights as citizens, and then as
the-Congtitution itself did not enumerate all
the rights of citizens we loot io the Declara-
tion of Independence and the .common law-of
England.
Mr. THURMAN. T did not so understand
my colleague. There are certain other rights
that are secured- by the late amendments to
the Constitution. I need only refer to them ;
they have been sufficiently commented upon.
I now eotne to article nine of the amendments:
" The enumeration in the Constitution of certain
rights shall not be construed to deny or disparage
others retained by the people.".
My colleague is entirely mistaken if he sup-
poses that these other rights which are retained
by tlie people are rights-tbat appertain to them,
in their character, of citizens of the United
States. It is. true they are rights, but they are
rights which .have never been surrendered to this
Government; and that they are not their rights
in their character of citizens of the United
States is further shown by the fact that what-
ever right.-a man has a  a citizen of the United
States, that right the Government,pan protect
The power of the Government is commeristi-
rate with tbe rights of the citizens of tlie United
States, and therefore whatever right a man has
as a citizen of the United States, that right the
Government has the power to protect in the
mode provided by the Constitution. What is
that mode is another question upon which I
have expressed my opinion again and again,
namely, that it is by the exercisc of the judi-
cial power conferred by the Constitution and
not by such legislation as is proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts. But in one way
or .the other, the power of the Government is
commensurate with the rights.of the citizens
of the United States, but these, other rights
that are retained by the people have not been
surrendered to the Government at all, and it
has no jurisdiction over them. The people
hold them not as, citizens of the United States,
but so to speak, in despite ofthe United States.
They hold them against the Government of the
United States.by as good a title as they hold
them against the world. They belong to them
as people or as individuals. They have never
surrendered them to any Government, and
they do not hold them by the gra«e of any
Government.whatsoever; they hold thepi be-
cause they were and are their inherent nat-
ural rights which have never been surrendered.
Mr. President, it is a most dangerous heresy
to say that the rights, privileges, and immuni-
ties of .citizens of the United States belonging
to them in that character are not to be found
in. tbe ConstitutiQn. They are, sir. Every
right, e.yery privilege, every immunity that
belongs to a man as a citizen of the United
States is, found in the Constitution. If not,
where are we to find tbem ? Where are we to
find a definition of them ? The Senator from
Massachusetts finds the definition in the Dec-
laration of Independence;, another Senator
finds it in something else; and so on to the end
of tic chapter; and we have nothing certain,
nothing definite, nothing upon which any man
can rely. Sir, that will' not do. The Con-
stitution of the United States was intended for
a perfect system of government,, and so far
as tlte rights of the citizen are concerned it
recognizes all the rights that belong to him in
the character of a citizen of the United States,
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Saw-
xer,), Will the Senator from Ohio yield to
the Senator from Vermont?
Mr. .THURMAN. 1 would rather not just
now. I would rattier not, because when I am
en'deavQritSgte make a compact argument, I do
not like to be interrupted. I will answer any
question the Senator may put to me after I
am through with the greatest pleasure. Be-
sides, the Senator from Vermont is so much
accustomed to putting smart questions in the
middle of an argument, the thread of which
ought not .to be broken, that I have begun to
be a little chary of how I submit to his inter-
ruptions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend must excuse
me. I was not going to put a smart question
at all;. I never do. I merely wished to ask
him what he thought the fourteenth amend-
ment really did mean, if he would give us the
benefit of his .advice.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator had put
that question, it would only have shown how
really inopportune his interruption was. I will,
if necessary, speak particularly of the four-
teenth amendtnent before I get through, with-
out, I hope, wearying the attention of the Sen-
ate. What I am now trying to prove is that
the rights of the citizen, as such, are found in
the Constitution.
Mr. President, that being the ca.se, I put it
lo any Senator, where is there in the Constitu-
tionof the United States any such rightguaran-
tied to a citizen as that he tjha.il go into aeom-
nion school in company with every other child
that goes to that common school? Where is
there- auy provision in the Constitution that
gives him a right to sit upon a jury in a State
court ?
Mr., EDMUNDS. Do I understand my
friend to wish that question answered now ?
Mr. THURMAN. I am willing to take the
answer, now.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well;. I think I
can give the answer. The Constitution of
the United States guaranties equality in civil
rights, and the equal protection of law; and
when the law sets up a common school, whkih
is the creature of the law, there eannot-.be
equality of protection, and equality of right
when the law <>f the State, if you please, de-
clares that a man of one color of hair or of
skin may send his children, and the man of
another color of hair may not send his.
Mr. THURMAN. Now, to what provision
of the Constitution does the Senator refer?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well, we will take the
fourteenth amendment, which says that there
shall be equal protection. I
Mr. THURMAN. Well, I am willing to
consider that at once. The substance of the
Senator's position is simply this: that although
a State may give to every child in it equal
advantagesof education, itshallhave no power
of regulation over its schools. That is what it
comes to.
Mr. EDMUNDS, Oh no.
Mr. THURMAN-. It does; let the Sena-
tor hear me and he will see. Let me turn the
argument of the Senator. Is not a female
child a citizen ? Is she not entitled to equal
rights? Why, then, do you allow your school
directors to provide a school for her separate
from a school for the male? Why do you not
force them into the same school? Why do
you arllow the States to separate the sexes in
the schools if every school that is set up audi
supported by public money is necessarily
thrown open to every citizen of the United
States? Will the Senator say that all the liws
of the States providing for a division of the
schools by sexes are unconstitutional and
infringe the fourteenth amendment? He can-
not say that; and if he cannot say that, his
argument falls to tlie ground- Does not the
separation exist by virtue of the power of
regulation, ;which belongs to the State ? AH
that can be claimed is this, that in regard to
schools supported by the public money, that
