18*72.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-,
2%
42d Cong....2d
Bights of Citizens—Mr . Tliurrnan.
SsNATB#
money shall be so applied as that each citizen
shall have an equal advantage, from its. appli*
cation. Therefore, preserving that equality,
the State in the exercise af its power of reg-
ulation may apply a part of it to support a
school for hoys, a part of it to support a
school for girls, a part .of -it to■ support a
school for white children, a part of it ,to sup-
pOEt a school for colored children. That is
not denying them the equal protection of
the-laws in any sense whatsoever. In no wise
is it denying them the equal protection, of the
laws. In no sense is it denying their equality
before the law. .
This brings m© to consider another point
which I had intended to speak of a little further
on in the course of my remarks, but X may as
well speak of it now, and that is that the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts in-
stead of being an amendment in the interest
of liberty is an amendment in the interest of
despotism. It is a provision which, if enacted
into law, will be the most despotic provision
pdrhaps to- be found on this globe.
What is the true idea of civil liberty? It is
simply that every citizen shall have a right to
do what to him seemeth good, so far as he can
do so without infringing the rights of others
or endangering the peace of society Or the
existence or just powers of the Government.
The Government has 110 right to interfere with
his liberty unless it is necessary in order to
protect other people, or t,o protect itself. Just
so far as it oversteps that boundary, just so
far does it become a tyraut. And now, that
being the case, what should be the liberty of
a citizeu in regard to church, or school, or
place of amusement? I say that it is in the
interest of liberty that if any number of per-
sons in the land, shall see tit to establish a
theater or a place of public amusement for
a particular class, they shall have the right
to do- it, and you abridge and restrain their
liberty.if you take -from them that right. It
is not necessary to deny them the liberty to
choose their own associates in places of public
amusement, in the church, or in the school.
It is not necessary to the public satety or to the
preservation of the rights of others that that
privilege should bo denied or abridged. Do
we not exercise it every day ?
The Senator from Massachusetts says he
does not Waal to interfere with the social con-
dition of the people; that this is no attempt
to force colored people into the social circle.
Why, sir, are all the social circles confined to
men's own hearth-stones ? Are those the only
social circles of the country? Are not your
club-houses social institutions ; and does not
<jvery club regulate for itself whom, it will
admit? There is in the city of New York, I
believe, a club of fat men, and no man is
allowed to be a member of that club unless he
weighs three hundred pounds. [Laughter.]
Is that an infringement of the.rights and privi-
leges of, the lean men ? Must. Congress pass a
law to force the lean men on. those fat fellows
in the social intercourse of .their- club, and in
the enjoyment of all its rights, privileges, and
immunities?. [Laughter.]
Mr. -MORTON, -Can we not say that men
shall be not excluded on the ground of color?
Mr.. THURMAN. If the colored men should
see fit to establish, a club of black fat men, or
fat black men—whichever is the proper expres-
sion—I do not see that they ought to.be deprived
of the privilege of doing it. Nay, more, sir, if
the red-headed men in the city of Washington
should choose to form a club of red-headed
men, and say that nobody but red-headed men
should be members of that club, I-think they
ought to have that privilege, even it they have
to get a license, or if they have to get® char-
ter- of incorporation to preserve their prop-
erty. If white men of this country see lit to
form a Masonic or Odd Fellows.' lodge, or any
other, mutual beneyolent society, and, say that
nohody but white, met), shall belong, to it;
if they see fit-to choose their own associates.
and beneficiaries iu. these charitable' institu-
tions, supported by their own means, and itt
which contributions are made by each mem.-,
ber for the aid of any one of the brotherhood
who may fall into .distress, I do .not see why
they shonld be deprived of, the right to do so.
I do not see why they should not be allowed
to limit their .charity to those whom they see
fit to make the objects of it. .
So, sir, if black people or white people see
fit to establish a church, and to say that that
is a church for white people or a church for
black people alone—although I agree that if
there is any place on the face of God's'globe
in which there ought to be equality, it is in
a church, where all are - equal before their
Maker, yet if they see fit to do. so I am not
in favor of abridging their liberty. And so,
sir, if the supreme power in a State, in the
exercise of a wise judgment and discretion,
and for the interest of education and of its
youth, sees fit to make a regulation that white
childien shall be in one school,and colored
children in another, I,am not in-favor of do-
priviug them of that right, of denying them
that liberty. , ■ • ,
VVhile I am on this subject let me say fur-
ther, that of all insidious blows that ever were
aimed at the poor white people of this country
this proposition to force negroes into the com-
mon schools ,in association with the whites is
exactly the most deadly and inimical. My
friend from Delaware [Mr. SatjLsbukyJ re-
ferred to this in well-chosen and well-spoken
words the other day. Why, sir, how iSithow?
You have your common schools. My St^te
contributes $9,000,000 a year to the support
of common schools, Her people are' taxed
$9,000,000 every year far the support of com-
ijpO•UL/vj\A/v cVc  J j CoJ. Jwi viiv , ,,,
moil schools, nearly 'twice as- rirocji as the
people of any otheT State in the Union, unless
it may be New York-; and yet she has always
had the'schools for the whites separate from the
schools for the blacks, notwithstanding which
the colored people of Ohio have had their fall
share of the educational advantages in that
State And now, sir, mark it, although that
State contributes $9,000,000 to the support of
common schools, Ipractically what do we see?
Wesee manymen of wealth sending their chil-
dren from their homes, sending them hundreds
of miles, some of them a thousand miles or more,
to be educated afrprivate seminaries; but the
poor man must send his child to the common
school, or it must go without education. When,
therefore, you shall force colored children into
the common school, you will not force them
into an association with the children of the
rich, (the children of the rich will not be there,)
but you -will foree them into social intercourse
with the children of the poor whites; and the
tendeucy Of your layr, instead off bemg to ele-
vate the colored race to the level of the white,
will be to pull down the poor white- child to
the level of the black. That is the whole
tendency of the thing.. Instead of elevating
the negro, it is to depress the white. Ihe
rich man's child goes to s,ome'seminary ot
learniug supported by wealth and the, con-
tributions -of the rich; he, associates with no
colored child. He says, in the language of
the Sena tor from Massachusetts, that there is
no such tiling as equality in the social circle
between the two races, that the law has nothing
to do with that; he stands on that; and although
the Declaration of Independence, on which the
Senator relies, makes no distinction between
the social circle and any other circle, yetthe
child repudiates the Declaration so,for,as that
is. concerned, and says he will not have .social
intercourse as an equal with the colored chua.
That is what the rich man's child, spya; but the.
poor man'st child must have that social equal-,
ity thrust upon him, or he must go without eela«
cation. ■ I say in the interest of the common-,
schools, of which, I- have been a, supporter ever,
since I had a vote, o,f,which. I have been more,
thaa-a supporter, for I served six years in the
liumbla office of a school doctor, and; per-,
forced much and onerous labor in that office
X say from' experience, first, that there is no
necessity for this admixture-in the schools;
and, in'the second place, that the worst enemy
of the common-school system could not devise
a worse thrust at it than this very amendment
Of the Senator from Massachusetts.
And now a word about cemetery associa-
tions. I do not know whether they have been
stricken out of the amendment or not; have
they? ["Nol" "Not"] They arestill in it,
then, and they are also in ,the substitute pro-
posed by the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. .CARPENTER. So far as they are
supported by taxation.
Mr. THURMAN. That reminds, me of the
trouble the Senator would have in convicting
anybody under his cemetery clause. I will
say to him now, as a sort of interlude to this
serious speaking, that his amendment provides
that citizens shall have equal privileges and
accommodations in all cemeteries organized
by law. I think when a man is dead he is no
longer a citizen of the United States. [Laugh-
ter.] How then could there be a, conviction
under the law? ■ . .
Mr. CARPENTER. I take it in regard to
a cemetery, to speak seriously upon so grave
a subject, that it is the privilege of a citizen to
bury his relatives ; and although the dead per-
son might in a technical sense cease to be a
citizen, his living relative would bo a citizen,
and would be. entitled to that last, sad accom-
modation of burying his dead in that cemeteiy.
Mr. .THURMAN. Then it would give my
friend a good deal of trouble to know who
should be the qui tam informer under his
amendment. He does not limit it, I believe,
to any relative of the deceased or to anybody
who is particularly interested ill the resting-
place of the deceased; but any loafer who
hangs around a grave-yard, like a jackal look-
ing for prey, may bring bis action qm torn to
have $500 damages, one half to himself, be-
cause the cemetery association did not bury
some pegro. [Laughter.] I submit that that
is not exactly the right kind of a law for us.to
enact. No, sir. I grant that when we are
laid away in our last resting-place, there is no
distinction between Cassar and a slave, and
that every being in the human, form is entitled
to decent burial; but are you going to restrict
the liberty of people to select their own cem-
etery. according to their own tastes and their
own feelings? In this country when I was a
youth there were many private cemeteries, be-
longing each to a single family, and there would
be many more now but for the fact that incor-
porated associations are preferred, because
they have a perpetual duration and a certain
fund to enable them to keep their grounds in
better condition than any owner of a Prlv?t®
cemetery could keep his. But are you going
to deprive people of that right? If a family
shall see fit to have its own cemetery for we
members of its own family and those con
nected by blood or affinity with it, and in oider
to maintain such a oemetery they obtain an act
of incorporation which, may be indispensable,
are you going to thrust into that cemetery,
acainst their will, the body of any man, be he
S or be hr,wU? And yet that ,is .what
this bill proposes.' If you, sir, were to est^b-
lhsh a cemetery where you reside, for yotu.e f
and vour posterity, to be limited to them,. to
be limited to those who may be descended from
your loins, and to thoae wlio may be connected
