1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
975
on the same in June, 1868, and as it now stands on
the books in 1872; filth, the amount and cost of sas
and coal used in the quarters ending January 1,1868,
and 1869: sixth, wis the number of foremen, assist-
ant foremen, clerks, messengers, inspectors,or day
"workmen increased when the eight-hour law went
into eff'cet? If so, please state the per cent, as com-
pared with the number of piece workmen employed
at that period.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN OHIO.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on the
Judiciary the bil! (H. R. No. 534) to provide
for holding tlie United States district court
in the city of Toledo. The bill is purely
local in its character, and involves no increase
of cost.
Tiie bill was read. It provides that there
shall be two terms of the United States dis-
trict court for the northern district of Ohio
held in the city of Toledo in each year from
and after the passage of this act, the time and
the length of the terms to be fixed by the
judge of the court.
No objection was made: and the bill was
received, and ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NORTHERN PACIFIC ItAILKOAD.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, obtained
the floor.
Mr. BANKS. Will my colleague yield to
me for a moment to offer a resolution which I
think will give rise to no objection ?
Mr. BU i'LER, of Massachusetts. Certainly.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Jieaolved, That the standing committee of the
House 011 the Pacific railway be, and hereby is, in-
stiucted to investigate and report upon the actual
condition of the affairs of the Northern Pacific
ltailway Company, and that the said committee be
authorized to send for persons and papers.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by winch the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TREATS' OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I ask
unanimous consent, to offer the following reso-
lution:
Resolvetl. That the President be, and hereby is,
requested, if not inconsistent with the public inter-
ests, to give to the House any official iniormation he
may have of any intention or design of her Majes-
ty's Government of Great Britain to withdraw from
or impede io its execution any provision of the
treaty of Washington, and cspeciatly the hearing
belore the tribunal of arbitration at Geneva.
Mr. BANKS. The Government has no
information of the kind.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. If not,
let us ascertain the fact.
Mr. BANKS. We do not want such a res-
olution as this.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Why not?
Mr. BANKS. Because we know that they
have not the information.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I suggest to
the gentleman that the words "if not incom-
patible with the public interests" should be
inserted in his resolution.
Mr. MAYNARD. That reservation is usual.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
already provided for in the resolution. 1 move
that ihe rules be suspended and the resolution
passed.
The question was put; and there were—
ayes 02, noes 09.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So (two thirds not voting in favor thereof)
the rules were not suspended.
J. scott payne.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 1530) for the
relief of Lieutenant J. Scott Payne ; which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
reorganization 0* treasury department.
Mr. CONGER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill (H. R. No. 1531) to provide for
the reorganization of the Treasury Depart-
ment of the United States; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. CONGER. I move that this bill be
referred to the Committee on the Reorganiza-
tion of the Civil Service, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. DAWES. I think that should be re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. CONGER. This subject has already
been referred to the Committee on the Reor-
ganization of the Civil Service.
The motion of Mr. Conger to refer and
print was agreed to.
prisoners op war.
Mr. SHANKS. I move that the rules be
so suspended as to allow me to introduce and
the House to pass a joint resolution in rela-
tion to prisoners of war.
The joint resolution, which was read, author-
izes and requests the President of the United
States to open friendly correspondence and
negotiations with any and all civilized nations
with a view to procure the'adoption in the laws
of nations of a provision that captives in war
shall not be personally retained as prisoners,
but shall, under flags of truce, be returned at
the earliest possible time to their own lines or
vessels, and paroled until properly exchanged,
so that the books of the commissioners of
exchange'of the respective belligerents shall
determine the relative advantage in captives,
and thus the onerous burdens and sacrifices
of prison-life be prevented. •
Pending the motion to suspend the rules,
Mr. PENDLETON moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at two o'clock and fifty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. AMBLER: The petition of Lieuten-
ant J. Armstrong and 72 others, citizens of
Stark county, Ohio, who were Union soldiers
in the late war, praying the passage of a law
equalizing bouuties at the rate of $8 33J per
month for time of service, and granting lands
without actual settlement to soldiers, sailors,
and marines in the war for the suppression of
the rebellion.
By Mr. BEATTY: The petition of E. W.
Benson and others, asking that the act granting
pensions to soldiers of the war of 1812 be so
amended as to include those who served less
than sixty days, and their widows.
By Mr. BIRD: The petition of citizens of
New Jersey, regarding the laws governing ap-
pointments and removals from office, salaries,
and seizures of private books and papers.
By Mr. BROOKS, of New York: The peti-
tion of the New York Chamber of Commerce
for relief of shipping, and suggesting, first,
relief for ship stores in bond as well as raw
material; and second, a suspension for two
years of the law against purchasing foreign-
built vessels.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
William T. Davis and others, of Plymouth,
Massachusetts, heirs of the original claimants,
for a bill for indemnity for French spoliations.
Also, the memorial of Freeman & Hiliiard
and 75 others, citizens of Provincetown, Mas-
sachusetts, praying the improvement- of the
harbor of New Castle, Delaware.
By Mr. COBURN: The memorial of the
Board of Trade of Indianapolis, Indiana, in
relation to the improvement of Michigan City
harbor.
By Mr. COGHLAN: The petition of James
E. Barnes and 9 others, praying relief.
Also, the petition of John B. Miller, pray-
ing that his name be placed upon the pension-
roll.
Also, the petition of D. C. Rumsey and 100
others, asking the establishment of a mail
route from Woodland to head of Capay valley,
in Yolo county, California.
Also, the petition of C. J. Susenbeth and 40
others, asking the establishment of a post
route from Calistoga, Napa county, by way
of Great Geysers, to Cloverdale, in Sonoma
county, California,
By Mr. COTTON": The petition of certain
publishers of newspapers in Iowa, asking a
modification of the postal laws.
By Mr. DONNAN: The petition of L. L.
Ayers and 200 others, citizens of Delaware
county, Iowa, praying the early completion
of the improvement of the Fox and Wisconsin
rivers, and for a ship-canal around the falls
of Niagara on the American side.
By Mr. DUELL: The remonstrance of W.
H. H. Gere, F. J. Plumb, A. C. Belden, and
39 others, workers in the Onondaga Iron
Company's works at Geddes, New York, re-
monstrating against a change of the existing
tariff' laws abating or abolishing duties upon
such articles as are successfully produced in
this country.
Also, the petition of R. Nelson Gere, of
Geddes, New York, asking the passage of a
bill in relation to a breakwater at Oswego,
New York.
By Mr. ELDREDGE: The petition of H.
D. Bath, of Columbia county, in the State of
Wisconsin, for an amendment of the postal
laws so that persons known as regular dealers
in newspapers and periodicals may receive by
mail such quantities of either as they may
require, in bulk, whether wholly or in part
printed, and pay postage thereon as received
at the same pro rata as regular subscribers to
publications weighing four ounces, who pay
quarterly in advance.
By Mr. PARWELL: The petition of Mar-
garet Pattison.
Also, the petition of Chicago manufacturers.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Michigan: The peti-
tion of 16 soldiers of Mackinaw, asking Con-
gress to pass a law giving each soldier of the
late war $8 33J per month, less all Govern-
ment bounties paid.
By Mr. FOSTER, of Ohio: The petition of
134 citizens of Port Clinton, Ohio, asking an
appropriation for the improvement of the har-
bor at that place.
Also, the petition of George Stone and 8
others, vessel-owners and builders, of Cleve-
land, Ohio, asking an appropriation for the
improvement of the harbor of Vermiliion,
Ohio.
By Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio: The petition
of citizens of Mahoning county, Ohio, for an
appropriation of money for the improvement
of the harbor at Ashtabula, Ohio.
Also, the petition of De Lorma Brooks, ask-
ing the consideration and action of Congress
ill regard to decisions of the district court of
theUnited States forthe districtof Wisconsin,
and of the Supreme Court of the United States,
which are charged to be in utter disregard of
the pleadings and proofs of the case, and in
palpable, patent violation of law and justice.
By Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia: The petition
of the pastor, elders, and deacons of the Ger-
man Reformed congregation at Winchester,
Virginia, praying compensation for the use
and destruction of their church by the Federal
Army.
By Mr. HAY: The petition of James D.
Moady, asking that the due hundred and sixty-
