1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1871
the case. Why in the name of Heaven, if we
had miraculous power by one word to put all
these people back into their homes; if by such
a fiat we could restore the houses of these
homeless people to them, if we could in this way
once more rear those palaces that so recently
overlooked that beautiful lake, making in their
wonderful combination a scene of beauty and
loveliness never to be erased from the mem-
ory, is there any person within this Hall, is
there any one in this whole land, who would
refuse or hesitate to speak the magic word?
I ask the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Con-
geu] if that could be done, if these houses
could be put back there by one word, would
he or any of his colleagues interpose any ob-
jection ? Would that be a wrong to the peo-
ple of Michigan or of Wisconsin, or to a human
being on earth ? And yet if that were done
the people of Wisconsin and Michigan would
not have the market for their lumber which
they will have upon the passage of this bill,
which will aid them as well as the people of
Chicago in rebuilding this wonderful city.
I insist that instead of depriving them of a
market, this bill, if passed, will give them a
better market than they would otherwise have;
because, if the bill be passed, hundreds and
thousands of houses will be erected which
cannot be rebuilt if the relief now asked be
withheld. In the city of Chicago there are
thousands of persons who, if they rebuild,
must mortgage their lots and their houses to
do so; and who, unless the cost of construction
be reduced as this bill proposes, will not be
able to rebuild at all. They are struggling as
between life and death, awaiting the action of
this Congress to see whether they are to be
permitted to restore to some extent what was
swept from their sight by the angry wrath of
the devouring element.
Now, shall this Government stop in their
way? Shall we send our revenue agents there
to paralyze, by our exactions, the hands of
these afflicted citizens'.' The people of Michi-
gan and other lumber-producing States will
not, by this bill, be deprived ot any market
which they would have had if the fire had not
occurred. On the contrary, they will have a
market for immense quantities of lumber for
which there would have been no demand but
for this unparalleled calamity. Why should
they ask the Government to step in and re-levy
a duty at the expense of these unfortunate
people upon materials on which they have
already paid duty? Would it not be the
refinement of cruelty for Government to lay
its heavy hand upon these homeless citizens?
It seems to me that this measure will do
injustice to no one. It would be a gros3
wrong and outrage for the Government, with
its powerful agencies and instrumentalities,
to step in, and, as with the hand of the free-
booter and robber, demand from these people
a tribute upon their misfortunes and calam-
ities; to say to them, l-You shall not rebuild
your homes, you shall not rear again your
magnificent city, which has been an honor to
the State and the nation and the world, unless
you pay tribute again to this powerful and
wealthy Government, which ought to be your
protector." It seems to mo that the circum-
stances of the case appeal to every Aineiican
heart, and should induce the Government to
step out of the way for a short time and allow
these unfortunate people at least to get a
shelter over them before we commence again
our exactions upon them. In the name of all
that is just and merciful I appeal to gentle-
men to delay action no longer. Let us do
this act of justice, which can injure no one,
and which will bring upon us and our Gov-
ernment the blessings and the prayers of the
homeless and of those who are bowed down
with sorrow and affliction.
It is objected that this act will permit capi-
talists who lost nothing by the fire, and who
were not even residents of the stricken city,
to buy lots of the ruined people and erect at
a reduced cost palaces thereon. If this shall
happen in a few cases; if the effect of this
act shall be to invite capital and capitalists to
the fallen city; if employment shall thus be
given to a few thousand more of these home-
less people, and the city shall thus be sooner
rehabilitated, who among us would regret the
vote that tended to produce these results?
Viewed in all its aspects and from every stand-
point, Mr. Speaker, the objections to this
measure dwindle into insignificance, while its
advantages to all are apparent, and its claims
upon us manifest and irresistible.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, what is the
form of the motion submitted by the gentleman
from Michigan, [Mr. Conger?]
The SPB A.KER. The Chair did not under-
stand whether the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] yielded for the motion.
Mr. DAWES. 1 yielded to allow the gen-
tleman to submit a motion to refer the bill;
and I wish to know in what form he submitted it.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Michi-
gan stated his motion in a manner in which the
Chair could not submit it.
Mr. DAWES. So I understood.
Mr. CONGER. I withdraw the latter part
of my motion ou the suggestion of the Chair.
Mr. DAWES. So I understood; and that
was the reason I inquired of the Chair as to
the form of the motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's motion,
then, as modified, is that the bill be referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. DAWES. Then the proposition is
pimply to refer the bill to that committee.
Upon that point I wish to say that as the
Committee of Ways and Means would not be
privileged to report this bill back for consider-
ation at any time, it would be within the
power of any gentleman of the House to keep
it in the hands of the committee until we
should be called in regular order.
Mr. HAZEL/TON, of Wisconsin. Will there
be objection to considering the bill next Tues-
day ?
Mr. CONGER. I ask that a time bo fixed
now for considering the report.
Mr. DAWES. That cannot be done except
by unanimous consent.
Mr. CONGER. I think there will be no
objection.
Mr. DAWES. In reference to the several
amendments which are proposed, I wish to
say a word. If this bill is to be passed at all,
and is to accomplish anything, it must be
passed very early. The contracts for the erec-
tion of buildings in Chicago are of course being
made every day ; and those for the spring will
be made immediately, if made at all. If the
bill he sent back to the other branch of Con-
gress with amendments, it may be a month
before a final vote will be reached. The ques-
tion had better be decided at once. I do not
care particularly whether it be to-day or next
Monday; but let it be decided at once, and
if the bill be passed, let it be passed without
amendment. If the House is willing to grant
relief to Chicago in this form, let us say so at
once, although amendments of phraseology
might, in the opinion of some members, im-
prove the bill. But 1 must insist on taking the
sense of the House on the bill as it comestrom
the Senate. If the House are disposed to
concur in these amendments or non-concur
in them, the responsibility of course will rest
with the majority. I do not feel as if I could
yield for the introduction of amendments.
Whether the bill shall bo disposed of to-day
or next Monday I am not here to insist on.
But, Mr. Speaker, I cannot obtain next Mon-
day without unanimous consent 
Mr. CONGER. Say next Tuesday. _
Mr. DAWES. Therefore I am inclined to
call the previous question on my motion.
Mr. CONGER. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts to hear me one moment. The
gentleman said in the presence of the House
that he would allow the fullest discussion, and
now he proposes to call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. DAWES. I do not propose to cull it
at this moment, but have merely indicated that
I would call this previous question at some
time to-day to dispose of this matter.
Mr. CONGER. Allow roe five minutes
further.
Mr. DAWES. I will yield to some gentle-
man who has not yet spoken on this subject,
and I will yield to the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Hawi.ey] for four minutes.
Mr. HAWJLEY. Mr. Speaker, it is but
natural that members of this House living in
the region of country where this great disas-
ter occurred should, on either side, seek the
floor when this bill is presented to the House.
It must be apparent to every member of the
House, as it is to every man in the country,
that if action is to be had on this bill at all, or
if any bent lit is to be derived from it by the
people of Chicago, action must be had at an
early day. It is well known to gentlemen who
are opposed to the bill that to postpone it is
equivalent to killing it. The city of Chicago
is to be rebuilt upon some plan and upon
some basis of value. The people of Chicago
and of that section of country, and I may
say of the whole country, think that Chicago
should be rebuilt in the terms of this bill;
that is to say, that where buildings are erected
in place of those which were burned, and
which once paid a duty upon the materials
entering into their construction, the owners
ought not to be required to pay a second
duty on building materials. I think that is
the feeling of the whole country. It is not
like a case of a great calamity befalling a
single family or person, but it is a calamity to
a great city, the consequences of which are
widespread and affecting the whole country.
This bill passed the House on the lOih of
January, more than two months ago, and it
now comes back slightly amended from the
Senate, but not changed in any important par-
ticular. It passed the House without any
objection.
Mr. CONGER. No gentleman knew of it.
Mr. HAWLEY. Was not the gentleman
from. Michigan here?
Mr. CONGER. It passed through without
amendment or discussion.
Mr. HAWLEY. It was referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, and regularly re-
ported by that committee, and then received
the unanimous approval of this House.
Mr. CONGER. We did not have a vote or
division.
Mr. HAWLEY. The gentleman was here.
We had a vote, but no division.
Mr. DAWES. I yield nowto the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Speer] for three
minutes.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. I have no
objection to the object which this bill proposes
to accomplish, though I think the second sec-
tion is obnoxious to the constitutional objec-
tion that Congress has no power to pass a bill
of this kind. If it is the sense of the House
that the bill shall pass, I desire to amend it,
and I will call the attention of members to the
language of the second section. It is there
provided—
That tbcro shall be allowed and paid, under such
regulations as the Secretary ot the Treasury shall
prescribe, on all materials imported to bo actually
used in buildings erected on the site of buildings
burned by fire, a drawback of import duties paid
on the same.
It will be observed by gentlemen of the
House that this section does not limit the pay-
ment of drawbacks by the Government to the
original sufferers, to the persons who owned
those lots and buildings at the time the build-
ings were burned. VVbere the ground has
been purchased by speculators since, this bill
allows those speculators the privilege of pur-
chasing their materials without the payment
of duties. I do not suppose the House intends
to pass such a measure, but that is the laa-
