80
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 12,
ment. I start out by giving to each of those
four States one member. That disposes of
them. There remain thirty-three States. I
ascertained by successive experiments—by
dividing by a smaller number and by a larger
number—what would bring out a result of
about two hundred and eighty members. Per-
mit me to say that I think two hundred and
eighty members are about the number that
appeared to meet the approval of this House.
We should not have too small a number; we
should not have too large a number. Too
small a number imposes duties too onerous
upon each member of the House; for I need
not say to any member who has long sat upon
this floor that his duties here are twofold.
One portion of them is to participate in the
legislation of the country ; another portion is
to represent his constituents before the several
Departments of the Government in this city;
and it takes about as much of the Representa-
tive's time to do the latter as to discharge his
official duties in this House.
Having these thirty-three States to dispose
of, and desiring not to ignore large fractions,
I set about experimenting as to what number
of inhabitants would, if adopted as the ratio,
best reach that end. I found that by taking
as the ratio of representation 137,800, and
dividing the population of each of the thirty-
three States by that number, it gave in even
numbers two hundred and fifty-eight mem-
bers. Adding these two hundred and fifty-
eight members to the four given to the smaller
States increased the number to two hundred
and sixty-two members. I then examined
the fraction which each State had after divid-
ing its whole population by 137,800. There
must be, I thought, some dividing line where
a fraction if very large ought, as appeared to
me, to be represented; where the fraction was
small, it did not seem necessary that it should
be. On looking over the fractions remaining
in these thirty-three States, I found that eight-
een of them had each a fraction greater than
one half of 137,800, while thirteen States had
fractions less than one half of that number.
Therefore, where the fraction was less than
one half, I allowed no additional member to
those States; but in every case where the frac-
tion was greater than one half, I allowed an
additional member.
Now, some persons appear to have the idea
that by the allowance of this fraction with
reference to particular States, some partiality
is shown; and I observe that one of the news-
papers states that Pennsylvania gets an addi-
tional member in consequence of the fraction.
It is_ true she does; but eighteen States get an
additional member in consequence of having
a fraction greater than one half. Those States
are Maine, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Con-
necticut, New York, New Jersey, Pennsylva-
nia, Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, Geor-
gia, Kentucky, Arkansas, Michigan, Texas,
Iowa, Wisconsin, and Kansas. Adding the
additional members of those eighteen States
to the two hundred and sixty-two that I had
previously procured, the whole number was
brought up to two hundred and eighty.
But the bill presented here by the gentleman
from Illinois as amended by him seeks to go
further. It seeks to disregard this divisional
line as to whether they have a fraction greater
than a moiety of the ratio or not, and seeks to
give an additional member each to Illinois,
Missouri, and Ohio. Now, I feel regret at being
compelled to antagonize our friends in those
three great States. It seems to me that the
line of division we have adopted is the true
one, and just as soon and as often as we depart
from.it we will lay ourselves liable to partiality
and injustice to the other States.
Mr. FARNSWORTK. 1 ask the gentleman
to yield to me for a moment.
Mr. MERCUR. I will do so fora question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I know the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania does not intend to
misrepresent any one. I understand him to
that the bill presented or advocated by
me disregards the fraction of more than a
moiety in the eases of Ohio, Missouri, and
Illinois.
Mr. MERCUR. The gentleman understands
me correctly when he adopts my line of division.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is not what I
mean.
Mr. MERCUR. That is what I have been
discussing.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, I do not adopt his
ratio. I do not adopt anybody's ratio. I take
the figures. I take the population. I take
two hundred and eighty to start with, as he
does ; but when you adopt two hundred and
eighty you will find that some States have frac-
tions entitling them to another member. You
cannot make it precisely two hundred and
c-ighty.
Mr. MERCUR. Excuse me if I do not
yield further to the gentleman. He says he
divides by 280, but he does not stop with two
hundred and eighty. He ends by making his
bill two hundred and eighty-three. I wish to
point out the injustice to which it leads. Let
us cite the case of Ohio. Adopting my ratio,
the State of Ohio would have a fraction of
47,060. He seeks to give her an additional
member. Yet under my ratio the State of
Vermont has a fraction of 54,951, a larger
fraction than the State of Ohio. Notwith-
standing that faet, the gentleman from Illinois
would give Ohio an additional member and
leave Vermont without one. I say whenever
you depart from that true line, excluding all
those which have less than a moiety, you do
injustice to some State. You cannot carry it
out on any other fixed rule and do justice to
all the States.
It seems to me the question for the House to
settle is how many members you desire this
House to be composed of. If you desire it to be
composed of two hundred and eighty, then the
bill I have had the honor to present makes it two
hundred and eighty, and gives to each State
which has a fraction greater than one half an
additional member, and withholds an addi-
tional member from those which have less. It
is true you can assume some otherratio. You
can take some other basis. If this House shall
say it shall consist of two hundred and eighty-
three members, then the gentleman would be
right in giving to those three States an addi-
tional member; that is, lie would be right so
far as he goes, but he would be wrong in this,
that i?, in stopping there, because the State of
Vermont has a greater fraction than the State
of Ohio. So, Mr. Chairman, it appears to me
the great question first to be determined is, how
many members do we desiro the House of
Representatives shall hereafter consist of? If
it is to consist of two hundred and eighty, I
submit, no fairer, no more just, no more equi-
table apportionment can be made than that
contained in the substitute I have had the
honor to submit.
Mr. NIBLAOK. Mr. Chairman, it was my
intention not to sabmit any remarks on this
bill, or on the substitute, until I should get the
opportunity of offering an amendment to the
substitute ; but, as I am apprehensive I may
not be able to get the attention of the House
again while this subject is under consideration,
I will now indicate my views in regard to this
bill and some of the pending amendments pro-
posed to it. For my own part, sir, I am
entirely content not to enact any legislation
on this subject at all: but to allow the appor-
tionment to be made by the Secretary of the
Interior under existing laws. Still I have no
objection to considering the question, and fix-
ing by an act of ■ Congress the number of
Representatives to which each State shall be
entitled, inasmuch as questions often arise
aooutthe assignment of members to fractions
of ratios which may exist in certain States,
and which is really the most delicate duty to
perform m regard to this matter of an appor-
tionment.
But, sir, I am, and have been ever since this
proposed new apportionment has been mooted,
earnestly opposed to any very great increase
of the number of members of this House. I
know, sir, that in a form of government like
ours, a representative form of government, it
is desirable in many cases to make the Rep-
resentatives as numerous as possible, in order
hat not only the average sentiment of the
country may be properly represented, but that
local interests, and local prejudices, if you
please, may also be considered, and may be
represented in the body composed of Repre-
sentatives of the people. But, sir, there must
be a limit to this beyond which we cannot
safely go. Under our Government, including
the States and all subordinate municipalities,
every officer receives a compensation. This
compensation which the officers receive i3
drawn from the people in some shape or other
by taxation. While, therefore, in some re-
spects, it is desirable that this House should be
composed of a comparatively large number of
Representatives, I sincerely believe that the
present number of two hundred and forty-one,
as fairly as can be, does represent not only the
sentiment of the country, but -the interests of
every portion of it. And, indeed, sir, as a
practical question, I think our present num-
ber is not only quite great enough, but is
better than a larger number would be, for
the reason that it is more practicable for
all the members of^ a legislative body to
participate in its legislation, when the num-
ber is not so large as to be unwieldy, than
when the number is so large that necessarily a
small proportion of the members must do the
business, as is necessarily the case when the
body of members is so great as to be unwieldy.
Now, so far as I have been able to get inform-
ation on this question, the practical result of
enlarging any representative body to a much
larger limit than exists now in this House, in
point of numbers, is to throw the business more
and more into the hands of committees and of
the chairmen of committees, and to practically
exclude a large portion of the House from
any participation in legislation, farther than
to vote "yes" or '-no" after the business has
been matured and presented to them for their
votes. I think, therefore, that no practical
good can result from very much enlarging this
body.
Then, too, the Hall is not constructed to
accommodate a much larger number. I do not
think we are prepared now to go into the busi-
ness of building a new Capitol or new House
of Representatives for the sake of accommo-
dating a few additional members, twenty,
thirty, or forty, who might be elected under a
law to bo enacted by us. I think we ought
not to be called upon either to enlarge the
present Hall, in order to accommodate a few
more Representatives of the people, when the
effect of it is only to create that additional
number of officcs to be filled by distinguished
gentlemen, citizens of the country, while no
practical good is to be accomplished by it,
But, Mr. Chairman, the great question after
all resolves itself into this—is there no point
at which we shall actually enter upon the work
of reform, upon the work of retrenchment and
economy? We have not only to support our
national Government, which used to be one of
our lightest burdens in respect of taxation, but
W?* ?Ve ^ support our State organizations,
u are *ncreas*n& ^importance every day,
which are becoming moreand more expensive,
more and more burdensome, and have to be
Wrted by direct taxes from the people.
We have, too) our county organizations, which
are also daily increasing in importance, and
becoming more and more expensive. Then,
sir, we have our city and our town organiza-
tions, and m most of the States we have our
township organizations; and all these have to
be supported by taxes drawn from the people
in some shape or other.
"lhe tendency, six*, in this country for years?
