2768
THE CCWGBESSKMAL GLOBE.
April 25.
to do; and if they should disobey the law, we
have still this additional guard that the officers
of the Treasury, whose duty it is to pay the
money, without whose acts all these judgments
are ineffective, will not pay it until the fact
of loyalty is proven to the satisfaction of the
Court of Claims. We have also the addi-
tional security that until that special verdict
is found by the Court of Claims this money
cannot be paid.
If we have all these guards, what more is
wanted? In addition to these, is it necessary
for us to require these loyal claimants to come
back to Congress after four or five years' long
and weary delay ? These suits must all have
been commenced prior to August, 1868. The
last of them must have been commenced then.
Is it necessary for us in the case of loyal
claimants, whose loyalty is proven, the fact of
whose loyalty is stated in the finding of
the court, to require them to come back here
and await the action of Congress? Is there
no delay in Congress? We are told so; but,
sir, you .have a bill here pending now which
lias been waiting month" after month for our
action when the delay of its passage suspends
the courts in many of the States. The delays
of Congress are most strikingly illustrated in
the very bill we are now debating.
I want to protect the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States. _ I want to prevent any man who
participated in the rebellion from suing in the
Courtof Claims foranycaptured orabandoned
property. If any man who aided in this rebel-
lion lost his property, it was the result of his
own choice, the result of his own act. I have
no tears to shed for him; I would not open the
doors of the Treasury fer his relief. I am
willing to carry out in good faith the act of
Congress which gave to loyal people a chance
to recover for captured and abandoned prop-
erty the proceeds of which went into the
Treasury ; and there is no reason because we
wish to guard 1 he Treasury against the dis-
loyal, why we should make our laws so op-
pressive as lo hinder and delay and distress
those who come within the provisions of the
law.
My honorable friend from New York stated
that I had said I would resort to the extreme
remedy of abolishing the Court of Claims if
there was no other way. I say so again ;
and, sir, I say now that if by any possibility—
I cannot conceive such a thing would, occur 
the Supreme Court of the United States
should, undertake to say that the Court of
Claims, against its own opinion, should as-
sume and assert jurisdiction in favor of dis-
loyal men for captured and abandoned prop-
erty, the first act I would do would be to
take away from the Court of Claims all juris-
diction m captured and abandoned property
cases. Indeed, I am not sure but I would now
vote for the repeal of the jurisdiction conferred
by the act of 1803. Perhaps it would be the
safest and best. Jf I had the fears entertained
by my friend from New York, if I had the
doubts that ho has expressed, 1 should cer-
tainly favor the repeal of the jurisdiction con-
Ckfms A t It' °' *863 "po" the Court of
Waims. but there is no occasion for that.
No cases are now pending except those which
were commenced prior to August, 1868; no
cases are now pending except where the alle-
fha the ne.T °D the ffCe of the Potions
that the petitioners were loyal people, and no
of WW tr'l eX°?pt where that Proof
Coirtote8 maM t0 the satisfa«ion of the
Couit of Claims. No money can be paid under
bytherCoQrt nf'rr "thttt P!i0Ven fact is fouud
by the Court of Claims, and stated by them in
tiieir final judgment, and then the money is to
ttPStmS.""™ " 11*> -•
think that upon fuller consideration a ma-
jority of the Senate will vote against it It
covers this class of cases: if the Court of
Claims have already decided in favor of a
claimant there seems to be a plausibility
that he ought to be paid, because they .would
not have decided in his favor but upon proof
of loyally, according to the position occupied
by the Court of Claims until the second decis-
ion of the Supreme Court. But the Senator
will find that hia amendment is so loosely
worded, without any such intention on his
part, as to cover a multitude of claims that
he doe3 not wish to reach. Suppose the
Court of Claims have decided against a claim
and the case is appealed, and the judgment
of the Supreme Court is rendered in favor
of the claimant; does he desire such judg-
ments made in pursuance of the decision
treating the fact of disloyalty as a mere ques-
tion in abatement to be paid?
I think his amendment goes too far. I am
perfectly willing now, if he will word his amend-
ment as is suggested by the Senator from New
Jersey, so as to authorize the prompt payment
of all those judgments that have been made by
the Court of Claims in favor of the claimants
where there must have been proof of loyalty,
to say they shall be paid without any embar-
rassment from this law. But to apply it to
all cases, as the Court of Claims is not now
required to find loyalty as a proven fact, and
might enter up their judgments, that the alle-
gations of the petition had been proven in the
ordinary form, would be unreasonable, be-
cause it might be necessary to have a rehear-
ing of the ease in order to have the special
finding required by this act.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The rules of the Supreme
Court require them to make special findings
in all cases that go up; and the statute of
18G3. if they still obey it, as since the decision
they do not, I believe, requires them to have
loyalty alleged as a traversable allegation of a
fact upon which the right of the court to act
proceeds. Therefore 1 think you will find,
though I do not speak by the record, that in all
these cotton cases, under the rules that the
Supreme Court laid down respecting the find-
iligs in cases that are appealable, it is neces-
sary that there should be in the record a dis-
tinct statement of all these allegations of fact
Mr. SHERMAN. I would ask my friend
from Vermont a question as to the practice
of the Supreme Court that I am not familiar
with. It is whether the judgment of the Su-
preme Court is simply a judgment of affirm-
ance or a judgment of reversal, remandingthe
case to the Court of Claims for a proper judg-
ment, or whether they enter the judgment that
should be entered by the Court of Claims.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Whenever a judgment is
reversed in the Supreme Court, in all cases
they always send the record back, with direc-
tions to enter a decree according to their judg-
ment j but if they affirm it, of course it is a
final judgment, and that is the end of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Where a judgment is
reversed they do not render final judgment
themselves? =
Mr. EDMUNDS. No; they remand the
cause, with directions to the court below to
proceed according to their opinion.
• ^r' SHERMAN. If that is the case, there
is no difficulty. If a cause is remanded, as a
matter of course the Court of Claims take up
sblC]HS\o 1 re"/e- the judgment they
should have rendered, in conformity to the
decision of the Supreme Court. I think
therefore, the amendment submitted by the
m as to X M'S,S1SSIPP1 ,ought to be refrained
so as to allow those judgments which have
been rendered by the Court of Claims in nur-
suance of the old rule to be paid in the ordi-
nary way, but to require in any case remanded
from the Supreme Court the special fincW
under the provisions of this act. I have no
doubt an amendment of that kind could be
made which would be satisfactory to both
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to make a brief
t0 some of the things that my friend
from Ohio has said; and first as to what the
Treasury officers may do under the existing
law. As I understand him, he says that
they, obeying the existing law, will not pay
out money in a case where it appears in the
record that the man was in fact disloyal.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said they would not
with this law before them. I did not say they
would not under the law as it now stands.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the law before
them ?
Mr. SHERMAN. With this proposed
amendment, if it becomes a law.
Mr, EDMUNDS. With this proposed
amendment, with the last provision out, which
my friend proposes to strikeout. Then I sub-
mit that this is no clearer on the subject of the
right of a party to money in the Treasury
than it was before, and for this reason: here
was certain money realized from captured and
abandoned property. So far as that captured
and abandoned property belonged to those who
were enemies to the Government, it is the
sole fruit that the United States has been able
to obtain to provide as a fund for the pay-
ment of the expenses of the war of the rebel-
lion. It is true we have put down the rebel-
lion at the expense of millions of dollars, and
all that we have got for it from the defeated
enemy—I will not say "conquered enemy"—
all that the winning party has got frorait in
the way of substantial indemnity is this fund
of ten or twenty millions or whatever it may
be that is now in the Treasury. Congress
plainly intended, because they said so in terms,
that everything which we captured or seized,
where it had been abandoned, from those who
were enemies of the Government should be
the small drop in the ocean of expenditure to
which we could resort to relieve the people
from taxation and pay the pensions of sol-
diers and soon. I think everybody agrees that
that was what Congress in the act of 1863
meant to say. Ihey did say it in as clear lan-
guage as it was possible, as it seems to me,
for men skilled in language to express them-
selves to carry out, that idea. We said what-
ever has been captured from the enemy shall
be ours ; but if among those apparent enemies
in this hostile territory there were friends of
ours, we would provide a means by which our
friends, those who stood by the flag and by
the Government, (and those who really did in
that country did it under immeasurable dis-
advantages and sufferings,) should be entitled
to have their property restored to them.
Aow, 1 understand that a majority of this
body still stand on that ground, aud hold
that we are under no obligation to give back
to this defeated rebellion any of the little
drops of valuable property that we were able
to capture from the rebels in the course of
it; but we are all willing to give back, under
spnit ot the act of 1863, all that we took
from those who, being there territorially, were
still the real friends of the Government.
still
i?. v *cT"' Lue uovernment
, the Senator from Illinois- [Mr. Trum-
bull] says that he. does not wish to give back
° j- f18 ProPprty to the men who were
isloyal, who as a fact were disloyal,
jnether the amnesty and pardon cover them
or not, as amnesty and pardon, according to
everybody0" Supreme Court, cover
thU nil',16 Wi°"'^ a very stra ge thing if
CnnstW 8 ln the Treasury, under the
fW«'T pr0,e,cted>i4 cannot by some act of
was!n?  KSaV?d t0 the People for whom it
of pjprvh' T ' > accordi g to the opinion
?U-r frietlds on the other
n!« nf H ■ hamber, it is a wrong on the peo-
who m,H«8 C°Untry t0 Sive it back t0t'l0se
„ Wfu upon us. Then the question is,
do,ll? Myfriend ohi°
Illinois c° «i ' \ honorable Senator from
we find 1 i W'shes t0 do U ; and yet
use a wli ?A?eKVeS l1 "heads aild points," to
not Hip K t y Phrase' as t0 the raeans- Ia
not the best way to make it as complete and
