1872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
March 21,
guage, and that will be the effect of this bill,
if I understand the provision. I desire, there-'
fore, to amend the second section so that, as
amended, it will read as follows:
That there shall be allowed and paid, under sueh
regulations as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
prescribe, on all materials imported to be and ac-
tually used by the original sufferers, &o.
If the words "by the original sufferers" be
inserted they will limit the benefits of the bill
to those persons who owned the property that
■was burned, and will exclude from its pro-
visions capitalists and land speculators who
have gone to Chicago and seized upon the
calamities of those people to coin money out
of them. But if the bill should pass as it has
come to us from the Senate, it will really be in
the interest of speculators, who will thus be
enabled to profit from the misfortunes of this
stricken city. I would much prefer that Con-
gress would donate a sum of money to the
actual sufferers by the lire in Chicago, to be
distributed among all the poor aud needy
according to their losses and necessities: but
if this bill is to pass it should at least be
so guarded as to exclude speculators and land
sharks from any share in the charily of the
government.
Mr. DAWES. I yield for a few moments
to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Hazel-
ton.]
Mr. HAZELTON, of Wisconsin. I do not
desire to enter at all upon the discussion of
the bill. I merely wish to ask that the House
shall give us a little lime for its consideration.
The bill has come this morning trom the Sen-
ate. I have had 110 opportunity 0!'examining
it, and [ think that no gentleman on this lloor
has h£d an opportunity of examining it. All
we ask is to have the privilege of looking into
the provisions of the bill, and ascertaining
precisely what those provisions are, before we
are required to pass the bill or enter upon its
discussion. If that is granted, I undertake to
say that there will be 110 factious opposition
on this floor to the bill.
I am informed by my colleague from the
third district [Mr. Barber] that the terms of
this bill are much broader than its mends un-
derstand them to he. I think at any rate that
enough has transpired in the course of this
discussion to show that it ought to go to a
committee, and that a fuller opportunity should
be given the House to consider its provisions.
I trust that the motion will prevail that the
bill be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, to be reported by them for considera-
tion next Monday. If that is done, I think
that) can assure the friends of the bill that
no factious opposition will be interposed in
the way of its passage.
Mr. DAWES. I now yield two minutes to
the gentleman from Missouri, [Mr. Kino.]
Mr. KING, f desire to state to the House
that I do not. rise on this occasion to make any
opposition to relief being given to the citizens
of Chicago. I hold in my hand papers from
two of tile leading cities in the West, which
came forward and gave greater assistance, I
believe, to the people of Chicago in their dis-
tress than any other two cities, or at least
equal to that given by any other two cities. I
make this remark to show that the opposition
to the bill does not arise from any objection to
helping the people of Chicago. It is directed
rather against the form 111 which it is proposed
by this bill to give relief, and to the language
in which the bill is couched. The papers to
which I refer will show how our commercial
men in the West feel in regard to this matter.
They are as follow :
Rooms of Board of Tkadk,
Cincinnati, January SO, 1872.
At a meeting of the directors of the Board of
Trade of Cincinnati, Hon. A. T. Goshorn offered the
following preamble and resolutions, namely :
Whereas there is pending before the Congress of
the United States a bill known as tho Chicago relief
bill, which proposes to admit to the port of Chicago)
free of duty, every article that in any manner enters
into the construction of buildings, for a period of
twelve months! ami whereas tho passage of said
bill, a most extraordinary measure, intended to
benefit a single locality, will injuriously affect every
branch of industry, disorganize commercial inter-
ests, and cause many of the leading manufacturers 01
the country, and especially of the W est,to discontinue
operations, leaving a large aud dependent popula-
tion unemployed: It is therefore
Resolved, That the enactment of said bill would
be an unwise, unreasonable, and _ unconstitutional
discrimination in favor of a questionable^ local be-
nevolence, to the sacrifice of the most important
and valuable industries of the country, thus disor-
ganizing trade, unsettling values, and incurring great
pecuniary losses to capitalists, and bringing distress
to thousands of industrious and worthy mechanics
and merchants.
Resolved, That the Senators and Representatives
of Ohio in Congress be earnestly urged to oppose
said bill as being impolitic, unjust, and dangerous
to the prosperities ot the industries of the country.
Which were unanimously adopted.
JOSIAH KIRBY, Preiident.
Attest: H. H. TATEM, Secretary.
Union Merchants' Exchange,
St. Louis, February 1, 1872.
Deak Sir: At a meeting of this association, held
this day, thefollowingresoludonswereunanimously
adopted:
Whereas the provisions of the Chicago relief
bill, now pending in Congress, arc easily susceptible
of evasion; and whereas in our opinion it is im-
possible to frame a bill remitting duties on imports
that will relieve tho actual sufferers by the great
calamity that overtook our sister city in October last,
without opening the door for gross and stupendous
frauds: and whereas in the event of the passage
of the bill in its present shape many valuable man-
ufacturing interests in the west which have strug-
gled into existence during the past fewyears will be
materially injured, if not altogether ruined: It is
therefore
Resolved, That while we deeply sympathize with
our sister city in her great distress, and would gladly
favor any measure of relief just and equitable in its
provisions, we nevertheless deem it our duty to
declare to our Senators and Representatives in
Congress that it is the unanimous opinion of this
exchange that the interests of the manufacturing
industries of the West demand that the bill now
pending shall not become a law of the land.
Resolved, That the secretary of this exchange be,
and is hereby, instructed to send a copy of these
resolutions, properly attested, to tho representatives
of this State in Congress.
All of which is re&pectfully submitted.
GEO. H. MORGAN, Secretary.
Hon. A. King, Washington, D. G.
Mr. DAWES. In orderthatthe House may
have an opportunity of deciding upon the
question, I will admit the motion of the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. CoSgek] to refer
the bill and the Senate amendment to the
Committee of Ways and Means. I how yield
to that gentleman five minutes.
Mr. CONGER. I desire to call the atten-
tion of every member of this House to the
statement which I now make in regard to the
extent of this bill and its provisions. I desire
to call the attention of members to the fact,
that, as the bill now stands, within a certain
limit in Chicago, everybody who now proposes
to build, irrespective of the fact of their having
been sufferers by the fire or not, may bring in
free of duty all their building materials; not
those alone which are used in the construc-
tion, but marbles, mantel-pieces statuary, car-
pets, ornaments, &c. Everything which goes
to constitute a building may be imported free
of duty, or the importer will be entitled to a
drawback equivalent to the duty. Every
material which is made by the mechanics and
laborers of the United States and which would
enter into the construction of these buildings
may be imported free of duty, or with a draw-
back equivalent to the duty, to the injurv of
those mechanics and laborers.
Now, Mr. Speaker, gentlemen say that
early action is necessary upon this bill. Sir,
no lumber can leach Chicago by any means
of communication before the 1st of May.
The winter ice has locked up the lake means
of communication, and 110 freight can be
brought to the Chicago market until the 1st
of May. _ There is therefore no urgency for
the consideration of this bill for a day or
two, and it cannot but affect throughout the
States of the Northwest every laboring man
engaged in the production and manufacture
ot the articles which can come in under this
bill, and come in for the benefit of speculators
Who are building houses ia the burnt district,
the speculators having bought at hall price
from the impoverished people their land.
These speculators will receive all the benefit
of this bill—men who have never suffered, but
who have taken advantage oi the misfortunes
of the poor people of Chicago to buy up their
land and build houses upon it.
Sir. it would be far from me, and far from
the people of the State I have the honor in
part to represent, to oppose any measure for
the benefit of the people of Chicago who suf-
fered by this fire. I have sympathy for them,
and in any proper way will join with others in
assisting them. The lumbermen of Michigan,
if the House will give them the opportunity,
will voluntarily put their hands in their pockets
and pay by contribution all the drawbacks
asked for in this bill. And if we oppose this
bill, it is because upon the opposite side of the
St. Clair river and along the borders of Lake
Huron and Georgian bay there are millions
of feet of lumber seeking a market in the Uni-
ted States, and under this bill they would de-
press the market and destroy the ruling prices
of lumber.
Mr. DAWES. I yield the remainder of my
time, except one minute, to the gentleman
from Illinois. [Mr. Burchard.]
Mr. BUKCHARD. If this bill is passed at
all, it ought to be passed without delay. Con-
tracts have been entered into lor the erection
of buildings and the material is yet to be im-
ported under the provisions of this bill. It
must therefore pass speedily to be of advan-
tage to those engaged in building. When this
matter was before the Committee of Ways and
Means, the Portland bill was examined, which
is a precedent for this. The Treasury Depart-
ment were inquired of m reference to the
operation of that bill, and the Department
informed the Committee of Ways and Means
that the operation of that bill under the in-
structions of the Department was held to be
confined lo materials used for the erection of
buildings. Now, if you amend the bill you
send it back to the Senate, where it may be
debated for weeks aud perhaps months, and
thus delay a bill which has already been con-
sidered by the Committee of Ways and Means.
I hope the bill will pass.
Mr. DAWES. I have moved to concur in
the amendments of the Senate. The gentle-
man from Michigan, [Mr. Coxger,] pending
that motion, has moved to refer that bill, with
the amendments, to the Committee of Ways
and Means. I now call the previous question,
and the House will decide whether it will refer
the bill or not.
The SPEAKER. The first question will be
upon the motion of the gentleman from Mich-
igan, to refer the bill; should that motion be
negatived, the next question will be upon the
motion of the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Dawes,] to concur in the amendments of
the Senate.
Mr. CONGER. Will the effect of that motion
be to cut off all debate on the merits of the
bill?
The SPEAKER. Or its demerits—[laugh-
ter]—all debate.
The question was put upon seconding the
previdlis question ; and there were—ayes 69,
noes 49 ; no quotum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dawes and
Mr. Conger were appointed.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. Are the
amendments pending?
The SPEAKER. They are not; there are
no amendments pending.
Mr. CONGER. I understand that amend-
ments have been offered and are pending.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
not; pending the motion to refer, 110 amend-
ment could be enteriamed.
Ihe House divided ; and the tellers report-
ed—ayes 88, noes 51.
So the previous question was seconded.
The question was, Shall the main question
now bo put? *
