1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
81
certainly, at least, daring all the time that I
have had any connection with public affairs,
has been to increase the number 'of offices
and officers in every one of these divisions
and subdivisions of our Government. One
of the gravest apprehensions I have had for
years past in connection with our political
future is that we are so increasing the num-
ber of offices, and by this means, atnong
others, so increasing the burdens of taxation,
that our form of government is absolutely in
danger, sooner or later, of a collapse by the
weight of the official machinery winch we are
placing upon it. Why, sir, go among the tax-
payers, the property-holders in your cities, in
your large towns, in your communities where
thrifty and prosperous men are accustomed to
live and to carry on their business and occupa-
tions, and you will find that they all cry out
against the rates of taxation imposed upon
them by the various departments and sub-
divisions of Government, State and national,
which they have to support. Our States are
governments, each independent for some pur
poses, and to be supported by the people.
They are divided up into cities, towns, coun-
ties, and townships, and the people have to
pay taxesto keep up the organizations of those
municipalities. These State governments and
municipalities are the home governments of
the people, and without them the Federal Gov-
ernment itself could not exist. Hence they
have to be supported by the vitalizing power
of taxation at whatever cost.
Unless, therefore, some practical good is to
be accomplished by increasing materially the
meirbers of this House, we ought not, as a
matter of economy, to so increase our num-
bers. The pay of each member is not the
only expense which is entailed upon the Gov-
ernment. There are other incidental expenses,
and this proposed increase of forty members
would add nearly one fifth to the expenses of
the House of Representatives. Nor is that
all; their election would entail other burdens
incidentally, which, in the aggregate, would
amount to a considerable sum of money. Plow-
ever desirable in some respects it may be to
make some additional places for our friends
at home, a strict regard to economy, a strict
regard to that simplicity in our form of gov-
ernment which constituted in the eyes of those
who framed it one of its greatest merits, re-
quires that we should not greatly increase the
number of Representatives here. The pro-
posed increase would not give any real advan-
tage to th° South and West, as it is sometimes
claimed, if the apportionment iti each case is
made fairly. New England will lose six mem-
bers if we retain the present limit as to the
number which, shall constitute this House; but
the six lost by New England will be gained by
other States, mostly of the West and South,
and the relative strength of the different sec-
tions will be the same if the number of Repre-
sentatives shall be either enlarged or reduced.
But New England ought not to complain if she
should lose those six members, because she
will still have her twelve Senators, although
her population and territory are both smaller
than the State of New York. New England
will still, therefore, have sufficient influence in
the Congress of the United States, and no cause
of complaiut on that account.
But that is not all, sir. I see a paragraph
going the rounds of the papers to the effect
that in the two Houses, as at present consti-
tuted, there are forty-seven sons of New Eng-
land hailing from the different States of the
Union ; so that there need be no apprehension
that that section of the country will not be
well taken care of under any system of ap-
portionment which we may adopt. Therefore,
Mr. Chairman, when the proper time arrives,
when we shall reach the substitute proposed
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Mercur,] which I regard as better in some
respects than the original bill, I shall move to
amend this substitute so as to make the nam-
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 6.
ber of Representatives two hundred and forty-
one, and if that shall fail, I shall then offer an
amendment, fixing it at some number not
greatly in excess of the present number, say
two hundred and fifty, earnestly believing that
there ought not to be any substantial increase.
Sir, if we have not the power, if we have
not the courage to practice a little economy
and relrenchment in matters affecting our own
body, I do not really see how we can complain
of an increase of the offices in other depart-
ments of the Government. One of the sub-
jects most earnestly discussed now in the pub-
lic journals, in political conventions, and in
all the political centers where the condition
of the country is being especially considered,
is how to get rid of the very large number of
offices which we have connected with the
executive department of the Government, in
the collection of the revenue, and in fact in
all the other departments of the Government.
If we increase the number of the members of
this House, I do notknow with what grace, with
what sort of assurance, we can go before the
country and ask that there shall be a diminu-
tion in the number of offices in the other
departments of the Government. It is an
indication that we are willing to increase the
number of offices simply for the sake of
magnifying the legislative department of this
Government, without reference to the neces-
sities of the public service. For my own part,
I will not vote for any bill which shall very
greatly increase the number of members of
this House.
I now yield the remainder of my time to the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Cox ]
Mr. COX. I understand that my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Siiellabauoer] wishes to
leave to-morrow, and I will yield to liim.
Mr. SiiELLABARGER. I will not detain
this committee more than five or ten minutes.
I am induced to do that only from what I un-
derstand has been said in this debate in regard
to the constitutional question with which we
are compelled to deal in our consideration of
this bill. I understand the opinion has been
expressed by certain gentleman upon this
floor, for whose opinion I have the very high-
est respect, that in making this apportionment
we may not take into consideration any depri-
vation of the right to vote in tlieseveral States
on account of lack of intelligence, or lack of
property, or the like.
Now, it is to express my own convictions in
regard to that subject that 1 dpsire to say a
word or two. I am very confident that those
gentlemen must be wrong. I know there are
difficulties that we will encounter of a practical
character, perhaps also difficulties of princi-
ple, in- the application of this constitutional
provision, but, I think, not any that are either
insurmountable or very grave. Take this idea,
for instance: it is said that a lack of residence
is a cause of disfranchisement that comes
within the purview of the fourteenth article of
amendment. My own State of Ohio, for ex-
ample, requires that a man shall reside in the
State for one year before he shall be permitted
to vote. Now, if we go to extending these
classes beyond those that have been alluded
to by the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
Maynard] and others, we will be compelled
to take in that class, and to reduce the repre-
sentation of Ohio, because she does not per-
mit certain males over twenty-one years of
age to vote until they have resided in the
State for one year. Now, my reply to that is,
that is a mere regulation to secure the purity
of election; it does not go to the fundamental
right at all. It is like the requirement that a
man shall reside in the county for thirty days,
or in the township for twenty days, or that lie
shall not vote by proxy, but shall go to the
polls in person. It is like those requirements.
Mr. DAWES. Like the regigtrV law,
Mr. SHELLABARGER. flS* sir; like
the registry law, as suggested by my excellent
friend on ray left, [Mr. Dawes,] and does not
affect the matter of the right to vote. But
when we get away from the class of require-
ments that relate to the matter of protecting
the purity of elections, and go to extending
the deprivations beyond those, you do come
within the operation of the fourteenth article
of amendment, and you do then touch the
magnitude of States' rights and powers in this
Hall. Suppose wepermititto be enacted in this
the first law that we pass under this fourteenth
amendment that all men who cannot read or
write shall be counted out; or that all men who
shall not come up to some other and higher
standard of education shall be counted out; that
all who are not astronomers and cannot cal-
culate an eclipse shall be counted out; you
may in a Slate fix it a'bitrarily as you please;
you may cut down the right to vote of all
men whose standard of intelligence may not
be in accordance with the ideas that the
Slate Legislature may have at any time.
Now I say it was the design of this consti-
tutional amendment, and it was! a bcnclicent
one, that wherever a State may choose to do
that thing—and the State may do it—the
fourteenth amendment does not take away the
power of the State to do'it. You in Massachu-
setts may establish yourqualifications of intel-
ligence, or you in New York and Rhode Island
may establish your property qualifications as
you may please, but you take the consequences
in their effect upon your power in this House ;
you have your choice. The design of this
constitutional amendment was that the poor
man, the ignorant man, the colored man,
should be secured, should be guarantied his
right to vote ; that the States should not de-
prive him of his right of representation, except
by taking the consequences of not having in
tins Hall representation for those of hij class.
That is to say, if a State decides that a man is
not good enough to vote, the Stateshall thereby
be regarded as saying that he is not good
enough to be represented here. In other
words, we are not to have the old slave sys-
tem—the learned men voting for the unlearned,
on the theory that the latter are not competent
themselves to vote. The principle of the con-
stitutional amendment is a correct one ; and I
appeal to the Representatives of the people to
enforce it now and here.
This is all, Mr. Chairman, that I designed to
say. 1 doubt whether, under the operation of
the figures furnished by the Census Bureau, we
shall really have anything to do with these
fractions. I understand that, as a matter of
fact, the numbers disfranchised are too small,
perhaps, to result in any changes as to the rep-
resentation of the several States, and that so far
as this particular case is concerned we are
brought under the operation ot the rule, that
the law does not care about little things.
Mr. HOAR. I would like to ask the gentle-
man in what class he would place persons dis-
franchised on account of the non-payment of
a tax ?
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. 1 would place
such a requirement in the same class as the
requirement of an educational qualification—a
thing which, if the State resorts to it, operates
to abridge its representation in this Hall.
Mr. COX. Mr. Speaker, I would like to
call the attention of the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Shei,labarcer] to one consequence of
his very remarkable discussion of this consti-
tutional point. Yesterday, as the House will
remember, a communiention came here from
the Census Bureau. At my request it was put
in the Globe. Wo to day have had read to us
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Mercitr] a communication which shows that
this table prepared by the Superintendent of_
the Census was prepared on the same sort of
information, thiougii the same agencies, and
with the same sanctity and solemnity as the
rest of the census. For certain purposes, this
table is to be taken, it not as the very best
evidence, as good and sufficient evidence ot
the tacts and hgnrea stated. It gives in detail
