18*2.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
29
4 2d Cong....2d Sess.
Bights of Citizens—Mr. Thutman.
Senate.
of common law that applies to the merchant,
and that applies to the farmer.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
to interrupt him there?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. SUMNER. My language was, "created
or regulated by law." Further, if I do not
interrupt him, in my judgment, I submit it to
the Senator, the innkeeper, atld also the com-
mon carrier, has something in the nature of a
franchise under the law. Each has peculiar
privileges and prerogatives, and is subject to
peculiar responsibilities, the whole being the
franchise which he derives from law, and
which is regulated by law. The argument
follows that in the exercise of that franchise
he must conform to the fundamental princi-
ples of our institutions.
Mr. THURMAN. If the Senator'spremise
were true, there would be great reason for
his conclusion ; but his premise is not true.
The right to keep an inn never was a fran-
chise. The right to carry goods never was a
franchise. What is a franchise? A franchise
is a right that belongs to the supreme power
in the State, in a monarchical government to
the king, and which he is supposed to grant,
or does actually grant to the subject, and
which the subject of common right does not
enjoy. It is a right derived from the supreme
power which the citizen of common right does
not possess. If a citizen of common right
does possess it, it is no franchise. So the
right to keep an inn is not a franchise, because
every citizen of common right may set up an
inn. Where inns are required to be licensed,
that is a mere police regulation. The whole
object of that is to secure a proper person to
keep the inn. It is not because the right to
keep an inn is not a matter of common right,
but in the exercise of its police power the
State requires a license in order that only
proper persons may exercise that right; that
improper persons may n'ot be allowed to exer-
cise it. It is not because it is a franchise. It
is a mere police regulation, and nothing else.
And in respect to the common carrier, when
was it that the supreme power of the State had
the right to do the business of common car-
riers, and transport all the goods and mer-
chandise in the country ? In what country in
the world does -such a right exist in the Gov-
ernment? Nowhere. The right is a common
right of the citizen, and therefore it is no
franchise.
Now I come to the word " regulation." The
Senator says that he referred to institutions or
callings that were created or regulated by law.
What is there, within the province of govern-
ment, that is not regulated bylaw? The Sen-
ator is regulated by law ; I am regulated by
law; every man of us 5s regulated by law.
Because there are different degrees of regula-
tion, according to the necessity ot each case,
does that prove that you have the right to
interfere and say, " Under the pretense of regu-
lation we will deprive you of your liberty ?''
Why, sir, can the Senator lawfully intrude on
my premises without my consent? No. Why
not? Because the law inhibits him and regu-
lates him off my premises, unless I see (it to
admit him. If he make a contract with me
and refuse to fulfill it,- the law regulates him
by making him fulfill it; and so on to the end
of the chapter. There is nobody who is not
subject to the regulations of law. As was said
by an ancient writer in his quaint way:
"Law is like the atmosphere; it bears upon every-
body and upon everything; universal as the atmos-
phere and resting alike upon the great and the
small."
So the law regulates everything which it is
within the province of government to regulate.
It will not do therefore to say, that, because the
law regulates inns, common carriers, and the
like, therefore Congress has the power to enter
into the province of the State governments,
intrude upon the rights of the citizen and make
laws that deprive him of that liberty -which he
ought to possess and which is guarantied to
him. That is not regulation, it is usurpation
and tyranny.
Let me not be misunderstood. No one pre-
tends that a colored man should not have
accommodation at an inn; but that does not
satisfy the Senatorfrom Massachusetts. What
his bill aims to accomplish—disguise it as you
may—is social equality in the inn. That is a
very different thing from accommodation.
To come back to associations and places of
amusement; once more I ask, where have the
people of the United States given up their
liberty to form associations the members of
which shall be exclusively black or exclusively
white? Where have they given up that right?
Where have they given up the right to have a
church, if they see fit, which shall be a church
of white men alone, or which shall be a church
of black men alone; to have a Masonic lodge
which shall be a lodge of white men alone, or
of black men alone; to have an Odd-Fellows'
society whose members shall be white alone
or black alone; to have a cemetery in which
whites only or blacks only shall be buried ; to
have a theater for whites alone or blacks alone?
Where have they surrendered their liberty to
regulate these things according to their own
tastes, their own judgment, their own feelings?
Where have they yielded their right to regu-
late their schools ? Where have they surren-
dered these rights to the Government of the
United States? I look in vain among the
provisions of the Constitution to find any such
surrender. No, sir; they'have never been
surrendered, and therefore they are liberties
that belong to the people, and of which you
have no right to deprive them. A bill of this
kind, therefore, instead of being a bill in the
interest and for the preservation of liberty, is a
bill to curtail the rights and privileges which
the people of this country have for centuries
enjoyed and now enjoy. It is, as I said before,
a bill of despotism and of tyranny.
I do not know any country in the world in
■which the subject or the citizen is interfered
with as this bill proposes to interfere with
him; to take from men the right to associate
according to their own tastes when by so doing
they interfere with the right of no one, and do
not injure or in any way prejudice the State.
I know of no country in which the liberty of
free association, according to the tastes or the
wishes or the interests of the persons asso-
ciating, is denied to either subject or citizen.
And yet the Senator, in the name of liberty,
in the name of freedom, in the name of hu-
manity, seeks to manacle the American people
and take from them liberties that they and
their ancestors have enjoyed from time imme-
morial, and which the people in every civilized
country enjoy at this day !
I repeat again, this bill is a bill of despot-
ism and not of liberty. It will not do to go
back to the Declaration of Independence and
attempt to find anything there to support this
bill, for it cannot be found. I will not at-
tempt to answer the constitutional argument
(if it can be so called) of the Senator from
Massachusetts. I never will attempt that
until I find out what it is, and so far, with the
greatest respect for him and the greatest at-
tention to every word he has said, I have not
been able to find it out. I am just as much
at a loss to know what is his idea of the Con-
stitution of the United States as I was when
he first opened his mouth on the subject. I
cannot deal with mere generalities. 1 cannot
argue with mere declamation. 1 would as
soon think of stripping to the buff and fighting
a bank of Newfoundland fog as to attempt to
argue against mere rhetoric. I am too much
a lover of the exact sciences for that. I want
to know what it is that I am to answer before
I attempt to answer it.
But there is one thing that is very strange to
me. The Senator says that the Declaration
of Independence is the supreme rule of inter-
pretation, and that the Constitution is mere
machinery to carry out the principles of the
Declaration, and therefore every provision in
the Constitution is to be interpreted according
to that supreme rule. If that were admitted,
what then? Does not the Senator see that if
in this machinerythere is a cog-wheel wanting
Or a lever wanting he hag no right whatever
to supply it; that the fathers, when they made
that machinery, saw fit to omit that cog-wheel
or that lever, and did not authorize us to sop-
ply the omission? Does he not see that?
Does he not see that they who made this
supreme rule of interpretation, if his argument
were admitted, also gave the means by which
the power Was to be executed, the end was to
be attained, and that if they have given ineffi-
cient means, if the means are n'ot adequate to
the purpose,'it is the people alone who can
cure the defect ; that it is they, not we, who
have power to amend the Constitution? So,
after all, if the Senator wilt reflect a little he
will find that he must come down from the
Declaration of Independence and look at the
tools which the fathers have put into his hands
to execute what he supposes to have been their
purpose.
But, sir, if the Declaration of Independence
is the supreme rule of interpretation to-day, it
was in law, whether it was in fact or not, tlie
supreme rule of interpretation from the day
it was adopted. It was as much a supreme
rule of interpretation when our fathers promul-
gated it on the 4th ef July, 1776, as it is on
this 6th day of February, 1872. Now, what
kind of a rule of interpretation was it when
the Articles of Confederation were in exist-
ence? I should like to see the Senator from
Massachusetts show the power for his bill
under the Articles of Confederation; and
yet his argument would be just as strong if
those Articles of Confederation were in force
to-day as it is when applied to the Constitu-
tion. He would say it was the supreme rule
of interpretation of the Articles of Confed-
eration. Although the first of those articles
■declares that each State reserves to itself all
rights except such as are "expressly"—mark
the word, Mr. President—" expressly dele-
gated " to the Federal Government, (and there
is no express grant in all those articles of a
right to pass any such bill as that now pro-
posed,) yet if the Senator's reasoning be true
he might, according to his idea of the effect
of the Declaration, have sworn to support the
Articles of Confederation, and yet advocated
the passage of his bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator allow me
to call his attention just there to an important
historical fact, which he certainly has not for-
gotten, and that is, that there was an attempt
to introduce the word "white" into the Art'"
cles of Confederation, and that it was voted
down? There is not a word of color in those
Al. rti c 16 s
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President., I have no
doubt that Ay friend from Massachusetts is
ihe best-informed man in the Senate upon the
history of the words 4 4 white" ana black.
[Laughter.] He has given his mind and soul
to it so long that I think he has a monopoly
of that knowledge, and I listen to him always
with great attention when he is supplying us
with historical facts in regard to either one or
the other; but I submit again—it is undoubt-
edly owing to the poverty of my understand-
ing—that the historical fact he mentions has
nothing to do with the question now before
