■30
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 9,
Ho. or Reps.
Arkansas Contested .Election—Mr. Boles.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
the Senate, nothing to do with the question
whether we can find power in the Constitution
to pass this- bili,t& 3? more than, it has to do
with the transit of Venus across the sun's disk.
If yon desire historical facts, here are his-
torical facts for you. Every man who signed
that Declaration of Independence, with the
exeeptaoB. of the delegates, from Massachu
setts, and, one or two others, were owners of
slaves. They were slave-owners when they
declared to the world that all men were cre-
ated equal. Almost every one of the men
who put into the Constitution of the United
States that no State should prevent the import-
ation of slaves until 1808 was the owner of
slaves. Almost every one of those men who
put into the Constitution that fugitive slaves
should be restored to their owners was the
owner of slaves. I suppose they knew what
they meant by the Declaration of Independ-
ence: I suppose they knew the length and
breadth of that Declaration ; and it never
entered into their beads, nor into the heads
of two generations after them, that those words
mean what the Senator from Massachusetts
supposes them to mean, much less that they
are a supreme interpretation of and comment-
ary upon the Constitution.
So far from that, they, and those who fol-
lowed them—Federalist and .Republican, (as
Democrats were then called,) Whig and Dem-
ocrat, Supreme Courtand Congress* Presidents
and people—alike said, this is a .Government
of delegated powers; it possesses no powers
whatever except such as are delegated to it
either expressly or by necessary implication.
They indulged in. no vague, general, theoret-
ical notions. They were lawyers,, mostly, who
made the Constitution. They were lawyers,
mostly, who interpreted it. They were men
accustomed to reason exactly. They regarded
it as an instrument precise in its provisions,
and to be precisely construed and precisely
regarded. But they were not simply lawyers,
they were also statesmen^ arid they '.knew fall
well that any other mode of interpretation than
. that which they adopted would make a written
constitution useless as a restraint upon Govern-
ment, make it wholly ineffectual as a barrier
against usurpation.
This country, as I said some days ago, has
been a country of written constitutions from
the beginning. Our ancestors who came here
had written constitutions from the first. Those
who came on the Mayflower ordained a writ-
ten constitution. Tbe proprietary govern-
ments" had written constitutions. The "royal
governments," as they were called, had their
charters whieh were written constitutions. And
so in New England, where the people set up
their own government before they had any
proprietary government or any royal charter;
in Pennsylvania, which had its proprietary
government of William Penn; in Maryland,
which had its proprietary government of Lord
Baltimore, and in all the colonies south of
that, whieh had their royal charters; in every
one of them the people were accustomed from
the first to look to a written constitution as
a limitation of the powers of government.
And before the Declaration of Independence
was made, in pursuance of a recommendation
to the several colonies, they began the form-
ation of written constitutions as .free and inde-
pendent States. The constitution of Massa-
chusetts, the Senator's own State, was formed
in 1775, if my recollection ig right, a year
before the Declaration of Independence. And
so every State formed its own written consti-
tution ; all hut Rhode Island, which stood
upon her ancient royal charter.
Why was this done? Because our fore-
fathers were men jealous of liberty and sus-
.picious of government. They were themselves
smarting under the oppressions of govern-
ment. They had seen or read of government
striking at the liberties of the people in their
native land for century after century. They
bad se«n blood flow in torrents owing to the
exactions and oppressions of government, and
they felt in, their inmost souk that government
was a lion that required to be watched and
restrained. Hence their idea of written con-
stitutions, an idea, that has come down to us,
an idea so thoroughly American that were you
to put a hundred Americans on a desert island
they would have a written constitution in less
than a week. Look at California; the first
thing her "settlers did, and before she was ad-
mitted into the Union, was to form a written
constitution. Look at Utah; her citizens, fly-
ing from this country and settling on what was
then Mexican territory, formed a written con-
stitution's soon as their settlement was made.
And, sir, it cannot be too often repeated that
the great idea of a written constitution is not
merely that it sets op a framework of govern-
ment, but that it imposes restrictions upon
the powers of government for the protection
of minorities; nay for the protection of every
human being in the State. But interpret a
constitution as the Senator from Massachu-
setts would interpret it, and I pray you where
are the limitations upon government imposed
by it? Where are its restrictions? All gone.
The work of composing it has been a labor in
vain. It is nothing but a worthless parch-
ment, to be interpreted by any vague theory
which, for the time being, may prevail; and
so instead of having a certain, fixed, funda-
mental law for the regulation of government
and the protection of the rights ot the States
and of the people, we have an instrument as
variable as the winds and utterly worthless as
a barrier against usurpation and tyranny. Nay,
more, sir, we would have what was meant for
the protection of the people turned into an
instrument for their oppression.
Mr. President, I had not expected to occupy
half so much time this morning. I do not
know that any apology, however, is necessary,
for these are grave questions that, are now be-
fore us. The interpretation of the Consti-
tution, since the late amendments have been
put upon it, is a matter that deserves all the
consideration that it has received, and, in my
judgment, far more than it has received; and
any one, however humble, who shall help to
dispel the mental uncertainty that seems to
brood over the subject, needs no apology for
his effort, however feeble it may be.
Arkansas Contested Election.
Ake we Governed by Laws or Ruled by Men ?
SPEECH OF HON. THOMAS BOLES,
OF ARKANSAS,
In t&e Hoose of Representatives,
February 9, 1872.
The House having under consideration the con-
tested-election case of Boles vs. Edwards, from the
third congressional aistrict of Arkansas—
Mr. BOLES. Mr. Speaker, I tbank you and
(the House for this courtesy extended .me. I
claim the right to represent the third congres-
sional district of the State of Arkansas in the
Forty-Second Congress of the United States
on the ground that the returns of the congres-
sional election held in that district on the 8th
day of November, 1870, were made by the
clerks of the county courts of the several coun-
ties of said district according to law, aud were
canvassed according to law by the secretary
of State in the presence of the Governor, and
showed that I received a majority of 2,133
votes.
The election laws of the State of Arkansas,
to be found iu the statutes of that State for
the year 1868, among other provisions provide
that—
"Sec. 50. It shall be the duty of the secretary of
State, in the presence of the Governor, within thirty
days after the time herein allowed to make returns
of elections to the clerks of the county courts, or
sooner if all the returns shall have been received, to
cast up and arrange the votes from the several coun-
ties, or such of them as have made returns, for such
persons voted for as members of Congress; and the
Governor shall immediately thereafter issue his
proclamation declaring the person having the high-
est number of votes to be duly elected to represent
the State in the Houso of Representatives of the
Congress of the United States, and shall grant a
certificate thereof, under the seal of the State, to the
person so elected." '
Notwithstanding the count as lawfully made
by the secretary of State, and the imperative
provisions of the above-reeited law, which made
it the duty of the Governor'immediately to
issue his, proclamation of the result and grant
a certificate to me as the person elected, the
certificate was issued by him to the sitting
"member on the 20th day of February, 1871,
almost three months after the "canvass of the
votes by the secretary of State" in the presence
of the Governor, which count was made about
the 1st of December, 1870, and by virtue of
that certificate thus fraudulently granted by
the Governor, in total disregard of the major-
ity of tbe legal votes cast and counted, and in
willful viplation of the above-recited law, and
the enforcement act of Congress passed May
31, 1870, the sitting member now occupies a
seat in this House. I propose to go behind
that certificate and establish my right to a seat
in this House by presenting the records and
files of the office of tbe secretary of State upon
which this certificate purports to be based ; and
further, I produce the returns which were for-
warded by the county clerks of each and every
county, according to law, to the secretary of
State, and the testimony of living witnesses,
each and all of which evidence shows beyond
a possibility of a doubt my right to a seat in
this House.
I will first call attention to the depositions
of Major Frank, Strong, to be found on page 6
of the printed evidence in this case, and the
first witness sworn in the case. Just here I
will take occasion to remind the House that
all the depositions taken on my part were
taken subject to cross-examination, and the
witnesses were in most instances eross-exam-
ined by the sitting member's counsel, the
United States district attorney, Major Har-
rington.
Major Strong testifies as follows :
"Question. Were any election returns made and
returned to your office for the third congressional
district for the State of Arkansas for a member of
Congress to represent said district in the Forty-Sec-
ond Congress of the United States; if so, when were
said returns made and filed in said office, and from
what counties', and where are said returns, and have
you examined them, and if so, how often 7
"Answer. Such returns were made and returned
tosaid office. Such returns were made and filed in
said office as soon after the election as they could
reach there by mail; they were so made and filed
from all the counties embraced in said congressonal
district. The said returns are now on file in said
secretary's office. I have examined them quite fre-
quently.
" Question. Do you remember how long after said
election the returns were complete in your office—
we mean how many days after the election before
the returns were all in ? •
"Answer. I do not remember.
Question. What is your best recollection as to the
time ; did you or any other person indorse on the
returns when they were received and filed ?
"Answer.^ I think they were all in inside of twenty
days ; that is my best recollection ; don't remember
whether I indorsed on them the time of filing, nor
do i remember whether any other person did so.
Question. Did you receive all said returns by duo
course of mail \>
" Answer. i think one or two came by hand—from
the whole State^-but do not recollect that any re-
turns were received from the third congressional
district exeept by due course of mail.
" Question. Were you present when the returns
for the election in the third congressional district in
