2770
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
claimant to the full amount and the loyalty of
every one was established, either as an actual
fact, or as a fact in law in consequence of a
pardon, there would still be left this large
fund of over ten million dollars.
But, Mr. President, there has already been
a motion to dismiss more than two thousand
of these cases in the Court of Claims, on the
ground of nothing having been done for many
months, and in many cases years, in reference
to their prosecution. It is altogether likely
that nearly if not all those cases will be dis-
missed from the docket. It is also true in the
history of the eases which have been tried, in
which judgment has been given, that a pro-
portion only of that which was claimed has ever
been allowed. You must assume, therefore,
that not more than sixty or seventy per cent.,
at the outside, of the claims would be granted
even of those which would be allowed at all.
I think it then perfectly safe to say that of the
something like twelve millions still petitioned
for, and in which decisions have not been
rendered, more than six millions will be dis-
allowed from various causes. But granting
that the decision of the Supreme Court remains
to have its full effect without additional legis-
lation, I am assured by what [ believe to be
thoroughly competent authority that that de-
cision cannot affect at the outside $3,000,000
in amount, that the groat mass of the claims
which were in the Court of Claims were cases
of men who have proved their loyalty and who
have not attempted to plead the pardon of the
President as one of the elements of their case.
Now, a few words, and only a few, in refer-
ence to what has been said about the inten-
tion of the Government with regard to this
fund. I assume that when the President of
the United States issued his proclamation ou
the 8t,h of December, 1803, in which he granted,
on the condition of taking a certain oath and
keeping it thereafter, '•reslorationof all righ's
of property, except as to slaves and where the
right of third parties should have intervened,"
that proclamation meant something. I as-
sume, therefore, that when a citizen of the late
insurrectionary Stales went forward and took
the oath prescribed in letter and form under
that proclamation, and thereafter kept that
oatli inviolate, the restoration of his rights of
property, except as to slaves and where the
rights of third parties should have intervened,
had a substantial meaning, and that after that
time at any rate, whatever might have been
done prior to that, it was no more a legitimate
act to take his properly than it would be to
take his property to-day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend a
question ?
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. [ ask him whether he
agrees with the Supreme Court in recognizing
the fact that a citizen of the United States who
engaged in the rebellion occupied a double
attitude toward the Government, first, as a
criminal and next as a public enemy?
Mr. SAWYER. I do not see the relevancy
of the question; but if the Senator will explain
it, perhaps I may.
/'• ^^MUNDS. I did not know but that
my triend could agree to the decision of the
Supreme Court whether he saw the relevancy
?0t' en 1 wlU explain to my friend
so that he need not commit himself on that
question of law until he sees what is going to
be the nf Supposing the decision of
_ _ - - - — i r o i>i"; ut/UlSHJIi OX
Ae Supreme Court to be right, as it plainly
was, that a citizen of the United States who
went into the rebellion occupied a double atti-
tudetoward the Government, one that of a
criminal, the other that of a public enemy,
then we had two sets of statutes touching that
same man, each applying to his separate atti-
tudes. As a criminal, as a citizen, we had the
confiscation laws and the punishment of trea-
son, the deprivation of property, fines, penal-
ties, everything. As a public enemy, we had
tne exercise o. the war power to capture his
property and to take that which in the course
of the war had been abandoned as in the course
of warlike operations, which would fall ex-
actly like captured property, as where an en-
emy suddenly abandoned a town and you seized
the stores and things found lying loose.
That being the plain distinction which the
Supreme Court itself, that the Senator from
South Carolina so much reveres, has laid
down in the very first cause decided on this
question, I submit that this proclamation of
the President was not a pardon to any person
in the attitude of an enemy; you cannot par-
don'a public enemy; you only pardon the
citizen who has been guilty of a breach of
municipal law, a criminal; and therefore the
effect of the pardon under this amnesty, when
it speaks of the restoration of rights, was a
promise to him that all his rights as a citizen
under the criminal laws should be restored to
him ; that we would not condemn him to fines,
penalties, or if we had that we would remit
them ; that we would not seize and confiscate
his property as a man guilty of treason, or if
we had we would give it back to him, that
the forfeiture should cease; but it had no
relevance of application at all to this attitude
which he occupied with the whole body of his
associates as public enemies whea we cap-
tured property, exercising belligerent rights,
as we did this cotton.
Mr. SAWYER. As the Senator from Ver-
mont and I were born in a section of country
where it is the custom to answer one question
by asking another, I ask him whether the posi-
tion is clianged where the property was taken
after the amnesty oath had been subscribed
and pardon had been granted?
Mr EDMUNDS. Not in the least. It
would rather stiengthen the position, I say.
Mr. SAWYER. I leave the legal correct-
ness of the Senator's remarks to be tested by
the common sense of mankind. In the case
of Savannah, for instance, I have had it made
known to ine that there was a promise given
by the commanding officer of the Federal
troops who took possession of that city that
all private property should be respected. As
a matter of fact, the citizens from whom cot-
ton was taken in the city of Savannah to the
amount of five or six million dollars had
themselves taken the amnesty oath prior to
this cotton being seized. The same thing was
true iu the city of Charleston ; the same thing
was true in other sections of country.
I said that I did not rise to discuss this
question in its legal aspect; but I assert that
every one of those men who took that amnesty
oath understood that thereafter he stood in
regard to his rights of property in the same
position as any other citizen ; that the pardon
implied a restoration of his rights of property
f°,r°'veness all offenses against the
United States; that the pardon was under-
stood to be a forgiveness of all his offenses
against the United States. We allowed these
parties to go into the Court of Claims; thev
went into that court; and in that court, either
originally or upon appeal to the Supreme
Court, they obtained judgments in their favor.
Ihe highest court known to the law authorized
those judgments. Now, the Congress of the
United States, or a portion of the Congress
of the United States, finding that those judg-
ments did not meet the purpose which some
ol us have to deprive those men of their pron-
erty and prevent its going back in due accord-
ance with the law as expounded by the highest
tribunal known to the Government, try to legis-
late around that decision and to defeat the pur-
pose of the court in rendering it.
1 do not know but that this is good policv. I
do not know that it is notgood policy to break
the national faith to these men; but that it is
a breach of national faith, I think no man can
hesitate to say who will look at it with un-
prejudiced eyes. It is a very easy matter to
get up here and talk about giving pronertv
back to rebels. If Senators will look a^lfttle
more at the promises which have been made on
this matter by the legislation of the country,
and remember thai we admitted certain people
into the Court of Claims—admitted them there
to the court on certain statutes; that having
been admitted they went through the regular
processes in that court, and their cases being
appealed to the Supreme Court were decided
iu their favor—it seems to me they must hold
that that was a pledge on the part of the Gov-
ernment to abide by the decision of the court;
and that after they have gone through all that
process according to law in every step, as that
law is explained by the highest tribunal, to ask
them to run the ordeal of an appeal to Con-
gress for an appropriation to pay the judgment
obtained in the courts, is an outrage upon the
rights which these people have.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to ask my friend
if he understood the act of 18G3, providing for
captured and abandoned property, to apply to
people who have been engaged in the rebellion
as a fact /
Mr. SAWYER. I am not a lawyer, and I
shall not attempt to follow in the footsteps of
lawyers on this floor in criticising the judg-
ment of t.he highest court in the land and say-
ing that it is all wrong. I assume as prima
facie the fact that the judgment of the Supreme
Court on a question of law which comes before
them in the ordinary routine of their business
is right until it is reversed by some competent
authority.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was not the question
I asked my friend. I did not ask him to criti-
cise anybody. I only asked him to say whether
he understood the meaning of the act of 1863
to be to provide a place in the Court of Claims
for people who had in fact been disloyal?
Mr. SAWYER. I have not the text of the
act before me.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend knows what
it is perfectly well. I will furnish him the
text if that is the trouble.
Mr. SAWYER. I assume that the inter-
pretation put upon the act of 1863, and all
other acts pertaining to these causes, made
by the Supreme Court, was the correct inter-
pretation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That was not the ques-
tion I asked my friend exactly ; but I with-
draw it.
Mr. SAWYER. ^ That is my statement of
the case, and I think it is the statement of
the case that the Senator would make himself
it he were not trying to catch me in a legal
trap.
But, Mr. President, I did not rise to make
a speech on this question. I only rose to say
a word or two about this matter of the alleged
onslaught upon the Treasury. I think the
fear that all this fund may be dissipated and
wasted upon rebels is entirely a foolish and
vain fear, because the figures which I have
given come from the records in the cases;
ley are accurate, and in any possible event
there must be $10,000,000 of this fund left,
i ow, it is impossible for any other suitor to
get into the Court of Claims under the cap-
tured and abandoned property act, and has
een tor nearly four years. It is not a ques-
tion of opening cases anew ; it is simply a
question of whether Congress will let the pro-
cesses of law in the courts go on in regular
order, or whether they will step in while those
causes are pending in the courts and interfere
with the judgments of the courts in relation
to them.
thf"*' Mr. President, so far as
ons aught upon the Treasury is concerned
that is involved under this particular Stat-
wi,' 1S comParatively an unimportant thing.
Zl,We 00nsider what is involved in the
p ciple upon which this proceeding is based,
we can truly say that this ten or twenty mil-
lion is a mere bagatelle, a mere trifle.
- i received as a well-settled prin-
ciple that no citizen of the United States has
arigbt under the Constitution, or under the
