978
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
February 13,
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the petition of
citizens of the State of Rhode Island, asking
for an appropriation for the improvement of
the harbor of Newport., setting forth that this
harbor is well known as one of the safest and
most accessible iti the world, and was origin-
ally of very ample dimensions, but from several
causes, particularly the want of strong currents
and the unavoidable deposit of dirt from the
commerce of th« port, it. has gradually grown
shoaler. and therefore le^s commodious and
convenient than formerly. This harbor is
almost surrounded l>y Und ihatha^ been ceded
by the Slate to the Government of the United
States for national purposes, it is one of the
most important harbors in theconntry. and one
of the most important in the world lor refuge,
and I know of no place atwkich an appropria-
tion of the public money could be more judi-
ciously expended for tiiat purpose. This peti-
tion is signed by the Governor of the State, by
the Lieutenant. Governor, by the mayor of the
city of Providence, by a large number of sen-
a'ors and representatives of the State, and
numerous merchants and mercantile firms. I
move its reference to the Committee on Com-
merce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have a petition from
Bear Admiral Charles Wilkes, who com-
manded the exploring expedition. In 1843
Congress passed an act for the publication of
the results of this expedition, which are very
important, iti a scientific and geographical
point of view. During the progress of the
war it was thought best to suspend the pub-
lication until the war should cease; and Kear
Admiral Wilkes now asks that the materials,
which are very full and ample, which were col-
lected at very great expense, may be now used
in the publication; and incase Congress shall
decline to do so, he desires to have the mate-
rials placed at his own disposal, being willing
rather to incur the expense of the publication
himself than that a matter of so much import-
ance to the world should be lost. I move the
reference of this petition to the Committee on
the Library.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
William S. Penick, of Elmore county, Ala-
bama, praying the removal of his political dis-
abilities; which was referred to the select
Committee on the Removal of Political Dis-
abilities.
The VICE PRESIDENT presented a res-
olution of the Legislature of Kansas concerning
the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa F6 Railroad
Company, and the extension of the time for
the completion of its railroad; which was
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
swamp lands in iowa.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub
lie Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 533) for the relief of Lucas, O'Brien,
Dickinson, and other counties in the State of
Iowa, have had the same under consideration,
and have directed me to report it back with
an amendment, and recommend its passage.
I think the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Weight]
desires, inasmuch as this is a mere local mat-
ter. that the bill may be put on its passage
now by unanimous consent.
Mr. VVHIGH f. I will state that that is the
same bill which passed both Houses of Con-
gress before, has been referred to the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office, and has
his approval. He has made an amendmeut
to it sucli as the committee report back. It
is_a local measure entirely, and I trust there
will be no objection to its consideration now.
By unanimous consent,, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider ihe bill.
The amendment of the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands was in the last line of the bill, after
tk;i word 'Mogul," to insert the words " en-
tries or the," and at the end of the bill to add
"under the homestead and preemntion laws
of the United States prior to the date of this
act; " so that the bill will read :
That the Commissioner of the General Land Office
is hereby authorized and required to receive and
eximine the selections of swatnp hinds in Lucas,
O'Brien. Dickinson, and such other counties in the
State of Iowa, as formerly presented their selections
to the surveyor general t f thedistrict including that
State, and allow or disallow said selections, and in-
demnity provided for according to the acts of Con-
gress in force touching the same at the time such
selections were.inade, without prejudice to the legal
entries or the rights of bona jiile settlers under the
homestead and preemption laws of the United States
prior to tbe date of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, to whom was referred the
petition of Hiram R. Rhea, praying for a pen-
sion, asked to be discharged from its further
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Pensions; which was agreed to.
Mr. CORBETT, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the
petition of Elbridge Gerry, submitted a report,
accompanied by a bill (S. No. 036) for the
relief of Elbridge Gerry.
The bill was read and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CRAG1N, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, to whom was referred a letter
of tbe Secretary of the Navy and a copy of
the report of a certain board of naval officers,
moved that they be printed and recommitted
to the committee; which was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. POOL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
032) to establish a post road in North Carolina ;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. NORWOOD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (3.
No 633) to remove the legal and political dis-
abilities of JohnO. Ferrill, of Georgia; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Polit-
ical Disabilities, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 631) to amend an act entitled "An act for
theremovalof certain cases from State courts,"
approved July 27, 1866; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORION asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 635) granting to the Denver, Laramie, and
iron Mountain Railroad and Telegraph Com-
pany a right of way through the public lands
for the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. MORTON. This hill asks no grant of
land, but merely gives the right of way. I
move its reference to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and that it be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PATTERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 63") to establish a municipal court
in the District of Columbia; which was read
twice by its title, referred to the Committee on
the District of Columbia, and ordered to be
printed.
AMENDMENTS TO APPROPRIATION BILL.
_Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont, from the Com-
mirtee on Public Buildings and Grounds, sub-
mitted an amendment intended to be proposed
to the bill (H. R. No. 1000) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and
judicial expenses of the Government for the
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses; which was referred to the Committee
on Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
Messrs CORBET I', FEN TON. JOHNS-
TON, and SPENCER submitted amendments
intended tobe proposed by them to the bill (II.
R. No. 1000) making approptiations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30. 1873, and for other purposes; which were
referred to tbe Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
POSTAL CODE.
Mr. RAMSEY. I submitthe following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration :
Resolved, That the bill (H. It. No. 1) to revise,
consolidate, and amend the statutes relating to tho
Post Office Department be made the special order
for Friday next after the morning hour.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This requires a
two-thirds vote.
The resolution was adopted, two thirds voting
in the affirmative.
TROOPS' CLOTHING DESTROYED AT CHICAGO.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S.
No. 615) to reimburse certain soldiers for loss
of clothing by fire at Chicago.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time, and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. The Secretary of War
is authorized by its terms to issue without
charge to certain soldiers of the general mount-
ed service of the United States Army sufficient
clothing, or the money value thereof, to replace
the amount lost by each of them during their
efforts to subdue the fire in Chicago ; but the
total value of such clothing shall not in the
aggregate exceed the sum of §130.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, aud passed.
TRANSPORTATION IN BOND.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to take up
House bill No. 1330.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1330) to amend
the thirty-second section of an act entitled
"An act to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes," approved July 14, 1870. By
this bill section thirty-two of an act entitled
"An act to reduce internal taxes, and for
other purposes," approved July 14, 1870, is
amended to read as lollows :
Sec..32. That merchandise transported under tbo
provisions of this act shall be conveyed in cars,
vessels, or vehicles, securely fastened with locks or
seals, under the exclusive control of the officers of
customs: and inspectors shall be stationed at proper
points along the designated routes, or upon any car
■vessel, vehicle, or train, at the discretion of the
said beerctary, and at the expense of the said com-
panies respectively. And such mcrchnndiseshall
uot be unladen or transhipped between the ports of
first arrival and tnal destination, unless auihoriztd
by the regulations of the Secretary of the Treasury
or with his consent first obtained; but in no case
shall there be permitted any breaking of the original
packages of such merchandise.
The Committee on Finance reported an
amendment to the bill, to strike out in line
seventeen the words "or with his consent
first obtained," and in lieu thereof insert " in
cases which mav arise from a difference in
the gauge of railroads, or from accidents, or
from legal interveniion ; " so as to make the
clause read :
shall not^ be unladen or
railroads, or 1 rom accidents, or from legal interven-
tion; but m 110 case shall there be permitted any
disc* 8 original packages of such merchan-
Mr. SHERMAN. The only effect of this
section, as every Senator will perceive, is this •
in the act referred to, the act providing for
Ulterior transportation ot goods in bond, u was
provided that the packages shall not be taken
from the car or vessel in which they are first
