3666
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 20>
of hope, and our Army was destitute and face
to face with starvation, the joyful news was
announced to the camp at Valley Forge that
Franklin and his colleagues had on February
6, 1778, concluded a treaty with France by
■which that powerful nation bound herself to
guarantee to the United States their liberty,
sovereignty, and independence, absolute and
unlimited, as well in matters of government
as commerce.
I need not repeat, for the American people
will never forget it, how new life was infused
into our cause, new hope into our councils
by this happy occurrence, nor how faithfully
France kept her promise down to the last sur-
render at Yorktown, a result largely aided by
Rochambeau and the men he had brought to
our aid across the sea.
But the treaties of alliance and of amity of
commerce, of February 6, 1788, bound the
United States also to reciprocal obligations.
By the first, the United States guarantied to
France forever " the present possessions of
the Crown of France in America, as well as
those it may acquire by the future treaty of
peace."
By the second, the privateers of either coun-
try were allowed to fit their ships and sell their
prizes in the ports of the other, while priva-
teers in enmity with either which shall have
made prize of the subjects, people, or property
of either of the parties, were denied refuge or
shelter in their ports.
Let us see how our own country fulfilled its
stipulations.
In February, 1793, war broke out between
Great Britain aud France, defensive ou the
part of the latter, in which the most powerful
States of Europe soon took part, siding against
France, and in order to suppress the rising
republic issued the most cruel edicts against
those found aiding her vessels to fuel or their
crews to subsistence.
France had shed her blood freely, and spent
$280,000,000 to aid us in our revolutionary
struggle. She naturally looked to us now for
the performance of our treaty stipulations, but
it was determined by our authorities that such
performance was impossible; that to attempt
to save for France her American islands aud
join her in the war against the European
allies would endanger our own existence.
Accordingly, on April 22, 1793, Washington
issued liis neutrality proclamation.
This was followed by the treaty with Eng-
land of November 19, 1794, known as Jay's
treaty, by which we not only allowed English
ships of war and their prizes and Enflish pri-
vateers to enter our ports, but prohibited the
arming of foreign privateers (including those
of France) or the sale or exchange of their
prizes in our ports. The French people were
indignant, and their privateers began to prey
upon our commerce. Added to these provoca-
tions was very frequently the necessity of cap-
turing our vessels and cargoes to avoid star-
vation.
Although the Government of France con-
stantly promised indemnity for these spo-
liations, we were rapidly drifting into a war
with her. This calamity was avoided by the
convention with France of September 30,1800,
article five of which agreed that the "debts"
due from citizens of each country should be
paid, but added that "this clause shall not
extend to indemnities claimed on account of
captures or confiscation."
But against the claims of our citizens for
these spoliations France had constantly in-
terposed the damages done her from our fail-
ure to aid her in preserving her islands and
possessions in America, most of which had
been swept from her by the war, and the losses
by our forbidding to her the use of our ports,
solemnly guarantied to her by the treaties
of 1778.
Upon these mutual claims and counter
claims no agreement was reached. Article
two of the treaty of 1800 recited this fact in
the following language:
" The ministers plenipotentiary of the two parties,
not being able to agree at present respecting the
treaty of alliance of February 6,1778, the treaty of
amity and commerce of the same date, and the con-
vention of November 14,1778, nor upon the indem-
nities mutually due and claimed, the parties will
negotiate further on these subjects at a convenient
time," &c.
The Senate of the United States expunged
the second article, and limited the convention
to eight years; and on July 31, 1801, the con-
vention with this limitation was ratified by
Napoleon, then First Consul, including the
retrenchment of the second article, with the
addition of these words :
" Provided, That by this retrenchment the two
States renounce the respective pretensions which
are the object of said article."
Our Senate ratified the convention with the
important addition thus made. On Decem-
ber 21, 1801, it was promulgated by the Pres-
ident, and the United States thus surrendered
the claims of our citizens on France for the
spoliations committed up to that time, obtaining
in return a release from the indemnities claimed
by France for our violation of the treaties of
1778.
From that moment a sacred obligation rested
on our Government to pay to our citizens the
losses from, indemnity for which we bad re-
leased France, receiving in return a consider-
ation the value of which could scarcely be
counted.
By a circular letter of August 27, 1793,
Thomas Jefferson, then Secretary of State,
assured the merchants of the country con-
cerned in foreign commerce or navigation
that our attention should be paid to the spolia-
tions committed on their vessels by the pri-
vateers of the Powers at war, and asked them
to forward authenticated evidence of their
This evidence, it is believed, was all for-
warded to the State Department, and in 1826
was fully communicated to Congress by Henry
Clay, then Secretary of State, with a power-
ful appeal for payment to our citizens who
had suffered by the spoliations of the French
prior to the promulgation of this treaty. All
other losses from spoliations by the French
and other nations upon our commerce have
been paid.
The claimants did not sleep on their rights,
nor has Congress been unmindful of them.
Forty-one committees of Congress have
reported favorably on those claims. Five
times has a bill for their relief passed the
Senate. Twice has Congress voted $5,000,-
000 to settle these damages, the bills having
been vetoed by Presidents Polk and Pierce
for temporary and temporizing reasons. The
Legislatures of fourteen States have sent their
request for the passage of a bill such as I have
presented and now have the honor to report.
The vessels captured and never compensated
for, number, as nearly as can be ascertained,
nine hundred, valued, with their cargoes, at
over twelve million dollars. Certainly the
$5,000,000 proposed by the present bill, to be
ascertained by a commission, and only paid
by appropriation hereafter, upon the fullest
investigation, will not be deemed too much
by the American people.
A great nation cannot afford to do wrong.
The original claimants for these spoliations
have passed away, but their evidences of loss
were not merchantable, anfl ia the majority of
cases are still owned by their heirs. What
1 desire in this brief review is to bring to the
attention of the House and the country the emi-
nent justice on which these claims rest, and
to extend an earnest word of hope to those
who have been too long suffering and too long
delayed.
I now ask that the second Wednesday of
December next be fixed for the consideration
of this bill.
Mr. AMBLER. I do not desire to inter-
fare with the arrangements of my colleague on
the committee, but X would say that the prob-
ability is that this bill will provoke consider-
able discussion, and I desire merely to sug-
gest to him the propriety of deferring its con-
sideration until after the holiday recess.
Mr. DICKEY. Oh, no; let us have it as
early as possible.
Mr. L. MYERS. I desire to have the date
fixed which I have named.
Mr. HOLM AN. I desire to make amotion
with reference to this bill. The pending mo-
tion, I believe, is to postpone its consideration
to a definite time?
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Gar-
field, of Ohio, in the chair. The motion is
to postpone its consideration until the second
Wednesday of December next.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to move its indefi-
nite postponement.
Mr. AMBLER. I hope the gentleman from
Indiana will not make that motion, but will be
satisfied with the postponement of the con-
sideration of the bill till next session.
Mr. HOLMAN. I withdraw the motion.
The motion of Mr. L. MYERS, to postpone
the further consideration of the bill to the
second Wednesday of December next, wad
agreed to.
ocean telegraphs.
Mr. WOOD, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported a bill (H. R. No. 2853) relat-
ing to telegraphic communication between the
United States and foreign countries ; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill was read. The first section pro-
vides that all communication established, or
that may hereafter be established, between
the United States and any foreign country by
means of telegraphic or magnetic lines or
cables laid in any part thereof, in and over
the waters, reefs, islands, shores, and lands
within the jurisdiction of the United States,
shall be subject to the following conditions,
stipulations, and reservations, to wit, first, the
Government of the United States shall be
entitled to exercise and enjoy the same or
similar privileges with regard to the control
and use of any such line or cable that may, by
law, agreement, or otherwise, be exercised
and enjoyed by any foreign Government
whatever; secondly, citizens of the United
States shall enjoy the same privileges as to
the payment of rates for the transmission
of messages as are enjoyed by the citizens of
the most favored nations; thirdly, the trans-
mission of dispatches shall be made in the
following order: first, dispatches of State,
under such regulations as may be agreed upon
by the Governments interested; second, dis-
patches on telegraphic service; third, private
dispatches; fourthly, the lines of any such
cables shall be kept open to the public for the
daily transmission of market and commercial
reports and intelligence, and all messages,
dispatches, and communications shall be
forwarded in the order in which they are
received, except as hereinbefore provided;
fifthly, it shall not be lawful for two or more
companies to consolidate or unite their inter-
ests without the consent of the Secretary of
State of the United States, and upon such
terms as he may determine. If any two or
more such companies have combined or shall
combine to fix the rates of compensation for
messages, it shall be the duty of the Secretary
of State, in the absence of the international
convention regulating the matter, to determine
such rates and to establish such rules and reg-
ulations with regard to them as he may judge
necessary; and the exercise of these powers
shall be subject to the control of Congress,
and be applicable to existing cables as well as
those hereafter established.
The second section provides that, subject to
such grants as have heretofore been made by
Congress, the Secretary of State is authorized
