1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3661
and directed to grant permission to any citi-
zen or association of citizens of the United
States, upon application to him in writing, to
connect by telegraphic wires the territory of
the United States with that of any foreign
country the Government of which shall have
granted, or agrees to grant, to such applicants
permission to land and work such telegraphic
wires on its shores; and the Secretary of State
is hereby authorized to grant permission, npon
due application in writing, to any citizen or
association of citizens of any foreign country,
to connect the territory of the United States
by telegraphic wires with that of any foreign
country; provided, that the foreign coun-
try, proposed to be so connected shall have
granted, or agrees to grant, to citizens of the
United States the same rights and privileges
for landing and working telegraphic wires on
its shores as it has granted, or may grant, to
its own citizens.
The third section provides that any person
connected with any company engaged in the
transmission of news to foreign countries who
shall, contrary to his duty, disclose or in any
way make known or intercept the contents of
any message or any part thereof, and any per-
son who shall injure or destroy any cable or
other property of the company, or interfere
with the working, repair, or use of any cable
or line connected with such cable, shall, upon
conviction thereof, be subject to a fine not ex-
ceeding $5,000, or to imprisonment for a term
not exceeding three years, and the party in-
jured thereby shall have a right of action for
damages. It shall be the duty of the Attorney
General to prosecute all persons offending
against any of the provisions of this act in any
district court of the United States.
Mr. WOOD. This bill, as reported from the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, is substantially
the same as the bill which was passed unani-
mously by the last Congress. It is a general bill
in its character, providing that any party or cor-
poration or individual may connect a cable with
the shores ofthe United States simply by enter-
ing at the State Department a notice, arid con-
sent to conform to the general provisions of this
bill. It proposes to regulate tbe order of the
transmission of messages. It proposes to grant
to no foreign corporation any privilege of con-
nection, in case that foreign nation does not in
return grant like privileges to our citizens. It
proposes to protect the property invested in
cables and put the whole enterprise under
govermental jurisdiction, subject to any rights
which the States may possess.
It is not improper, probably, for me to refer
to the great magnitude of ocean telegraphy.
The whole globe is now encircled with the
ocean cables. There have been constructed
over two thousand miles of ocean cables within
the last two years. There are now over forty
thousand miles of ocean cables laid. We have
various applications to Congress for special
grants and special subsidies to lay ocean cables
under Government patronage, and with exclu-
sive privileges in behalf of individuals or citi-
zens. This bill does not propose to interfere
with any of these propositions. It is simply a
general law bringing all the cables now in exist-
ence, or which may hereafter be in existence,
under the direction and control of a general
law applicable to all of them, protecting pri-
vate interests, public interests, and national
interests, which are all involved in the success-
ful prosecution of these great enterprises.
The bill which passed this House unani-
mously in the last Congress went to the Senate,
and an amendment was put to it which estab-
lished the maximum rate at which messages
should be charged by the companies. The
President vetoed the bill, or rather withheld
his signature, on the ground that that provis-
ion put in by the Senate and subsequently
concurred in by the House was improper, as in
my judgment it was improper, and I believe I
now state the universal opinion of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs that the amendment
was not a proper one. The bill is one, there-
fore, which I apprehend no gentleman will
take any exception to, and I propose to move
the previous question.
Mr. BANKS. Allow me one moment.
Mr. WOOD. Certainly.
Mr. BANKS. Gentlemen of the House
will remember that this bill was passed by an
almost unanimous vote in the last Congress,
both in the House and in the Senate, but failed
to receive the approval of the President in
consequence of his disapproval of one pro-
vision. The bill is modified now, with the
unanimous consent of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, in accordance with the views of the
President, so that it has to-day, substantially,
the concurrence of the Senate, the House of
Representatives, and the President. I hope
there will be no objection to its passage, and
I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. WOOD moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
loomis aerial telegraph.
Mr. CONGER. I wish to submit to the
House some remarks in favor of the passage
of House bill No. 772, to incorporate the
Loomis aerial telegraph.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that the House
now adjourn.
Mr. CONGER. _ I hope the gentleman will
not make that motion now.
Mr. RANDALL. I have no objection to
allowing the gentleman to make his remarks
now.
The SPEAKER pro tempore, (Mr. Gab-
field, of Ohio.) It requires unanimous con-
sent, under the order of the House, to con-
sider any business this evening except that
reported from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs.
Mr. BINGHAM. This bill has no appro-
priation in it; it proposes simply to incorpor-
ate a company.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not object to the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Conger} mak-
ing any remarks he may choose upon the bill
he has indicated. But I do object to the bill
being jerked in here out of order for action at
this time.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is no appropriation
in it.
Mr. CONGER. I hope the gentleman will
withhold his objection until he has heard what
I have to say.
Mr. RANDALL. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. CONGER. Mr. Speaker, this House,
in the exercise of its plenary power, has seen
fit to refer this bill for consideration to the
Committee on Commerce.
Without questioning how far the rights and
privileges of the Committee on Foreign Af-
fairs may have been infringed by this course,
we are at liberty, sir, at least to regret that by
this carelessness of the House, or inadvertence
of its Speaker, the House may have deprived
itself of the right to require the official sup-
port of the eloquent chairman of that com-
mittee [Mr. Banks] to assist in defining the
boundary line of power and responsibilities
between "this most powerful nation on the
globe" and the vast outlying domain of this
proposed field of exploration, supposed to be-
long to the " prince of the power of the air,"
the "prince of darkness," or some other
Power, potentate, or principality.
Sir, the committee which I have the honor
in part to represent, finding in this bill no
"subsidy" whatever, and no "draft upon the
Treasury," were- unable, with any show of
propriety, to ask the reference of this bill to
the Committee on Appropriations, whose
chairman [Mr. Garfield] could so happily
elucidate its possibilities Of success fn explor-
ing "the serene altitudes of pure reason," and
could illumine with his fervid eloquence the
tracings of that imaginary line where the
"lex script a" of constitutional power and the
"lex non scripta" of scientific research might
so blend and harmonize the forces of nature
and of law as to prevent any new and benefi-
cent discovery from being " ruled out of
order" as "new legislation."
For a moment, sir, but only for a moment,
this committee indulged the hope that we
might impose the consideration of this import-
ant subject upon the Committee on Education
and Labor, but we recognized the futility of
such expectations upon discovering that there
were neither "public lands" in the bill itself
nor in the domain of its contemplated explor-
ations, and what seemed a still more fatal ob-
jection, that its pathway of discovery passed
by no " venerable scholastic antiquities, like
those of William and Mary," amid whose
ruins the committee could linger in honor of
"heroic achievement" or in honor of "the
contiguous residence of men of immortal
fame," and lament the "ravages" of time,
repair the inflictions of " disorderly" strife,
or check the "unauthorized" advances of
decay.
Far be it from me, Mr. Speaker, to reveal
the secrets of this most important committee
of the House, the Committee on Commeree,
except for a paramount public good ; but I am
constrained to admit that one rash and mis-
guided member of our committee even pro-
posed to send this bill to the Committee of
Ways and Means, where the venerable father
of .the House [Mr. Dawes] might not only
foster it with paternal fondness himself, but
give it healthy exercise by tossing it upon the
angry elements of conflicting opinion and
clashing interest, supposed to reign at times
within the secret conclave of their delibera-
tions I
But, sir, the enormity of the proposition
startled even the member himself upon the
suggestion that "the Ways and Means," un-
der some not infrequent impulse of gener-
osity toward "protection," might put light-
ning itself on "the free list," with lumber and
salt and "villainous saltpeter," and blow up
private interests and public prosperity with
theoretic accuracy, without even "incidental
protection" to the future condition of the
members of that committee themselves—a
result for which no one can assert positively
that the country is yet fully prepared.
If we look to the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, who have in charge the
very birthplace of this invention, we shall
find the legitimate objects of their supervision
just at this time "earthly and superficial,"
tending to the nadir rather than to the zenith,
supervising the efforts of those who are ex-
pending millions in removing the inequalities
of the earth's surface and covering it again
with wood and stone and " slow-exuding
asphalt;" so that already within this "city
of magnificent distances" the bold horseman
finds no spot of undisturbed turf whereon his
steed
"Shakes, with swift-following and resounding hoof,
the yielding sod."
" Quadrupedante putrem sonitu quatit ungula cam-
pam."
No, sir; I announce it with regret, we could
not commit the fate of this atrial scheme to
such proclivities to terrestrial upturuings, and
therefore our committee, with singular unan-
imity, have instructed the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Holman] and myself to report
this bill to the House with favorable recom-
mendation, and to urge its passage.
We trust, also, that the measure will receive
the aid of the fervid eloquence of the gentle-
