1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2771
common law, or under any general statute to
bring a suit against the Government for a tort.
The sovereign cannot be sued by the citizen
in that way. The citizen can have no cause
of action against the Government except as it
is given by statute, to that extent and no more.
If he has a remedy for a wrong it is purely
statutory, and that remedy extends no further
than the provision of the statute. The limit-
ation may be a very narrow one, it may be
very unreasonable in its character, but still as
the remedy is purely statutory, it cannot go
one inch beyond the provision of the statute.
The statute may give a remedy to a man of
a particular stature or of a particular com-
plexion. We may say that the condition or
the limitation is very absurd, very unreasona-
ble, and so it would be, yet it must be regarded,
because the sole foundation of the remedy is
the statute, and therefore in searching the ex-
tent and character of that remedy you must
look simply to the language of the statute.
Congress decided to give a remedy for cap-
tured or abandoned property in a certain case
where theparty whose property was taken was
loyal. That is the extent of the remedy that
Congress chose to give, where he was loyal in
fact. Now, it may have been very absurd for
Congress to make this limitation or to attach
this condition to the remedy. Nevertheless,
the remedy cannot go one inch beyond that
given by the statute, and the statute gives the
remedy in a case where the man whose prop-
erty was taken was loyal in fact. Now, the
Supreme Court come in and say that a pardon
granted six years afterward to an acknowledged
rebel, has the effect in contemplation of law
to make him loyal from the beginning, and to
give him a remedy in the Court of Claims,
not only outside of the provision of the stat-
ute, but in express defiance of it.
Now, I submit to this Senate that the Su-
preme Court has given cause of action against
this Government entirely outside of the statute
and in defiance of the statute. In other words,
the Supreme Court has legislated to give to
men who were disloyal in fact a right to sue
this Government in express defiance of a pro-
vision of the law which says that nobody but
loyal men shall have that right.
Now, Mr. President, suppose, for the sake
of argument, that this right to sue the Govern-
ment for a tort in the seizure of property
existed at common law, and that this statute
had been passed in derogation of the common-
law right, confining it to a case where the man
was actually loyal and taking away that com-
mon-law right which belonged to everybody
to bring an action of tort against the Govern-
ment in said case. It might be possible for
the Supreme Court to come in and say that
the provision limiting this common-law right
was in derogation of the constitutional power
of the President in regard to granting a par-
don which should be retroactive in its effect.
There is the preexisting common-law right
belonging to everybody, and the act of 1863 is
a mere limitation upon it. But when you
consider the other fact that the right to sue is
purely statutory, and belongs only to those to
whom it is given by an act of Congress, and
it is given by Congress only to those who are
actually loyal, then when the Supreme Court
extends that to men who were disloyal by
virtue of the constitutional effect of a pardon
granted by the President, I say it is in effect
making a class of men competent to sue who
were not competent before, and it is, in effect,
legislation.
As I said before, this question is chiefly im-
portant in view of its general effect outside of
this small fund of ten or twenty millions. It
is a large fuud in one sense, but small in con-
templation of the consequences. What is this
principle? That the effect of a pardon is to
make every man who was engaged in the rebel-
lion loyal from the beginning and, so far as his
rights are concerned under the law, either the
law of nations, statutory law, or the common
law, his rights were not affected by his going
into the rebellion. The effect of the decision
is, that so far as the question of rights is con-
cerned, there has been no rebellion, and every
man whose property was taken by the Gov-
ernment, by the armies, or by an act of official
authority, is to be regarded as a loyal man and
the Government is to be regarded as the tres-
passer. Cau it be denied that this is theelfect
of this principle ?
Now, suppose an army had marched through
loyal Massachusetts, had seized property for
supplies, occupied ground and houses and
cities for camps, and destroyed and burned as
might suit their caprice or their convenience ;
does anybody doubt that Congress in the course
of time, sooner or later, would reimburse all
the men who were thus wronged ? The prin-
ciple of justice is eternal, and sooner or later
it rises, though it may be crushed to earth for
a time. When the men engaged in the rebel-
lion by the effect of a pardon are put upon the
same ground as loyal men, are to be regarded
as innocent and loyal from the beginning, may
we not expect that in course of time they, too,
will be reimbursed, and that they will be treated
precisely as the people of Massachusetts would
have been if an army had marched through
that State?
It is in view of these consequences that I
have been so profoundly affected by this decis-
ion of the Supreme Court. Let me illustrate
it. We have appointed a commission, which
is now in session in this city, to adjudicate
upon the claims of southern loyalists for sup-
plies taken for our Army, quartermaster and
commissary stores. We have authorized this
commission to find how much property of that
kind was taken from loyal men in the South
with a view of paying them for it. We have
made no appropriation yet, but we shall make
it. Now, according to the effect of this decis-
ion, the condition prescribed in the creation
of that commission, that they shall find only
in cases where the loyalty of the claimant is
proved, must be stricken out. If the effect
of a pardon is to strike out that condition in
regard to captured and abandoned property
in the statute of 1863 requiring the petitioner
to be loyal, I ask if it will not equally strike
out the provision in the law creating the
southern claims commission, now sitting in
this city; and requiring them only to present a
finding in the case of loyal claimants? It is
equally applicable in the one case as in the
other ; and wherever a wrong has been done
to a loyal man for which he is in point of law
or in point of sound morals and justice entitled
to a remedy, either in the courts or before
Congress, the effect of a pardon, according
to this decision, is to give a disloyal man
the same rights precisely. It is laying the
foundation (and that is the aspect in which
I chiefly deplore the decision) lor future pay-
ment for all the property taken by our armies
or destroyed by our armies in the course of
the war in the South.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Will the Sen-
ator from Indiana permit me to interrupt him
for a moment?
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir.
_ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. _ I call his atten-
tion to another proof, also, right in that con-
nection. This property was contraband of
war. The army were bound to seize it. The
army were upon it. It was not worth one
farthing to the disloyal owner; he had no
right to it; and if the proclamation of Presi-
dent Lincoln, or any other proclamation, re-
stored him to his rights, it did not create rights
of property. It was not worth a farthing to him,
and our armies took it with all the expense
to the nation that it was necessary to incur
to send an army there, to send that property
into market and put the proceeds into the
Treasury; and now the disloyal owner, who
had not a farthing of interest in it, comes here
and claims it as his right to have that large price
for his cotton and to tax the nation to-pay it,
Mr. CONKLING.' To make the Govern-
ment his bailee for the safe custody of his
property and turn it over to him.
Mr. MORTON. Yes, sir; he makes the Gov-
ernment- the bailee, or rather the insurer of
his property, and, as said by the Senator from
New Jersey, where his property was under the
circumstances worth nothing. The Govern-
ment acts as the guardian of the property,
seizes it, sells it, and holds the proceeds m
reserve until such time as the disloyal claim-
ant shall come forward and ask to be reim-
bursed. That makes the Government the iu-
surer against its own acts, makes the Govern-
ment to pay for the losses incurred by its own
act of war inflicted upon the public enemy,
Mr. President, 1 would be perfectly willing
now, as a Senator of the United States, to
sign a quit-claim for all the money in the
Treasury as the proceeds of captured and
abandoned property, and let it be taken out at
once if we could have a guarantee that the
operation of this principle is to stop there.
But when you consider that this principle is
just as applicable to the man's property that
was taken for quartermaster's supplies as it is
to the cotton that was taken and sold, just, as
applicable to the house that was destroyed in
the course of a march, the fences destroyed,
the forest destroyed, as it is to the case of cap-
tured and abandoned property, the question
becomes immeasurably important. The fact
that the Government sold the pioperty does
not make any difference. The point is the
fact that the Government seized the property
and took it from the owner. It makes no
difference what the Government did with it,
whether it sold the property and put the pro-
ceeds in the Treasi y or whether it burned
the property or otherwise destroyed it. That
is not the point. The man in contemplation
of law was a loyal man at the time, and the
Government took his property, and whatever
may have been done with it, whether sold or
destroyed or consumed by the Army, the Gov-
ernment is liable for it.
Now, sir, so far as the amendment offered
by the Senator from Vermont is concerned,
aside from that part referring to the appropri-
ation, it amounts in contemplation of law to
nothing. I shall vote for it, as I said the day
before yesterday, because I regard it as in the
nature of a protest, but it is simply a reenact-
ment of that which is now contained substan-
tially, absolutely in the statute of 1863. If
the Supreme Court can set aside that statute
upon the ground of the pardon, it can equally
set aside this. That statute said the man should
have no right to recover unless he proved his
loyalty. This statute says the Court of Claims
shall have no jurisdiction unless the man proves
his loyalty. Is it not the same thing in sub-
stance? The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] says " quite a difference." It is in my
opinion a distinction without a difference. But
what is the distinction ? Let us come right
down to substance, and not look to words and
shadows. The act of 1863 says that he shall
not recover unless lie proves his loyalty. It
is, in substance, saying that the Court of
Claims shall have no jurisdiction of any case
where the claimant was not loyal. Does it
not amount to that? It goes to the jurisdic-
tion as well as to the substance of the cause
of action. It is a mere difference in name, I
submit to my friend from Ohio, and no differ-
ence whatever in substance. To say that a
man shall not recover in the Court of Claims
unless he prove3 that he was loyal is the same
in substance as saying that the Court of Claims
shall have no jurisdiction unless he proves that
he was loyal. I ask where is the difference in
substance? None, whatever.
Therefore this amendment is in effect a
mere reenactment of the act of 1863. I vote
for it as a declaration on the part'of Con-
