1876
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
For the good of the country, and particu-
larly for the good of the Army, I would in this
respect gladly see a return to old customs. I
believe a majority of our officers sympathize
with me in this desire, and the few who seek
preferment by becoming violent partisans would
do well to bear it in mind that while military
men hold positions for life, a political party in
our country can at best hold power but for a
few brief years. The military gentlemen, who,
by reason of their zeal in behalf of a political
party, are basking in the sunshine of official
favor, should remember that—
" Though the mills of God grind slowly,
Yot they grind exceeding small;
Though with patience He stands waiting,
With exactness grinds He all."
The party now in power must sooner or
later be succeeded by one in opposition to it,
and while I do not conceive it possible that
the party which succeeds the one now in power
will ever draw on the Army for its orators, or
use the Army as a police force to guard the
polls, I do think that it may occur to some
members of the successful party that these
military men who have been doing double
duty, the duties of the politician as well as
that of an officer—the idea, I say, may occur
to some one that these gentlemen need rest,;
that it will be but just to permit them to retire
temporarily, at least, to some cool and invig-
orating climate like that of Alaska, where,
free from their duties as stump speakers, free
from the importunities of office-seekers, free
even from the allurements of fashionable so-
ciety, they can study not only the advantages
of the breech-loader over the old-fashioned
flint-lock, but also the advantages likely to
accruo to military men from taking an active
part in our political contests.
message from the senate.
The committee informally rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, a message
from the Senate, by Mr. Sympson, one of its
clerks, informed the House that the Senate
had disagreed t o the amendments of the House
to the bill (S. No. 681) providing for the re-
porting and printing of the debates of Con-
gress, that it requested a conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and that
it had appointed Mr. Anthony, Mr. Kami,in,
and Mr. Cassei:i,y as managers of the confer-
ence on the part of the Senate.
army appropriation him.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union resumed its session.
Mr. BECK. Mr. Chairman, 1 do not know
enough about the details of this bill to be able
to say what portions of it I may approve and
what portions I may disapprove when it comes
to be road by sections. But I want to say
generally to the committee that I shall make
all the objections I can to this bill, and to the
making of any appropriation for the Army of
the United States, until the Secretary of War
shall condescend to tell us what has been done
with the money which that Department has
received from the sales of the property of the
people made by its different- bureaus.
_ It has_ become fashionable of late, I mean
since this Administration came into power,
for executive officers to act as if they thought
Congress had no right to ask them for any
information. It is now more than two months
since this House, by an almost unanimous
vote, requested the President of the United
States to tell us why and for what offenses he
had suspended the writ of habeas corpus in
one of the States of this Union, to give the
names of the persons charged with offenses,
the dates of the alleged violation of law,
and the character of their offenses, the state-
ment having been made on the floor of this
House that no man had been guilty of offenses
calling for such a proceeding for months prior
to the date of the proclamation in several of
the counties where the Executive had deprived
thera of the right to the writ of habeas corpus,
which freemen have always regarded as |
sacred, and he has not condescended yet to
tell us, and I do not presume that he will. !
Mr. KELLEY. I beg to state to the gen-
tleman that I understand that the President
has sent in to-day a communication in answer
to that resolution, and that it is now on the
Speaker's table.
Mr. BECK. 1 am glad to hear it. Since
the resolution was adopted, two months have
elapsed without an answer to it being received.
That portion of the country has remained under
martial law, with the writ of habeas corpus
suspended, and the answer to the resolution is
only given to-day, when it might as well have
been given six weeks ago; but even that, if it
is responsive to our demand, is better than I
expected.
On the 28th of February I offered the fol-
lowing resolution, which was adopted by the
House:
" That the Secretary of War be directed to inform
this House as soon as practicable what property
belonging to the United States has been sold by
any officer or agent of the War Department or any
bureau thereof since the 30th day of June, 1865,
giving the name of the officer making the sale, the
character of the property sold, the time, place, and
manner of making the sales, and the amount real-
ized from said sales and the disposition made of the
proceeds, if paid over to the Treasurer or into the
Treasury, where and by whom it was drawn out,
when it was so drawn, and what was done with the
proceeds. Jle is directed to state how much money
has been spent by his Department and the bureaus
thereof since the 30th day of June, 1865, in addition
to the amounts appropriated by Congress for the
service of the several fiscal years commencing July
1,1865."
After keeping the resolution a week, the
Secretary of War sent us an answer, saying
that he could not give the information re-
quired, or that he would not do it, unless we
made an appropriation of $32,000 to enable
him to hire other clerks for the work; and
that it would take from one to nine months'
time to give us the information as to what
property had been sold by the different bu-
reaus. But at the same time he was very
positive in the statement that while property
had been sold, "in immense quantities, at
public and private sale," it had been done
"in strict accordance with the statutes."
When I first made the proposition this win-
ter for the inquiry as to sales made by the
Navy Department the distinguished gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
said to me in the debate that sprang up that
I might go and look through the books of the
Department for myself, and that I could there
ascertain the facts as well as anybody else. But
when we receive the answer of the Secretary
of War to a similar resolution, the Secretary
of the Navy not having deigned to notice us,
it appears that to furnish the information
would require, in the opinion of the Secretary,
an appropriation of $32,000, and such a force
of clerks as that amount would pay. Yet I
was told that by going and looking at the books
I could find out for myself. The sales mast
have been immense indeed if it takes that
much time and money to tell what has been
sold and what has been done with the money,
which is all either I or any member of this
House asks to know. The magnitude of the
transactions only makes it the more important
for us to be fully advised concerning them.
The Secretary of the Navy has had for more
than a month a similar resolution of the House
in his possession calling for a corresponding
statement offactsasto his Department, andhe
has not even condescended to tell us as much
as the Secretary of War. The Secretary of War
sent what I did not consider a respectful answer
to the House, but the Secretary of the Navy
has not even condescended to notice the reso-
lution sent to him by the House at all.
Gentlemen on the other side, who have spoken
for the last few years as to the amounts ex-
pended by the Department, all undertake to
claim—and I can turn to the speeches of the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
thegentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] and
others to prove what I state—that the expend-
itures in those Departments had been in strict
accordance with appropriations all the time,
and have always ignored all charges against
them on account of sales of property.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The gentleman
will allow me to say that I do not remember
to have made any general statement ot my
approval of the appropriations by these De-
partments.
Mr. BECK. I will read it to the gentleman
in the course of the five-minutes debate, when
we take up the bill. I have not his speech
before me at this moment. When I was charg-
ing that unexpended balances had been spent
in addition to the appropriations, and when
the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. 'Wash-
burn) was making objection to that statement,
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] came
to his aid in a speech, making a very plausible
statement, which, while it was wide of the
mark, was very well put.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am glad to
know it was.
Mr. BECK. Passing from that, Mr. Chair
man, the object I have in saying anything now is
to insist that this House shall require the inform-
ation it has called for ; that it shall demand it
both from the Navy and the War Department,
before we put any more money in their hands.
I read from the finance report of 1870, page
30, to show that Congress appropriated for the
War Department in the year 1865, $1,030,-
690,400 ; for the year 1866, $283,154,676 : for
the year 1867, $95,224,415; for the year 1868,
$123,246,640 ; for the year 1869, $78,501,990;
for the year 1870, $57,665,475 ; for the year
1871, $29,590,936 ; and from the book of esti-
mates furnished by the Secretary for 1S71,
$29,590,936; andfortheyearl872, $28,035,849.
The appropriations for the Navv Department
were, in 1865, $122,617,4S4; in 1866, $43,-
285,662; in 1867, $31,034,011 ; in 1868, S25,-
775,502; in 1S69, $20,000,757; in 1870, $21.-
780,229; and the appropriation, as shown i;i
the Secretary's book of estimates for 1871, i-
$19,351,846, and forj.872, $19,784,717.
In order to show that there is good reason
for demanding the information which it seems
we cannot get from the heads of the Depart-
ments, I propose to call attention to the re-
ports of two of tho heads of bureaus in the
War Department, showing that they have sold
property belonging to the United States to the
amount of oyer sixty million dollars; and as the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Dicket]
said to-day, until we passed the~law of July,
1870, not a dollar of all the money raised from
the proceeds of these sales was ever paid into
the Treasury of the United States, but was ail
spent, in addition to the appropriations—spent
in a way that Congress knew nothing of, and
never will know, unless we persist in demand-
ing full and and explicit answers to the ques-
tions propounded in the resolution which I
introduced. I have always doubted the au-
thority of Departments to use the proceeds of
sales_ of public property without a reappro-
priation of the money by Congress.
The Constitution provides in article one,
section nine, that—
"No money shall be drawn from the Treasurv
but m consequence of appropriations made by law,
and a regular statement and account of tho receipts
and expenditures of all public money shall be pub-
lished from time to time."
The money obtained from the sale of hor.se.,
mules, wagons, arms, clothing, and ships is
just as much the property of the United States
as the money in the pockets of the people,
and yet during all the years to which my reso-
j01tS-re^a^e' ^at Public property was sold,
and tae proceeds spent without any appropria-
tion by Congress and without the Represents
tives of the people knowing anything about
what was done with it.
If you will turn to the reports of the bureau
officers in 1866-67, you willfind that the Quar-
termaster General says in his report dated
