84
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
Mr. KERR obtained the floor.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman yield
for a motion that the committee now rise?
Mr. KERR. I will.
Mr. RANDALL, i move that the commit-
tee now rise.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Buf-
finton reported that, according to order, the
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union had had the Union generally under
consideration, and particularly the special
order, being House bill No. 243, for the ap-
portionment of Representatives to Congress
among the several States according to the
ninth census, and had come to no resolution
thereon.
leave of absence.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, asked and obtained
indefinite leave of absence for his colleague,
Mr. Foster, of Michigan.
Mr. SHBLLABARGER asked and obtained
leave of absence for ten days.
NEW YOKE CITY BAXIvS.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York, by unan-
imous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, andadopted:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to ascertain whether any of the banks in
the city of New York, organized under the banking
system of the United States, aie m any way con-
cerned or interested in promoting an artificial
scarcity of money, and to report the same to this
House.
envelope manufacture.
Mr. RANDALL, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the following petition; and the same
was ordered to be printed in the Daily Globe:
To the Senate and House of Representatives
in Congress assembled :
The petition of the undersigned, envelope manu-
facturers, printers, and stationers, respectlully rep-
resents that the United States Government, through
the Post Olfice Department, has been for some time
past manufacturing and selling envelopes at or below
their cost to the Government, in the city of Now
y ork, and delivering the same through the maiis to
all parts of the country free of charge, at a loss to
the PostOffiee Department of the cost of transpos-
ition, handling, Sea., estimated at$l Gil per thousand
envelopes, on the b as i - referred torn the Postmaster
General's report for 18o9. (page 34;J and, in addition,
are printing on the same gratuitously tor merchants
and others, requiring a large and expensive clerical
force to receive, copy, and transmit orders tor the
same, at a total estimated loss to the Department lor
the year 1869 ot ^134,4S9 70, while on the increased
business of 1370 and 1S71 ic cannot be far short of
$200,000. To this action of the Government we most
respectfully submit the following
Objections,
1. That the stamped envelopes so manufactured
by the Post Office Department are furnished exclu-
sively for sale, and not for Government use.
2. That the manufacture and sale ot stamped en-
velopes and piintuig on the same by the Go vex nm en t
gratuitously is an unjust and improper interference
with your petitioner' trade.
3. That the Government thereby becomes a pow-
erful competitor against all envelope manufactu-
rers, printers, lithographers, stationers, and dealers
throughout the country, for business which should
be conducted solely by piivate citizens and with
privatecapital.
4. That the Government, by soliciting orders for
envelopes by its thirty thousand postmasters, comes
upon the market as a retail dealer, offering to print
them withoutcharge, in direct competition with en-
velope manufacturers. printers, stationers, and other
dealers, none of whom can aft'ord to print envelopes
for their customers gratuitously.
5. That the Government delivers envelopes
through the mails to all of its thirty thousand post
offices without charge to the consumer, overburden-
ing the mails.adding tothefreomatterfnoweharge-
able to Congress under the flanking privilege) many
hundreds of tons annually, and increasing the rates
charged by transportation companies for the mail
service, and while your petitioners are compelled to
pay for such transportation they cannot compete
with the Government, which has its printing and
transportation done at the expense of the public.
6. That supplj ing stamped envelopes at less than
cost benents only large firms and corporations who
are abundantly able to pay a profit for making and
printing envelopes.
7. That by this interference of the Government
their business is largely diminished, their machinery
reduced in value, and it operates as aninvidious dis-
crimination against your petitioners, and one not
made against any other class ot manufacturers, and
constitutes a dangerous precedent, which, if fol-
lowed ill other departments of the Government, on
all articles requiring a stamp, would powerfully
tend to discourage private enterprise, and concen-
trate in the Government unwairantable powers.
Suggestions as to the Remedy.
Should Congress not deem it advisa.ble to abolish
the sale of stamped envelopes, then your petition-
ers respectfully suggest that it would be but an act
of justice to them to pass an amendment to the
present law authorizing the sale of stamped envel-
opes, and requiring:
1. That the Post Office Department furnish envel-
opes to the public at ten per cent, above actual cost
and not at cost, as at present. This would assist in
making the Department self-sustaining, as well as
in some degree helpthetrade.
2. The amendment to the Post Olneeapproprmtion
bill passed by Congress at its last session, providing
" that no envelope as furnished by the Government
shall contain any lithographing or engraving, and
no printing, except printed request to return the
letter to the writer," should be made into a perma-
nent law, a3 it expires July 1, 1872.
3. Should Congress not prohibit the printing of
business cards, then all stamped envelopes printed
to order, with the name, address, and business of
the party ordering them,should be charged one dol-
lar per thousand extra, which is less than ordinarily
charged by printers andstationers.
4. That all stamped envelopes with business cards
printed on them, and sent through the mails, should
be charged with postage, same as other printed
matter, which cost of transportation is estimated at
$1 44 per thousand, from data given in the Postmas-
ter General's report for 1869, page 34.
Tour petitioners therefore pray that such legisla-
tion may be adopted by your honorable bodies as
may relieve them from injurious competition.
frauds in the naval service.
Mr. L. MYERS, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill (H. R. No. 615) for the bet-
ter detection and prevention of frauds in the
naval service; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and to be
referred to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. SCOF1ELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. SNAPP. I move that the House now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. CHIPMAN: The memorial of Jane
Dulaney, for a pension.
By Mr. COBURN: The petition of Thomas
A. Dillon, in relation to his claim for bounty.
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of James S.
Wheat, Benjamin Stanton, and others, of West
Virginia, praying the passage of a law author-
izing an additional term of the circuit court
of the United States to be held in the city of
Wheeling in the district of West Virginia.
By Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia: A petition
of manufacturers of tobacco at Lynchburg.
Virginia, praying a uniform tax of sixteen
cents per pound on manufactured and smoking
tobacco.
By Mr. KELLOGG: The petition of Jere-
miah Peck, of Connecticut, for an amendment
of the tax laws.
By Mr. KETCHAM: The petition of L. H.
Bogardus, jr., late second lieutenant fourth
United States infantry, asking to be restored to
his former rank in the regular Army.
By Mr. LAMPORT: The petition of R. L.
Adams and others, relating to printed envel-
opes, Sc.
By Mr. MONROE: The petition of George
Olmstead and 12 others, citizens of Elyria.
Ohio, asking for legislation in regard to the man-
ufacture of envelopes by the Post Office Depart-
ment.
By Mr. L. MYERS : A resolution of the city
of Philadelphia, asking the repeal of the Uni-
ted States lax on gas consumed in the public
lamps of said city, and on all illuminating gas.
By Mr. PLATf: The petition of Edward
Cavendv, for compensation for the invention
of tripods for taking zenith observations at
sea, &c.
Also, the petition of Mrs. Mary A. DodJ, of
Portsmouth, Virginia, for a pension.
By Mr. PRICE: The memorial of Mrs,
Margaret S. Fain, widow of W. C. Fain,
praying for a pension.
By Mr. RANDALL: A petition of sundry
envelope manufacturers, printers, and station-
ers, remonstrating against the present system
of sale of stamped envelopes by the Post
Office Department.
By Mr. SHERWOOD: The petition of Har-
rison Gibson & Co. and others, of Wiliiarns-
port, Pennsylvania, protesting against the
manufacture and sale of envelopes by the Post
Office Department.
By Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York: The
petition of John J. Crittenden, Charles Van
Name, Cornelius C. Jones, Garrett P. Wright,
and Barnett Jones, to change the name of
the American coasting vessel known as tha
Andrew Stewart.
By Mr. TWiCHELL: The petition of Rand,
Avery & Co., and others, printers and station-
ers, to change the present mode of furnishing
the Post Office Department with envelopes, &c.
By Mr. VAUGHAN: The memorial of J.
L. Beasley and 45 others, citizens of the county
of Shelby, Tennessee, praying for the refund-
ing of the cotton tax heretofore collected.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, December 13, 1871.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
committee service.
The Vice President appointed Mr. Anthony
to fill the vacancy upon tlie Committee on
Privileges and Elections and Mr. Cragin to
fill the vacancy upon the Committee on Agri-
culture, under the order made yesterday.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNER, I present the petition of
the Twenty-first District Republican Club of
Washington, and also of the executive com-
mitiee of the Workingmen's Association of
Washington — a Republican club and the
workingmen uniting in the same petition.
They set forth that there exists "a wicked and
unjust discrimination against citizens of color
in the District of Columbia andm the States,"
and they ask Congress to adopt the supple-
mentary civil rights bill now pending. They
say, "By so doing you will perforin an act of
justice, and send to the hearts of thousands
who at present are denied the common rights
of men and women throughout the entire coun-
try a thrill of joy for snc'n a reasonable and
just consummation." Thisissigned "William
T. Davis, chairman of the Republican club,"
and "J. B. Mansfield, secretaryalso by
"James G. Marshall, president of the Work-
ingmen's Association," and "Aaron Brad-
shaw, secretary."
In presenting this petition I desire to express
my joy that the workingmen of the country
unite with the colored men in asking for equal
rights. I regard that as a good sign, and I
hope the Senate will take notice, and will make
haste to pass the bill which this petition prays
for. I move that the petition lie on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I present the memorial
of the Ohio yearly meeting of Friends, held at
Salem by adjournments from the 28th day of
the eighth month to the 31st day of the same
month, of this year, in which they wish to ex-
press their satisfaction with the settlement of
grave difficulties with Great, Britain by arbi-
tration, and pray that all the powers of the
Government may use their influence with the
Governments of the world for the settlement
of all national difficulties in some similar way,
that the disarmament of all nations may thereby
be brought about. I move the reference of
