980
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
the public servants of this country. If, there-
fore, we can remedy that by declaring that
when a man shall have served long and faith-
fully, say lor a period of ten years, as a judge
of one of the courts of the United States, he
shall be at liberty to retire and enjoy his pay,
we do what is just and honorable in all re-
spects both to the recipient an-d to the power
which enacts this' into a law.
But we are to have now, as X say, a list of
pensions upon the most royal scale. What is
there in this to prevent a man from being nom-
inated and confirmed to judicial office at a
time when he has not rendered one hour of
public service, when his whole life and alt his
powers have been expended in behalf of his
own private interests, and he is then put into
a public office, and thirty days thereafter, the
natural wear and tear, the decay which his
own exertions in his own behalf have brought
upon him, shall entitle him to say "I am,
from physical or other infirmity, permanently
disabled from performing efficiently the duties
of my office, and therefore, having rendered
to the people of this country no serviee except
for so short a time as scarcely to be worth the
name of service, I shaill retire, and take my
full pay for the rest of my life?" I see no
necessity in the present condition of things
that calls for a law of this kind;
We all know that public service honestly
conducted will impoverish the man who holds
high offiee; at least he will not have the oppor-
tunity to accumulate. By attention to his pri-
vate affairs he may gain; in public office he
cannot; and of that we have had many very
brilliant and I may say almost sad examples
in the results on public officials in this coun-
try ; but the idea always was that their devo-
tion to the public interests had prevented
their attention to their private interests; and
for that reason when they saw fit at the end of
a lengthy term to retire they should be pro-
vided for. But ia it meant that when a man
has devoted the prime and vigor of his life to
his own affairs, and then when, in a condition
of decay, he is transferred to the bench, he
may instantly or within an unreasonably short
period after that elect to declare himself per-
manently disabled, from physical or other in-
firmities, go that he cannot perform efficiently
his duties, and demand and receive a pension
equal to that which is judged proper and suffi-
cient to remunerate him in the full tide of his
vigor and capacity for public service? I am
unwilling to vote for this bill, for the grounds
which I have very imperfectly stated.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Will the .Sen-
ator from Delaware permit me to ask him a
question ?
Mr. BAYARD. Yes, sir.
Mr. MOlililLL. of Vermont. The Senator
seems to admit the general propriety of the
law now standing on the statute-book. I de-
sire to ask him what he would do in the case
of a man who has performed the duties of his
office efficiently for seven or eight years and
is suddenly stricken down with paralysis so
that he has to be brought here to the Capitol
and helped up the stairs every day, and per-
foims his duties with great labor and peril to
himself. What would he do in such a case as
that ? That is a case which exists.
Mr. BAYARD. If the Senate and a major-
ity of Congress shall choose to shorten the
term of judicial service which a man shall per-
form before he has the right to retire, that
would cure the Senator's objection, say by
reducing it from ten years to five years. But
all general laws must be open to special objec-
tions. General laws will bear hard upon indi-
vidual cases. They have done so ever since
general laws were made, and such will be the
history ol legislation until the end of time.
1 here never vVill be a case under a general law
that will not work individual hardships. But
the principle that I have stated, imperfectly as
I am conscious I have stated it, is nevertheless
a true one. These pensions are based on the
idea that public service has been rendered.
Now, how can public service be rendered
unless the individual has been in office for a
certain time? This bill provides for no length
of time ; but a man may be put. upon the bench
in the month of January, he may resign in the
month of March, and he will draw for the rest
of his life his full pay as if he had earned it, by
long and faithful service, which in point of fact
he never has rendered at all. I say that you
destroy the idea on which pensions are based
when you allow men to retire without prescrib-
ing a length of service. You do not do it in
any other branch of the Government.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to ask a ques-
tion. The Senator from Vermont has pre-
sented to the Senator from Delaware a case
of hardship, as I understand, the ease of a
public servant, in that instance a judge, who,
having served seven years, becomes disabled,
paralyzed; and the Senator from Vermont
asks the Senator from Delaware what he is
going to do with him. I wish to inquire of the
Senator from Delaware whether that case as
stated presents any hardship to his mind
greater than that of any other public servant—
some man who has grown gray in one of the
Departments or who has served elsewhere for
seven years or some other time, and who, also,
is stricken with paralysis? I want to know if
there is anything in the fact that the man who
is stricken is a judge that makes that case
harder than would be the case of some other
public servant stricken in the same way on the
same day.
Mr. BAYARD. In the first place, I do not
see the least relevancy, with all due respect,
in the suggestion of the honorable Senator
from New York to this case. There is none,
as I conceive. The case of a judge is different
from that of another official. Judges by their
duties are segregated from the employments of
the community; they are compelled to stand
off and not take part in human affairs as other
men do. They are cut off from all ordinary
methods of making money, which no other
class of your officials are.
Mr. CONKLING. No more than many
others.
Mr. BAYARD. I say that a man who
properly appreciates the duties of high judicial
station is more segregrated from his fellows
than any other class of officials we have, neces-
sarily so, and he cannot take the same personal
interest in the matters of business that sur-
round him which other officials can through-
out the country, without jeopardizingin a great
degree the respect in which his influence will
be held by the mass of mankind.
Mr. CONKLING. But after men are par-
alyzed they cannot take much interest in any
sort of business. I am talking of the hardship
of the two eases.
Mr. BAY'ARD. I say that the illustrations
here run remarkably toward individual cases.
One oi my friends tells me that he wishes cer-
tain judges to be got rid of. That is ungracious,
and I would not desire to apply to any member
of our judiciary.
Mr. THURMAN. I did not speak about
getting rid of certain judges. I have no judge
in my mind's eye at all. I do not care who it
is, if he is not able to discharge his duty, I want
to get rid of him and put in somebody who can
do the duty. I have nothing to do with the
merits or demerits of any judge.
Mr. BAYARD. That is precisely so, but
the suggestion was made, and I have repeated
it precisely as it was made. The suggestion
was that this was a bill to get rid of inefficient
judges ; and then again we have constant sug-
gestions made that there are instances to illus-
trate the bill. As I said before, you retireyour
judges upon a pension. You do that, upon the
basis that they bave rendered long public ser-
viee. If they bave. I say I am rejoiced to think
that after they have rendered public service in
so high a position as that, of the judiciary they
shall be prevented from want, and shall live in
comfort through the rest of their lives. That
our law already provides for; but here ia*a
proposition that ajudge who has rendered no
duty or service, who may have been but thirty
days in office, is to be treated precisely the
same as one who has given the best powers
of his life, the very maturity of his forces, to
the public benefit; and as I see in it the possi-
bility of creating a long roll of pensions on
a scale which I scarcely think this country is
prepared to approve, I cannot, vote for the bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. I submit to my friend
from Delaware that he has totally misappre-
hended the motive and object and purpose of
this bill. It is not a pension bill at all.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senator will under-
stand we were never to speak of motives of
members. I spoke of the motives of the bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. I speak not of the
motives of men, but of the motives of the bill.
It is not a pension bill at all ; it is not passed
as a favor to any judge ; and the Senator says
that we do no such thing for any other depart-
ment of the public service. We want to do
this because thejudges are the only officers of
the Government who hold by a life tenure, and
must be retained even after they have become
physically incompetent to perform the duties
of their place. Suppose a man goes on the
bench and is stricken with paralysis after two
years, does the Senator from Deleware wish to
compel him either to die in poverty or remain
holding his office for eight years absolutely
disqualified from performing iis duties? What
is the public to do in the mean time? This
bill is passed for the purpose of relieving the
public and having the duties of the court per-
formed by a competent judge, not as a matter
of favoritism to the judge himself, nor as a
matter of reward for his past services ; and in
that respect it is of no consequence whether he
has served one year or forty. If he becomes
physically incompetent to perform the duties
of the office, the public interests require that
he should step aside and another man take his
place; but as he cannot be compelled to step
aside, as he holds by a life tenure, you have to
compound with him and pay him his salary or
he will hold his office.
The Senator from Delaware also supposes
that men may be nominated judges for the
mere purpose of evading this law and next
day set up their permanent incapacity. There
never was a law passed that could not be
abused. To produce this abuse that, the Sen-
ator apprehends, three things must concur:
in the first place, the President of the Uni-
ted States must act corruptly; in the second
place, the Senate of the United States must
be in collusion with him; in the third place,
the judge must be an ineffable rascal himself.
Mr. BAYARD. Oh no.
Mr. CARPENTER. Take the lastcase, and
if he is so, if he is willing to set up a pretext
that he is physically incompetent to perform
the duties of his office when the fact does not
exist, if he is dishonest enough to do that, he
is dishonest enough to be off the bench, and
the sooner we get rid of him by paying his
salary the better for us.
Mr. BAYARD. The honorable Senator is
mistaken in supposing that it requires any
consent of the Senate to accept the resigna-
tion.
Mr. CARPESfTER. He must be appointed
by the consent of the Senate. The Senator
said men might be appointed who were per-
manently disqualified, and the next day de-
liver up the office and ask to be relieved under
this bill. I say to accomplish that abuse these
three things must concur: if the President is
corrupt, if Congress is corrupt, then it can be
done, and if the judge is corrupt enough to
take advantage of it, in that case, I repent, it
is far better for the public to get rid of him
even by paying him his salary than it is to
keep so dishonest a man on the bench. The
whole purpose of this bill is to secure the pub-
lic service that it need not be suspended and
