APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 9,
Ho. of Reps.
Arkansas Contested Election—Mr. Boles.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
was present; wlicn and where were said returns
Canvassed ?
"Anstoer. X was .present when they were can-
vassed, and they were canvassed ia the presence of
the Governor and Major Frank Strong, my. deputy.
Powell Clayton was then the GoveraoraftheState.
The returns were canvassed in the office of the sec-
retary of State, and within the time preserved by
law. I allude to any canvass with which I had
anything to do. I had nothing to do with any sub-
sequent canvass of said returns.
Question Do you mean to say that you partici-
pated in no canvass or count of the vote in satd
congressional contest alluded to by you at any time
after the day fixed by law to complete said canvass
and count.
*' Answer. I do.
" Question. Haveyou any knowledge that the equnt
or eaBvass of said vote for said 'district was ever
made or determined by the assistance of the secretary
of the State of Arkansas; and if so, when and where?
"Answer. I have no knowledge that it ever was.
The Governor issued the certificate upon his own
investigation; he satisfied himself, T sup pose. It
was not issued upon any determination or canvass
made by me.
" Question. Have yon any personal knowledge that
any other count or canvass of said vote for said dis-
trict was made by any person after the count or can-
vass in which you participated, within the time pre-
scribed by law t
"Answer. I have none.
_ "Question. Did or did not the returns of the elec-
tion, referred to by you as made and filed in your
office, show a majority for contestant, Thomas-Boles;
and if so, what majority, is canvassed by you, the
Govern or of Arkansas, and Frank Strong, within the
time prescribed by law 1
"Answer. Upon the face of said returns, as they
were received and canvassed, as stated, theyshowed
a majority for Thomas Boies, the contestant. I
don't recollect the majority shown exactly by said
returns. The papcrs'orabstfactshowforthemselves;
those already here, referred to in this deposition."
In addition to the above evidence, I desire
to call especial attention to the duly authen-
ticated transcripts of the returns of all the
counties of the district, which are to be found
in the printed papers iu this case on pages 157
to 168, inclusive. These transcripts show con-
clusively that the canvass made by the secre-
tary of State as shown by exhibits B and C
was faithfully made and correct.
The evidence which I have now presented
abundantly and conclusively shows that, ac-
cording to the returns made from all the coun-
ties and by the secretary of State lawfully can-
vassed, I received a majority of 2,133 votes'in
the district, and was enlitled to the seat; that
the proclamation of the Governor should have
been in my favor, and that the Governor should
immediately after said canvass hav« issued to
me a certificate of election as Representative
of the district in the Forty-Second Congress
of the United States.
My right to the seat is, by this evidence, as
completely and sttongly made as it is possible
for evidence to make it; and I might in per
feet security rest my case here, especially since
the silting member has been unable to bring
any evidence whatever in rebuttal of the above
proof. But to leave the case here would be to
leave it with the inquiry being made on every
hand as to why the Governor did not give me
the certificate, and why was it he did not make
proclamation of the result of the election as
shown by the canvass made by the secretary
of State, as he was required by law; and what
reason was there foi; this great delay and most
extraordinary conduct of the Governor? Why
did he so flagrantly violate the law and his
sworn duty; and why did he commit so gross
an outrage upon the rights of the people of that
district? An explanation is certainly due;
and I have not omitted to produce evidence
on this jjoint which I believe will satisfy the
minds of every member of this House.
For that purpose, I now call attention to
the testimony of Hon. E. S. Gantt in this
case, found on Dages 12 and 13 of the printed
papers, who testifies as follows:
Question. Please state whether you were a can-
dwate for any office at said election; if so, what
ofiicc; whether you ran as a Republican or Demo-
cratic candidate; and whether the ticket upon which
your name appeared as candidate' had the name of
Congress 01 1 Edwards as candidate for
" Amteer. I was the nominee of the Conservative
party as a representative in the General Assemblyj
ia the district composed of the counties of Pulaski
•ami White, at said election, Pulaski eounty being
included in the third congressional district of the
State. The ticket upon which Iran had generally
the name of John Edwards upon it.
44 Question. Were you elected to the General
Assembly of the State of Arkansas* and did you
take your seat in said General Assembly ?
"Answer. X think I was elected; I did nottakemy
seat. „ - ;
" Question. Please state who received the certificate
of election, and took and occupied the seat to which
you think y.ou were elected, and state whether you
contested said election.
"Answer. A person by the name of GoadorPilk-
ington, ono or the other: myself and the other Con-
servative members 'on the ticket, Robert A. How-
ard, C. W. Whittemore, E, H. Chamberlain, L. B.
Mitchell, J-. W. House, gave notice of contest; four
pf this'number, Howard, Wbitteruore, Chamberlain,
and' House, were admitted to seats.
" Question. Please state whether the six contest-
ants just named by you were all voted for on the
same ticket, and state,so far as you know, the grounds
upon which Howard, Whittemore, Chamberlain,
andHouse were admitted, and you and L. B. Mitchell
were excluded or denied admission.
"Anbioer. They were all generally voted for on
the same ticket with myself. I am not able to give
the reason why Howard, Whittemore, Chamberlain,
and House were admitted to seats and X was ex-
cluded, except that the secretary of State failed to
send our names into the house.
"Question. Bid you continue to prosecute the
contest tor the seat, or did you withdraw from the
contest?
"Amioer. I did not continne to contest the seat.
I prepared a written withdrawal of the contest,
which was signed by Mitchell and myself. X am
not able to state whether it was presented to the
house of representatives. Allusion to this fact was
made in the house by the chairman of the commit-
tee on elections, but my recollection is that it was
not presented.
"Question. Please state if the presentation of your
letter of withdrawal, just mentioned, to the house
of representatives was to depend upon any contin-
gency; and if so, state what, and whether it was
placed in any one's hands with that understanding.
Answer. It was placed in the hands of Hon.
George C. Watkins, to be used only after a certifi-
cate of election had been, issued to John Edwards,
the contestee here.
" Question. Please state what reason you had for
believing that your withdrawal from the contest for
a seat or seats in the General Assembly would
contribute to secure the issuance of a certificate
ot election to John Edwards as Representative in
Congress.
" Answer. Colonel A. H. Garland, of this city, in-
formed me that he had been told that if Dr. Mitchell
and myself would withdraw our contest. General
John Edwards could get his certificate. I first
declined to withdraw the contest, but subsequently
informed Mr. Garland that I would do so. On the
same day Hon. George C. Watkins made, in sub-
Stance, the same statement to me. I informed Mr.
Watkins that I consented to withdraw from the
contest upon the condition mentioned above. He
requested me to prepare the withdrawal and hand it
to him the next morning, which I did; and at same
time delivered him a memorandum in writing of the
condition alone upon which it was to be used. Both
of these gentlemen submitted this matter to me to
act m my discretion. I voted for Edwards, the con-
testee, and desired that ho should have his seat.
And not desiring the seat to which I thought I was
entitled m the house of representatives of the State,
I consented to withdraw irom the contest.
-Question. Please state if the memorandum above
referred to by you contained anything else than the
mere condition that the letter of withdrawal should
not be used unless the certificate of election was
issued to John Edwards.
Answer. It contained nothing else.
Question. Please state about what time, as nearly
as youcan recollect, the proposition was made to you
to withdraw from the contest in consideration that
a certificate should be issued to John Edwards; and
state how long a time elapsed from the time when the
proposition was made to you until you did actually
consent and place your letter of withdrawal in the
hands of Mr. Watkins. Please state, also, whether
from the time the proposition was first made to you
there were any other facts or considerations which
made you think your withdrawal would secure John
Edwards his certificate, other than the information
given you by Mr. Watkin* and Colonel Garland, that
they were told so.
" Answer. I don't remember the exact time. It was
soon after the 2d day of January, 1871. It was be-
tween the assembling of the Legislature and the
time for electing United States Senator. The Legi«-
lature assembled on the 2d day of January, 1871.
3?e-Er .? was placed in the hands of
Mr. Watkins as mentioned, the morning after the
day the proposition was made to me. I don't re-
member of any other facts or considerations than
those mentioned.
" Question. Did Colonel Garland or Mr. Watkins
state to you or give you to understand directly or
indirectly whether the proposition for your with-
drawal in consideration for the issuance of the cer-
tificate to the contestee Edwards came from any one
having authority or power to issue it; and if so
from whom and through whom did the proposition
come to them?
" Amider, They did not name any one. Mr. Gar-
land said that had beon informed by one whom
he thought knew, that the certificate would be
issued upon our withdrawal. Hft did not give the
name of his informant, nor did I ask it. I visited
Mr. Garland's office on the day mentioned, in com-
pliance with a note from him requesting me to call
if convenient, which note was delivered to me by E.
H. Chamberlain.
" Qurstwh. Please state at what time and with
what understanding and on what consideration Dr.
Mitchell empowered you to withdraw him from the
contest. *
"Answer. Ican'fc statethe exact time; itwasafter
notice and after the Legislature convened. Thefirst
authority was given verbally and the second by let-
ter. Dr. Mitchell authorized me, as mentioned, to
act for him as I would for myself in the matter.
After the allusion to our withdrawal made in the
house by the chairman as before referred to^ think-
ing it was a violation of the c6ndition on which our
withdrawal had been made, I addressed a commun-
ication to the h'ouse of -representatives, soon after
which Dr. Mitchell wrote me that he was sorry X had
renewed the contest, giving as a reason that be did
not want a seat in the body if he could secure it.
" Question. Did E, H. Chamberlain, at the time he
delivered to you the note of Colonel Garland, re-
ferred to by you, or at any other time, give you to
understand that your withdrawal, or anything else
that you could do, would secure to the contestee
EdwaTds the issuance of his certificate of election;
and if so, state when and what it was.
i%Answer, He did not.
" Question. Please state whether your withdrawal
and the issuance of the certificate to Edwards bore
any relation to the election of Governor Clayton to
the United States Senate, and if Chamberlain was
or was not an activesupporterof GovemerCLAYTON
in his aspirations to the United States Senate?
•' Answer. It bore no relation that I know of.
Chamberlain was asupporter of ex-Governor Clay-
ton for the United States Senate.
*•Question. Did not Pilkingt-on and Goad, who
occupied the seats in the Legislature to which you
think you and Dr. Mitchell were duly elected, sup-
port and votefor Governor Clayton for United States
Senator, and was it not known at the time that you
and Dr. Mitchell would not vote for him; and did
not the four others elected upon your ticket, and
admitted when you and Dr. Mitchell were excluded,
also vote for Governor Clayton for United States
Senator?
"'Answer. My recollection is, that Pilkington and
Goad voted for Governor Clayton; I should have
voted for, if I had been admitted to a seat, and it was
so known, for I had publicly announced it from the
stump. As to who Dr. Mitchell preferred for United
States Senator, I am unable to say. My recollection
is that Chamberlain, Whittemore, and House voted
for Clayton. Howard voted for J. S. Dunham.
' Question. Was contestee, Edwards, in the city
of Little Rock at the time the proposition was
made to you to withdraw, in consideration of the
issue of his certificate, and during the contest for
United States Senatorship; and if not, was he not in
the city about that time, and for several days before ?
§ Answer. He was in the city of Little Rock at the
time the proposition to withdraw was made to me,
and at the time the written withdrawal was made.
I thmkhe remained in the city during the senatorial
contest. Edward? was in the city also some day3
before the proposition was made to me.
"Question. Was it not a notorious fact, atthetime
the proposition for your withdrawal was made, that
Governor Clayton was a candidate for the United
States Senate?
"Answer. It was.
"Question. Is it not a fact that Governor Clayton
was afterward elected to the United States Senate?
4 Answer. Yes, sir,
44 Question. Will you please examine and refer to
paper marked Exhibit D, and state whether it is a
true copy of your letter to the house of represent-
atives of the State of Arkansas, written when allu-
sion was made to your withdrawal by said chairman,
asjeferred to by you above ?
" Answer. The paper marked Exhibit D is in my
handwriting, and a copy of the communination I
sent to the house of representatives, to which I
refer, and make the papers so marked a part of my
deposition here."
I will next call attention to the testimony of
General A. H. Garland, found on pages H and
15 of the printed papers, which corroborates
all the material statements made by Mr. Gantt
on this point; and he says that his u under-
standing was that Chamberlain was what was
called a Ciaytox man and that he 41 knew,
of course, as a lawyer, that Governor Clayton
was the only one who could issue the certifi-
cate."
I will next ask attention to the testimony
of J"udge George C. "Watkins,who was for many
years prior to the rebellion attorney general
of the State, and chief justice of the supreme
