1872.
tHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3669
of our existence minister to onr souls and re-
veal sources of knowledge hidden from our
mortal vision.
'* When in grief the soul is sinking,
And the hopes of life are fled.
Till the bitterness of living
Turns to envy of the dead;
Even in the depths of sorrow,
In the agony ot woe.
We may hear the angels tell us
In their whispers soft and low
" There's a realm awaits our vision
Fur beyond earth's lights and shades,
Where the sun will shine forever.
Where the rainbow never fades;
And the stars spread out like islands
On the bosom ot the deep,
Radiant sentinels of heaven,
Their eternal vigils keep.
"In that glowing world of splendor,
Spirit-realm of calm delight.
There still linger for our coming
Beings beautiful and bright;
Forms that flitted here like shadows,
Loved ones passed from earth before,
Who will welcome us with rapture
To their presence evermore."
But, Mr. Speaker, I will no longer detain
the House, by allusions to fanciful theories,
from providing by the .passage of this bill for
a practical solution of these alleged discoveries.
Be it our privilege to grant the preliminary
conditions of success, and leave the final re-
sulttothe faith and energy of our memorialists.
Let us, then, send forih these disciples of
science to explore the unknown regions of
creation under the broad seal of American
nationality. Let the corporate powers of a
national organization sustain them in the
untried conflict with tbe forces of nature !
Whetheronthe summit of snow cladmount-
ains, or in the midnight darkness of the polar
regions, let the glimmering starlight or the
aurora al times reveal to their delighted roseate
vision this American charter of vested rights,
this parchment scroll emblazoned with a guar-
antee coextensive with American power, of
their right to explore the untrodden realms of
scientific discovery, and perchance reveal m
answer to our longing aspiiai.ions the mysteries
of unknown forces, and unfold to our aston-
ished gaze the marvelous secrets of creation.
The SPEAKER, pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, will the House now consider this bill?
Mr. RANDALL. I will waive any objec-
tion until the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Bingham] and the gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Holman] can be heard.
Mr. BINGHAM. I will not detain the
House more than five minutes upon it.
Mr. WJLLARD. I must object, and for
this reason, if for no other: it involves the
very question the House passed upon a few
nights ago, the power of Congress to incor-
porate a private company.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Holman] will be
heard, after which the Chair will ask for
objection to the present consideration of the
bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. The elevated idealism of
my friend from Michigan [Mr. Conger] seems
to be4 appropriate to this occasion and to this
subject. I shall not attempt to ascend with
him into the empyrean, from which he was
enabled to look down from an elevation which
almost makes the mind stagger.
But there are more things in heaven and
earth than our philosophy has dreamed of.
We do not know over what grand truths we
are stumbling every day of our lives. We do
not know how near we are to the solution of
that mystery which leads into the portals of
eternal wisdom, which now we see only dimly
and shadowy, as a dream, an intellectual
vision.
My friend from Michigan, one half in
earnest, one half poetically" and ideally, has
attempted to rise to the elevation of this
thought. He has presented to us a beautiful
picture. I will not mar its excellence by a
single additional word, except to say that it
may be that this marvelous theory, this won-
derful suggestion is true by which we may
converse in the material world, is in the ideal
world we can go back and talk with Plato,
and realize our immortality. In a word, I
could add nothing to the eloquence of my
friend or his beautiful expressions, more
serious than appears on the surface.
Mr. RANDALL. Believing that this is an
appropriate finale to the telegraphic legislation
of the day, and believing also that this may be
important in the science of the future, I will
withdraw my objection to the present consid-
eration of this bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill will
be considered before the House if there be no
objection.
Mr. WILLARD. I must object to the con-
sideration of this bill at this time, although I
do not object to any mere discussion upon it.
The SPEAKERprotempore. This bill can
be brought before the House on the motion to
reconsider at any time during a day session ;
but during this evening session it cannot be
brought up except by unanimous consent.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am not going to delay
the House ; I only want a vote on this bill.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair
will again ask whether there is objection to
the consideration of this bill.
Mr. WILLvRD. 1 object.
Mr. CONGER. I move to suspend the
rules and put the bill upon its passage.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. That motion
cannot be entertained during an evening ses-
sion which was set apart for special business.
Mr. BINGHAM. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Willard] to con-
sider  
Mr. WILLARD. 1 have no objection to
the gentleman making his remarks.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have no desire to oc-
cupy the floor for the mere purpose of making
remarks.
Mr. WILLARD. If the bill is put to avote,
I shall have to ask for a division.
Several Members. Very well.
Mr. WILLARD. With the understanding
that we are to have a vote upon the question,
I withdraw my objection.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill will
be read.
The Clerk read tbe bill as follows :
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tivesof the United States of America va Congress assem-
bled, That Mahlon Loornis, Alexander Elliott, and
William N. Chamberlain, of Washington city, Dis-
trict ot Columbia; P. R. Amidon, of Boston, Massa-
chusetts ; and Isaiah Lukens, of Delaware, and their
associates, heirs, and assigns, are hereby incorpo-
rated and made a body politic and corporate by the
name of the Loom is Aerial Telegraph Company, and
by that name may sue and be sued, plead and be
impleaded, in any court of law or equity of compe-
tent jurisdiction, and may have and use a common
seal, and be entitled to use and exercise all the
powers, rights, and privileges incident to such cor-
poration.
Skc. 2. That said company'may have a capital
stock ol $200,000, with the privilege of increasing the
same to $2,000,QUO, it the interest ot the said company
shall require it.
Sec. 3. That the business and objects of said cor-
poration shall be to develop and utilize the princi-
ples and powers of natural electricity, to be used in
telegraphing, generating light, heat, and inotive-
power,and otherwise make and operate any machin-
ery run by electricity for any purpose; and to use
any appliances necessary to conduct electricity, in
any lorm, in or through any portion of the United
States and Territories of the same, subject to the
laws of the various States and United States, through
and in which said conductors or appliances may run
or be stationed, and said telegraph or machinery be
operated.
Sec. 4. That there shall be five directors who shall
be elected annually by the stockholders of said
company at the annual meeting, to be designated
by the stockholders at their first meeting to organize
and elect directors of the company. The officers of
the company shall be elected Irom and by the direct-
ors of the said company, and they shall serve one
year and until their successors are elected and qual-
ified. There shall be a president vice president,
secretary, and treasurer; the treasurer shall give
such bonds as the board may determine; a majority
of tbe board shall constitute a quorum for the trans-
action of business.
Sec. 5. That the beard of directors shall have
power to make and prescribe fcuch by-laws, rules,
and regulations as they shall deem needful and
proper for the disposition and management of the
affairs, funds, property, and effects of the corpora-
tion not contrary to the laws ot the United States or
any State in or through which said company may
operate any of its interests, and they shall have
power to ameud or alter the same as the interests
of the corporation may require.
Sec.6. That this act may at any time be altered,
amended, or repealed by the Congress of the United
States.
Skc. 7. That the capital stock of said company
shall be divided into shares of $100 each, and shall
be deemed personal property, translerable in such
manner as the by-laws of said company may direct.
Sec. 8. That each stockholder of said company
shall be individually liable for all debts and liabil-
ities of said company to an amount equal to the
amount of stock held by said stockholder, and no
further.
Sec. 9. That there shall be an annual meeting of
the stockholders for choice of directors, to be holden
at such time and place, and under such conditions
and upon such notice as the said company in their
by-laWs may picscribe; and said directors shall
annually make a report in writing of their doings to
the stockholders.
Sec. 10. Thatwithin thirty days after the approval
of this act the corporators named in the first section
of thife act, or a majority of them, or it any refuse or
neglect to act, then a majority of the remainder, shall
cause books of subsciiption to the capital stock of
said company to be opened and kept open m i-omo
convenient place in the city of Washington, fioui
nine o'clock in the forenoon until three o'clock in
the afternoon, for a period to be fixed by said cor-
porators, not less than three days, unless the whole
stock shall sooner be subscribed; and subscribers
upon said books to the capital stock of said com-
pany shall be held to be stockholders: Provided 
That every subscriber shall pay at the time of sub-
scribing ten per cent, of the amount, by him sub-
scribed to the treasurer appointed by the corpora-
tors. And when the books ot subscription to the
capital stock ot the said company shall be closed,
the corporators named in the first section, or a ma-
jority of them, or in case any of them refuse or neg-
lect, then a majority ot the remainder, hha 11, within
thirty days thereafter, call a first meeting of the
stockholders of said company, to meet within twenty
days thereafter for tbe choice ot directors, and in
all meetings of the stockholders each share shall
entitle the holder to one vote, to be given in person,
or by proxy.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand that there i°
a verbal error in the first section of the bill.
The words " heirs and assigns" should be
struck out. I move to amend by striking out
those words and inserting in lieu thereof the
words "and successors.'7
The SPEAKER pro tempore. If there he
no objection that amendment will be made.
There was no objection; and the bill was
amended accordingly.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say that for
three successive years I have introduced this
bill and had it referred to the committee that-
now reports it, believing that to be the appro-
priate committee under the rules of the House.
It seemed to me that the Com mil tee on Com-
merce was the appropriate committee, because
if the project proposed shall be successful, it
connects itself directly with the power to reg-
ulate commerce not only among the seveial
States of this Union, but with all nations, f
have introduced the bill at the instance of the
gentleman (Mr. Loomis) whose name it bears.
My acquaintance with this gentleman is very
limited. He is an American citizen, and as
such is entitled to a respectful hearing, espe-
cially when he asks consideration not merely
in his own interests, but in the interests of all.
The practicability of this project proposed
for an aerial telegraph is a question which I
am informed has puzzled some of the most
experienced electricians ol this count'y. I do
not profess to know anything more of this sub-
ject than a child ; but I understand that the
highest authorities on electricity both in Amer-
ica and Europe sustain the theory upon which
this project is based, to wit, that the earth is
negatively electric, and that, the atmosphere
above the earth is positively electric, increasing
in proportion as you ascend above the level of
tide-water. The project here proposed is sim-
ply to connect the air at a certain altitude (ilnee
or four miles if you please, above the level
of the sea) with the tide water level .of the
earth by means of wires, thereby completing
the electrical circuit. The petitioner claims
that in the beginning of the operations of the
electric telegraph it was supposed that the
electrical circuit was impossible withouttwo
wires, but it was after a while ascertained that
