3670
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
one of the wires could be dispensed with, be-
cause the earth with a single wire completed
the circuit. As I have suggested, the theory
of this petitioner is that by connecting the
upper air at an elevation of three or four miles
above tide-water with the tide-level of the
earth by means of continuous wires you will
have a complete circuit by reason of the posi-
tive electrical condition of the upper air and
the negative condition of the earth's surface.
Gentlemen about me inquire how the neces-
sary altitude is to be reached. The applicant
at the bar of the House for this privilege of
incorporation to try his experiment, tells us
that the altitude is to be reached by means of
the mountains, whose summits are to be con-
nected with the sea-level by wires. This is
all I need to say on that subject.
But the bill contemplates more than this,
sir. It proposes through this company to
utilize electricity wherever diffused through
the earth and in the atmosphere of the earth
for the purposes of light and heat and motion.
He entertains the dream, and it may be only
a dream, a wild dream, that when his propo-
sition comes to be fully applied, it may light
and warm your houses, that it may furnish all
the heat needful for all the uses of human life,
and to propel your machinery upon the land
and upon the sea.
He aaks no appropriation of this House. He
asks for an act of incorporation, so whatever
capital may be invested in this enterprise may
not be liable to be dissolved and scattered out
of it by the death of one of the copartners
of a mere partnership or by voluntary with-
drawal from the association. He has con-
tinued patiently to wait, at your door for this
act of incorporation for three years. I have
understood that heretofore the committee felt
well inclined to the project and disposed to
recommend it to the consideration of the
House; but for reasons which will readily
recur to you, Mr. Speaker, it was not reached
in the ordinary course of business ; and this
year the same fate would have befallen it as
in other years, but for the special favor and
consideration which the House has showu it
this evening.
Gentlemen may pay, demonstrate its prac
ticstbiliiy. I answer, no project of this sort
was ever demonstrated without experiment
and trial and expenditure. It was what was
Raid before when the first, application was made
to Congress lor some sort of appropriation to
demonstrate by trial and experiment the practi-
cability of the magnetic telegraph. We heard
in this Chamber the other night, when that
great event of human history was being cele-
bi at ed, I hat the fii st endeavors of d emonstration
were absolute failures. The only way to know
whether what is here proposed is practicable,
eiiher for the purpose ol telegraphy or lor the
purpose of utilizing electricity, light, or heat,
or motion, is to try it ; and there is no way to
try it, 1 apprehend, without some considerable
use of capital.
This man is an applicant for a potent also.
It. has received favorable consideration. He
made that, application on my own suggestion.
1 considered if there was any thing of value in
his proposition he had better secure to himself
some shaie of the results. I have no interest
whatever, direct or indirect, in this matter,
beyond that of any other citizen.
Now, sir, inasmuch as this bill involves no
appropiiation, and inasmuch as it involves no
question ol power under the grants of power
to Congress. I pi ay ihe House to consider it
favorably and allow if to pass. If no good
comes of it, there can be no h.irm, and favor-
able action by the House of Representatives
on the bill will signify to the world that the
House is disposed to consider and not treat
with derision and scorn eveiy endeavor to
better in some sort the condition of individual
and collective man. I hope there will be no
objection to the passage of the bill.
Mr, WILLARD. Mr. Speaker, there is
nothing in this bill to distinguish it in any
respect from any other act of incorporation.
If Congress has the right to pass such a bill as
this, it has the right to pass any act of incor-
poration whatever. The persons named as
incorporators in this bill, a portion of them,
are from the District of Columbia, and one
from Massachusetts, and one from Delaware.
I do not object at all to anybody trying this
experiment. I am not out of sympathy with
the brilliant exposition made here this even-
ing in respect to this aerial telegraph; but I do
not think, because we are in sympathy with
science and progress of this sort, therefore we
should lose sight of some of the fundamental
principles of our Government. I know Con-
gress has in former times passed acts of incor-
poration without much consideration. We
incorporated a national life insurance com-
pany nominally located here. Every one
knows that gave a privilege worth $1,000,000.
It was an act of incorporation of the national
Legislature. It gave the company superior
attraction all over the United States. Con-
gress was not created for the purpose of giv-
ing auy body of men superior privileges over
other corporations created by the legislation
of the States.
This cannot be distinguished from any act of
incorporation anywhere in the United States.
The bill enacts that they may prescribe such
rules and regulations not contrary to the laws
of tho United States or any State where it
may operate. So it is contemplated by the
bill itself, that it shall operate in the various
States and Territories of the United States.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg leave to call the
attention of the gentleman to the fact that the
committee have agreed to strike out all that
part of the third section.
Mr. WILLARD. I noticed that; but, at
the same time, if the act of incorporation
gives them any power it. gives them power to
do this. It is not limited to the District of
Columbia in any respect. Therefore the
same objection exists to this bill which ex-
isted to ttie bill organizing the Southern Ex-
press Company, and to the bill organizing the
Asiatic Commercial Company, and that would
exist to a bill organizing any company for any
purpose whatever. In my judgment, as 1 have
said two or three times to the House, it is
lorcign to the entire scope and spirit of the
power given by the Constitution to Congress;
and I feel this so strongly that lam obliged
to ask a division on the bill.
Mr. BINGHAM. In reply to the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Willari)] I will say
that I consider the whole question to which
he has referred has been settled judicially and
constitutionally in this country. You have
incorporated a telegraph company even from
the Mississippi to the Pacific ocean, and that
Company is operating us wires to day.
Mr. WILLAHD. But I do not admit that
because a thing has been done before it is
right.
llr. BINGHAM. I want to say further that
the whole principle involved in this question
has been settled over and over again in the
decisions of your Supreme Court; and what-
ever may facilitate the regulation of commerce
among the several States is, by a solemn
decision of your court, within the scope of
the powers of Congress, unless it is expressly
prohibited.
1 do not consider that there is any room to
doubt or to question of to limit the power
of the House to incorporate this company.
And, as I suggested before, as the bill stands
amended, its effect is nothing more nor less
than to give perpetuity to this incoiporation
for the purposes of thisexpei imeiit, subjecting
all the while the exeicise of their corporate
powers, and the use of the money which they
may invest for that purpose, by the expre:-s
terms of the bill, both to t e laws of the Uni-
ted States and to the laws of the several
States in which they may operate. If the Con-
gress of the United States cannot go thus far
with the aid and consent of the laws of the
United States and of the several States, then
indeed it is a most helpless body. I call the
previous question.
Mr. WILLARD. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be seconded.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 48, noes 32; no
quorum voting.
Mr. WILLARD. I understand that if the
bill is left in its present position it goes over
until to-morrow. I have no objection to that.
Mr. YOUNG. I move that the House
adjourn.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Willard] to withdraw his de-
mand for a division, in order that the pre-
vious question may be considered as seconded
and that the bill may go over till to-morrow
as unfinished business.
Mr. YOUNG. I insist on my motion that
the House adjourn.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to ; and
accordingly (at ten o'clock and ten minutes
p. m.) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions "were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. GARRETT: The petition of Laura
Vantsary, for an appropriation to compensate
her for property taken and used by the armies
of the United States during the war of the
rebellion.
By Mr. HALSEY: The petition of Catha-
rine Seeberger, widow of John Seeberger, late
private of company K, sixty-eighth New York
volunteers, for arrears of pension.
By Mr. SEELEY: A petition of soldiers of
Cayuga county, New York, for authority to
transfer warrants for bounty land.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 21, 1872.
The House met at eleveu o'clock a. m.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler,
D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. PALMER. I desireto report backfrom
the Committee on Appropriations the Post
Office appropriation bill with Senate amend-
ments.
Mr. RUSK. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on Public
Lands the bill (S. No. 017) in relation to the
Dakota Southern railroad.
The SPEAKER. The floor properly be-
longs to the Committee ou Appropriations,
and the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Palmer]
has been recognized by the Chair.
Air. DAWES. I hope that, by unanimous
consent, we will go to the Speaker's table and
make disposition of a good deal of matter
tha't will not cause debate.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Let the Post
Office appropriation bill be acted on first.
Mr. COBURN. I beg to inquire of th©
Chair whether a morning hour would not be in
order now ?
The SPEAKER, It would not, as against
the privilege of the Committee on Appropria-
tions; and it is very difficult to maintain a
morning hour during the last ten days of the
session, because the rules can be suspended
at any time.
Mr. CO BURN. Unless the Committee on
Appropriations go on with their business, I
will insist on a morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin [Mr. Rusk] asks unanimous consent
to report back a Senate bill from the Commit-
tee on the Public Lands. Is there objection?
Mr. COBURN. I object.
