2774
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
language of the Senator from New York, their
power, to relegislate in such a way as to neu-
tralize or nullify the finality which it waa
hoped those decisions would contain.
The Senator from New York still insists
that the establishment of a tribunal for the
entertainment and adjudication of claims by
citizens against their Government is in dero-
gation of common right. I listened very
patiently for the reason to come or for the
authority to come, but I failed to hear any-
thing else than the personal assertion of
the Senator made very positively. So far
from being in derogation of common right, 1
read yesterday the authority of the Court of
Claims, as the result of judicial ascertainment
in this country, that in most civilized nations
such claims were treated as of absolute right,
and that in making these concessions to abso-
lute right the Government of our country is
behind almost every other civilized nation in
the machinery it has provided for the ascer-
tainment of those rights.
But in the remaiks of the Senator from
Vermont [Mr. Edmunds] I thought I discov-
ered the ground-work of the reason of the
opposition by so many eminent Senators of the
dominant party in this Chamber to the decis-
ion of the Supreme Court in the totally dif-
.ferentviews between them as to the objects of
tins war and the theory of the Supreme Court
of the United States on the same subject. If
1 understood the Senator from Vermoiitaright,
lie stated that this fund of ten or twenty mil-
lion dollars derived from the sale of captured
and abandoned property of private individ-
uals in the southern country was the sole
solace lett to him as the result of this war,
the gain which was left, or, I think, to use
his own language, the sole indemnity left in
the hands of the people of the United States
for all the sorrow and all the loss which the
war had caused to them. If his view be cor-
rect, this war was not for the high and great
and justifiable object of reestablishing the
authority of our Government over the entire
national territory, but it was a mere war of
rapine and spoliation.
In regard to that the Supreme Court have
spoken in words of dignity, in words of wis-
dom, in words of great credit to themselves.
Ihey have declared that in regard to this
property, the proceeds of which are now
under consideration, in regard to which claims
are now sought to be established, it was not
prize of war ; it was not taken possession of
by the United States Government for the sake
of profit to pay the expenses of the war, but,
on the contrary, the Supreme Court of the
United States not in one case only, but in
many cases in which they wero passing upon
the question of title to this property, have de-
clared that the United States Government
held it as a trustee for the true owners. This
was the language of the Supreme Court in
Padelford'a case in 9 Wallace's Reports:
"jThe<®?lvernm.ei?t is a trustee, holding the pro-
oecds of. the petitioner's property for his benefit;
and having been fully reimbursed for all expenses
incurred in that character, loses nothing by the
irhfflUi?' SimPly aWard9 t0 th° petUion<*
That ia the true view to tt,ke of these cases,
xou are not paying men gratuities; you are
not paying men damages for their property;
you are simply executing a trust, and you are
paying to the petitioner, less the necessary
expenses of executing the trust, the money
that was his and is his, which never has been
divested from him by any process of law. To
say anything else would be to make the Gov-
ernment of the United States little less than the
despoiler of its citizens, instead of being the
guardian of their property and of their inter-
ests. It is a fundamental difference indeed to
treat this fund, the proceeds of the property
of individuals, as prize of war, or to treat it
as if it was the result of forfeiture, or as if it
was a necessary result of war, and not treat
it as what it is, the mere execution of a trust
by the Government as to the property of its
citizens which was rescued, for abandoned
property is no property known to the laws of
war.
Mr. MORTON. I submit that the author-
ity referred to by the Senator does not bear
out his idea, but conflicts with it directly.
Wherever A takes the property of B wrong-
fully and converts it to his own use, while he
is liable for a tort, yet in another sense he
may be said to be the trustee of B for his prop-
erty. As the Senator from Mississippi argued
yesterday, in that case an assumpsit might be
raised by implication, because the property
was wrongfully taken. But where, under the
act of 1863, property was taken by the Gov-
ernment from a man who was loyal, it was
wrongfully taken and the Government gives
him a remedy, to come in and prove his loy-
alty and recover it back. If it turns out that
he was loyal, then it turns out that the prop-
erty was wrongfully taken, and the Govern-
ment stands in the character of a trustee to
the man whose property has been improperly
taken. That is the extent of this decision
and no more, and by the terms of it it is ex-
pressly confined to the case of the property of
a man who was faithful to the Government all
the time. 1 will read from the decision to
show that this is so :
" That such is the nature of a suit under the
abandoned or captured property act was in cffect
held by this court in Woodruff's case, (1 C. Cls. K.,
page 486.) and Bernhcimer's, (5 Id., pdge 549,) but
the iSuureuie Court has given to the statute that ex-
press construction. ' Congress,' says Mr. Justice
Davis, in Nelson Anderson's case, {mpra.) 'consti-
tuted the Government a trusteo for so much of
this property as belonged to the faithful southern
people.'"
So, I would say, too, for so much of this
property as belonged to the faithful southern
people ; but it was not a trustee for the pro-
ceeds of the property of the man who was dis-
loyal and whose property was rightly taken.
In that case the property became absolutely
that of the Government of the United States,
and the proceeds of that property were just
as much the property of the United States
as money collected from taxes. That is the
extent of this decision. They go on:
•''And while directing that all of it should be sold
and its proceeds paid into the Treasury, gave to this
class of persons ' —
What class of persons ? Those who have
been faithful—
'"an opportunity, at any time within two years after
tho suppression of the rebellion, to bring* their suit
in tho Court of Claims, and establish their right to
the proceeds of that portion of it which they own '
Affaui the (supreme Court has said yet more clearly
Ihe Uovernment is a trustee, holding the proceeds
pi tho petitioner s property for his benefit; and
having been fully reimbursed for all expenses
incurred in that character, loses nothing by judg-
ment, which simply awards to the petitioner what
is iiis own.
Now, taking it altogether, it states that the
Government^ is a trustee for that class who
remained faithful to the Government, and
that class only. I read from the Senator's
own quotation.
Mfl' ,^r> President, it seems to
me that the honorable Senator from Indiana
has simply begged the question. I read that
decision for the purpose of showing the view
that the Government took of the title to this
property which it held in its Treasury. At
that time the court were discussing the case
of men who, as they say, had remained faith-
ful; that is to say, men who had not borne
arms against the Government, who had not
incurred the penalties of such arms-bearing
against it. That was in 1869. At that time
the question of the removal of all the conse-
quences of forfeiture, the consequences of the
disabilities, and the evil results in any way for
having borne arms, from a pardoned man, had
not keen brought before the court; but the
court had decided m what capacity the Gov-
ernment was acting in respect to this property
and they had declared that the Government
was nothing but a trustee for the true owner
What further have the Supreme Court said ?
They have said that the pardoned man is the
equal of the man who always was innocent.
They have said that a pardon means a par-
don. They have said that it wipes out the
offense from first to last; that there is no
other result and meaning of it; and they have
said that which I rejoice that they have said, that
it is not in the power of Congress to impose
the least restriction upon the presidential
power to grant pardons. If they could impose
that restriction we may have a very good idea
of what a pardon would amount to in any case
to a man who had followed the sentiment of
his State in his honest sense of duty in the late
dreadful conflict between our fellow-citizens.
I cite the precise language of the decision
in ninth Wallace, that the Government is a
trustee ; that these are proceeds of property
for the benefit of the petitioner who is the
cestui qui trust. I couple that with tho de-
cision made at the December term, 1871,
within the last six weeks, in the United States
vs. Klein, in which I find this language of the
court:
" That it was not the intention of Congress that the
title to these proceeds should be divested actually
out of the original owners of the property, seeins
clear upon a comparison of different parts of too
act."
What case were they discussing then? They
were discussing the case of a pardoned man,
and they said when he came before them and
produced his pardon it was conclusive evidence
that no penalty which had not then been ex-
acted as the result of his guilt should any
longer attach to his person or his acts ; that it
was in truth and in effect a pardon ; and that
it was not in the power of the United States
to limit the effect of an executive pardon.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. BAYARD. Certainly.
Mr. MORION. If it be true that the Gov-
ernment now stands as a trustee holding in
that character the proceeds of the property of
a man who was disloyal at the time his prop-
erty was taken, and that character exists in
consequence of the pardon, then the Govern-
ment became a trustee in 1868. It was not a
trustee in 1863, or 1864, or 1865, when the
property was taken, but the Government be-
came a trustee by the effect of this pardon in
1868 when the pardon was issued. Is that the
effect of the Senator's argument?
Mr. BAYARD. No; because I do not
understand at all that this property was prop-
erty captured under the laws of war, or that it
ever was intended by the Government taking
possession of it that it should become the
property of the Government. It never was
so intended. The rules of civilized warfare
would have forbidden it, and the Supreme
Court of the United States in the opinion
rom which I last cited have declared that to
tie the fact. In considering this act of 1863
they have declared that—
t(.nfT?h„Si?V<!rnment ^cognized to the fullest ex-
5 '56 A".'mane maxims of the modern law of
comhatnnl exempt private property of non-
combatant enemies from capture as booty of war."
That was the spirit of their decision. It
was in the light of the doctrines of civilized
warfare that that court acted, and that they gave
Congress the credit to believe they acted. It
was never intended that the private property
of non-combatants should be taken, covered,
r paid into (for the phrases are entirely
equivalent) the Treasury of the United States
and become thereby the property of the Gov-
ernment. That would be nothing but to
make the Government a mere despoiler of its
peop e, a mere robber, a receiver of stolen
g o s; and on the part of the Government
 l<.r|Ptv. *atA So a constr«otion, and I am
glad that the Supreme Court of the United
States have lifted the cause of the Union high
ugh to say that it was no war for rapine,
it was no war for spoliation, it was no war
ttle Punishment of non-combatants, but
