1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
3071
Mr. L. MYERS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Foreign Affairs to report a bill
which the committee have the privilege of
reporting at any time. The centennial cele-
bration committee meet in Philadelphia to-
night, and it is very important that the bill
should pass.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Palmer] must state whether he yields
for that purpose or not.
Mr. PALMER. I do not yield. •
abatement of taxes.
Mr. BECK. I rise to a privileged question.
I submit the report which X send to the Clerk's
desk.
The Clerk read as fallows;
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 881) to
provide for the abatement or repayment of taxes on
distilled spirits iu bond destroyed by casualty, hav-
ing met, after a fall and free conference have agreed
to recommend, and do recommend to their respect-
ive Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
the amendment of the House and agree to the same
with an amendment, as follows:
Strike out all of section one after "destruction,'
in line four, and insert in lieu thereoftlie following:
" by accidental fire or other casualty, and without
any fraud, collusion, or negligence of the owners
thereof of any distilled spirits on which the tax at
the time of the destruction of said spirits had not
been paid, and while the same remained in the cus-
tody of any officer of internal revenue in any distill-
ery warehouse or bonded warehouse of the United
States, to abate the amount of internal revenue
taxes accruing thereon, and to eanoel any warehouse
bond or eater satisfaction thereon, in whole or in
part, as the case may be; aud if such taxes have
beon collected since the destruction of said spirits,
then the Secretary of the Treasury shall refund the
fame to the owners thereof out of any money in the
treasury not otherwise appropriated;" and the
House agree to the same.
JAMBS B. BBCIC,
HORATIO C. BUUCHARD,
G. A. MNKELNBURG.
Managers on the part of the House,
JOHN SHERMAN,
GEORGE G. WRIGHT,
ELI SAUIiSBURY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
Mr. MAYNARD. 1 hope the gentleman
will explain the report.
Mr. BECK. It is precisely the House bill.
The Senate agree to our amendment and only
change the form of the section, so that it would
read more artistically. •
Mr. MAYNARD. I believe it does not pro-
vide for repaying any taxes pajcf prior to the
destruction of the spirits?
Mr. BECK. The taxes that have been paid
upon liquors destroyed, which taxes had not
been paid when the destruction took place,
and those that had not been collected, are on
the same footing.
Mr. MAYNARD. But it does not refund
any taxes paid prior to the destruction ?
Mr. BECK. No, sir, nothing.
Mr. RANDALL. Then I understand that
any one who bad liquors in bond and paid
(axes on it without taking it out, and the
liquors were destroyed, gets no relief under
this bill ?
Mr. BECK. That is true, because he bad
a right to remove the spirits the moment he
paid the taxes, and the United States did not
propose to be insurer any lunger.
Mr RANDALL. Well, he paid warehouse
charges.
' Mr. NIBLACK. This is a subject to which
I have given great attention for manyyearg,
and this bill is substantially an application of
the same rule to articles on which, internal
revenue taxes are imposed that appliesnow to
articles imported from foreign countries. It
has been the law for many years that articles
importel into the country and destroyed be-
foie the tariff duties were paid upon them were
free from tariff duties; iu other words, the
Secretary of the Treasury was authorized to
remit the tax on articles destroyed before the
tariff tax was paid on them. This applies the
same principal to internal revenue taxes. I
think it is right and proper, and 1 hope there
will be no objection to adopting this report.
The report of the committee on conference
was then adopted.
Mr. BECK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the report was adopted; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
order 0  business.
Mr. PALMER. I rise now to report back
from the Committee on Appropriations the
Senate amendment to the Post Office appro-
priation bill.
Mr, PERCE. I rise to a question of order.
I understand that the regular order now is
the morning-hour business. Does it not re-
quire a vote of the House to enable the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Paljier] to bring in his
bill?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
is authorized to report at any time the Senate
amendments to the Post Office appropriation
bill, and have them considered in the House
as in Committee of the Whole under the
five-minutes rule. In regard to the morning
hour, the Chair thinks he is correct in stating
that he never knew the morning hour to be
maintained during the last ten days of a ses-
sion, because as soon as the Journal is read a
motion to suspend the rules is iu order.
Mr. L. MYERS. The gentleman from Iowa
[Me. Palmer] yields to me to ask that the ses-
sion of Monday evening next may be assigned
to the consideration of reports from the Com-
mittee on Patents
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I object to the
gentleman yielding for any such purpose.
Mr. RANDALL. I object to the assign-
ment of Monday evening next for that purpose.
Mr. L. MYERS. I move to suspend the
rules for that purpose.
Mr. RANDALL. Does the gentleman pro-
pose to report anything in relation to sewing-
machine patents ?
Mr. L. MYERS. We propose to report the
business be'ore us.
Mr. PALMER. I do not yield for a motion
to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state why
the business reported by the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Palmer] is the regular order. The
rules made for the public business give the right
to the Committee of Ways and Means and to
the Committee on Appropriations to move to
suspend the rules and go into Committee of
the Whole for consideration of reports from
those committees, and that motion can be
decided by a majoiity vote. And the House
has already given the Committee on Appro-
priations the right to report at any time the
Senate amendments to the Post Office appro-
priation bill for consideration in the House as
• in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 will withdraw my ob-
jection to the request of my colleague [Mr.
L Myers] for the assigning of Monday even-
ing next for reports from his committee.
Mr. HALE. I renew the objection.
post osi'iog appropriation bell,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Palmer] will proceed with his report.
Mr. PALMER. Before I report back the
Senate amendments, I desire to offer the fol-
lowing resolution relating to the Post Office
appropriation bill, and I move that the rules
be suspended and the resolution adopted :
Whereas the estimate for postal railway service
for the ensuing fiscal year is ascertained to have
been insufficient: Therefore, _
lieioheil, That wheu the appropriation bill for the
Post Oilioe Department shad be uoder consideration
in the House of Representatives, an amendment,
based ou the corrected estimate of the Post Ottice
Department, for the postal railway service lor the
ensuing year, shall be deemed in order.
The rules were suspended, (two thirds voting
iu favor thereof,) and the resolution was
adopted.
Mr. PALMER, from the Committee on
Appropriations, reported back, with a recom-
mendation that some be concurred in and
others non-concurred in, the amendments of
the Senate to the bill of the House No. 1070
making appropriations for the service of the
Post Office Department fipr the year ending
June 30, 1873.
The SPEAKER. The amendments of the
Senate will be read, and, unless objection be
made, the recommendations of the Committee
on Appropriations for concurrence and non-
concurrence will be considered as agreed to.
Mr. PALMER. Before any amendments
of the Senate are read I move the amendment
which the House has just authorized to be
made to this bill. It is in the clause relating
to postal railway service, and is to strike out
$698,031, and insert $950,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Can the House
amend any portion of the text of this bill that
has been passed upon affirmatively by both
Houses?
The SPEAKER. They can by a suspen-
sion of the rules.
Mr. FARNSWORTH, la not that a joint
rule ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is
not.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Would it not be?
better for the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Palmer] to move his amendment to some
amendment of the Senate ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. There is no
amendment of the Senate to which it is appro-
priate.
The SPEAKER, The Chair entertained
the amendment only because the House by a
suspension of the rules, authorized it to be
offered.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk proceeded to read the amend-
ments of the Senate, and read the seventh
amendment, as follows:
Insert after the words " for steamship service
between Sail Franoisco, Japan, and China, $500,-
Q00," the following:
And the Postmaster General is hereby authorized,
to contract with the lowest bidder, after sixty days'
public notice, for a terui of ten years from and alter
the 1st day of October, 1873, for the conveyance of
an additional monthly mail on the said route at a
compensation not to exceed the rate per voyage
now paid under ttie existing contracts, and upon the
same conditions and limitations as prescribed by
existing acts of Congress in reference thereto, aud
the respective contracts made in pursuance thereof;
and the contractors under the provisions of this sec-
tion shall be required to carry the Urn ted States
rpails during the existence ot their contracts, with-
out additional charge, on all the steamers they ni-iy
run upon said line, or any part of it, or a.ny branch or
extension thereof: Provided, That all steamships
hereafter accepted for said service shall be of not less
than four thousand tons register each, and shall be
built of iron, and wholly of American construction,
and shall be so constructed as to be readily adapted to
the armed naval service ol the United States in case
of war, and before acceptance the officers by whom,
they are inspected shall report to the Secretary of
the Navy and the Postmaster General whether this
condition has been complied with : Provided, That
in all cases the officers of the ships employed in the
service herein provided for shall be citizens of the
United States, and that per.-ous of foreign birth who
have, according to law, declared their intention to
become citizens of the United States, maybe em-
ployed as though they were citizens within tbo
meaning of this section, or of any act or acts speci-
fied in the act of June 28,1864. Ana the Govern-
ment of the United States shall have the right in
case of war to take for the use of the United (statt.8
any of the steamers of said line, antl in such ease
pay a reasonable compensation therefor: Provided,
That the price paid shall in no case exceed tbo
original cost of the vessel so takeq, and this
provision shall extend to and be applicable to
the steamers of the Brazilian Hue hereinafter pro-
vided for.
The CQnjmittee on Appropriations recom-
mend concurrence.
Mr. RAjNDAIjL. J want to aslf the atten-
tion of the House to the fact that the Com-
mittee on Appropriations repotntnend action
here which the House has already condemned
in this particular. It .seems to me it would
have been well for the copiwittee to have fol-
lowed the expressed will of the House in
regard to the proposed increase of this appro-
piiation from a subsidy of $500,000 to $1,1)00,-
i 000. I hope that the House will non-eoncur
