1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
87
of this committee? It seems to me that the
attempt to define power always limits power.
If, as I have no doubt is true, the Senator from
Illinois desires a committee organized to have
power to investigate into all matters of re-
trenchment, all matters of public abuses, let
the resolution be passed as it, is presented, and
it will be very easy at any time for this com-
mittee to call for the requisite power to invest-
igate such matters.
I hope, then, the ordinary precedent will
not be departed from. The only cases that I
see where our rules define the powers of com-
mittees are in the cases of committees which
are in their nature joint, as for instance the
Committee on Enrolled Bills, the Committee
on Engrossed Bills, and the Committee on
Printing. The powers of these committees
are defined, because from their nature they are
joint committees ; but so far as I can discover
from an examination of the rules, there is no
definition of the powers of any other commit-
tees of the Senate, whereas in the House of
Representatives a number of pages of the book
of rules is taken up in defining the duties of
the various committees.
In practice, however, there can be no great
difficulty in regard to this matter. I take it
that when any Senator of any party will rise
in his place here and make an allegation
affecting the integrity of a public officer in his
official capacity, or suggest a mode of retrench-
ing the expenditures of the Government, there
will be no trouble in referring that matter to
this committee with ample powers to investi-
gate it; but I doubt very much either the
expediency or the necessity of giving the com-
mittee these ample powers in advance. We
should always wait until the particular ease
arises, when the necessary authority will be
conferred by the Senate. For instance, sup-
pose we desire to intrust this committee with
the investigation of the recent defalcations in
the Treasury Department—a very prope.r sub-
ject of inquiry. We might in that case be
willing to give them enlarged powers to send
for persons and papers, even to the derange-
ment of the business of the Treasury Depart-
ment, in order, if possible, to correct any
abuses that might have arisen there or to
expose any frauds that might have occurred.
But there might be cases where a different
subject-matter would be referred to this com-
mittee, where such powers ought not to be
given; and no committee of this body ought
to have unlimited power to send for persons
and papers, to examine into private affairs, to
do that which is forbidden to be done in many
cases by the Constitution of the United States.
Unless the power is expressly conferred in a
given case by the Senate itself upon the refer-
ence of a subject to the committee or at the
request of the committee, it ought not to have
such unlimited power.
1 see no necessity in this case for departing
from the usual course, in the organization of
standing committees in the Senate, of allowing
the extent of the powers of the committee to
be decided in each case when it arises on the
reference of a subject-matter to the committee.
This is the view I take of it, and I shall there-
fore vote against the amendment of the honor-
able Senator from Illinois.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, weall agree,
or profess to agree, and I have no doubt we
are all sincere in it, that we desire to do every-
thing here that, can be done to prevent abuses
or to correct them when they have occurred.
Now, sir, a proposition was brought in to ap-
point a joint committee witli certain powers,
and they ate the powers that were given to
joint committees in past years. It is thought
best to have a Senate committee, a standing
committee of this body, to be not only a stand-
ing committee now, but to continue perhaps
in years to come as a standing committee of
the Senate, whoever may be President of the
United States. It is a general proposition,
which has nothing to do with any abuses that
have grown up recently or at any other time,
but applying to the general service of the coun-
try, and I think applying for years to come.
I want to see such a committee in this body.
I hope when it is established the Senate will
not last long enough ever to do without it, for
I believe that it will take all the vigilance of
the President, of the members of his Cabinet,
of the Senate, and of the House of Representa-
tives, to keep the hands of thieves out of the
Treasury of the United States. Not only do I
believe that it will apply to the time in which
we live, but I believe it will do so until at any
rate there is a wonderful reform in our whole
country in relation to all the affairs of business
of every kind and degree.
I do not suppose that any Senator proposes
this measure as a war on the Administration
now existing. I do not suppose that any Sen-
ator believes that it is so aimed. For one, I
think every Senator here would disclaim that.
It is a general proposition looking to the ac-
complishment of a great good. Iam for such
a committee, and I am for its being a Senate
committee, to avoid the very difficulty which a
joint committee has already encountered in
regard to witnesses.
Now, sir, the proposition is to establish this
committee to accomplish the very purposes
suggested by the Senator from Illinois in his
amendment. The Senator from Rhode Island
says he will vote for that proposition just as
soon as the committee is ordered. Why, then,
have an apparent division here in the Senate
on that subject? If he is ready to vote for it
when the committee is appointed, what is the
diffioulty in voting for it when yon make the
committee? I am perfectly willing to vote for
the committee, and then for the proposition
of the Senator from Illinois; or I am willing
to vote for the committee and for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois in one
proposition. There is no real difference be-
tween the two. It is only the difference
between tweedledum and tweedledee. It is
an apparent difference here when in reality
there is none. If the amendment h.id not
been moved by the Senator from Illinois, I
would have voted for the proposition before
us for raising the committee, and then for this
amendment as to the powers of that com-
mittee ; but as the Senator has chosen to move
it, and wo all profess that we are willing to
have it, why make a division here among our
friends in regard to it? Therefore, I go for
both propositions, and I hope they will stand,
and that Senators of large experience, having
the confidence of the country, will he appointed
upon this committee, and that everything will
be done which can be done this year, next
year, before the presidential election, after
the presidential election ; that, whoever is in
power in this Government, there will be a
committee of this body true, faithful, vigilant,
always active to correct every abuse that
grows up in the administration of the gov-
ernment of the country. Abuses have existed
in the past: they exist in the present; they
will exist in all the years to come, more or
less, depending entirely upon the vigilance of
Congress, of the President, of the Cabinet,
and the men appointed to fill responsible posi-
tions under the Administration.
I hope, therefore, that we shall have no
division here among us, but that we shall
adopt both these propositions. Let it be
understood before the country that this com-
mittee is a standing committee of this body ;
not a special committee, but a committee that
we establish now as a reformatory measure ;
that we expect it to stand as long as other
committees stand in the Senate, and as long
as such a committee shall be needed, and I do
not look forward to the coming into power of
any body of men in this country who can dis-
pense with the utmost vigilance of the Con-
gress of the United States over the adminis-
tration of this great Government.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I have
no objection in the world to the appointment
of a standing committee of investigation or
retrenchment, a Senate standing committee,
and I think it better than a joint committee
of the two Houses. The reason suggested by
the Senator from Massachusetts in regard to
witnesses is sufficient of itself to show the
advantage of a standing committee of the
Senate. But it seems to me that if the reso-
lution offered by the Senator from Rhode
Island should pass without amendment, it will
be a complete reversal of the policy of the
Senate for the last six years, I believe. You
had a joint Committee on Retrenchment;
you gave to it the amplest powers that per-
haps were ever given to a committee by Con-
gress. You constituted, in fact, a grand jury.
You did not say that it should inquire into such
matters as you specifically referred to it from
time to time, but you gave it authority to in-
augurate investigations, not simply during the
sessions of Congiess. but in the vacation, and
with th<? amplest power, so far as language
could confer it, to make such investigations as
it siw fit to make. You made it the duty of
the committee to make investigations wherever
it bad reason to suppose that any benefit could
result from such investigations. I am not
going into any history of that committee to
show whether it resulted in any good or not,
whether it presented bills of indictment or not.
My acquaintance with it, although I served on
the committee for a brief space of time, is too
limited to say whether o<- not the full duty of
that committee was discharged. I know it did
a great deal during the last few years, and I
know that what it did, whenever the Senate
shall see fit to consider it, will be found to be of
great value to the Senate and to the country.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to make a suggestion to him?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. He refers to the powers
heretofore conferred upon the Committee on
Retrenchment in regard to its invt-stigation-i
and the duties it performed, and says that it
was actually in the nature of a grand jury. 1
beg to say to the Senator that the resolution
offered by the Senator from Illinois confers no
such powers, either directly or by intendment.
Mr. THURMAN. Whether that is broad
enough, I do not know. If it is not, I am quite
sure if my friend from Indiana will call the
attention of the Senator from Illinois t,o any
defects oromissionsin it,, he will make it broad
enough.
Mr. CONKLING. It is the same resolu-
tion existing before.
Mr. THURMAN. But that was the idea
of the Committee on Retrenchment. It was
always my idea that that committee might have
pursued a more vigorous course than it did
during the six years that it had existence, with
benefit to the country, and yet it was hardly
to be expected of it that it would consume the
whole of the vacation of Congress with these
investigations without any rest at all, and also
discharge the duty of these investigations during
the session of Congress.
But the difference with the committee to be
raised on the resolution of the Senator from
Rhode Island, if it be passed without amend-
ment,, is that that committee will have cogni-
zance of nothing but what shall be referred to
it specifically by the Senate. The argument
will be immediately, if that committee is to
have an investigation, there must be some
charge made against A B or against C D
in open Senate, and then that charge referred
to that committee ; that instead of its being a
committee to hunt up abuses itself and report
them to the Senate, the Senate is to find out
the abuses and prefer them to the committee.
That is the truth of it, and I undertake to say
that if this committee is raised on this resolu-
tion of the Senator from Rhode Island, without
amendment, and then the course is taken that
it is to have jurisdiction of nothing but such
specific charges as may be referred to it by
