36
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February y,
Ho. of Reps.
Arkansas Contested Election—Mr. Boles.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
assailed precincts, but have, either willfully
or ignorantly (either of which is inexcusable
here) misrepresented the provisions of the law
applicable to the holding of such elections.
There was one statement made in this report
that I was almost constrained to believe, not
that there was any more evidence adduced to
establish it than there was produced to estab-
lish other statements made by them, but from
the fact that it was so often made and reiter-
ated. This statement may have had no little
influence in causing the Governor to act so
promptly on the information given him by
this committee, and upon which he says he
gave the certificate of election to the sitting
member. This statement was that "Moses
Reed was Brooks's son-in-law." But Mr.
Brooks, who is supposed to know who his sons-
in-law are, somewhat shook our faith in this
often-repeated statement, when he testified that
lie had no relative or son-in-law of that name.
And so, after looking this whole report
through, we find that this committee have,
willfully or through ignorance, not only mis-
represented the facts and the law in reference
to the elections held in Pulaski county, but
have misrepresented the relationship existing
between Moses Reed and Joseph Brooks.
The sitting member charges that myself and
friends formed an illegal combination for the
purpose of securing my election, by depriving
his friends of the right of suffrage. This
charge has not one word of truth in it, and cer-
tainly comes from him with very bod grace,
when it is remembered that the Governor of the
State was his friend, and emphatically opposed
to me; that he had the entire control of the
registration of the voters and the appointment
of the judges of election who.received and
counted the votes when cast; and it is further
shown by the evidence in this case that the
Governor over and over asserted that he had
!he political cards in his hands and that he
intended to play them. In order that it may
be understood whom the Governor favored,
I will read a few extracts from only a few of
the many witnesses testifyingto these facts.
Colonel Joseph Brooks, on pages 66 and 67,
testifies as follows:
" Judge Boles, the contestant, has been a Repub-
lican during the entire time, and John Edwards a
Democrat. I know that Judge Thomas Boles was
the regular Republican nominee of the Republican
convention of the district, as I presided over said
convention in 1870. Edwards was supported by the
Democratic party throughout the said district, and
the Clayton Republicans of Pulaski county, the
latter numbering about fifty. I understood the
object of these men to bo to defeat lioles and the
Republican ticket, and to elect Edwards as a Demo-
crat. This was the general understanding m the
community. It was generally understood in the
community, and believed, and I have no doubt of it
myselt, that 1'owell Clayton, then Governor of
the State, was in sympathy with and giving direc-
tion to this movement, and desired the defeat of
Boles and tho election of Edwards."
John Agery, on page 83, testifies as follows:
"I heard Fitch say at another time, when he was
tight, that these ' God damned niggers wererunning
about town shouting for Boles, Brooks, and Hodges,
and that we would show them where they would
Be.' Governor Clayton was for Edwards, 1 learned
1'iom his conversation with ine. He talked against
lioles, and told me his reasons lor being against
lum. Ho said Boles was fighting him, and had
voted wrong on some railroad. He said Boles did
not want him to go to the United States Senate;
that he, the Governor, wanted to go there. I asked
Clayton how we should go to work to get a Repub-
lican Legislature, and send him to the United States
Senate. He said he had appointed good registrars all
over tins country. I told him we might have all
that and then that would not get Lieutenant Gov-
ernor Johnson out of the way. He said he pledged
to get Johnson out of the way, and intended to make
it good; that she majority of the supreme court of
the State was with, him, and he had the cards in his
own hands and he was going to play them. He said
that it was understood before this, between him and
Senator McDonald, that he was to go to the United
States Senate, and that ' they might light him as
much as they were a mind to, but he was going there
in spite of hell and high water.' "
Fitch was the Governor's registrar for Pulaski
county, and one of his principal tools there.
John Armstrong, on page <50, testifies as
follows:
"It was thegcneralunderstandingand belief in the
community, before the election and afterward, that
Governor Clayton. Fitch, and Chamberlain were
supporting Edwards for Congress, and urging tho
defeat of Boles. The general talk among prominent
Clayton men was that Clayton was in favor of the
defeat of Boles, and wanted him defeated, I have
never heard anybody dispute that, or that there was
any doubt of it in the public mind. I have no doubt
that Clayton wished to defeat Boles myself. I went
out into the county about ten miles from Little Rock,
and found tickets in the hands of colored men who
could not read. They were Democratic tickets, with
Edwards's name at the head. These colored voters
informed me that they had received these ticket's
from E. H. Chamberlain."
Andrew Alexander, on pages 28 and 29,
testifies as follows:
" Governor Clayton was generally understood to
support Edwards. I had a talk with Clayton once
before the election; the last time I talked together
with him I asked what Boles had done that ho
should not support him for Congress. He said Boles
was a man of no weight, no influence in Congress;
he wanted to send Edwards up there, a man that
had some influence. He went on to state that Ed-
wards was a sharp, shrewd man. The general un-
derstanding in the community was that Governor
Clayton was connected with Fitch in trying to
defeat Boles."
Jesse W. Devine, on page 27, testifies as
follows :
"It was generally understood, with all whom I
had conversation, white and black, that Governor
Clayton was in favor of Edwards. I believe it was
his purpose to defeat Boles."
Dr. John Kirkwood, one of the leading
spirits of and principal leaders in the Demo-
cratic party of Arkansas, on page 18, testifies
as follows:
"I voted for and supported John Edwards as the
Democratic Conservative candidate for Congress in
the district, whom I considered the Conservative
Democratic candidate. I was a member of the
Dardanelle convention, assembled for taking into
consideration or for the purpose of nominating a
candidate for Congress in the third congressional
district of the State, in the fall of 1870, in Septem-
ber last. Before the assembling of that convention
1 had a conversation with some of Governor Clay-
ton's friends, and particularly with Senator Hadley,
the substance of which was this: that if we did not
nominate they would give us a fair registration un-
der the law, which they failed afterward to do. In
accordance with the conversation 1 advised that no
nomination be made, and succeeded, with others, in
preventing any nomination."
To fully understand Doctor Kirkwood's testi-
mony it must be borne in mind that General
Edwards was a candidate at the time of the
conversation mentioned.
William Manuel, on page 54, testifies as
follows: *
"Itwas the general and common understanding
and belief in the community that Governor Clay-
ton, Fitch, and Chainberlain were supporting John
Edwards for Congress, and doing what they could to
defeat Boles; and that Fitch was appointed and kept
there for that purpose. I know that Fitch, one of
the registrars, would not register colored men who
were qualified voters. Some of these men were men
of families, and offered to prove that they were en-
titled to vote, but he would not hear them or permit
them to register. Fitch looked at them, and the only
excuse he gave was that he declared they were not
old enough. It was apparent to every one who saw
these men that they were old enough to vote and to
register. I knew that some of them were old enough
myself."
Henry Clay, on pages 37 and 38, testifies as
follows:
Everywhere I went in the county they supposed
Fitch and Chamberlain were supporting Edwards
and the Democrats. That was the common under-
standing. Out in Gray and Richwoods townships
the Democrats, white men, said to me, ' You damn
niggers think you are going to get Boles, Brook?,
and Hodges, and your tnen in, but your Yankee
registrars have registered all our fellows, and you
niggers will have no show.' I went into nearly all
the townships in the county during registration. I
think there were from 75 to 100 voters which I saw,
in all, turned away as I have stated, and denied the
right of registration. They were colored men, Re-
publicans^ and friends to Boles; they were in favor
of and desired Boles's election. I never saw white
men turned away.
_ " Question. What was the common understanding
m the community as to whom Governor Clayton was
in favor of for Congress, Boles or Edwards; and
state whether you ever had any conversation with
Governor Clayton on the subject, or heard him say
anythingm the matter? •
"Answer. Ho was not supporting Boles; it was the
general understanding that he was not supporting
Boles. It was the general understanding that he
was in tavor of Edwards and his outfit. I was in
Governor Clayton's room and heard him say to
eight or ten men who were present, ' that ho wanted
these men to stand by him, so that he could defeat
that Brindle-tailed ticket;' that is, thowhole Brin-
dle-tail ticket. Ho was talking then about Boles,
Brooks, and Hodges. This was before the election.
Fitch, Danforth, and Governor Hadley were pres-
ent. I remember there was quite a room full. I did
not like tho conversation and left the room."
This man Fitch, just named, was one of the
Governor's good registrars of whom he spoke
about to John Agery. Chamberlain was under-
stood to be one of the Governor's candidates
for the Legislature even while engaged in
registering the vote of the county. He pub-
licly announced himself as such a day or two
after the close of registration, ran' on the Dem-
ocratic ticket, and was declared elected, and
was one of the Governor's chief managing
friends in the Legislature, as is shown by
Gantt's, Garland's, and Watkin's testimony.
After the adjournment of the Legislature, Mr.
Chamberlain, although a Democrat, was, for
his valuable services to Governor Clayton,
appointed to a paying office.
The testimony which has just been read will
certainly satisfy any gentleman that the Gov-
ernor, instead of being a friend of mine, was
a bitter opponent. Indeed, it was notorious
throughout the district thathe was doing every-
thing in his power to secure my defeat, not
only by unfair and foul means in Pulaski
county, but throughout the district he was
manipulating registration so as to secure my
defeat and the election of his partisans to the
Legislature.
In counties where the Republican majority
was large, but the candidates of the party for
the State Legislature were unwilling to pledge
themselves to the support of the Governor for
election to the United States Senate, the regis-
trars were instructed to register and use their
influence to secure the defeat of the Repub-
lican candidates, especially where the candi-
dates of the Democratic party would pledge
themselves to vote for the Governor, which
they did do in many instances, and in other
instances they merely pledged themselves not
to oppose him; all of which pledges they
faithfully performed.
In other counties, where the Democrats were
known to be largely in the majority, but the
Republican candidates being partisans of the
Governor, the registrars were instructed to
register the Democratic vote down to five votes
or carry the county Republican. In other
counties still, men not entitled to register
under the law, were permitted to do so with-
out taking the oath required of them, after
agreeing to vote for Clayton's friends for the
Legislature, which they did, and at the same
time voted for the sitting member. Many
men, legal voters, were denied registration
without any cause whatever being assigned,
but was notoriously known to be because they
were favorable to me and unfavorable to the
election of Clayton's partisans. Hundreds
of men were thus denied registration for that
cause, and thatalone._ In some instances men
were denied registration who bad served four
and five years in the United States Army—the
greater part of the time during the rebellion—
and who had never lived in a southern State
until after the war.
The proof in this case shows that Fitch, the
Governor's good registrar of Pulaski county,
long after registration had closed, put certifi-
cates of registration on deposit at the drink-
ing saloons in Little Rock, to be used in the
interest of the ticket on which the sitting
member was running, and thoy were so used,
as the proof shows, by men who were not
entitled to vote.
Witness after witness have testified of the
