1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3673
Francisco will not be a vital preference • in
favor of that port over the port on Puget
sound?
The bill further proposes to give a subsidy
to a line of steamers running between the ports
of New York and Rio de Janeiro, thus draw-
ing the commerce of Brazil to New York, giv-
ing that port a vast preference over the ports
of Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Norfolk,
Charleston, New Orleans, and Mobile.
The Constitution says that "no preference
shall be given by any regulation of commerce
or revenue to the'ports of one State over those
of another." Suppose that a regulation of
revenue were adopted declaring that all im-
ports into the United States trom Europe
should be free of duty, provided they were en-
tered at the port of Norfolk, but that if entered
at New York, or other ports, they should pay an
ad valorem, duty of fifty per cent.; what an
outcry would be raised by the gentlemen who
now espouse this bill. Why? Because the
preference given to Norfolk by such a regula-
tion of revenue would build up Norfolk at the
cost of the ports of other States. And this
very clause of the Constitution would be in-
voked, and justly, too, against suoh a regula-
tion.
Gentlemen tell us how rapid is the increase
of our commerce with Japan. If this be true,
and I hope that it is so, then there is no need
of this subsidy, and there is not the shadow
of an excuse for levying an unconstitutional
tax upon the people of Ohio and other States
to make a present of a million to a handful of
hungry cormorants in the city of New York
who own this line of steamers.
Mr. Speaker, I abhor this species of legisla-
tion. No measure just'in itself requires cor-
rupt agencies to support it, and no measure
should be allowed to pass Congress which is
attempted to be carried on the shoulders of a
hired lobby.
If the commodities of Asia are wanted in
America, they will come to America. If the
products of America are desired in Asia, they
will go to Asia. The commodities of the oue
country will be exchanged for the commodi-
ties of the other, and this exchange is com-
merce. The means by which these commodi-
ties are carried to market is the carrying trade,
and he who carries most cheaply and rapidly
will become the chosen carrier. The honest
way to secure this carrying trade is to make
i-apid voyages, with low freights. This can be
secured by repealing the Chinese law passed
by an American Congress, which prohibts
the purchase of ships wherever they may be
bought best and cheapest. In consequence
of what is called American protection, a ship
costs twice as much i-i our own ship-yards as
upon the Clyde. Do away with this obnoxious
law, encourage our mercantile marine by estab-
lishing the doctrine of free ships, and our flag
will once more cover the largest tonnage in
the world, and the schemes of getting rich by
robbing the Treasury will be brought to an
end.
Mr. BCJTLBR, of Massachusetts. I do not
rise to antagonize this amendment of the Sen-
ate, but simply to suggest an amendment to
it. I move to insert after the word "and,"
in line twenty-four, the words "with their
engines and equipments;" so that it will
read:
Provided, That all steamships hereafter accepted
for said service shall be of not less than four thou-
sand tons register each, and shall be built of iron,
and with their engines and equipments wholly of
American construction.
I have learned that some of these steamers
go abroad and build their engines and have
them put in there, while they are required to
make their ships of American manufacture.
Mr. TAFFE. I suggest to the gentleman
that "engines and machinery" would be a
better phrase.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I will
accept that modification.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not intend
to reargue this question, but I wish to answer
some of the objections which have been raised
this morning In the firnt place, the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] says
that the Committee on Appropriations ought
not to have brought into this House a propo-
sition that had been rejected here. I answer
him that we have not brought back a rejected
proposition, but one quite different in its terms
and conditions from the proposition which was
acted on in the House. The difference is this:
the House simply proposed to double the ser-
vice and double the pay. That proposition
was defeated by a very small vote. It was a
proposition to give to the one company now
doing the work double pay for double work.
The objection was raised by many gentlemen
around me that it was giving it to a single
company without any competition or "without
opening the matter to the enterprise of the
country. The proposition of the Senate is
different. It offers an open bid in open mar
ket to the lowest bidder to do the work, and
thus takes the case entirely out of the range
of a mere monopoly, giving it to one special
company.
Mr. AMBLER. Will my colleague yield to
me for a question ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. AMBLKR. I would inquire of my
colleague whether it is possible that within
sixty days another company can be organized
to compete with this company?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I should sup-
pose it could.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. I under-
stand this is to be open to competition?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It is; all
parties are free to sail in. In the second
place, a very considerable restriction is to be
placed upon whatever company takes the
service; they must build their ships so thatthe
Secretary of the Navy may be satisfied that
they will be fitted for naval service in time of
war. They must be built to be approved by
him.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman knows
very well that there will be only one bidder for
this service.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If this is done
an additional line must be kept up between
Panama and New York. That will be an
additional service more than was provided for
by the proposition of the House. I answer
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ran-
dall] by saying that this is another and differ-
ent proposition, one far more favorable to the
United States and the interests of commerce
than the proposition which failed here in the
House by only two votes.
Mr. RANDALL. By eight votes.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. And the Com-
mittee on Appropriations felt bound to give
the House an opportunity to act upon this
proposition of the Senate, after pointing out
the differences between the two propositions.
My colleague [Mr. Stevenson] asked a
question, intended to raise another objection
to this proposition. He said : would you be
willing to subsidize a line of steamers on the
Mississippi river? Let me tell my colleague
what we have done for the Mississippi river
within the last few days. Under the laws
hitherto passed by Congress in relation to the
coasting and internal trade of this country
we have an absolute monopoly, unrivalled by
any foreign keel along our coast and upon our
navigable rivers. No foreign keel under a
foreign flag can float at all upon those waters
in competition with our commercial marine.
And to make it still stronger for our interests,
during the last week this House, under the lead
of the gentleman from Indiana, Mr. [Holman,]
made absolutely free of duty all material that
enters into the construction of river steamers
on all the navigable waters of this country.
Now, one other fact and I will leave this
subject. The latest reports show these facts:
the merchandise exported from San Francisco
to Japan from January 1 to April SO, 1870,
seven months, was $411,000. For the corre-
sponding period of this year, ending with the
month of April just past, it was $780,000;
almost doubled in one year.
Mr. MORGAN. If this commerce is in-
creasing at this rapid rate, why the necessity
of a subsidy to support this line?
Mr. GARF1ELIJ, of Ohio. I thank my
colleague [Mr. Morgan] for that word, for
otherwise I should have forgotten one thing I
desire to state. Within the last week the
London Times comes to us, informing us that
a British company is ready the moment they
can to set their competing line on the waters
of the Pacific and to establish a trade there,
and to put on a large number of steamers be-
tween Japan and San Francisco. And unless
we seize the occasion just ready to be shut up
so that we will not be able to seize it at all,
the work will be in the hands of England and
not in our own.
Mr. RANDALL. Mr. Speaker, I charge
that this amendment is a miserable subter-
fuge. The result of the original House propo-
siiion and of this amendment of the Seriate
will be the same. It is a mere equivocation
of language unworthy of- Congress and of the
gentlemen who advocate it. I charge more:
that this line, having already received an
enormous bounty from the Government, and
being already in a prosperous condition, has
no right to come here and ask for $500,000
more a year, making in all $1,000,000 a year,
when the mail service proposed is in no meas-
ure required by the commerce of the country.
I say more, that agencies disgraceful to Con-
gress have been employed by people outside
of this Hall and by members in it in favor of
this line.
Mr. SARGENT. State what they are.
Mr. RANDALL. Undue advocacy of it
in season and out of season.
Mr. SARGENT. What efforts does the gen-
tleman refer to? I want to understand him
distinctly.
Mr. RANDALL. Efforts of people outside
of this Hall and in it, who I believe are inter-
Mr. SARGENT. Doing what?
Mr. MORGAN. A hired lobby working to
carry the measure through.
Mr. RANDALL. I say, and will stand by
it, and if you propose a committee of investi-
gation I will undertake to prove it 
Mr. SARGENT. All right.
Mr. MORGAN. And I am ready to back
it. The thing will not bear investigation.
Mr. SARGENT. Allow me to ask what is
the specific thing charged. When we ascer-
tain that it will be time enough to investigate.
Mr. RANDALL. I say, sir, that undue
influences—I will go further and say that what
I believe to be wicked influences—have been
used to induce Congress to unnecessarily,
unwarrantably, and unjustifiably increase
this appropriation. I say this knowing the
language I use and comprehending its full
purport.
Mr. SARGENT. The point of my in-
quiry 
Mr. RANDALL. I am not going to be
catechised. If the gentleman takes umbrage
at what I say 
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman spoke of
members engaged in bringing to bear "un-
worthy means." Now. as one of those who
have advocated this measure, I have a right
to ask what members he refers to.
Mr. RANDALL. The gentleman cannot
force me into individualization. If he feels
aggrieved he knows his remedy.
Mr. SARGENT. Oh, that is all nonsense.
Mr. RANDALL. Well, Mr. Speaker, I
do not propose to be constantly interrupted.
Mr. SARGENT. I simply ask the gentle-
man's courtesy. I understood him to say that
members within this Hall had used unworthy
