1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBB.
985
that attachment proved my prophecy to be cor-
rect. The Senator says he has no doubt that
attached to an amnesty measure it can pass the
Senate by a two-thirds majority. What child-
like simplicity 1 Here within one week from
the time when it has been defeated thus at-
tached, he stands up here in his place in the
Senate and says he believes that he has so edu-
cated the Senate that after the lapse of less
than a week, it will, if attached again, pass the
Senate by the constitutional majority. I say
the Senator's faith is child-like and beautiful.
I only wish the country could have as much
faith. X wish the rest of us could have as much
faith. I would rejoice to vote for the attach-
ment of his bill to the amnesty measure if it
could pass; but in view of the fact that every
prophecy that I made in regard to it has come
true, in view of the fact that it is very doubt-
ful if it would receive a majority of the votes
at the other end of the Capitol, not to say the
two-thirds constitutional majority, I must, if
the amnesty measure is taken up here—which
will be done against my vote, as I said be-
fore—but if the Senator moves to put on his
proposition as an amendment, I shall still
be obliged to vote against it, out of friendly
regard and not hostility to the civil rights bill
of the Senator from Massachusetts. It will
be no vote for mere form that I give, but it
will be a vote for substance; it will be a vote
which will be given because I desire the suc-
cess of both measures; and the reason I shall
to-day voie against taking up the amnesty
bill is, as 1 say, because 1 am aware of the per-
sistency with which the Senator from Massa-
chusetts will press his amendment upon it, and
that the fate of any measure presented here
with that attachment will be the same as that
of the recent one. Iwillgladly wait withhim,
if he does not choose to bring forward bis bill,
the passage of the measure by the House of
Representatives, which 1 hope will pass there
by the proper majority, and which [ shall he
very glad to vote for when it comes here. If
the Senator abandons the position which he
has held so stoutly, if he says, '-Now I wait for
others to move instead of moving myself," we
must obey, I have not prepared a civil lights
bill. 1 am not gifted, as the Senator is, in
drawing bills which cover all the rights of
human nature; but 1 shall gladly follow his
lead in helping to pass them.
But the Senator says that his course meets
with the approbation of tho distinguished
friends of the colored race all over the coun-
try. I have as much reverence for Air. Gar-
rison and Mr. Whitticr as he has. I believe
that Mr. Garrison and Mr. Whiitier, if they
had been on the floor of the Senate and seen
the condition o('public business, seen the aspect
of the two bills, would have formed very dif-
ferent opinions upon the proper parliamentary
action to those which were entertained by the
Senator from Massachusetts.
With regard to others who have written him
letters, I have this to say, that the Senator is
one of those who have the happy privilege ot
making letter-writers famous all over the coun-
try. He thereby induces large numbers ot
men to write to him, because he gives them
dignity by reading their letters to the Senate.
It is quite a possible thing for any Senator to
get a very large correspondence, if he will just
ventilate that correspondence through the col-
umns of the Globe. And yet, day after day
during the recent debate on the civil rights
question, we were regaled with letters from
Air. A, Mr. B, and Mr. 0, all over the coun-
try, to justify what needed no justification if
it was light, and that was the course of the
Senator from Massachusetts. The Senator
from Massachusetts stands before tile country
justified in his general spirit ot legislation, but
if there is any Senator on this floor who has
no special reason to boast ot particular suc-
cess in caa-ryiug through his own particular
measures, the Senator from Massachusetts is
that Senator. If there is any Senator on this
floor who has been identified from the begin-
ning with the great measures which have gone
to secure human rights and human freedom,
and who has not had particularly good fortune
in carrying through the measures in his par-
ticular form, it is the Senator from Massachu-
setts. I doubt not the Senator's desire to do
justice to all men, except that I am compelled
to add with pain and regret the recent mani-
festation of his conduct in these debates
has led me to doubt whether he is quite fair
and right to those who sit on the same floor
with him. He is earnest, he is loud, he is elo-
quent—to use his own words with regard to
myself—he is earnest, he is loud, he is eloquent
in defense of the rights of all mankind; but
he forgets his duty binds him to be fair and to
do right to those about him, and not to mis-
state their position before the country.
Mr. President, the Senator has from first to
last misstated my position on this question.
The Senator from first to last has known that
I was in favor by every mean3 in my power of
securing equal rights to all men before the
law; and yet from first to last, day after day,
the Senator has endeavored to put me and
others who acted as I did on this question
in a fake position. He may not be conscious
of it. Men deceive themselves. I do not
know that he has done it intentionally; but
that he has done it is a fact to every Senator
who sits on this floor except the distinguished
Senator from Massachusetts himself.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
suspend for a moment. This debate has pro-
gressed to a point so far from the direct ques-
tion, and so much feeling has been exhibited
in the remarks within the last half hour, that
the Chair supposes it is the proper time for
him to read the fourth rule :
"No Senator shall speak more than twice in any
one debate on the same day without leave of tiro
Senate, which question shaft be decided without
debate."
The Senator from Massachusetts has spoken
twice, and the Senator from South Carolina
has spoken twice. The Chair supposes the
Senator from Massachusetts desires the leave
of the Senate to speak again on this question.
Mr. SUMNER,. I wish to say only a word.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
submit that question without-debate. The
Senator from Massachusetts desires to be heard
again on this question. Will the Senate allow
it ?
The question being put, was determined in
the affirmative.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, in the word
that I shall say I shall have none of the tem-
per which the Senator from South Carolitia
has so largely displayed. He seemed to rejoice
in it. I wish him well of.it. He found pleas-
ure evidently in criticising my life in this Cham-
ber, what 1 have done, and what I have not
done—much more what 1 have not, done. Sir,
I never say anything about what I have done
or have not done. I shall leave to others to
speak of that.
The Senator from South Carolina, represent-
ing a colored constituency, may condemn me.
may criticise me. I shall not reply to him on
that head. The Senator complained that I
have faith, and be says he has not. I think
that is pretty obvious. I do not ask faith from
the Senator, but I ask works—that is all—
works; and the works of a Senator are shown
in speech and in vote. I wiJt only earnest
speech from the Senator from South Carolina
in behalt of the colored race—that is what I
call for—showing the indiatnities they suffer—
pleading for their rights. That is what I want;
and then I want a vote from that Senator when-
ever any proposition is presented in theicfavor.
It will not be enough to say that he will vote
for a proposition at some moment that has not
yet arrived. He must vote now in the present.
The Senator insisted again upon misstating iny
proposition. I have not said to-day whether
the amnesty bill or equal rights hill can have ia
this Chamber now a two-thirds vote. I have
not affirmed or denied on that point.
Mr. SAWYER. Did not the Senator say so?
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, no; the Senator mis-
stated me. I sg,id that never during this long
debate of four weeks have I despaired of
obtaining the necessary two-thirds vote, pro-
vided my measure could overcome the stren-
uous opposition of the Senator from South
Carolina and be attached to the amnesty bill.
I was disappointed that it did not receive the
two-thirds vote. I had reason to expect it,
and I know other Senators on this floor who
were disappointed with me. 1 say to the
Senator most sincerely, from the bottom of
my heart, I had reason to expect it; his own
colleague assured me that lie expected it.
Now, 1 have said nothing as to the nature of
this measure in this Chamber; but since the
Senator has raised that question, I desire to
say that the bill for equal rights modified so
as to eliminate what may be compendiously
called the Chinese question, I do believe, if
attached to the amnesty bill, can carry a two-
thirds vote in this Chamber. Such is my con-
viction, and to that end I mean to work earn-
estly, faithfully, the Senator from South Caro-
lina to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. 'SAWYER. Have 1 the privilege of
saying a word ?
The VICE' PRESIDENT. The Senator
from South Carolina has spoken twice and
asks permission to reply. It must he decided
without debate under the fourth rale. The
question is on granting fhat permission to the
Senator from South Carolina.
The question being put, was determined in
the affiimative.
Mr. SAWYER. I shall not occupy the
attention of the Senate long. It seems from
the statement now made by the Senator from
Massachusetts that I misunderstood the state-
ment previously made by him. I understood
him to say that he had no doubt that the am-
nesty measure when joined to the civil rights
measure would receive a two-thirds majority
in this Chamber, and I thought it a remark-
able statement in view of the vote which was
had upon the measure combined last week.
The Senator says that he shall continue to vote
for the union of these two measures, and he
calls upon me for works, not faith. _ I have
voted for the Senator's hill in connection with
the amnesty measure. Whenever the Sena-
tor's bill shall be by a vote of the Senate put
upon the amnesty measure, I shall still vote
for the two measures combined. He has no
right to say that I voted against his measure,
or that I helped defeat the measure. It did
overcome the opposition which was made to
it, and so put upon the amnesty bill. Ihe
fact that we opposed its being put upon the
amnesty me'asuro had nothing whatever to do
with its ultimate defeat. The only real ques-
tion between the Senator from Massachusetts
and myself is whether it was wise or unwise to
join the measures. 1 hold that it was unwise,
t'he result f-eems to me to prove it. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts thinks otherwise.
I have done, Mr. President, wiili this con-
troversy. The Senator speaks of the temper
1 have exhibited. I am not aware that I have
exhibited any temper, more than certainly I
have a very fair exemplar for. I have no dis-
position at any rate to exhibit temper on this
floor, or any improper temper; but when a
studious attempt is apparent—I will not say
exists, but is apparent—to place me in a false
position, it is the most natural thing in the
world that I should endeavor not to remain
placed there.
Mr. MOllRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent. I hope those of us who desire to have
the Senate do something, and not consume
the entire day in a discussion as to what meas-
ure shall take precedence, will refrain frqrn
talking and come to a vote. The Senator
from New York having withdrawn any claim
