1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1881
MRS. FANNY KELLY.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. The Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. 13) for the relief of Mrs. Fanny Kelly,
have directed me to report it back to the Sen-
ate without amendment, accompanied by a very
brief report, and I willask for the present con-
sideration of the bill. The report is very
short, and I think it will not take two minutes
to dispose of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read subject to objection or to a demand for
the regular order.
The Chief Clerk read the bill. It directs
the payment to Mrs. Fanny Kelly of $5,000,
in full for property taken and destroyed by the
Sioux Indians in the year 1864, which sum is
to bo taken from any money in the Treasury
which is due or which may become due the
Brul6, the Ogallalla, the Sans-Ave, and the
Minneeonjou bands of Sioux Indians, in pro-
portion to the amount which may be due the
several bands herein named.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does any Sena-
tor desire to have the report read?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir; I desire tohear
the report read.
The Chief Clerk read the following report:
The Committee on Indian Affairs, to which was
referred the petition of Mrs. Fanny Kelly, praying
for compensation for losses sustained by the destruc-
tion of property by the Sioux Indians, submit the
following report:
In the early part uf the year 1864 Mrs. Kelly, with
her husband and family, i-tarted from Allen county,
Kansas, for .Montana. They took with them all
their property, which consisted of horses, wagons,
cattle, wearing: apparel, and a variety of merchan-
dise. On thel2th of July, while near Fort Laramie,
the train was attacked by the Sioux Indians, five of
the emigrating party were killed, all their property
was taken or destroyed, and Mrs. Kelly taken cap-
tive and detained nearly five months, during which
time she suffered great cruelty at their hands. Her
husband is now dead, and she presents a detailed
account of property destroyed, which, although
mado from memory, yet in the leading articles and
in the amount is declared to be correct.
Accompanying the account is a statement signed
by Spotted Tail, Swift Jicar, and other chiefs and
warriors of the Brul6 Sioux; by Red Cloud and
other chiefs and warriors of the Ogallallas; by Lit-
tle Swan, and others, warriors of the Minnecon-
jous and Sana-Arcs, bands of Sioux Indians, in
which they certify to the facts set forth in the affi-
davit of Mrs. Kelly, and acknowledge the justness
of the claim against them, and request that the
amount set forth in Mr?. Kelly's statement be paid
her out of any money now due, or which may be-
come due them by annuities or by any appropria-
tion made by Congress. Certificates accompany
their request, signed by their interpreters, which
state that they were present when the statements
were signed by the chiefs and warriors, and they
were fully explained by. thom before they were
signed. The committee recommend the passage of
the accompanying bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I see that a couple of
years ago we gave this lady $5,000 in connec-
tion with this same affair, perhaps for another
purpose, that this report does not seem to
refer to. I therefore hope my friend will
allow the bill to go over nnlil we can look
into it.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I beg leave to make
a single statement in regard to that. The
appropriation made to Mrs. Kelly two years
ago was for an entirely different purpose. That
was for information given to the United States
Government by which property worth some-
tiling like two hundred thousand dollars was
paved to the Government. This is for loss of
property sustained by her, taken by Indians,
and at their request it is to be paid, if at all,
out of money which may bo appropriated for
them.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Whatever moneys we
appropriate for Indians come out of the Treas-
ury, unless we owe it to them for lands we
have bought or in extinguishing their titles.
That being the ease, and we having already
provided ยง5,000 for this lady in the same
transaction, as I think it was, although I do
not remember particularly, T think we had
better consider a little what funds of the In-
dians we have out of which this may be paid
before we pass the bill in haste. I .therefore
hope it will go over.
Mr. BUCK1NGHAM. This is for an entirely
different object.
The "V ICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont objects, and the bill will be placed on
the Calendar.
MRS. FRANCES A. M'KINNEV.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (H.
R. No. I860) for the relief of Mrs. Prances A.
McKinney, have directed me to report it back
with an amendment. It is a bill that will take
but a moment, and if the Senate will allow it
to be considered now. I think there will be no
objection to it.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the payment, out of
any appropriation heretofore or hereafter to
be made for the payment of salaries and
expenses of the judges and courts of the
United States, to Mrs. Prances A. McKin-
ney, widow and relict of John M. McKinney,
late judge of the United States district court
for the southern district of Florida, who died
of yellow fever, Gctober lo, 1871, contracted
in the discharge of his official duties, the full
amount of one year's salary of the office held
by her husband at the time of his death.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with an amendment to add at the end
of the bill " less the amount already paid."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
Vv'IN'ONA AND ST. l'ETElt's KAtLKOAD,
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 reported some time
since from the Committee on Finance a bill
for the relief of the Winona and St. Peter's
Railroad Company. It will take but a moment
to pass it, and I trust the Senate will act upon
it now. There is a very brief report which can
be read if it is desired.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 710) to refund certain
"duties paid by the Winona and St. Peter's
Railroad Company. It directs the refunding to
the Winona and St. Peter's Railroad Company,
in gold, of $3,424 28, being the additional
duties paid by them on railroad iron under the
joint resolution entitled "A joint resolution to
increase temporarily the duties on imports,"
approved April 29, 1864.
Mr. EDMUNDS.'* 1 should like fo have
that bill explained.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is a very brief
report which will explain it in fewer words
than I can. The bill has already passed the
Senate once before ; but the report will explain
it fully.
The Chief Clerk read the following report
submitted by Mr. .Sheumax from the Commit-
tee on Finance, on the 29th of February last:
The Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
Senate bill No. 710, entitled "A bill to refund certain
duties paid by the Winona and St. Peter's Itailroad
Company," report:
That the facts in regard to this bill were stated in
a previous report of I'm committee, which is made
a part of this report and arc concurred in. as follows:
" The Committee on Finance, to whom was referred
the memorial of the Winona and St. Peter's Itail-
road Company, an incorporation of the State of
Minnesota, have had the same under consideration,
and find that this company imported in the fall of
1863 five hundred tons of railroad iron, which was
landed in New York and shipped for Milwaukee
under bond to pay the duty then imposed by law
within sixty days, the time allowed tor its transit.
By the usual course of navigation it should havo
arrived at Milwaukee that ta.ll; but by the early
closing of navigation it was detained at Oswego. It
seems from the papersoniilethat the company made
various efforts to pay the duty both at Milwaukee
and Uew York; but the collector at each port refused
to receive the duties while tho iron was in transitu.
The duty was then 813 50 per ton. Subsequently by
the joint resolution of April 20,1861, duties on im-
ported goods were increased fifty per cent, for sixty
days, thus imposing a duty on this iron of $21 25pef
ton, while by t,he general tariff act which took efteet
July 1,1861, the duty on railroad iron was sixty cents
per one hundred pounds, or $13 41perton. Thoiron
arrived at Milwaukee on the 2lst of June, 1864, and
in addition to tho duty imposed by law when the iron
arrived in New York there was imposed an addi-
tional duty under the joint resolution of tho sum of
ij3,42i 28, which sum was paid by the petitioners
under protest.
"Your committee are of opinion that the addi-
tional duty provided for by the joint resolution of
April 29,1864, was not applicable to goods actually
m transitu within the United States and under
bonds providing for the payment of the specific
rate of duty then imposed by law. At all events,
your committee think it inequitable upon the facts
stated to exact tho increased duty when tho import-
ation was complete before the passage of the joint
resolution, and when parties interested had ten-
dered tho duties imposed by law and wero guilty of
no laches."
Tho committee recommend the passago of the
bill.
Mr.
oorted
" Mr.
two or
gress,
Mr.
at this
Mr.
Mr.
Mr.
up.
EDMUNDS,
before at this
SHERMAN,
three years :
and passed.
EDMUNDS,
session ?
SHERMAN.
EDMUNDS.
SHERMAN.
Has this bill beeu re-
session, or recommitted ?
The bill was reported
iigo, during the last Con-
But has it been reported
Certainly.
How did it get up now \
I asked to have it taken
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought it was reported
at this time.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was reported by me
the other day. It has already passed the Sen-
ate once before, but was not acted upon by
the House, and now it has been again reported
at this session.
The bill was reported lo the Senate with-
out amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
WCIIAltl) li. CKAWI'OM).
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. The Com-
mittee on Pensions, to whom was referred the
bill (II. R. No. 622) granting a pension to
Richard B. Crawford, have directed me to
j report it back, with an amendment, and ree-
! ommend its passage ; and I ask for its imme-
] diate consideration.
! By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It directs the Secretary of the
Interior to place on the pension-roll, subject
to the provisions and limitations of the pension
laws, the name of Richard B. Crawford, and
to pay him a second lieutenant's pension from
the date of allowance of his pension by the
Pension Bureau.
The Committee on Pensions reported the
bill with an amendment, to strike out in lines
seven and eight the words "allowance of his
pension by the Pension Bureau " and to insert
" the date of the passage of this act."'
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and tho amendment was concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendment be engrossed
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read the third time, and passed.
private land claims.
Mr. CALDWELL. 1 am directed by the
Committee on Private Land Claims to report
favorably the bill (S. No. 324) to extend the
provisions of an act entitled " An act for the
final adjustment of private land claims in the
States of Florida, Louisiana, and Missouri,
and for other purposes," and I ask for its pres-
ent consideration.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to have
the bill explained lo the Senate.
Mr. CALDWELL. It simply provides an
extension of time for the adjustment of certain
land claims in the States oi* Louisiana, Flor-
ida, and Missouri, for three years. It was a
bill introduced by the Senator from Louisi-
ana, [Mr. Kellogg.]
Mr. EDMUNDS. What kind of claims?
Mr. KELLOGG. I will state for the satis-
faction of my friend from Vermont that this is
a bill extending an act approved the 22d of
.Tune, 1860, providing that certain private land
