1882
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
claims in the States of Florida, Louisiana, and
Missouri, where, by virtue of grant, cession,
order of survey, permission to settle, or other
written evidence of title emanating from any
foreign Government bearing date prior to the
cession to the United States of the territory
out of which such States were formed, &c.,
should.be authorized to make application for
the confirmation of their title to the land so
claimed in the manner therein prescribed ;
and at the commencement of each session of
Congress it was made the duty of the Commis-
sioner of the Land Office to make a report of
all that has been done under the provisions of
the act.
The last clause of this act "provided that
it shall be and remain in force during the
term of five years unless sooner repealed by
Congress." This act of June, 1860, having ex-
pired, it was again renewed for three years by
act of March 2, 18G7, which has now expired.
There are a number of petitions on file in
reference to this matter, and I will read a por-
tion of one of these petitions :
"The memorial of the undersigned, citizens and
inhabitants of the State of Louisiana, respectfully
"showeth—
"That under the homestead act of May 20, 1862,
applications for homestead entries were lately filed
in the land office at New Orleans upon lands lying
immediately opposite to the city of New Orleans,
fronting on tho Mississippi, which were proved be-
fore the register and rocorder to have been in the
uninterrupted possession of the present occupants
and of those under whom they claim for one hun-
dredandthirty-liveyears. The grounds uponwhich
these homestead applications are based are that the
ancient proprietors have by inadvertence failed to
have tboir fiont tract formally confirmed, though
they had applied for and obtained the confirmation
of their rear tract or double concession, irom which
it is inferred that the (runt tract is unconfirmed pub-
lic land. -A number ot other similar applications for
homesteads upon old settlements have been within
a tew months filed in the same officc.
"On tho 22d of Juno, 3800, Congress being aware
that a number of old land titles were still uncon-
firmed, passed a comprehensive act, providing for
tbefinal settlement of land titles in Missouri, Louis-
iana, and Florida, which authorized claimants to
submit, their titles to United States courts orUnit-cd
States land offices.
"This act having expired without producing any ,
result, at least in Louisiana, was renewed for three i
years by an act of Congress of March 2,18G7, which ,
is now likewise expired. Thus tar but one single
Louisiana land title has been confirmed under either
of the above-mentioned acts, and the evil which
they were intended to remove still exists and calls
for n remedy. , . , -
"Tho unfortunate condition in which Louisiana
was placed during the greater part of the time when
those laws were in force withdrew the attention of
the peoplofrom all matters liotol immediately press-
ing necessity, and tho difficulty of profiting by said
Jaws was greatly increased by the long suspension
of the sessions of the United States court and the
only very iccent reorganization of the New Orleans
land oliice.
" Wherefore your memorialists respectfully request
that it may please this honorable Congress to reenaet
the aforesaid act of Congress of June 22, I860, for a
limited period of time."
1 rend this because it is very concise, brief,
and to the point, and will obviate a longer
statement.
Mr. STEWART. Is there a written re-
port?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair thinks
not.
Mr. KELLOGG. This bill comes from the
Committee on Private Land Ciaims. I do not
think there is a written report, but I assure
the Senate it, is a matter of a great deal of
importance to our people that this bill pass
at an early day ; it is just and most merito-
rious.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Who is the proprietor
of these lands now?
Mr. KELLOGG. I cannot say, and I pre-
sume it makes very little difference whether
they are oid owners or are more recent pur-
chasers. As old and continuous occupants
of the lands they have lights, and I want them
protected in these rights, and an extension
of this act of 1860 will, I believe, in a great
measure protect them. Whatever rights they
have I wish to see protected and confirmed,
provided they comply with the requirements
of the law ; and alter all it, is mainly a ques-
tion whether they (shall have these rights pro-
tected, and their old possessory claims to land
confirmed, or whether they shall be exposed
to the rapacity and greed of a few miserable
land-sharks and pirates.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Those who were dis-
loyal have suffered more than the loyal ones
if they have any consciences, and we should
have to provide for them; but I should infer
from the act of 1860 that this is a provision
for trying a claim against the United States.
It speaks of appeals to the Supreme Court,
and if the decisions were against the United
States then so and so. How much land or
money this is to involve, of course, I am en-
tirely ignorant, and I ask my honorable friend j
for the information with the apology which I ;
owe to anybody for asking such a question. '
Mr. KELLOGG. I must confess that I can
give no information in detail as to the amount
involved. It is a case where the law provides
a remedy for persons who hold land in terri-
tories obtained from foreign Governments by
virtue of original occupancy or possessory
rights extending back lor more than twenty
years, and since the purchase of Louisiana so
far as that State is concerned. It is proposed
to extend the act of Congress passed on that
subject, in 1860, giving the right to actual set-
tlers to prove claims ot' this kind for five years,
and this proposes to extend it, for three years
longer. That is the whole story.
Mr. STEWART. I do not want to interrupt
the passage of the bill.
| The VICE PRESIDENT. If objection be
I made it will go over.
! Mr. KELLOGG. I hope the Senator will
I not object.
1 Mr. STEWART. I should like to under-
| stand more about it.
! Mr. VICKERS. I have a report to make.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Maryland has risen to make a report,, which is
in the nature of an objection, and if he insists
upon it the Chair will recognize him.
Mr. STEWART. I do not object to the
bill being taken up as soon as it is under-
stood.
The VICE PRESIDENT. As this bill gives
rise to continuous debate, it will be laid aside,
aud the Senator from Maryland will be recog-
nized to make his report.
i'akx owners ok vessels.
Mr. VICKERS. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce, to whom was re-
ferred the bill ^H. II. No. 1213) defining the
rights of part owners of vessels in certain
cases, to report it back without amendment,
and to recommend its passage. The Senator
from Maine farthest from me [Mr. Hamlin]
feels great interest in this matter, and desires
to have the bill considered now.
Mr. HAMLIN. That bill has passed the
House of Representatives, has been sent to
the Secretary of the Treasury, is approved by
him, and reported back with the unanimous
approval of the Committee on Commerce, and
I think it can be passed in two minutes. I
ask, therefore, for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
1213) defining the rights of part owners of
vessels in certain cases was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides that
any person or persons or body-corporate
having more than one half ownership of any
vessel shall have the same power to remove
a captain, who is also part owner of such
vessel, as such majority owners now have to
remove a captain not an owner ; but this act
is not to apply where there is a valid written
agreement subsisting, by virtue of which such
captain would he entitled to possession, nor
in any case where a captain has possession as
part owner, obtained before the passage of
the act.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, and ordered to a third reading.
Mr. CASSERLY. As I heard that bill read,
it is a very important one. I do not say that
I am against it, but I should like to have it
read once more, as it is very short.
The bill was read.
Mr. CASSERLY. I see no objection to
the bill. ,
The bill was read the third time, and passed.
memorial parish.
Mr. PATTERSON. I am instructed by the
Committee on the District of Columbia, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 810) for
the relief of Memorial parish of the Protestant
Episcopal church in the District ol Columbia,
to report it back without amendment, and ask
for its present consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
read for information, after which it will be
open to objection.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I
understand this matter, but I do not like at all
this legislating by Congress to regulate the
mode of religious societies hi voting, and
transacting their business. That is entirely
a voluntary thing. Let them do it as they
please.
Mr. PATTERSON. I will say to the Sen-
ator that it is not a voluntary thing, but by a
law of 1789 the right to vote is restricted now
to those who live within the parish. This
bill simply extends it to all who are members
of the society or church, and who help to
support the church, and gives to all the priv-
ilege to vote in electing their vestry officers.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not aware that
there was any such law in force in the District
of Columbia.
Mr. PATTERSON. There is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that is so, I submit-
to the chairman of the Committee on the
District of Columbia whether a bill ought not
to be introduced and passed repealing all laws
that undertake to regulate these denomina-
tions in their organization. I do not think
the Government of the United States should
interfere in any shape in these matters except
to protect them from violence, but that each
religious society and denomination should
adopt its own rules, and let the persons vote
whom it pleases, men, or women, or children,
church members or members of the congre-
gation, and if we have a'statute of the Umteu
States in any way interfering with the trans-
action of business by religious societies I hope
the Senator will introduce a bill to repeal it
absolutely.
Mr. PATTEPtSON. Imay do so at some
convenient time; but the annual meeting of
this society is to be held within a few days, and
they are anxious to have the privilege of vot-
ing at that annual meeting, so that if we pass
this bill it will not interfere with the general
act which may afterward be passed.
Mr. BLAIR. 1 object to the consideration
of the bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Tt will be placed
on the Calendar.
soldiers' homesteads.
Mr. LOGAN. I desire to call tip a bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Three Senators
appear to have risen with reports from com-
mittees. Unless the Senator from Illinois can
induce them to yield the Chair cannot enter-
tain his request.
Mr. LOGAN. I do not desire to interfere
with the business; but I should be very glad
if the Senate would take up the bill in regard
to homesteads for honorably discharged sol-
diers.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair hears
no objection, and the bill is taken up subject
to morning business.
reports of committees.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(H. R. No. 1720) to confirm the title of John
Boyer to certain lands therein described, asked
to bedischarged from its further consideration,
