90
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
think the contrary is quite true, and that our
simple business is to go straightly and calmly
on, as we have done in the last few years, ap-
plying a correction to every wrong that comes
to our knowledge, improving by legislation
every possible means which can be adopted to
diminish the public expenditures and to insure
faithfulness in the public service.
Why, sir, referring for a moment again to
■what I said just now, even a body as careful
as this, selected from the States by the formali-
ties of legislative election, and therefore being
supposed—certainly by ourselves—to embody
about as much of carefulness and faithfulness
to the public interests as any public body can,
has not been so fortunate in the selection of its
servants as to entirely escape unfaithfulness
and the loss of money. It is not a great many
years since we had a defalcation in this body
by one of its cashiers, who was a trusted ser-
vant before that time, and in whom everybody
had confidence. The Government did not go
to pieces on that account; it was not thought
necessary to revolutionize the Senate. It was
one of those unfortunate things which, situ-
ated as human nature is, will happen (to use
a very old similitude) in the best-regulated
families.
Now, what are we to do? We are not, as
my friend seemed to intimate—he certainly
could not have intended it—to smother any
investigation. On the contrary we are to make
it, and all this discussion which we have had,
and a certain seeming heat which appears to
have been exhibited, have arisen entirely with-
out any necessity. The simple dispute among
gentlemen here is as to the way in which we
will accomplish an object which we all desire
to attain. Shall we have a joint select com-
mittee of the two Houses, or shall we have a
select or standing committee of the Senate?
Now, it seems to be conceded pretty much all
around that the wisest thing is to have a stand-
ing committee of the Senate. Then it is Whit-
tled down _again to the simple proposition:
shall we have a standing committee of the
Senate that shall appear in the rules like every
other standing committee, with a name which
defines the class of subjects over which it is to
exercise jurisdiction, or shall we accompany
the appointment of that standing committee
by a dissertation, or a manifesto, or a pre-
amble, or call it what you will, which shall be
plastered on to the back of it, a specific enum-
eration of all the things that it is supposed
it will be competent for that committee to do?
That is the question. That is really a question
of taste, and as a question of taste I shall not
presume, in this presence, to discuss it much.
There is no other dispute about this.
My honorable friend from Illinois says that
he wants r. standing committee to have general
powers to send for persons and papers. Has
he, however, thought of asking that the stand-
ing Committee on the Judiciary should have
general power to send for persons and papers ?
Would he not, although the chairman of that
committee and rather conservative, possibly
be the first man to resist a proposition of that
kind ? I have not the slightest doubt that he
would. He would say that it was an invasion
of private rights and of constitutional liberty
togive a general authority to a standing com-
mittee of this body to deprive a citizen of the
private rights that belonged to him, in respect
to his being compelled to dance attendance on
that committee and to submit to that commit-
tee his private affairs for investigation. It
would only be upon some special instance,
where a particular point was sent for investiga-
tion to that committee, that the Senate would
determine in the first instance whether it was
a matter of such grave occasion as to authorize
such a committee to require the attendance of
citizens and the production of papers; and
that is universal usage everywhere, founded
upon a constitutional philosophy that to my
mind has great force in it.
Now, it may be said that this old committee
which expired in the last Congress had broader
powers. So it had. It had broader powers
tor two reasons. In the first place, it was
formed at a time when those who composed
the majority of both Houses of Congress be-
lieved, rightly or wrongly, what I have sug-
gested one might suppose my friend from Illi-
nois believes now, that the whole body of
executive administration was going wrong in
every direction; that there was unfaithfulness,
not only as an exception, but as a rule, in the
collection and disbursement of the public
money; and that it was an emergency and a
crisis which would justify the two Houses of
Congress in appointing a committee to sit in
the recess (when they could not apply for
power to send for persons and papers) to
exercise that authority, just as we did in the
case of the Ku Klux Committee at the last
session. That was the reason of it originally,
and then, without any special consideration
afterward, that committee was continued in
the same form of power from time to time.
This is all, Mr. President, in the form that
this matter has now taken, that I wish to say.
Mr. PATTERSON. Mr. President, it seems
to me that we are discussing a matter of form
which is of no great importance. The impres-
sion seems to be that any committee which is
appointed to investigate frauds will go forth
like bloodhounds into all parts of the country
to hunt up all possible mischief and all possi-
ble fraud Now, I do not suppose any com-
mittee of reasonable, sensible men, such as
would be appointed on this Committee of Re-
trenchment from the Senate, would do any
such thing as that, and if I understand the
Senator from Illinois, his only object in moving
this amendment is to clothe the committee
with sufficient authority to make it of some
possible service to the country.
Many of the investigations, and the most
importantinvestigationsofthe jointCommittee
on Retrenchment, were made on the solicitation
of the heads of Departments during the recess
of Congress, for the reason that the heads of De-
partments had not the power to send for persons
and papers, and could not investigate alleged
frauds-in their Departments. Now, suppose
that a fraud should occur, or an ellegation of
fraud should be made during the recess of Con-
gress, the head of a Department could not make
the investigation which might be desirable.
If this committee was clothed with the author-
ity which it would have under this amend-
ment then this committee during the recess
of CongTess could investigate that fraud, could
send for persons and papers; not that the
committee would go and take all the private
papers, the business papers of men engaged
in trade or business of any kind in the country
and haul them over, turn them upside down,
and so interfere with the business of the country.
The simple object, as I understand it, is to
create a committee which shall have the power
of doing some good to the country.
If you deprive the committee of the power
to send for persons and papers, or to sit during
the recess of Congress, I think you might just
as well let the committee go. 1 am decidedly
in favor of having the committee a stand-
ing Senate committee, rather than a joint com-
mittee of the two Houses, although I think
there were gome advantages in thai", and
mainly in this way: members of each House
would then have cognizance of the matters
under investigation, and could explain them
fully and fairly to each House when the ques-
tion came up ; but, as we have seen, there are
inconveniences which perhaps overtop these
conveniences or advantages. I am therefore
in favor of the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois, because it will give the committee a
power which it cannot otherwise have, and
without which it will be useless.
Mr. ROBERTSON. 1 move to postpone
the present and all prior orders for the purposo
of taking up House bill No. 380.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Carpen-
ter in the chair.) The Senator can demand
the regular order.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I demand the regular
order.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the regular
order be postponed for the purpose of dispos-
ing of this resolution. It relates to the organ-
ization of the Senate, and it ought to be dis-
posed of one wav or the other.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Rhode Island.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator from South
Carolina will allow this debate to go on, I will
not make the motion, but leave the unfinished
business to be the regular order after this is
disposed of. I think we ought to dispose of
this. It relates to the organization of the
Senate.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Very well.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reso-
lution of the Senator from Rhode Island will
be regarded as before the Senate, and the
question is on the amendment offered by the
Senator from Illinois to the resolution.
Mr. THURMAN. I wish to correct an error
into which the Senator from Rhode Island fell.
He represented mo a3 having urged, against
the appointment of the Ku Klux committee
and the powers given to it, that there was a
constitutional objection to giving it authority
to send for persons and papers.
Mr. ANTHONY. I said the objection came
from that side of the Chamber. I certainly
thought the Senator objected to it.
Mr. THURMAN. I never made any such
objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. I was not sufficiently con-
fident in my own memory to name tlie Sen-
ator ; hut such objections certainly came from
that side, and I thought from the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not remember hav-
ing heard any such objections from any side.
The objection which was made to the appoint-
ment of that committee arose not upon the
first resolution to appoint it, because then I
believe the entire Senate, with but one excep-
tion, voted for the resolution that was sent
to the House of Representatives; but it was
because you passed the law first without wait-
ing for any inquiry by a committee, and made it
wholly unnecessary to appoint any such commit-
tee ; because the very information upon which
you should base legislation was rendered unne-
cessary by your passing the law, just as broad
a law as you could make it. Hence, I saw
nothing in the appointment of that committee
after that but an effort to get electioneering
capital. At least I thought so. That was the
reason why I objected to it, and not upon any
constitutional ground.
Now, in respect to this matter, I must con-
fess that I am a little surprised at the objec-
tions to the amendment of the Senator troni
Illinois, objections made by gentlemen, every
one ®f whom I venture to say voted for the
appointment of the joint Committee on Re-
trenchment, with far larger powers than would
be conferred on this committee if the amend-
ment of the Senator from Illinois should be
adopted. But let it be so, Mr. President.
The majority of the Chamber can shape this
resolution and pass it just as they please.
They can pass it in such wise that the country
will believe that there is an earnest determ-
ination to ascertain whether there are abuses
and frauds, and there are some people in the
country who will not take the round and white-
washing statement of the Senator from Ver-
mont, much as he is respected, as complete
and conclusive evidence of the purity of the
officeholders ot the United States. There are
some people uncharitable enough to require
further evidence than that, and who think that
something like a grand jury ought to sit to
make these inquiries. You may pass a reso-
lution that, will be regarded all over the coun-
try as evidence that the Senate iutetids to make
