986
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
to have the bill reported by him from the
Finance Committee considered for some days
to come, I trust we shall at once take up the
appropriation bill in order to so expedite the
business of the session that those who are in
favor of an early adjournment can accomplish
the purpose.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The question is
on postponing the customs bill.
Mr. FENTON. On that I eail for the yeas
and nays.
The vfas and nays were ordered.
The VICE PRESIDES 1'. The Chair will
state to the Senator from New York that the
bill will still remain the special order if it be
postponed, and the oldest special order on the
Calendar.
Mr. CORBETT. I understood the Senator
from New York to withdraw really this meas-
ure, to say that he was not anxious for it to be
pressed at this time. That being so, I think
the business of the session will be advanced by
taking up the appropriation bill.
The question on postponement being taken
by yeas and nays, resulted—yeas '29, nays 23 ;
as follows:
YEA8—-Messrs. Anthony, Boreman, Cameron, Car-
penter, Chandler. Clayton, Coie, Cwnkling, Corbett,
Cragin, Edmunds. Ferry of Michigan. Flanagan,
Frebnghuysen. Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas, Ham-
lin, llarlan, Hitnhcoek, Kellogg, Morton, Osborn,
Pomerov, Pool, Kauiscy, Sawyer, Spencer, Sprague,
and Vickcr.1—i.9.
NAYS —Messrs. Ames, Bayard, Blair, Casserly,
Fenton, Goldthwaite. Hamilton of Maryland, Hill,
Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Norwood. Rice, Robertson,
Sauisbury, Sherma.n, Sumner, Xhurman, Tipton,
Trumbull. West. Wilson, and Wright—
ABSKNT—Messrs. Alco n, J3rmvn!ow, Bucking-
ham, Caldwell, Cooper, Davisot'Kenrucky, Davis of
West Virginia. Feiry of Connecticut, Howe, Lewis,
Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Patter-
son, Pratt. Sehurz, Scott, Stevenson, Stewart.Stock-
ton, and Windom—21.
So the motion to postpone was agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
recurs on the remainder of the motion or' the
Senator from California, that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the executive,
legislative, and judicial appropriation bill, on
which the Senator from Illinois demanded a
division.
Mr. TRUMBULL. On taking up that bill
I call for the yeas and nays, giving notice that
if that bill is not taken up I shall then move
to take up the amnesty bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 31, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony. Boreman, Cam-
eron, Caipenter, Chandler,Clayton, Cole, Conkhng,
Corbett, Cragin, Edmunds, Ferrv of Michigan,
Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert. Hamilton ot
Texas, ilarl.in,Morrill ot Vermont, Morton, Oaborn,
Pomeroy.Pool, Ramsey, Sawyer, Sheiman, Spencer,
bumnor, Vicker.s, Wilson, and Wnght—31.
NaYS—Messrs. JJ.iyjn'd, Blair, Cji'serly, Goldth-
waite, Hamilton of Maryland, Hill. Hitchcock,
Johnston, ICeJIogsr, Kelly, Norwood, Rice, llobei t-
son, Saulsbury, Thurinan, Tipton, Trumbull, and
West—'18.
_ ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Bucking-
Tr.e^? Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, L>avis
of West Virginia, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Hamlin, Howe, Lewis, Logan, Morrill of Maine,
.Nye, Patterson, Pratt, Schurz, Scott, Sprague Ste-
venson, Stewart. Stockton, and Winaom—24.
So the motion was agreed to.
MESS iGE FROM THIS HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 534) to provide for hold-
ing the United States district court in the city
of Toledo; '
A bill (H. R. No. 1514) allowing respond-
ents in criminal cases in courts of the United
States to testily in their own behalf;
A bill (H. R. No. 1529) for the relief of
Francis A. Eastman, postmaster at Chicago,
Illinois;
A bill (H. R. No. 7533) to remove the dis-
abilities i mposed by the fourteenth amendment
to the Constitution upon certain persons therein
named in the State ot Georgia; arid
A bill (H, R. No. 1534) to authorize the
construction of a fire-proof building at Albany,
New York.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS
On motion of Mr. PATTERSON, it was
Ordered, That the papers in relation to the claim
of Joseph It. Curtis be taken from the files of the
Senate and referred to the Committee on Claims.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a communication from the Secretary
of War, transmitting, in compliance with the
Senate resolution of December 19,1871, inform-
ation in regard to the relationship of Touro
hospital, New Orleans, to the United States at
the time of its destruction ; which was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message of
the President of the United Slates, in answer
to a resolution adopted by the Senate on the
9th of December last, relative to questions
with Spain growing out of affairs in Cuba, and
to instructions to our naval commanders in
Cuban waters; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a message of
the President of the United States, in answer
to a resolution of the Senate of the 8th instant,
transmitting a report from the Secretary of
State and a copy of the case of the United
•States presented to the tribunal of arbitration
at Geneva; which was ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 1514) allowing respond-
ents in criminal eases in courts of itie United
Slates to testify in their own behalf, and the
bill (H. II. No. 534) to provide for holding
the United States district court in the city
of Toledo, were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred to I he Committee on the
Judiciarv.
The bill (H. R. No. 1529) for the relief of
Francis A. Eastman, postmaster at Chicago,
illino.s, was rea-l twice by its title, and re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Rotds.
. riie bill (H. R. No. 1533) to remove the
disabilities imposed by the fourteenth amend-
ment to the Constitution upon certain persons
therein named in the State of Georgia was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
select Committee on the Removal of Political
Disabilities.
'lhe bill (H. R. No. 1534) to authorize the
construction of a fire-proof building at Albany,
New York, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds.
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate, as in a Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (FT. R. No.
1060) making appropriations for the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1873,
and for other purposes.
Mr. BOREMAN. Before we proceed with
the consideration of the appropriation bill, I
should like to ask of the Senate the favor of
taking up a little bill for the relief of the
widow of adeceased soldier, which passed both
Houses at the last Congress and was lost in its
transmission to the President. Itappropriates
eleven or twelve hundred dollars. It has been
reported favorably again by the committee,
having been passed upon by both Houses and
met their sanction during the last Congress. I
think there will be no objection whatever to it.
Mr. COLE, I hope my friend will not seek
to thrust a private bill into the appropriation
bill m this way. Almost every Senator has a
bill or two or three of the same character.
If I yield to one, it will involve the necessity
in fairness of yielding to others. It puts me
in a very embarrassing situation.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California objects, and therefore the
object of the Senator from West Virginia can
only be attained by postponing the appropiia-
tion bill.
Mr. BOREMAN. I thought this was an
exceptional case, the bill not having reached
the President, having been lost through some
inadvertence.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is made
to the proposition.
Mr. BOREMAN. I do not wish to make a
motion to postpone the appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amend-
ments reported by the Committee on Appro-
priations will first be disposed of, in accord-
ance with the usage of the Senate.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, a few words
will suffice for all the explanations that I thinK
will be required by the Senat" in reference io
the bill as it is now before this body. The
Committee on Appropriations have given it a
good deal of attention, having been engaged
upon it I think altogether about two weeks,
sitting almost daily during that, time. They
have proposed quite a liuintier of amendments,
and nearly all of them are in the interest of
economy. Of course, since the bill came to
the Senate from theHouseof Representatives,
the heads of the Departments have observed
the necessity for some changes in it, and we
have had communications from tlie vaiious
Departments of the Government asking modi-
fications, in order that they may better per-
form the duties of the several bureaus and
Departments.
The House of Representatives sent the bill
to ihe Senate in a better form, so far as the
amount to be appropriated is coi.eeriied, limn
was the case last year, aud ihe reductions in
the expenses of the Departnit nis of the Gov-
ernment this year are very maiked. In the
first place, as to the forces etnploj ed in the vari-
ous Departments, ihere has been a reiu'tance
about increasing their, and they have not been
increased except in cases of "extreme emer-
gency. There has been a reduction of force
in some of the Departments, which is justified
by the completion of labors in those Depart-
ments, labors in some instances that had been
devolved on the Departments by reason of the
war, and that may now be easily, as it is
believed, dispensed with.
Theie was a proposition in the bill as it
came from the House to increase the force in
the office of the Commissioner of Cm-toins,
which the Senate committee have not. seen fit
to acquiesce in, and they have left the force
in that office the same as it has buen for some
years past. In the Post Office Department a
proposition was embodied in the bill from the
House to increase the force. As that, was not
embodied in any of the estimates sent to Con-
gress the committee of the Senate did not see
fit to acquiesce m the proposition of the House
to increase that force, though it is possible
the increase maybe rendered necessary by the
growth of that establishment. The Senate
committee have gone more into detad in por-
tions of the bill in specifying the particular
causes for which appropriations are made.
This is the case in reference to the cmp!oj63
in several of lhe branches of the public service.
The principal item of increase that has been
proposed by the Senate committee to the bill
as it came to us from the House of'Represent-
atives is in reference to an item found on the
thirty-third page of the bill for the collection,
sale-keeping, transfer, and disbursement of
the public revenue. The House proposed
$50,000 for that service, the amount that was
apptopriated last year for it. A letter from
lhe Secretary of the Treasury—winch letter, I
believe, sets forth that there is a deficiencv for
that service in the current fiscal year—led the
committee of the Senate to believe that, the
amount, asked for bv him, $100,000, was not
m excess of the requirements of the service,
and they recommend that amendment.
In reference t.o the service iu ihe vaiious
mints and assay offices in the country, the com-
