38
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-BESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 2,
Ho. op Ei?rs.
Educational Fund—Mr. Bright.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
right belongs. This would save to the laboring
millions of people in this country millions of
money now paid out in carrying on this cur-
rency machine.
Kindred to and growing out of the currency
question is the banking system of the Govern-
ment. The Government of the United States
is paying to the banks of this country interest
on about three hundred and thirty million dol-
lars of bonds deposited with the Government,
and furnishing the banks with a circulating
medium of §300,000,000 for banking purposes,
free of interest and without charge to them,
and at a cost to the people of $20,000,000,
and perhaps more. Under the old system of
banking in this country, when the States char-
tered the banks, the cost to the country was
nothing. The banks then paid all expenses;
now the people do it. Then interest was low;
now it is high. This power should be remitted
also to the States. Here are burdens of which
the people should be relieved.
The Government pays to its creditors over
one hundred and twenty-five million dollars
annually of interest. By law this interest is
exempt from taxation, while that much interest
made by the people in any other way than in-
terest on the public debt would be taxed oyer
six million, dollars. This should be remedied
and all classes put on the same footing.
The War Department now in a time of peace
costs the people of this country over thirty-five
million dollars, while the Navy costs only about
nineteen million dollars. This should be re-
duced at least to the same cost of the Navy
Department, which would save to the people
$15,000,000.
The tariff as at present adjusted is onerous
to the people. It is so high on some articles
that it amounts to a prohibition, and when this
ensues the increased price of the article caused
by the tariff goes not into the Treasury of the
United States, but into the coffers of the man-
ufacturer. The rich can build factories, the
poor cannot; therefore this tariff is raised
from all classes, including the laborer, for the
' benefit of the rich. Let the tariff be reduced
to a revenue standard, without discrimination.
This would save millions more to the people
of the United States.
The excess of receipts by the Government
over its expenditures, including interest on the
public debt, is over ninety million dollars. The
officers of the Government claim to retain
$50,000,000 annually to apply to the extin-
guishment of the debt. Retain this and there is
still a surplus of forty millions of money of the
burden of which the people might be relieved
by proper legislation.
The salaries of the numerous officers of this
Government were fixed at a time when the
currency of this country was worth much less
than it is now, an average of forty per cent,
perhaps. If the salaries then fixed were a
fair compensation then, they would now be a
fair compensation reduced to meet the rise in
the value of the currency. Do this and you
save millions more to the people.
The multiplication of officers by the Gov-
ernment, as well as the degeneracy of the
incumbents, has increased wonderfully the
number and amount of defalcations. The
word "millions" will scarcely cover the ex-
tent of the violations of trusts confided to the
officers of the Government. Abolish all the
offices with pay and without labor, abolish all
offices created for the man and not required
by the wants of the people. Establish a re-
form in the civil service of the country which
will work out of office all unfaithful agents, all
the thieves, all the plunderers of the public
Treasury, and millions of dollars more will be
saved to the people of this country.
The expenditures of the Government for the
last fiscal year, exclusive of interest, vrere a
little over the enormous sum of one hundred
and sixty-six million dollars, and that, too, in
a time of " profound peace." The reason for
this heavy outlay is apparent.
Mr. Speaker, it is out of the power of the
minority of this Congress to effect ^ these
changes; it is in the power of the majority.
The minority demand of the majority that
they take such action during the present Con-
gress as will produce the changes demanded
and required to diminish the burdens of the
people, to lighten their load; for it is evident
that every dollar taken off by decreasing the
taxes of the people increases thereby the
educational fund of the country. May we not
hope for, raay we not look for this remedial
legislation? Donate not only this $2,000,000
for educational purposes, but donate in the
manner indicated a sum which will approxi-
mate one hundred million dollars.
Educational Fund.
SPEECH OF HON. J. M. BRIGHT,
of tennessee,
In the House of Representatives,
February 2, 1872.
The House having under consideration the bill
(II. R. No. 1043) to establish an educational fund,
and to apply the proceeds of the public lands to the
education ofthe people-
Mr. BRIGHT said:
Mr. Speaker: It is a matter of regret with
me that the important subject of education has
become involved with a question of party poli-
tics. I do not desire to enter into any recrim-
ination with the honorable gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hoar,] who saw proper a
few days ago to allude to the State of Tennes-
see in its educational interest. I beg leave to
call the attention of the House to the language
used by the gentleman in his speech of Jan-
uary 25:
" Look at Tennessee to-day, under the rule of that
party, with a school system in but twenty-two or
twenty-three out of ninety-one counties, and the
school system, although adopted by a vote of the
people, not actually put in force in all those. In
that State, Mr. Speaker—I have it from the most
trustworthy information—there can be foundcounty
after county in which there has not been a child at
school for twelve months, and will not be a child at
school for twelve months to come."
I acquit the honorable gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts from any intention to falsify the
facts ; but I am persuaded that incautiously he
has been betrayed into a statement which
scandalizes the educational reputation of Ten-
nessee. If the remark had been made in
relation to the operation of the common-school
system in Tennessee, I might have passed it
unheeded; but inasmuch as it was unexcep-
tional, inasmuch as it referred to the general
educational system of Tennessee, I feel myself
bound to correct this statement and pronounce
it without any foundation.
Tennessee has a common-school system and
an independent system of education. That
independent system has its academies and
schools in every county of the State, though
the common-school system may not be in
operation throughout the State. Mr. Speaker,
it would be alarming to the intelligence of the
nation were there to be a literal fulfillment of
the expression of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, if it could truly be said that there
was "county after county iu which there has
not been a child at school for twelve months,
and will not be a child at school for twelve
months to come!"
I undertake to say that you may give the
gentleman a search-warrant and a committee;
he may explore that State from its blue mount-
ains in the east to the groat Father of Waters
in the West, and he could not produce a veri-
fication of the unauthorized statement. True,
Tennessee, in its educational statistics, may
not compare favorably with the ancient Com-
monwealth which he in part represents. I do
not stand here to calumniate her system of
education. I revere it. I revere old Harvard
and many of the sons whom she has sent
throughout this land. But while the gentle-
man is drawing these discriminations, let him
and every other sensible man understand that
they are invidious and unfair. Massachusetts
has aterritorial extent far less than Tennessee.
She has the age of centuries upon her head.
Tennessee has a pioneer population still linger-
ing in the aisles of her primeval forests, which
they have been engaged in reducing so as to
prepare the country for the agriculturist and
for the perfect occupation of civilization. The
gentleman ought to remember that there is a
difference in circumstances and in age.
The common-school system requires the
growth of time. The more confined the terri-
tory and dense the population the more suc-
cessful it will be in its application. It gen-
erally works outward from the centers of
population. Massachusetts _ has only 7,800
square miles of territory, while Tennessee has
45,600 square miles. Massachusetts has a
population of 187 to the square mile, Tennes-
see only 27J to the square mile. Massachu-
setts commenced the education of her people
at least as early as 163(5, the reputed date of
the founding of Harvard, while Tennessee
was not admitted into the Union until 1796,
and commenced her career in the wilderness
infested with wild beasts and savages.
Mr. HOAR. Will it be disagreeable to the
gentleman to have me interrupt him?
Mr. BRIGHT. I have not time to yield
now. I will answer any question, if my time
can be extended.
Mr. HOAR. I should like to verify the
fact.
Mr. BRIGHT. I say you cannot verify the
fact by the educational report, if that is
what you allude to. And, inasmuch as the
educational system of Tennessee has been
alluded to, Mr. Speaker, I stand here to pro-
nouuee the zealous and ready cooperation of
all the departments, legislative, administra-
tive, and scholastic, in the State of Tennessee,
to bring it up to the highest standard of excel-
lence. And the gentleman from Massachu-
setts will find, from the educational report
which I see he has before him, that in conse-
quence of the financial condition of Tennessee
she could not resort to a coercive system of
common schools, and she had to resort to the
system of county schools, authorizing the
counties to tax the people in an amount
n,ot exceeding the State tax on the taxable
property, which taxes were to be added to the
apportionment of school funds to which each
of the counties might be entitled out of the
common-school fund provided by the State—
that is, the interest on $1,500,000, the State
tax on polls, all escheated property, and all
gifts of property to the State not restricted to
another use.
Tennessee has not been indifferent to the
establishment of a system of common schools.
As early as 1823 her Legislature dedicated
to common-school purposes the proceeds of
all the vacant lands lying north and east of
what was known as the congressional reser-
vation line. By act of 1827 the Legislature
enlarged the fund by dedicating a part of tho
capital of the new State bank ; by the pro-
ceeds of the sales of the Hiwassee lands,
after the extinguishment ofthe Cherokee title
in 1825; by all the lands previously appro-
priated ; by all the other vacant lands in the
State belonging to the State: by all the rents
and profits of the school lauds; by donations
made to the State by Mason Lee of South
Carolina; by the donation of five thousand
acres of land made by John Rice; by all other
donations to the State unless restricted to a
