1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2779
ant made proof with regard to his loyalty, and
•where the attorney for the Government failed
to introduce rebutting testimony under the
decision of the Supreme Court, and therefore
the record would show the loyalty, because
there would be only one side to the case. Now,
I propose to let the amendment read as Ijudge
there will be no objection to it:
Provided, That on any judgment heretofore ren-
dered in favor of claimants, in which the question of
loyalty was not passed on, the court, on application
of the claimant, may hear, determine, and certify as
to the question ofloyalty.
That will allow them to take proof with
regard to the question of loyalty; and if the
proof is not sufficient, then they will certify
accordingly. It will allow the Government
to rebut with other proof, having waived the
opportunity of rebutting before.
Mr. EDMONDS. I am willing to trust the
attorney of the Government with the record.
If he has not defended the interests of the
United States in obedience to the statute, I
am willing to pay the money.
Mr. ALCORN. Very well.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it much better as
it is.
Mr. ALCORN. Very well. Now I move
further to amend the amendment by adding
what I send to the desk.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, directed, without delay, to pay to the lawful
claimants or owners, or their legal representatives,
the proceeds arising from the sales of all cotton
seized in the possession of said claimants or owners
or their agents, east of the Mississippi river, after
the 13th day of June, 1863, and also of all cotton so
seized west of the Mississippi river after the 24th
day of Juno, 1865, which have since been covered
into the Treasury, such seizures being Made after
the surrender of the armies of the rebellion and after
tho issuing of thePresident's proclamation declaring
that insurrection no longer existed and removing all
restrictions upon commercial intercourse; but in
case any claimant or owner shall bo dissatisfied with
the decision of the Secretary, such claimant orowner
may at any time within one year from such decision
present his claim to the Court of Claims for adjudi-
cation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to lay that amend-
ment on the table.
Mr. CARPENTER. I ask my friend to
withdraw that motion for a moment.
Mr. ALCORN. T offered the amendment,
and as soon as the amendment was read I
wished to say something on it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Mississippi is entitled to speak on the amend-
ment if it is in order under the thirtieth rule,
and no point of order is made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I withdraw the motion.
Mr. HILL. I ask the Senator from Missis-
sippi if he would prefer to say what he has to
say to morrow.
Mr. ALCORN. The Senate would be in
better condition then, I judge, to hear. There
is scarcely a quorum in the Senate now. I
should be very glad to have this amendment
passed upon by a full Senate.
Mr. COLE. There are a good many more
than a quorum of the Senate here now. There
were several out at lunch, but they have come
in since.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Mississippi is entitled to the floor. Does he
give way to the Senator from Georgia?
Mr. ALCORN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HILL. I give way for a momentto the
Senator from Oregon.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to have a
bill passed.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I object to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from Georgia takes the floor to move an ad-
journment, he cannot give way to any other
Senator to present a bill.
Mr. HILL. I move an adjournment.
Mr. ALCORN. I merely gave way for an
adjournment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Mississippi yields to the Senator from
Georgia, who moves an adjournment.
Mr. POMEROY. Can the Senator from
Mississippi yield the floor to prevent a person
moving to lay the amendment on the table?
The VICE PRESIDENT. By parliament-
ary iaw the Senator offering an amendment is
entitled to the floor as soon as it is reported.
He is regarded as standing and waiting to
address the Chair upon it if he claims the floor.
If he does not claim the floor, then a motion
to lay on the table is in order. He stated,
however, that he intended to explain the
amendment as soon as it should be reported
by the Secretary. The Chair stated that if no
point of order was made upon it the Senator
from Mississippi certainly would be entitled to
speak to the amendment. He then yielded to
the Senator from Georgia, who moved that the
Senate adjourn.
Mr. POMEROY. My point is that he can-
not yield for any specific purpose; he must
yield the floor, and then the Chair can award
the floor to whoever claims it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair recog-
nized the Senator from Georgia, according to
the usage of the Senate. When a Senator is
entitled to the floor to speak, he may yield
by usage to another Senator who moves an
adjournment without losing his right to the
floor.
Mr. CORBETT. I should like to ask a
question. Can the Senator from Mississippi
yield to me for the passage of a bill and still
retain the floor?
The VICE PRESIDENT. He cannot yield
except-for amotion to adjourn. That is as far
as the courtesy of the Senate allows him to
keep the floor. If he yields for business, he
yields absolutely.
Mr. CORBETT. Then I will not ask the
Senator to yield.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Mississippi has yielded to the Senator
from Georgia, who moves that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to ; there being
on a division—-yeas 18, noes 26.
Mr. ALCORN. Mr. President 
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a point of order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Mississippi will suspend his remarks till
the point of order is slated.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My point of order is that
this amendment is providing for the payment
of a private claim.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair sus-
tains the point of order. This is certainly an
amendment to provide for a private claim, or
rather a collection of private claims, and it
cannot be received unless it be to carry out
the provisions of an existing law; and if there
is any existing law that authorizes these claim-
ants to receive money out of the Treasury, the
amendment would uot be needful. No amend-
ment can be received, even if it is moved
by the direction of a standing committee, or
in pursuance of an estimate of the head of
a Department, if it provides for a private
claim. The last part of the thirtieth rule
provides—
" No amendment shall be received whoso object
is to provide for a private claim unless it be to carry
out the provisions of an existing law or a treaty
stipulation/'
Mr. ALCORN. I yield to the decision of
the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
also state that this is an additional item of
appropriation which, by the thirtieth rule,
should one day before it is offered be referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, as it ap-
propriates a large amount of money out of the
Treasury. The question now is on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Mob-
bill] as amended by the Senate, upon which
the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. BOREMAN. I am paired with my col-
league, [Mr. Davis.] I should vote for the
amendment and he would vote against it if he
were here.
Mr. EDMUNDS. With the assent of my
friend from South Carolina, [Mr. Sawyer,] I
will arrange to transfer our respective pairs
and vote "yea."
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. On this
question I am paired with the Senator from
Iowa, [Mr. Wright.] If present he would
vote '• yea," and 1 should vote "nay."
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from Vermont,
[Mr. Morrill,] the mover of this amend-
ment, who if present would vote "yea," is
paired with the Senator from Texas, Mr.
Hamilton, who would vote "nay."
Mr. NYE. I am paired with the Senator
from Missouri, [Mr. Schurz.] If he were
present he would vote "nay" and I should vote
"yea."
Mr. OSBORN. On this question I am paired
with the Senator from New Jersey, [Mr.
Stockton.] If he were here he would vote
"yea," and I should vote "nay."
Mr. PATTERSON. I am paired with the
Senator from Delaware, [Mr. Saulsbury.]
If he were present he would vote "nay" and
I should vote "yea."
Mr. RANSOM. I am paired with the Sen-
ator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.] If he
were here he would vote "yea" and I " nay."
Mr. SAWYER. Under the arrangement
with the Senator from Vermont I vote " nay."
Mr. WILSON. I wish to state that the Sen-
ator from Ohio [Mr.TnuKMAN] and the Senator
from New York [Mr. Conkling] are paired.
The call of the roll having been concluded,
Mr. BLAIR, (who had at first voted in the
negative.) I ask leave to withdraw my vote.
I had paired with the Senator from Michigan,
[Mr. Chandler,] and I voted in the negative
under misapprehension. If he were present
he would vote in favor of the amendment and
I should vote against it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator will
be allowed to withdraw his vote if there be no
objection. There are four Senators present,
similarly situated, who are paired with Sena-
tors who are absent. The vote of some of
them seems to be necessary to make a quorum.
Mr. OSBORN. By the consent of the Sena-
tor from North Carolina, [Mr. Ransom,] who
would vote "nay" and myself "yea," I am
willing to vote provided that will make a
quorum, he and 1 exchanging our pairs.
Mr. STEVENSON. The Senator from
New Jersey [Mr. Stockton] desired me to
say that he was paired with the Senator from
Florida,-[Mi-. Osborx.]
The VICE PRESIDENT. And the Senator
from North Carolina [Mr. Ransom] is paired
with the Senator from Indiana who is absent,
[Mr. Morton.] It is proposed to transfer the
Dairs, not affecting the result.
* Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Florida
is right. It simply resolves itself into a pair
between the Senator from New Jersey and the
Senator from Indiana.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Leavingthe two
absent Senators paired against each other, and
the two present Senators at liberty to vote.
Mr. Osborn thereupon voted in the affirm-
ative, and Mr. Ransom in the negative.
The result was then announced—yeas 22,
nays 17 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Carpenter, Cole, Corbett, Edmunds,
Fen ton, Ferry of Michigan, PrelinghuyseD, Gil-
bert, Hamlin. Harlan, Howe, Morrill of Maine,
Osborn, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Scott, Wilson, and
Windom—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn. Bayard, Casserly, Cooper,
Goidthwaitc, Hill, Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis,
Kansom, Sawyer. Spencer, Stevencon, Tipton,
Trumbull, and Vickers—17.
ABSENT—Messrs. Blair, Boreman, Brownlow,
Cameron, Chandler, Clayton. Conkling, Cragin,
Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Ferry
of Connecticut, Flanagan, Hamilton of Maryland,
Hamilton of Texas. Hitchcock, Logan, Morrill of
Vermont, Morton, Norwood, Nye, Patterson, Pool,
Pratt. Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sehurz, Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman,
West, and Wright— 35.
So the amendment, as amended, was
to.
