18T2.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONG-BESSIONAL GLOBE.
39
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Educational Fund—Mr. Bright.
Ho. of Reps.
different use ; by four hundred shares of stock
owned by the State in the old bank of the State
at Knoxville ; by all escheated lands, andby
all the personal effects of intestates not passing
under the distribution laws of the State. These
funds, with any others that might be thereafter
appropriated, were consolidated, and secured
inviolably to common schools by the amended
constitution of Tennessee in 1834. These
funds were placed as a part of the capital in
the Bank of Tennessee by act of the Legisla-
ture in 1838. Of the dividends of this bank
$100,000 were annually set apart for common
schools and $18,000 to academies, to be ap-
portioned according to the scholastic popu-
lation of children between the ages of six and
sixteen.
This system continued in operation until
suspended by the recent civil war. After the
war the Bank of Tennessee was put in liquid-
ation by a winding-up act, and all its choses
in action were placedin the hands of a trustee
for collection. The specie of the bank, or
a part at least, was returned to the State
authorities after the war, and by them con-
verted into seven-thirty bonds of the United
States, amounting to $618,250, and perhaps
more. These bonds, by some contrivance, in
1866 or 1867, as well as I remember, found
tlieir way into the Tennessee National Bank
at Memphis.
The honorable Representative from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Hoar] would have ascertained
another fact in relation to that educational fund
if he had been as astute in prying into the cracks
and crevices of his own party organization as
he has been into those of the Democratic party.
He would have ascertained that after the peo-
ple had been scourged by war, plundered to
poverty, almost panting for life, liis partyloaded
them with accumulated millions of public debt,
a"nd seized upon the school fund and sunk it in
the bank to which I have alluded. Only about
two hundred and seventy-three thousand dol-
lars of this fund have been recovered, and the
balance may never be recovered. That is what
your party did for education in Tennessee.
The people of Tennessee, by their delegates
in convention in 1870, rededicated the original
school fund to the inviolable use of common
schools, also appropriating the State taxes de-
rived from polls. The Democratic Legislature
of Tennessee, in 1870 and 1871, reorganized
the common schools, assumed the payment of
the interest on the whole amount of the school
fund, and authorized the counties to levy the
school tax as I have before stated.
Mr. Speaker, so far as the population of
Tennessee is concerned, while we may deplore
the illiteracy of a part, we are proud of it m
the main. Though they may not have had the
polish of a Massachusetts school, we are proud
of the magnanimous and heroic _ virtues of
our Seviers and Shelbys and their mountain
troops, whom they led to King's mountain,
where they found the pivot point of the Ameri-
can Revolution, and there struck ablow deemed
by Mr. Jefferson to be the seal of American
independence. It was the end of disaster to
the American arms. The tide turned. The
battles of Cowpens and Guilford Court-House,
followed in rapid succession, and the final
blow at Yorktown. The descendants of the
King's mountain heroes and the descendants
of the other pioneers of Tennessee, a race of
people with as good brains, muscles, morals,
and virtues as are to be found on the Ameri-
can continent, are the men whom the gentle-
man would degrade with the imputation of
the grossest ignorance. What Tennesseean
does not remember with pride our Jacksons,
Polks, Carrolls, Grundys Whites, Bells, Fos-
ters, and a long line of statesmen and patri-
ots too numerous to mention on this occasion,
as well as her noble peasantry ?
But a few moments remain of my time, and
I beg to call the attention of the House to the
character of the bill. It is to be regretted
that party politics have become involved in
this great measure. The bill has several seri-
ous, if notinsuparable objections, but I believe
these objections can be obviated, and a bill
be perfected to harmonize all views constitu-
tional or otherwise; and I believe it is the
duty of this House to take deliberate consid-
eration and perfect such a bill.
There are objections to the bill to which I
call the attention of the House. There is not
time to enter into the constitutional question.
The point made by the distinguished gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Siiellabarger] did not
reach the vexed question which is now before
us. I presume no lawyer will enter into a
controversy with him on the proposition that
a donor in giving a trust fund may attach any
condition within the scope of law on that trust
fund. But, on the contrary, it is insisted that
when the condition is unconstitutional, then
the donor has no right to make any legal gift.
There is the point where the constitutional
question impinges. While I believe the bill
is subject to constitutional objections, time
will not permt me to discuss them. I propose
to point out a few of the objections to the bill:
1. There is no security of the fund against
congressional change. Thebill, should it pass,
will be purely a legislative act, and would be
subject to repeal or modification by any future
Congress. [Here the hammer fell—ten min-
utes having expired. Mr. Bright asked leave
to print the balance of his remarks, which was
granted.] The mere fact that it is styled "a
perpetual fund," does not impress upon it the
character of a " vested fund," irrevocable and
unalterable. The corpus of the fund does not
pass to the States as grantees or trustees, but it
is to be retained in the possession of the United
States, and they, as the grand almoners of na-
tional education, are to distribute the five per
cent, interest on the educational bonds, and that
distribution is contingent on the compliance
on the part of the States with certain condi-
tions, one of which is that they should provide
by law for the free education of their'children
between six and sixteen years of age. Whether
the States have complied with this and other
conditions is to be adjudged first by the Commis-
sioner of Education, and then by Congress in
the event of appeal. Therefore, the will of
Congress is the foundation of the system. The
will of Congress, subject to the domination
of sectional jealousy, party animosity, and of
historic changeability, to constitute the founda-
tion of a great educational system! Preposter-
ous ! It is nothing but the metaphor of the
house built upon the eand. Looking at it in
another aspect, if the structure should be
erected in the outset through the influence of
sectional forces, it would look " like the lean-
ing tower of Pisa." No doubtful or unstable
fund can ever be made the foundation of a
great educational system. Place the system
on the foundation of vested right, which is the
only granite base of the law ; pass the funds
to the States as trustees for the purpose of
education forever, and it will be vested sa.e.
2. But should I be wrong in my first posi-
tion, and the fund in fact should be a perpetual
fund, secured by the bonds of the United States
bearing interest at the rate of five per cent,
per annum, then the advocates of this fund
must be driven to another horn of a dilemma.
This view of it would connect and blend the
system of education with the public bonded
debt of the country. _
In providing for the perpetuity ot the school
fund to that extent it would perpetuate our
public debt. Here we come upon the antagon-
izing views of different political parties. One
party, on principles of economy, in connection
with other considerations, advocate the pay-
ment of the public debt as soon as practicable;
another party, from other considerations, will
seek to perpetuate it.
The public debt always travels with its ugly
concomitant, taxation. Indeed, anationaldebt
and taxation are bound together like the twins
of Siam ; and, however much some might
desire the promotion of education, they might
be willing to tear down any system which would
entail upon them and their posterity a per-
petual debt. Any system of national educa-
tion has much to fear from the power of a peo-
ple who are stung with taxation for its sup-
port, and particularly so when the authority
of the Government to levy a tax for such pur-
pose is called in question. I would say, no
alliance of education in the States with the
public debt of the United States.
The wisdom and soundness of this view
derives great force from another consideration.
It makes the noble cause of education, by per-
petuating the national debt, tributary to the
system of protective taxation, which fosters one
branch of industry at the expense of another.
It is not necessary to decide whether the pro-
tective policy is right or wrong in this contro-
versy. It is enough to know that a public
debt calls for taxation, and taxation furnishes
the occasion for the claims of the protective
policy on one hand and its resistance on the
other. It, is a question of forbidding antece-
dents. On a former occasion it convulsed
and shook the country to its center.
The protectionists cry out to the Government
against the competition of foreign labor, "Save
me Cassius or 1 sink!" The great mass of
laboring consumers reply, "Down with that
hocus-pocus science that smiles in your face
while it picks your pocket!"
Besides this the protective policy is swayed,
to a greater or less extent by the financial
exigencies of the Government and the vacilla-
tion of political parties. Then I would say,
that it would imperil any system of education
(other objections aside) to make it the adjunct
of a protective tariff.
Again : these educational bonds in the hands
of an incautious and facile Administration may
become involved in the great national bank-
ing and railroad operations, thus making the
proposed educational system feeders to these
great monopolies which have already grown to
alarming magnitude in the country.^
8. My third objection to the bill is that it is
nothing but a delusion. It does not propose
to grant the public lands to the States, nor
does it propose to give the net cash proceeds
to the States for educational purposes^ but
requires the Secretary of the Treasury of the
United States to cause one half the net pro-
ceeds "tobe invested in bonds of the United
States, bearing interest at the rate of five per
cent, per annum." These bonds are not
assigned to the State in trust for educational
purposes, but they "shall constitute a per-
petual fund in the Treasury of the United
States, to be known as the national educa-
tional fund." It is made the duty of the
Commissioner of Education, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Interior, to appor-
tion to the several States, Territories, and Dis-
trict of Columbia, upon the basis of popula-
tion, " one half of the proceeds of the publics
lands for the previous year, together with the
whole amount of the income of the said edu-
cational fund." This fund w to be paid over
to the States on certain conditions, which will
be noticed in another connection. Assuming
that Congress will keep its faith with this fund,
it will be perceived that one half the net pro-
ceeds of the lands are to be invested in five
per cent, bonds. This fund will increase in
principal and interest until the public lands
are exhausted by sale. These bonds are
nally to remain in the Treasury, and the me
per cent, annual interest is to be distributed to
the States and Territories.
