3676
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
allow our vision to be dazzled by this enormous
commerce, present or prospective, of Japan
and China when we are providing a means
to carry that commerce. Let us not run into
needless extravagance to accomplish a par-
pose which we have and will have under oar
control.
No one desires more than I do the increase
of commerce; no one glories more in the dar-
ing enterprise of the American people upon
the ocean ; but when the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Shellabarger] talks about the means
of increasing transportation, of increasing the
facilities for carrying the commodities of com-
merce, when he would secure the supremacy
of the ocean, I can point him to a means very
much more efficient than that of taxing the
people or taking money from the Treasury. I
would say to him, adopt the simple, common-
sense remedy of purchasing the means of car-
rying commerce. Other nations make ships
more cheaply than we do; yet, blindfolded,
with our hands tied, we, in the face of all our
knowledge upon this subject, refuse to buy the
cheap means of carrying on commerce. With
a full knowledge that ships may be built, at
two thirds the cost here, upon the Clyde ; that
we cannot compete with the ship-yards there
in making the means of transportalion; that
we can purchase at a low rate the best ships
in the world, we will not do so, and humbly
surrender to other nations a vast and profit-
able carrying trade.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. How will we run
them?
Mr. COBURN. How will we run them?
We will put our sailors on them, build our
fires in them, and run them as we run ships
built in this country. 1 see nothing in that
question.
Why is it we cannot compete? What is the
very nature of this matter? When you get
out of the borders of our country; when you
get upon the high seas, you come in compe-
tition with the vessels constructed at a cheap
rate of labor, and in competition with sailors
who may be hired at a lower rate in foreign
countries. You can put up no barrier of de-
fense to our carriers on the ocean. What have
we done during the last, week on this question ?
We have cut down all these things and admit-
ted free of duty ship stores and material of
all kinds going into the construction of ships.
We have attempted to furnish cheap transport-
ation by getting cheap ships. As I said be-
fore, we should go further and carry out fully
and rationally this policy, and let in the man-
ulactured article alongside of the raw material
of ships.
1 voted the other day to let in all the raw
materials and all the ship stores necessary to
construct these vessels in our own country,
but 1 say the true policy to put our sailors on
the ocean is in addition to let in the manu-
factured ships ; to buy them ready made ; to
secure them at once. Let them coine in.
Members talk about banishing the American
flag from the ocean! In order to put it upon
the ocean, to fly it from a thousand mast-heads
upon all the seas, let us allow our citizens to
purchase ships abroad. Wilhin twelve months
from the adoption of such a policy our carry-
ing trade upon the ocean, the number of our
seamen, the control of commerce would vastly
increase. On this question the whole nation
is interested in cheap freights. On one side
stand all the manufacturers, the farmers, the
producers, and the consumers, and on the
other side stand the men who build the ships.
Why grant these enormous subsidies ; why
spend so lavishly our treasures from year to
year; why waste our substance in fostering a
business with an unnatural growth, when we
can pursue a course that will give it instant
and permanent vigor?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Speaker, 1 feel some
embarrassment in rising to address the House
again on this subject after the terrible speech
of my honorable friend from Ohio, [Mr. Mok-
gan,] and the speech of my honorable friend
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall.] The
loudest voice, with stentorian lungs sufficiently
strong to drown all others, has denounced this
as naked robbery, as an enormous outrage,
as a miserable subterfuge, as disgraceful to
Congress, as the production of a hired lobby.
One gentleman offers to prove it, and the other
offers to back up that proof. If any denun-
ciations would frighten gentlemen from their
propriety, such terrible words as those we have
heard this morning would have frightened those
on this side of the House with whom I am in
the habit of acting away from the support of
this measure. But so far as I am concerned
those denunciations have had no effect upon
me, and 1 am willing to go to the people con-
fidently expecting their approval for my action
in supporting this measure.
I will give the reasons why I shall vote for
this amendment of the Senate. There are
here two distinct propositions, which can be
much better supported before the people than
the proposition heretofore made, whatever gen-
tlemen may say. The first is a proposition to
carry the mails ofothe United States, to carry
the mails to Japan and China, to Yokohama,
in Japan, and to Shanghai, and to Hong Kong,
and other ports in China; to carry them, indeed,
wherever thesesteamsbip lines are extended—
to carry them to Calcutta and Bombay. For
doing all this we are only to pay what is pro-
vided for in this amendment. This will induce
me to support the measure as a measure for
carrying the mails, just as I would vote for an'
appropriation for the purpose of carrying the
mails to Oregon and Montana, where there is
now no compensation in money.
But they propose further in this bill to com-
pel these men who receive this compensation
to carry the mails all along the line of the
Pacific const from San Francisco to Panama,
through the whole line of the Pacific coast in
America. One million dollars, I will say, is
the cheapest compensation for which this Gov-
ernment could have its mails carried, not only
all along the line of the Pacific coast, within
the limits of the United States and elsewhere,
but to China and Japan.
But there is another proposition in this bill
of greater importance than that; and that is,
the steamers hereafter accepting ot' this service
are to be adapted for use in the naval service
of the United States in case of war. They are
to be acceptable in this regard to the Secretary
of the Navy and the Postmaster General. 1
never expect my countrymen to keep up stand-
ing armies and naval forces to compete with
the great Powers of Europe. I never wish to
see an army of three hundred thousand or five
hundred thousand men kept up in this country,
or to see hundreds and hundreds of ships upon
the ocean under the Government naval flag-
Here is a subsidy which in case of war enables
us to have upon the ocean, as we have upon the
land, a militia. Here is the militia of the seas,
the militia of the seas that is to carry our flag
through all Japan, and China, and the Bast
Indies, to the island of Ceylcrti, and to Bombay,
and to display it in every quarter of the world.
Here is a mihtiaof the seas worth ten thousand
standing armies for the honor of our coun-
try, for the support of our commerce, and
for immediate and active use, in the event of
war, to maintain our dignity against any foreign
armed ships that may be brought against us.
Upon these two points "alone I am ready to
appeal to the people ; first, as to carrying the
mail, next as to the use of these vessels for
naval purposes. There is no cheaper, no more
economical method of preparation for naval
warfare than is here proposed.
Mr. MORGAN. Will the gentleman allow
me- 
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman must excuse
me for not yielding to him. I say there is no
more economical preparation than this. What
are the expenses of our Navy—a navy that
floats along the whole coast of Japan, about
the Loo Choo islands, at Hakodadi, along the
Russian coast, from the Russian coast to Hong
Kong, and throughout the whole of the Indian
and Arabian seas, and more or less upon the
whole Pacific ocean?
Now, here is a proposition which will enable
the Secretary of the Navy to withdraw, if not
all of our naval vessels upon the Pacific, at
least three fourths of them, so as to keep up a
much less force upon the Pacific than we do
now. I appeal, therefore, to gentlemen on
my side of the House, asa matter of economy,
if they are really for economy, to vote for this
proposition.
Mr. RANDALL. Let us see the result of
your appeal.
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. MARSHALL addressed the House
in remarks which will be published in the
Appendix.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, if I enter-
tained the opinion so very earnestly and I
have no doubt so very sincerely expressed by
my honorable colleague [Mr. Morgan] touch-
ing the provision of the Constitution in regard
to the regulation of commerce, I would never
vote for this bill or any bill of the kind. But
with all respect to my colleague, I desire to
say that the measure now under consideration
is not a "regulation of commerce" within
that provision of the Constitution any more
than an appropriation to build a pier in New
York harbor would be a regulation of com-
merce.
Mr. MORGAN. Will my colleague allow
me a moment?
Mr. BINGHAM. My colleague must ex-
cuse me in a five minutes' speech. This is a
section simply to provide ways and means for
an increased mail service between the United
States and China and Japan. Neither is it
a subsidy. According to the logic we have
heard here, it is incompetent for the Congress
of the United States by general legislation, as
is provided in this seventh section, known as
the Senate amendment, to provide for mail
service from American to foreign ports to be
givefr out to the lowest bidder. That is the
language of the section. Talk about subsi-
dies I Do gentlemen suppose that the Ameri-
can people are without intelligence and cannot
understand a proposition so plainly written
and so plainly expressed as is the proposition
of this seventh section?
It is simply a proposition to increase the
mail service so that we shall have twofold
service hereafter than we have had heretofore
between San Francisco and China and Japan,
subject to the further limitation that while the
contract shall be let to the lowest bidder, the
amount shall in no case exceed, for like ser-
vices, that which is now paid for carrying the
mails between these points. There is a further
limitation in the section which declares that
in the future service only American-constructed
ships shall be accepted. Gentlemen seem to
think that this would interfere with some other
regulation that may be made by law for general
purposes by which citizens of the United States
may be permitted to purchase, wherever they
can purchase cheapest, foreign-built ships lor
the general purposes of commerce. These
ships are to be constructed, as the House is
already advised, so that in time of war they
•may be of avail to the people of the United
States for the defense of the rights cf all the
people of this country upon the hign seas.
Ihis is about all that is contained in the
section, and yet from all that we have heard
here it seems to be inferable that it is uncon-
stitutional to provide by general law for foreign
mail service to be let to the lowest bidder
within certain limitations, and thatit is uncon-
stitutional so to provide that hereafter in this
particular mail service no ships shall be ac-
