1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Political Disabilities-—Mr. Vichers.
Senate.
vard, Yale, Princeton, Virginia, North Caro-
lina, and Transylvania, beside many others.
Bologna spread the knowledge of the civil
law throughout Europe. Oxford gave to the
world Roger Bacon, Blackstoue, and Adam
Smith. Smith's "Wealth of Nations" has
been worth more to Great Britain than all her
Bast India possessions. It is a book for the
world—the base of all modern political econ-
omy. Cambridge gave Milton, Sir Francis
Bacon, and Sir Isaac Newton.
Universities may be said to be the ^reat
water-sheds of learning and civilization. They
pour their light and influence like streams
through all the channels of life. They send
their sons from State to State; they enter into
all the liberal professions ; into the pulpit, the
field of authorship, the editorial chairs, the
halls of Congress, the colleges, academies, and
schools as educators, and thus they reach by
direct or reflected rays every mind in the land.
They are not the enemies of common schools,
but rather the mothers. They are the great
banian-trees'of science.
May Congress grant the means to plant one
in each of our States, and, as I used a bor-
rowed figure on a former occasion, "May each
one grow to be a mighty tree, and the thoughts
of thousands of men come and lodge in its
branches, and those branches spread so broad
and long that in the ground the bended twigs
take root, and daughters grow about the
mother tree,
"A pillar'd shade
High overarch'd, and echoing walks between
walks where poetry may wander and wreathe
her blossoms around the massy stems, and reli-
gion and learning may hymn the praises of that
wisdom to which science erects the hundred-
aisled temple." Such a tribute by Congress
would be honoring to science, to the memory of
our noble ancestors, to liberty, to civilization, to
posterity, to the Representatives who record
their votes in its favor. Alexander offered all
the spoils of his eastern campaign for the
privilege of inscribing his name on the temple
of Diana. Here the Representative may make
a more glorious record for the ej'e of future
ages by inscribing liis name on the temple of
science, which will be to his fame
"A forted residenoe 'gainst the tooth of time."
Political Disabilities.
SPEECH OF HON. G. VICKERS,
OF MARYLAND,
In the Senate of the United States,
February 8, 1872.
The Senate having under consideration Mr. Sum-
ner's amendment to the bill (H. R. No. 380j for the
removal of legal and political disabilities imposed
by the third section of the fourteenth article of
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States—Mr. Scmxer's amendment being the civil
rights bill to open churches, schools, inns, public con-
veyances, cemeterios, benevolent institutions, and
the jury-box to all persons, without distinction of
color, race, or previous condition of servitude, under
heavy penalties of fine and imprisonment—and a
motion having been made by Mr. Fremxghuysen to
strike out churches from the amendment-
Mr. VICKERS said:
Mr. Pbesidext: I consider that it is just as
constitutional to include churches in this meas-
ure as to include schools. I do not under-
stand the distinction just made by the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] that churches
are voluntary associations, and therefore should
not be included in the bill. I should like to
know what benevolent institutions are if they
are not voluntary associations? They are gen-
erally organized and their duties performed
by the fairer portion of creation. It is due to
their benevolence and charity and efforts that
most of them exist. If it were left to the rude
hand of man to institute them, I do not believe
we should have half as many as we now have.
I can see no reason why churches should be
excluded from this measure and schools em-
braced. What are cemetery associations but
voluntary ?
I have heard announced during the course
of this discussion some very extraordinary
constitutional doctrines and some exceedingly
strange constructions of the Constitution. I
listened with some degree of astonishment the
other day to the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr._ Carpenter,] when he declared that the
provisions of the Constitution which deny to
States certain authority cannot be enforced,
and that it was intended to rely upon the good
faith and honor of the States for their execu-
tion; that the provision, "No State shall
enter into any treaty, alliance, or confedera-
tion, grant letters- of marque and reprisal,
coin money, emit bills of credit," cannot be
enforced. Why, sir, that is contrary to the
received notions of constitutional law. The
jurisdiction of the courts of the United States
extends to all cases arising under the Consti-
tution and laws of the United States, and
surely the courts of the United States have
ample jurisdiction of all cases of infractions
of the laws or the Constitution. On this point
let me read from the eightieth number of the
Federalist, written by Alexander Hamilton,
one of the ablest expounders of that instru-
ment. Speaking of the jurisdiction of the
United States courts, he said it extends—
"First, to all cases in law and equity arising
under the Constitution and the laws of the United
States. This corresponds with the first two classos
of causes which have been enumerated as proper
for the jurisdiction of the United States. It has
been asked what is meant by 'cases arising under
the Constitution,' in contradistinction from those
' arising under the laws of the United States V The
difference has been already explained. All the
restrictions upon the authority of the State Legisla-
tures furnish examples. They are not, for instance,
to emit paper money; but the interdiction results
from the Constitution, and will have no connection
with any law of the United States. Should paper
money, notwithstanding, be emitted, the controver-
sies concerning it would bo cases arising under the
Constitution and not under laws of the United States,
in the ordinary signification of the terms. This may
serve as a sample of the whole."
That is one of the very items included in
the clause of the Constitution read by the
Senator from Wisconsin for the enforcement
of which he said, " we should have to rely
upon the honor and good faith of the States."
Judge Story, who wrote a commentary upon
the Constitution, and whose authority in most
cases has been well received, says in his third
volume, sections sixteen hundred and thirty-
four and sixteen hundred and thirty-live:
" And first, the judicial power extends to all cases
in law and equity arising under tho Constitution,
the laws, and the treaties of the United States; and
by 'cases'in this clause we are to understand crim-
inal as well as civil eases.
" The propriety of the delegation of jurisdiction
in ' cases arising under the Constitution,' rests on
the obvious consideration that there ought always
to be some constitutional method of giving effect to
constitutional provisions. What, for instance, would
avail restrictions on the authority of the State
Legislatures, without some constitutional mode of
enforcing the observance of them ? The States a.re
by the Constitution prohibited from doing a variety
of things; someof which are incompatible with the
interests of tho Union ; others with its peace and
safety; others with the principles of good govern-
ment. The imposition of duties on imported arti-
cles, the declaration of war, and the. emission of
paper money, are examples of Bach kind. iNo man
of sense will believe that such prohibitions would
bo scrupulously regarded without some effeotual
power in the Government to restrain or correct the
infractions of them. The power must be either a
direct negative on the State laws, or an authority in
the national courts to overrule such as shall mani-
festly bo in contravention to the Constitution, lhe
latter course Was thought by the Convention to be
preferable to the former; and it is, without ques-
tion, by far the most acceptable to the States.
We thus have the authority of Alexander
Hamilton and of Judge Story that there is
ample power in the courts of the United States
to redress all the wrongs which may be com-
mitted by the States under the prohibitions
of the Constitution. There is no power in
Congress to pass the amendment under con-
sideration ; all cases are provided for, and all
attempts by forced legislation like this to enter
the domain of the States, and to encroach upon
their reserved rights, of controlling and man-
aging their schools, juries, churches, cemete-
ries, and benevolent associations, in their own
way, is obviously and clearly unconstitutional.
1 understand that the right to pass this bill
is claimed under the first clause of the second
section of the fourth article of the Constitution,
which reads:
" The citizens of eaoh State shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens in the several
States."
This same provision substantially is contained
in the Articles of Confederation, and the rea-
son assigned for it there was this :
"The better to secure and perpetuate mutual
friendship and intercourse among tho people of tho
different States in this Union, the free inhabitants
of each of these States, paupers, vagabonds, and
fugitives from justice excepted, shall be entitled
to all privileges and immunities of i'reo citizens in
the several States; and the people of each State
shall have free ingress and egress to and from any
other State, and shall enjoy therein all the priv-
ileges of trade and commerce, subject to tho same
duties, impositions, and restrictions as tho inhabit-
ants thereof respectively."
These words embracing "privileges and im-
munities' ' in the Articles of Confederation have
been transferred to the Constitution, omitting
the reasons assigned in the Articles, "the bet-
ter to secure mutual friendship and intercourse
among the people of the different States."
The very object of incorporating them in the
Constitution was to promote "mutual friend-
ship and intercourse among the people of tho
different States." It has never heretofore been
claimed that this power included the right to
interfere with schools, churches, inns, ceme-
teries, and benevolent institutions, and with
juries in the different States. I find in Pas-
chal'8 Annotated Constitution a collection of
the different immunities and privileges of citi-
zens, not one of which relates to either of the
subjects contemplated by the amendment
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts.
He!
"They may be all comprehended under the fol-
lowing general heads: protection by the Govern-
ment; the enjoyment of life and liberty, with tho
right to acquire and possess property of every kind,
and to pursuo and to obtain happiness and safety,
subject, nevertheless, to such restraints as the Gov-
ernment may justly prescribe for the.general good
of the whole. The right of a citizen of one State to
pass through or residein any other State forpurposes
of trade, agriculture, professional pursuits, or other-
wise ; to claim the benefit of the writ of habeas corpus ,-
to institute and maintain actions of any kind in the
courts of the State; to take, hold, and dispose of
property, either real or personal: and an exemption
from higher taxes or impositions than are paid by
the other citizens of the State, may be mentioned as
some of the particular privileges and immunities of
citizens, which are clearly embraced by the gcnoral
description of privileges deemed to be fundamental."
In Washington's Circuit Court Reports, in
the case of Corfield vs. Coryell, these privileges
and immunities are mentioned, and one_ of
the references of Paschal is to this decision,
where they are stated in express terms; but
we find no allusion to churches, to schools,
cemeteries, and benevolent associations; we
find no reference to any incorporated_institu-
tion ; we find only those ordinary privileges
and immunities which exist for mutual friend-
ship and convenient intercourse between the
people of the States—privileges and immun-
ities which belong to every one as personal
or private rights or privileges, and neces-
sary to the enjoyment of "lite, liberty, and
property."
Before the Articles of Confederation were
formed or adopted the States were distinct
sovereignties, entirely independent of each
other, and each would have had the right in
that condition to exclude the citizens of every
