1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1885
this will be a very useful bill. There is no
reason why a person should reside five years
on the land before acquiring a title. If he is
an actual resident at the time of claiming the
patent, and has resided one year, that is all-
sufficient, because it would be entirely imprac-
ticable on any large scale for speculators to
. put soldiers upon the land for a year and make
anything out of getting patents "by that means.
It might be done to some extent, but it would
not be a profitable investment. Under the
law passed heretofore, over seventy million
acres of land have been absorbed by specula-
tors. "We issued scrip. The soldiers sold that
scrip to speculators for a mere trifle, and they
monopolized the lands in advance of settle-
ment. That was one of the most injurious
laws that was ever passed.
I make this statement because when the bill
came from the House I opposed it, and several
other Senators did also, and we were severely
criticised by persons who did not understand
our opposition. We wanted a provision in it
(and that was the position of several members
of the Committee on Public Lands) whereby
the soldiers should go upon the land. If you
relieve him from the neeessityof residingupon
it for five years, that is a great boon to him.
The bill grants him, practically double the
amount that is granted to anybody else, because
he may go upon double minimum land along
the lines of the railroads, while persons who
are not soldiers will have to go outside of those
grants; and practically for the next ten years
the lands that are desirable for settlement will
be double minimum lands along the lines of
railroads. Other settlers, not soldiers, will
prefer to take eighty acres there, and they can
only get eighty, to going outside. So the sol-
dier has a bounty ot eighty acres of land, which
more than doubles his possession, because a
farm of one hundred and sixty acres is really
more than twice as valuable as a farm of eighty
acres. Eighty acres are insufficient for a farm.
The soldier will be entitled to one hundred and
sixty acres inside of a railroad grant. He can
go along the railroad Hues as the railroads
progress and find a home and reside upon it
one year, and by that means acquire a title. It
is really a great bounty to him.
I think the bill is well guarded. I have
i-ead it over, and I do not think there will be
any great abuses under it. There will be
abuses under almost any law that you can pass
in regard to the public lands ; but this bill
appears to be guarded so that we need not
apprehend very great abuses, and it will ac-
complish the purpose that any person wl;o is
in earnest to benefit the soldiers has in view.
1 shall cheerfully vote for the bill as reported
by the committee, and I am glad they have
solved the difficulty.
Mr. MO ETON. The main feature of the
bill is to allow the soldier to count as a part
of his occupation the time he served in the
Army. I think that is right, and nobody can
object to it. At the same time 1 think it is
important to preserve the feature of actual
settlement, to guard against speculations.
Therefore it is that I ask the Senator from
Illinois to state what construction ho would
give to the third section, which provides that
where the soldier is dead the Secretary of the
Interior may appoint a guardian 
Mr. POMEROY. No ; not appoint.
Mr. MORTON. That "a guardian duly
appointed, and officially accredited at_ the
Department of the Interior, shall be entitled
to all the benefits enumerated in this act.''
The question I desire to ask is, whether this
guardian thus appointed is required by the
law, or expected, himself, to make the actual
settlement, to serve out the time that is re-
quired beyond that which was served in the
Army by the person on whose behalf the set-
tlement is made ? If the soldier who died, and
whose heirs are entitled to the benefit of this
settlement, served three years in the Army,
then there are two years yet to be provided
for by actual occupation of the land if he were
living. Now, if he is dead, what is the guard-
ian required to do in regard to those two years ?
Mr. LOGAN. There is nothing in the sec-
tion that positively requires that he shall settle
on it. The section provides that "a guardian
duly appointed, and officially accrcdited at the
Department of the Interior, shall be entitled
to all the benefits enumerated in this act."
He is entitled to all the benefits that are given
to others, and nothing more. Therefore, I
should say, the distinction here is, the soldier
being dead, he cannot occupy and improve
the land; but the guardian would be required
to have it occupied and improved. That would
be my construction of it.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. The Senator will
perceive that as it now stands it would seem
to be implied, as suggested by the Senator
from Indiana, that it would then go without
any actual settlement, at all, that the guardian
would succeed to the title to that land, and
would be entitled to all the benefits of the act.
without any actual settlement. Of course, that
is not intended by the committee; but. it is
apparent that, the section is susceptible of that
construction.
While I am up 1 will ask the Senator what
he understands to be the effect of section five :
That any soldier, sailor, marine, officer, or other
person coming within the provisions of this act may,
as well by an agent as in person, enter upon said
homestead.
The same question might arise there. Is
that to be an actual occupation, or, as sug-
gested by the Senator from Indiana, is the
actual occupation in that case remitted, and
are the parties to succeed to the title- to have
the same benefits that the soldier would have
had without the occupation; in other words,
docs it dispense with any actual settlement?
Mr. LOGAN. No, sir. If the Senator will
allow me, I will state to him how I under-
stand it at least. Six months is allowed for
the entry ; that is, to go and enter the land at
the land office, or for whatever arrangement
is necessary prior to the settlement. This may
be done by an agent. If the Senator will
examine this fifth section he will find that it
reads:
Thac any soldier, sailor, marine, officer, or other
person coming within the provisionsof this act may.
as well by an agent as in person, enter upon said
homestead.
" Enter upon ;" that is, the entry that takes
place under the six months first mentioned.
Pnmhlrd, That said claimant in person shall
within the time prescribed commence settlement
and improvements on the same, a,nd thereafter fulfill
all the requirements of this act.
That fifth section means that he may employ
an agent to make the entry under the first six
, months' time that is given for the entry to
bo made; but after that entry is made, within
the twelve months, the occupation and im-
provement of the laud must be by the person
himself, and not by the agent. That is the
meaning of the section, and in fact it is the
language of the section.
Mr. MORTON. One word farther. Accord-
ing to the provisions of this bill, if a soldier
died in the Army during the period of his
enlistment, or at any time subsequent, five
years ago, his heirs through their guardian are
entitled to the benefit of this law. This would
, create a very large number of heirs entitled
to the benefit of this law, approaching pretty
nearly to the number of the living. But now,
under the terms of this bill, would not the
guardian, having made the location 
Mr. POMEROY. The guardian cannot
make any location.
Mr. MORTON. Would not the guardian
be entitled to have the patent issued, so that
so far as all heirs are concerned, the title
would issue without any actual occupation
beyond the mere location by the guardian?
The guardian would have to locate ; but does
not the bill practically dispense with any
actual occupation beyond that of mer© selec-
tion upon the part of the heirs? That is the
point of difficulty I see.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will allow
me, I am glad he has called attention to the
third section of the bill. I think I can explain
it._ This subject has been before the com-
mittee for a long time, and there is not a
line in the bill that we have not studied. If
the Senator will put his eye on the third
section, it reads thus:
That in ca.se of the death of any person who
would be ontitled to a homestead under the provis-
ions of the first section of this act---
Who are they? We will go back and see
who they are.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Soldiers.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, but not the guard-
ians of minors. We will see who they are.
The first section reads:
That every private soldier and officer who has served
in the Army of the United States daring the recent
rebellion for ninety days or more, and who was
honorably discharged, and has remained loyal to
the Government, including the troops mustered
into the service of the United States by virtue of
the third section of an act entitled "An act making
appropriations for completing the defenses of Wash-
ington, and for other purposes," approved February
13,1802, and every seaman, marine, and officer who
has served in the JCavy of the United States or in
the Marine corps, during the rebellion, for ninety
days, and who was honorably discharged, and
has remained loyal to the Government, shall, on
compliance with the provisions of an act entitled
"An act to secure homesteads to actual settlers on
the public domain," and the acts amendatory thereof
as hereinafter modified, be entilled to enter, &c.
Those are the people who can secure a home-
stead on the public domain under this bill—no
guardian, no agent; and every one must apply
in person for it. Now, in that view, take up
the third section of the bill, which reads—
That in the case of the death of any person who
would be entitled to a homestead under the provis-
ions of the first section of this act-
That is, any soldier who has located in per-
son and died after his location. Then the
guardian of his children or his widow may
take up and complete the settlement. That is
the meaning of that.
Mr. WIN DOM. In order to remove all
doubt on that subject, I will submit an amend-
ment to that third section.
Mr. POMEROY. We do not want any.
Mr. WINDOM. Why not?
Mr. LOGAN. It is perfectly clear now. It
applies to the first section, and the first section
requires settlement.
Mr. CONKLING. Let us hear the amend-
ment.
Mr. WINDOM. I was going to suggest
this amendment; to insert after the word
"act," in the seventh line, the words "sub-
ject to all the provisions as to settlement and
improvements therein contained."
Mr. MORTON and others. That obviates
the difficulty.
Mr. LOGAN. There is no objection to
that. That is the way it is, anyhow.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection this amendment will be regarded as
agreed to. The Chair will also suggest that a
comma be inserted after the word "appointed,"
in the fifth line, so as to remove all doubt on
that subject.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Let the section
be read as it now stands.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Sf.c. 3. That in case of the death of any person
who would be ontitled to a homestead under the
provisions of the first section of this act, his widow,
if unmarried, or in case of her death or marriage,
then his minor orphan children, by a guardian duly
appointed and officially accredited by the .Depart-
montof the Interior, shall be entitled to all the bcu-
efits enumerated in this act, subject to alt the pro-
visions as to settlement and impiovement therein
contained: Provided, That if such person died dur-
ing his term of enlistment, the whole term of his
enlistment shall be deducted from the time hereto-
fore to perfect his tifc*e.
Mr. POMEROY. What the committee
have tried to avoid is the assignment of rights
or land warrants. There has been a great
contest in this country whether soldiers should
have something they could assign or sell in
