94
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
eleven o'clock, but the goods were under general
order. '.Goods under general order,' I said, ' that is
very singular. You did not come in until last night/
4 Well, we have been working all night.' Perhaps
the dock will be full of goods all under general
order, and cannot be taken off. We send our cart-
inon up there and they charge us SI 50 a case for
riding not over a quarter of a mile. We say, 'This
is an exorbitant charge/ 'Well, you cannot have
four goods without paying it; take your permit/
n this ense our goods were wanted very much in-
deed, and we frequently lose the sale of goods that
are ordered and come too late, the price having
fallen. A merchant says,' We won'ttake these goods
if we cannot get them to-morrow/ It is impossible
to £et them to-morrow. The duty-paid goods are
never carted down for examination until the gen-
eral-order business is done. This shows there is a
collusion between the general-order store, the in-
spector, and thecartman. I do not know whether
the ships are in or not. It is a very unusual thing if
a case of our goods on the dock passes an officer.
We say, 'There are those goods/ 'I cannot help it,'
he says, 4 they are under general order.' "We then
have to wait two or three days. They say, 'In all
probability they will be sent up to-night or to-mor-
row morning.' I would observe I am most strongly
in favor of having oar general-order stores on the
Hoboken side, i was deputized by ninety of our
largest importers here to take a petition for this to
Mr. Grinnell.
" Question. What was the result of your interview
with Mr. (irinnell?
''Answer. The resulfcwas this: in the first place he
would not listen to me. I told him I should have to
go on to Washington unless he would listen to me;
that we had made up our minds to have this thing
rectified in some way or other. 'Well/ said he,
'sit down.' I told him wherein we felt ourselves
aggrieved. Illustrating by the articles on his desk,
he said, 'Now, how easy it is forthesteamship com-
panies and the agents to collude with each other/
Said I, 'The agonts of the lines are under heavy
bonds.' 'No/said he, 'when we had asale of goods
at Atlantic dock they consisted of a whole lot of rub-
bish that did not pay for the cartage/ I said that
the baggage belonged to emigrants who came by that
line, and who, to avoid the railroad charges, left their
rubbish in a trunk behind. ' Uh! pah, pah, pah/ he
said, 'we understand all that. Here are nineteen
pieces of poplins taken out of Cunard's store.' Said
I, 'That is very singular. If Sir Edward Cunard was
alive I think he would see about this thing. We have
never lost asingle piece of our goods from the Hobo-
ken or Cunard stores since we have been in busi-
ness; our goods all comesafely.' 'Well,'said he, 'I
am bound to protect my party/ And that was the
end of it.",
Then conies the testimony of Emil Magnus:
"Question. Where is your office?
"Answer. No. 49 William street, New York. Iam
a custom-house broker, and have been for about
fifteen yeais. I have a partner, Mr. John Gillespie.
I attend to the office, and he attends to the custom-
house business exclusively, although everything is
under my supervision.
"Question. Arc you familiar with the present gen-
eral-oider business?
"Anmcer. Yes, sir; I know the workings ofit.
"Question. Were you familiar with the operation of
the general-order business at the time the general-
order stores were at Jersey City and Hoboken, with
the Cunard and .Bremen lines?
Yes, sir. I believe I am one of the
largest brokers in those lines, principally the Ho-
boken line, and I am employed by most firms doing
business with the Inmnn line. It is very important
to have permits out within forty-eight hours, and if
wc arc diligent we can get our men on board before
the goods go under general order.
"Question. In jour judgment, which is preferable,
the present general-order system, or the system which
prevailed when the stores were at Jersey City or Ho-
boken?
"Answer. The former was very much better so far
as the interests of merchants were concerned. The
Cunard and German lines allowed the importer to
have goods on the wharf until or nearly sundown.
When not there, the goods were sent to their stores
on the dock. In consequence of this, there was no
cartage on them. At that time we paid eighty cents
for good-sized cases. Now wo have to pay two dol-
lars for other cases.
" Question. You think the general-order charges
averaged two dollars ?
"Answer. 1 have bills by the hundred, and you can
see them if you wish.
" Question. But the Cunard and Eremen lines
charge nothing lor storage or labor where the goods
are permitted under forty-eight hours?
"Answer. Notinsueh cases. They have very large
wharves, and they can very easily leave goods there.
If a permit was thore at the dock within forty-eight
hours they never charge tor storage.
"Question. If the goods go under general order
within forty-eight hours do thesteamship companies
repay storage?
Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. Is it any better for small importers
under the present system than under the old?
" Answer. No, sir; it works jnsttho same. Under
the old system importers could send their own trucks
for goods, thus saving the expense of cartage. Under
the present system goods are sent from Hoboken to
the general-order store in New York, and cartage
charges made tor a single ca-se or two or three cases.
"Question. Is the present general-oider system
preferablo to the other system for small importers ?
"Answer. I cannot see where they have the ad-
vantage. .
'* Question. Your judgmentis that they do not nave
the advantage any more than the large importers ?
" Answer. No, sir. There is another thing: those
steamer lines have their own warehouses, and when
you send a permit for general-order goods you could
obtain them immediately from the stores at Jersey
City and Hoboken under the old system, but now,
if a case is ordered from the general stores to the
public stores to be examined, it would be at least
two days before it would reach the public store.
" Question. In brief, you mean to say that the
goods can be obtained with greater facility from
the old warehouses than from the present?
"Answer. Decidedly. We used to have a great
many general-order stores where we now have only
two or three.
" Question. Do you think that the effect of con-
solidating the general-order stores into two or three
is detrimental to the interests of the merchants?
" Answer. In my opinion it is, because it is against
facilitating the doing ot business. Under the old
system, I could send & truck over on the other side
to get a whole lot of goods at once, which it is im-
possible to do now. If there were ten cases, I could
get them at once from the wharf/'
And now the testimony of D. C. Gillispie,
custom-house broker:
" Question, Please tell how the present general -
order system works as compared with the old
system.
"Answer. We have a great deal of annoyance now
that we did not have under the old system, and ex-
orbitant charges. The charges are now probably
twice as much, probably 82 25 a case. The delay in
getting the goods tranferred from the warehouse to
the public store is great. Sometimes we have to
wait from two to ten days, and I have to send up
repeatedly to have them transferred to the public
store. Those are the principal annoyances/'
£ * A * !■:
"Question, How is there greater expense under
the present general-order system ?
"Answer. Formerly, when the general order was
distributed around, the average price was about
beventy-iive cents a case; now the business is con-
centrated in two stores, and the price has gone up.
I think there should be a greater number of stores.
If there was, I suppose they would be situated han-
dier to the steamer?, and it could be done so much
cheaper. The goods would not have to be carted
all over the city. When I speak of the charge being
seventy-five cents a package, it was when the stores
were at Hoboken and Jersey City. Now the charge
is probably 82 25 and $2 50 a case; they average two
dollars, certainly.
"Question. Has the storekeeper any right to charge
such a charge as that?
"Answer. No, sir."
" Qxiestion. Have you any evidence that theaverage
ebarges arc $:2 50 a case ?
"Answer. I have bills which I pay daily. I think
the average is that. I think about two dollars would
be fair.
"Question. Are the goods thrown promiscuously
together into those storehouses?
"Answer. Yes, sir.
"Question. Do you find any difficulty in getting-
out your goods when you transfer them from there
to your store?
"Answer. Yes, sir, and delay. They do not keep
help, and our carman has to do it himself.
" Question. How was it at Hoboken and Jersey
City ?
"Answer. It was far different. There was very
little delay there; goods were delivered to our car-
man at the door. I could not say that we ever met
with any loss there; we have met losses here. In-
variably the loss has always been of cases that have
gone to tho public store; thecases havebeen opened
and part of the contents taken.
"( Question. Have you any idea who opened them ?
Answer. No, sir; it has been a mystery. We have
often tried to ascertain whether it has been on the
wharf or in the general-order store.
" Question. Was it so when you took your goods
directly off of the wharf at Hoboken and Jersey
City?
"Answer. I cannot say that it was. I think they
took better care of the goods there than here.
" Question. Do you know of any advantage to the
merchant or to the Government resulting trom the
present general-order system over that of the old ?
Answer. No, sir.
"Question. Do you know of many disadvantages
to the merchant?
"Answer. Yes, sir."
Now the testimony of Luther Horton, for-
merly an officer in the custom-house, and also
for some time in business connection with Lee
& Stocking, the monopolists of the general
order business on the North river:
"Question. Then the parties interested—being the
Government, the steamship lines, and the import-
ers—would all be benefited by the return of the gen-
eral-order business to the Jersey City shore?
( Answer. Certainly.
'Question. Is there any legitimate interest con-
nected with this general-order business that would
not be subserved by transferring it to the Jersey
City shore as it was before?
i "Answer. Nothing but dollars and cents for a ring;
that is what's tho matter, and it is a nice little job if
they can keep it up, and I tell you they have power
enough to keep it up."
Finally, the testimony of the agents of the
great steamship companies, first Mr. Francklyn,
of the Cunard line, who had made complaints
oftheexisting abuses to Mr. Boutwell, where-
upon Mr. Boutwell wrote to Mr. Grinnell, dis-
approving of these practices:
*' Shortly after that letter of Mr. Boutwell, dated
9th June, 1870, recommending to Mr. Grinnell that
the privileges I have mentioned bo restored to
! our warehouses. Mr. Grinnell went out of office and
was succeeded by Mr. Murphy. Mr. Murphy did
not tell us, but he led us to believe that he
, would investigate this matter as soon as he had
j time, and, in all probability, from what he knew of
it. the general order privileges would be restored.
However, he never had time. § He put it off. I
would go occasionally to see him and ask him to
! look into it, and name a day when we could go
together to Jersey City and look at the stores; but
he never did. Then the Saratoga convention came
on, and he was up there all the time; couid not
attend to anything until that was over, and when it
was over ho seemed to have changed his mind;
at any rate, from an interview I had with him,
I thought so. Then I asked the Secretary of the
Treasury, in a letter which I wrote, to send some
instructions to Mr. Murphy about this matter, in
order to carry out bis letter of the 9th June. Mr.
Schwab, I believe, wrote also, and got several peo-
ple to call on the Secretary and ask him to do
something in the matter; and we sent a petition
to Washington, signed by over one hundred mer-
chants of New York, (the principal people inter-
ested in the business,) and after having done this, I
believe the Secretary wrote to Mr. Murphj, rather
sharply, I should think, from the way Mr. Murphy
seemed to take it. The consequence of which was
that Mr. Murphy told us we had been 'crowding'
him too much, and he should do nothing in the
matter.
" He said there were certain people who had to be
taken care of, and it was well known that they had
to be taken care of, and nobody in the party would
say anything about his taking care of them, and he
would do it. At the same time he said be had been
explaining to those parties that it was not their in-
terest to have anything to do with the general order
business; and he told me that it was not his inten-
tion to have it in the hands of the people who had it
then, (Leet & Co.,) but he was going to give it to
somebody else. However, he never did give it to
anybody else. We have been to see him since, sev-
eral times, but.we have never succeeded in getting
him to do anything, lie has told us repeatedly that
the business was far better done by us, and that the
custom-house had never been bothered by any com-
plaint about the general order business while it was
m our hands, while he had been run down with com-
plaints against the present parties, and it took half
his tune to look into them. With regard to the way
the business is done now, from the bills I have re-
ceived and had to pay, I should say that the charges
are very exorbitant."
And so I might still go on for some time
quoting the testimony of merchants, of custom-
house brokers, of clerks and others, all testi-
fying to this one fact, that in the place of the
arrangements formerly existing, which were
safe for tho Government, convenient and
economical for the merchants, and beneficial
to the general interests of commerce, another
system has been invented which is less safe to
the Government, imposes extortionate chaiges
and great inconvenience upon the meiebant,
hampers commerce, and has only the advan-
tage of putting large amounts of money into
the pockets of a favored somebody, who is
" taken care of."
Now, sir, reading through this whole testi-
mony, going from Air. Stewart to Mr. Dodge,
and from Mr. Chittenden to Mr, Moore and
Mr. Gale, from witness to witness, yon will
find this system designated as a system of
shameless and wanton robbery imposed on the
merchants of New York; a system so out-
rageous that its very beneficiaries excuse it
only with the flimsiest pretexts. It reminded
me when I read this testimony of what I had
read of the stories of the robber knights of the
Rhine, who lived in the castles whose ruins
you see on the hill-tops along that romantic
river—robber knights who stretched a chain
across that river and made the shipper who
went up or down pay toll to him for the mere
privilege of passing his haunt. And so you
find now a gentleman in the possession of the
so-called general order business on the North
river who enjoys the privilege of extorting tolls
from the merchants of New York, not for the
benefit of the service, not for the security of
