2782
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
One would suppose from what the Senator
from Massachusetts said that this was the
great safeguard of the Treasury. It is only one
of the bureaus through which these accounts
pass. You might as well say that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury passes upon them.
Mr. CKAGIN. Will the Senator allow me
to make a suggestion to him?
Mr. TRUMBULL/. Oh, yes.
Mr. CRAGIN. I wish to suggest that by
one decision of this Comptroller overruling a
decision of the Secretary of War over twenty
million dollars were saved to the Government.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Was he not doing his
duty in that ?
Mr. CllAGIN. Certainly he was.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator know
how many decisions of this Comptroller have
been overruled by some other Comptroller ?
Mr. CRAGIN. I do not. I think there
is no other Comptroller to overrule him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the accounts
finally pass through the hands of the First
Comptroller.
Mr. CRAGIN. Not the division he acts
upon, being the Navy, War, pensions, and In-
dian affairs accounts. They do not go to the
other Comptroller at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps they do not ;
but a great many of the accounts I know do
go there, and the accounts before they reach
the Second Comptroller pass through numer-
ous other hands.
Mr. CRAGIN. Auditors.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does not the Senator
know that?
Mr. CRAGIN. Auditors.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not only Auditors, but
this Comptroller passes upon the accounts of
the War and Navy Departments, and are not
those accounts made up in the War and Navy
Departments to begin wth?
Mr. HAMLIN. Yes.
Mr, TRUMBULL. Then they go the Audit-
ors of the Treasury, and from there to the
Comptroller, and you come in here and talk
about the Comptroller passing upon all these
accounts!
Mr. CRAGIN. He has to examine them
all thoroughly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator from
New Hampshire mean to tell the Senate and
the country that the Comptroller examines
himself personally these accounts? Does he
not know better?
Mr. WILSON. I want to say to the Sen-
ator from Illinois, who is a fair-minded man,
and always certainly ought to deal fairly with
questions, that in what he has said to-day he
has misconceived this matter altogether. I
say what I know, when I declare that this
Comptroller has to pass upon, at least in
amounts and in responsibility, many times
more than is passed by the First Comptroller
by the laws of the country. He has given
many long elaborate decisions. There are
hundreds of thousands of pages of his writing
on these questions. He is one of the ablest
and most faithful men that serve this Gov-
ernment. He has remained there doing these
great duties on a petty salary of $3,000 a year,
and I say it is a shame to the country that
such a thing should continue a day longer.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. Mr. President, the
Comptroller does something besides sign bills
or accounts which are brought before him by
clerks. That is not the important business of
the Comptroller, These accouut pass before
an Auditor, and when they come from the Aud-
itor to the Comptroller's office they are placed
in the hands of clerks and examined by them
They are then reported to the Comptroller.
But the Comptroller stands to check the ac-
counts which have been allowed by the Auditor,
which have been allowed contrary to law. He
hears arguments also in regard to the claims
to see whether they are legal or not.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does not the Auditor
do that ?
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. It may be that he
does ; I do not know. 1 merely speak of this
to show that the Comptroller has something
more to do than simply to sign his name.
He is a legal officer, equal, in my judgment, to
a very strong and able judge. He determines
questions which are submitted to him so far as
they relate to the law, and his time is required
more to adjust those questions than it is to
sign the bills that are brought before him. I
think he earns more money than almost any
man in the service of the Government, and
perform duties which entitle him to a salary
of $5,000 at least.
'The VICE PRESIDENT. The Secretary
will call the roll on the amendment as amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How does the question
stand? Voting " yea'' strikes it out, does it
not? The question is on concurring in the
amendment as amended?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on striking out the paragraph as amended. It
has been amended in the Senate. The Com-
mittee of the Whole recommend that it should
be stricken out. Voting "yea" is voting to
strike out the paragraph as amended.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. What is the effect
of striking out?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Voting "yea"
is voting to strike out the paragraph in rela-
tion to the Second Comptroller entirely from
the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 27 : as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Cole. Cooper, Edmunds,
Frelinghuysen, Hamilton of Maryland, Johnston,
Kelly, Ransom, Spencer, Tipton, 'i'ruinDull, View-
ers. in id Windoiu—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Bayard, Blair, Bore-
man, .Buckingham, Caldwell, Carpenter, Corbett,
Cragin, Fcnton, Ferry of Michigan, Goldthwaite,
Itamlin, Harlan, Hitchcock, Lewis, Logan, Morrill
ot Maine, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Saw-
yer, Scott, Stevenson, West, and Wilson—27.
ABSENT—Messrs. Amos, Brownlow, Cameron,
Cnsserly, Chandler, Clayton, Conkling, Bavis of
Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of Con-
necticut, Flanagan, Gjlbert, Hamilton of Texas, Hill,
Howe, ICoIloprg, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nor-
wood, Pool, Pratt, Ramsey, llice, Robertson, Sauls-
bury, Sehurz, Sheiman.Sprague, Stewart, Stockton,
Sumner, Thuiman, and Wright—38.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The paragraph
is not stricken out.
The next reserved amendment was on page
29, after line six hundred and ninety-nine, to
strike out the following clause:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, for subsisting the Navajo Indians in New
fJSf,™,0, ior tlle flscal year ending June 30, 1872,
v'bU, UUU.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
of the Whole struck out this paragraph.
Mr. HARLAN. This was stricken out
under a misapprehension. The honorable
Senator from Vermont was under the impres-
sion that the Commissioner of Indian Affairs
had recommended that it should be omitted.
I find that thia is not the case. His recom-
mendation applied to the appropriation for
the next fiscal year. I have a' letter here from
the Commissioner, and if it is desirable it can
be read.
Mr. POMEROY. Oh, no; let us vote:
we can vote it in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I guess not. The hon-
orable Senator from Kansas says we can vote
it. in. It seems we can vote almost anything
in; but, for one, I do not propose to vote any-
thing in until the Senate and the public know
upon what grounds it is done. I should like
t0 ™ r ™e. communication read to begin with.
The Chief Clerk read the following letter:
Department op the Interior,
Office of Indian Affairs,
Washington, D. C., April 18,1872.
„<■ i *hay.e 'j18 honor to inclose herewith aconv
of a letter to-day received from the agent of the
Navajo Indians tor your information in connection
with the estimate of this office for an approprfatIon
required to furnish said Indians with subsistence
during the remainder of the present fiscal year an
item for wbicn is embraced in House bill No 1654
but proposed to be stricken out by the Senate Com
mittee on Appropriations.
The Navajos number over eight thousand. They
arc industrious, and have, generally, since their
location on their present reserve, been fully able to
support themselves. The almost total failure of
their crops la-t yeai, iicm the drought general
throughout the Southwest, is the cau.-e ot the pres-
ent exigency, and as will bo seen iiora Agent Mil-
ler's letter, great suffering exists among the Navajos,
and unless their actual necessities are speedily sup-
plied, there is reason to tear that serious difficulties
will arise.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
&\ a. walker,
Ojiiimixttioner.
Hon. James Harlan, United State# Senate.
Mr. FUELINGHUYSEN. It is very appar-
ent that this bill cannot be concluded to-night,
especially as the Senator from Kentucky has
asked and obtained leave to address the Sen-
ate to-morrow morning upon an amendment
to it. I therefore move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and (at six
o'clock and thirty minutes p. m.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 2o, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Clerk proceeded to read the Journal of
yesterday.
Mr. RANDALL. The Clerk has now
reached the reading of that portion of the
Journal which relates to the evening session,
when nothing was done but the consideration
of pension bills. I move that the further
reading of the Journal be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
TREATY OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, and referred, under the law, to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved by the JIouhc of Representativet, (the
Senate concurring,) That there be printed twenty-
two thousand copies of the case presented on the
part of the Government of her Britannic Majesty
to the tribunal of arbitration, constituted under
article one of the treaty concluded at Washington
on the 8th of May, 1871. between her Britannic
Majesty and the United States of America: seven
thousand copies of which shall be for the use of the
Senate, and fifteen thousand for the use of the
House.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
.read, considered, and agreed to :
Renulvtd, That the President be requested to trans-
mit to the House of Representatives, as early as may
be consistent with the public interests, a copy of the
counterease presented by the British Government
x?r ,1(?n t0 Alabama claims under the treaty
of Washington.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
liie latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son, one of" its clerks, announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill (S. No. 1014) to amend
an act entitled "An act authorizing the cpn-
struction of a bridge across the Missouri river
at or near St. Joseph, Missouri," approved
March 5, 18/2; in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, the bill
(H. R. No. 1544) for the relief of Martin Wat-
iuns, of East Windsor, Connecticut.
personal explanation.
Mr. KENDALL. On yesterday, when the
vote on the Goat Island bill was taken, I was
unavoidably absent from my seat on business
interests of my constituency. I had made ar-
rangements to have my vote u paired," but
y a misapprehension it was not done, and
oes not so appear. Had 1 been present I
should have voted against the bill in all its
stages ; and hence have asked the House to
receive this statement.
