1886
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
the market. The committee decided that that
was not expedient, but that every one should
be required to locate on the land.
Mr. MORTON. The explanation of the
Senator from Kansas, I think, is not satisfac-
tory. He makes this section to apply to any
person who, after having made his location,
should then die, but that is utterly incon-
sistent with the proviso in the same section,
'• provided, that if such person died during the
term of enlistment," showing that it applied
to those who even died during the war and
before the passage of this bill. Therefore it
does not refer to those who may make loca-
tion after the passage of this bill or at any
time subsequent to the war, and shows that it
refers to soldiers without reference to the time
when they died. The amendment offered
by the Senator from Minnesota may meet the
case, but I am not sure that it does. It says
u subject to all the provisions and conditions
of this act;'1 but will that make it necessary
for the guardian of a child to go and make
actual occupation? Ifso, it will never be com-
plied with.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I call the at-
tention of the Senator from Indiana to the
first section of the bill, which says in terms
that no patent shall issue to any homestead
settler who lias not resided upon the land one
year. Then the third section provides for the
case of the death of any person who shall be
entitled to a homestead under the provisions
of the first section, referring to this very pro-
vision.
Mr. MORTON. That would cut it off
entirely. The question is, whether in case of
a man who died during the war and the guardian
of his children now comes in and makes the
location, but under the conditions provided in
the previous act, it does not mean that that
guardian shall go and actually occupy the
land ? If so, it would be inoperative, and yet
that would be the effect of it.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The act is ex-
plicit that no patent shall issue unless they do
occupy the land.
Mr. MORTON. That would defeat the bill.
Mr. WINDOM. My understanding of that
section is, that the minor children or the or-
phan children may by their guardian have the
benefit of it; that is, settlement must be made
by the widow or children, and the guardian is
appointed simply as the instrument through
which the act is to be carried out. The settle-
ment is to he made by the widow or children
of the soldier who is entitled, but the guardian
is simply appointed in order to carry out the
act.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the word
"guardian" were inserted in the fifth section,
it might settle the controversy.
Mr. COLE. I move to amend the bill on
page 2, section one, after line twenty-five, by
inserting the following:
And upon lands granted by Congress to any rail-
road company m case uf any default or neglect on
the part of such company in constructing its road or
landmrintnBW thelaw of Congress making the
I hope this amendment will be adopted, and
I rather think it will be.
Mr. POMEHOY. What does it mean?
Mr. COLE. It authorizes homestead settle-
ment upon lands granted to railroads in case
there has been neglect on the part of the
railroad company to comply with the law mak-
ing the grant. In case of a default, it opens
those lands to homestead settlement, instead of
leaving them withdrawn from the market or
from homestead settlement indefinitely, as is
the case now very often.
Mr. LOGAN. Allow me to ask the Sen-
ator, would npt that be a complication that
would be very troublesome? For instance,
the question would arise as to whether a grant
had lapsed or not, and soldiers might be in-
duced to go on the land, misjudging the law,
upon mere hearsay or rumor, or something of
the kind, and might involve themselves in I
trouble. Of course I should like the principle
very well if it could be applied; but as I look
upon it, I think it would produce much more
difficulty than benefit.
Mr. COLE. I apprehend it would produce
no difficulty whatever. The homestead settler
always runs some risk of encroaching on some
other settler or on some other person's land.
They have to encounter a great deal of dif-
ficulty in order to establish their homes upon
the public lands, and this will not add to their
other annoyances to any very great degree, I
am certain, but will do a justice to them in
allowing them to go upon the public lands
when there has been neglect on the part of
those who have by a pretense secured a grant
of puhjic lands for the construction of a rail-
road and have failed to comply with the provis-
ions of the grant. We know that grants of
lands have been made to railroad companies
that have utterly neglected to go on and comply
with the law. Then they are in the habit of
coming and asking Congress to extend their
grants from year to year, thus holding large
tracts of the public land from the actual set-
tler, and from the soldiers and their widows,
greatly to the detriment of the whole country.
If they do not comply with the provisions of
the law, of course those grants ought to be
forfeited. That is the very condition upon
which they were made.
Mr. CONKHNG. That is a separate matter.
Mr. COLE. It is not a separate matter;
it is a proper provision to be inserted here,
to allow soldiers to settle upon these lands in
the case of neglect on the Dart-of the com-
panies to comply with the munificent acts of
Congress granting lands to railroad companies.
I hope there will be no objection to this
amendment. I think there ought to be none.
The suggestion of the Senator from Illinois is
easily obviated. To be sure a person making
a settlement upon unoccupied lands may, in
some instances, settle upon lands that have
not been forfeited, but he will not be likely to
do it; he will make his settlement at his peril.
It cannot hurt the railroad if he improves their
land. It can do nobody any harm.
Mr. POMEROY. It may do him harm.
Mr. COLE. It will do him no harm, for he
will exercise due caution. It, is a ihitig that
ought to be conceded in all such cases. Let
us now do a little something for the benefit of
the citizen as against these large corporations
who get hold of lands by aet of Congress and
hold on to them without improving them.
It is time that some of our legislation looked
to the benefit of the citizen, the poor man,
the soldier, if you please, rather than to the
benefit exclusively of these large corporations.
3 know it is a fact that those who are power-
ful enough to take care ol themselves are
those who exact most legislation of Congress,
and those who are least able to take care of
themselves, and who need protection, are those
who have been receiving least consideration
at the hands of the two Houses of Congress.
It is time that we reversed our policy; it is
time that we did something for the benefit of
the people and soldiers of the country; and
I ask now only what is right on their behalf,
that when these corporations have neglected
their duty, have violated their obligations, the
honest settler may go and make his home upon
what still remains public land, which has not
passed from the public ownership.
Mr. POMEROY. He can do so now.
Mr. COLE. No ; he cannot, under the law.
Ihe lands are withdrawn and withheld from
market, and not subject to homestead settle-
ment.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. President 
Mr. HARLAN. I should like to offer an
amendment to the amendment of the Senator
from California.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sena-
tor from Minnesota yield to the Senator from
Iowa?
Mr. WINDOM. Yes, sir. I
Mr. HARLAN. I move to amend the
amendment by adding "after the same shall
have become subject to sale at private entry."
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to the
amendment with that proviso.
Mr. WINDOM. When I yielded to the
Senator from Iowa, I had risen for the pur-
pose of offering an amendment to the amend-
ment which I like better than his. The) efoie,
I will suggest it now, if he will allow me. It
is to add after the words of the amendment
of the Senator from California the words
"after such default, neglect, or non-compli-
ance has been declared by proper authority."
Mr. MORTON. That means the same thing
exactly.
Mr. WINDOM. My object in thai is to
prevent a complication growing out Of the
question whether these lands are subject to
entry or not.
Mr. STEWART After that has been de-
clared by proper authority, the lands would
be open as public lands by the terms of every
act that has been passed. Is it proposed to do
more than that, and to say by any default?"
It might be a default in regard to a condition
that would forfeit the land; it might be some
other default that would not forfeit the land
according to the terms of the grant. Your
railroad acts provide that certain things shall
be done, and certain things are prescribed as
conditions, and certain other things required
to be done are not conditions. Now, if it
was confined to those conditions of forfeiture,
and then that it should be properly declared
by competent authority, the amendment would
do no harm, but would simply have no mean-
ing, because they would be public lauds then,
liable, as all other public lands are, to be set-
tled upon. If it means by any failure on ihe
part of the railroad company, then it might
be dangerous, because it might not be such a
failure as to work a forfeiture ; but if it mean
such a failure as will work a forfeiture, the
authorities are bound to declare a forfeiture,
and they would declare it under existing laws,
and the settlers would know where to go, and
the amendment would amount to nothing.
I think, therefore, we had better not mix
that kind of legislation with this bill. This is
a good bill. If there is any necessity to legis-
late with regard to the lands that have been
granted to railroads, let us have a direct
proposition, so as to see what we are doing,
and not mix it up with this bill, which every-
body consents ought to pass, and thus raise a
collateral discussion on the bill, it will be
discussed in the other House and in this, and
when we have got before us a bill for the ben-
efit of the soldiers that we can agree upon,
and have only a little time to pass it in, why
not pass it,' This is really one of the most
beneficent bills that has yver been passed in
behalf of the soldiers. It is the first one of
these land bills for the benefit of soldiers that
was not, under the name of benefiting soldiers,
for the benefit of speculators. This bill will
be agreatbenefittothe soldiers. It gives them
eighty acres of land more than a civilian can
get, and that land worth $2 50 an acre, and
relieves them from four years of residence
upon it, gives them a home at once light
along the lines of the railroads 011 the Gov-
ernment minimum lands. We are ail for it,
and let us pass it as it is. Do not let us mix
it. up with any other sort of legislation not
matured or reported by a committee.
Mr. CONK.L1NU-. As I understand this
amendment, there are two classes of Senators
who ought not to vote for it. Tlaose who are
in favor of this bill ought not to vote for it;
and second, tbose who are in favor of bring-
ing back into the public domain lands hereto-
ore granted to railroad companies who have
ceased to deserve those lands. Those who are
m favor of this bill ought not to vote for it
because it insnarls the bill with a subject en-
tirely foreign to it, depending upon things
having 110 reference whatever to this, which are
