1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
pay for the running of a stage-coach on some
of the lines in Arizona, New Mexico, Mon-
tana, or other Territories. But we send*them
as the forerunners of civilization. They are
the handmaids of settlement; they pave the
way; they open the avenues; they pioneer
civilization and agriculture and manufactures
and all that. So does this line. But while I
am willing to vote for this proposition, I de-
sire to put in right here a protest that it shall
not, pass into a precedent, and that I am not
to be quoted as in favor of all the various lines
that, my friend from Ohio proposes to subsidize.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. I desire to say a word
only upon this measure, to assign the reasons
why I support it. The proposition was Care-
fully considered by the Senate; it was not
perfect; but it never has been and never will
be possible to propose any legislation that will
escape the censure of skillful and intelligent
critics. In some remarks which I made to
the House several years ago, before I ever
saw the Pacific ocean, I indicated a purpose,
■whenever I had an opportunity, to give my
vote in favor of a policy which would increase
and insure the permanency of our commerce
upon that great sea. We had very unwisely,
aa I thought, allowed a rival nation to estab-
lish itself upon the Atlantic beyond our power
ever to successfully compete with her.
Gentlemen speak of our commerce before
the war. Will they tell us where our lines
of steam communication between the Atlantic
sea-portsand Europe were at that day? Some
one or two had had a sickly existence by being
subsidized by the Government. Butbeyond that
where was there a single line of steamships
that in the years 1859, 1860, and 1861 carried
the American flag from our ports to Europe?
"We have allowed a rival Power quietly, and
without attracting attention, by subsidizing
her whole steam tonnage, to place upon the
sea an immense fleet of the most powerful
and best-built steamships that are known to
the commerce of the world. We have ap-
plauded their successes j we have hailed their
Great Westerns and their Great Easterns aud
their Great Republics as though we had some
interest in them, and took a pride in what
really was our shame and humiliation. Our
nautical supremacy, nay, our equality on the
Atlantic, is gone.
My friend who represents a portion of the
city of Philadelphia [Mr. Randall] de-
nounces what he calls bounties and subsidies
and monopolies. I ask him why it is that
from Philadelphia no American steamship
sails to day, or for years has sailed, to any
port of Europe? Where is the tonnage of
this once important port? Where are her
importations? Where is her foreign trade?
It seems strange that a gentleman represent-
ing that, the second city on our continent,
should denounce what he calls a system of
subsidies to our foreign commerce which
alone can, as he must see, secure the com-
merce and carrying trade and business of
the Pacific. It is in our power to secure it
now, and if we are wise we will do it. If we
will exercise the same far-seeing sagacity that
the other great Powers of the world have ex-
ercised in this matter, the commerce of the
Pacific is to-day and for all time will be ours
for all purposes of national aggrandizement
and commercial prosperity. I am therefore
for embracing this opportunity, and I would
be in favor of other similar measures which
will place upon the Pacific vessels bearing
the American flag and bearing the impress
of the American mechanic, American-built
vessels as well as American-documented and
American-navigated vessels.
We are told that there is a powerful lobby
around this House. Gentlemen seem to be
conscious of a susceptibility to this influence,
which I do not understand and cannot appre-
ciate. What is the lobby so much complained
of? Those who have an interest in our legis-
lation come to make knowtt their wants. It
is simply the right of petition. Men who are
to be affected by the action of Congress have
the right guarantied to them by the Constitu-
tion to come and make their interests known,
and in doing so they are not liable to censure.
[Here the hammet- fell.]
Mr. PALMER. The theory of the opposi-
tion to this amendment so far has been that
it necessarily continues a particular line of
steamships in the service, and gives it an ad-
ditional compensation. One allegation, urged
with much earnestness, is also that the pro-
vision in the bill for the construction of iron
ships is a mere dodge; that the Pacific mail
steamship line, having iron ships already, no
othel- company could build ships in time to
comply with the requirements of the billi The
fact is, however, that this line which is now
doing the service has not an iron steamer.
Every one of their ships is of wood. Other
parties could come in upon an equality with
the Pacific Mail company and build iron ships
by the time this service would have to be per-
formed.
Gentlemen on this floor oppose the Senate
amendment as if it contained some new system
for postal transportation. They seem to for-
get that for five years we have been having
precisely this kind of service. The only dif-
ference between the present system and that
proposed by this amend mentis that heretofore
it has been monthly, instead of semi-monthly,
as now proposed. If it is such awrong to the
people to have mail service between San
Francisco and Japan and China, it is only one
of degree, to make it semi-monthly instead of
monthly, and to give $1,000,000 instead of
$500,000 annually for its performance.
The proposition for this proposed appropri-
ation is precisely like that for ordinary appro-
priations for mail service. The contract is to
be awarded by the Post Office Department to
the lowest responsible bidder, just as contracts
for land transportation of the mails are awarded.
The only question to be asked and answered
is: do the increasing commercial relations of
the United States with Asiatic nationalities
demand the proposed increased transporta-
tion? In my judgment, they do. To me, a
western man, it is with pride that I see the
growing commerce of the Pacific ; that across
broad prairies beyond the Mississippi valley,
upon which five years ago there was not a
human habitation, is now the highway of two
hemispheres; that England, with all of her
wealth of maritime resources, instead of using
exclusively the channel of communication by
way of the Mediterranean, the Suez canal, the
Dead sea, and the Indian ocean, sends her
through mails to the eastward by sending them
westward across the Atlantic, across the Alle-
ghanies and the Rocky mountains to the
Pacific, and thence on American ships, under
the American flag, to the eastern shores of
Asia. The advantages thus established between
the United States and the populous Asiatic
countries should be maintained and extended;
and because this Senate amendment proposes
such maintenance and extension I have given
it my support.
I now call the previous question upon the
Senate and pending House amendments.
Mr. HOLMAN. I wish to modify the amend-
ment which I have offered. I move to strike
out from the Senate amendment the words
" for the conveyance of an additional monthly
mail on the said route at a compensation not to
exceed the rate per voyage now paid under the
existing contracts, and upon the same condi-
tions aud limitations as prescribed by existing
acts of Congress in reference thereto, and the
respective contracts made in pursuance there-
of," and to insert in lieu thereof these words:
For the conveyance of a monthly mail on said
route at a compensation not exceeding $500,000 a
year.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was then taken ujron the amend-
ment moved by Mr. HolmAn to the amend-
ment of the Senate ; aud upon A division
there were—ayes 54, noes 81.
Before the result of this vote w&s an-
nounced,
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was again taken; tod there
were—yeas 88, nays 109, not voting 42; as
follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ackeh Adaitis, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Beatty, Beck, Biggs, Austin Blair, Braxton.
Bright, Buckley, Buffinton, Burchard, Caldwell,
Campbell, Clarke, Ooburn, Comingo, Cotton, Crebs,
Critcher, Crossland, Davis. Box, Mames, Ely, ITink-
elnburg, Forker, Henry D. Foster,WilderD. Foster,
Getz, Biddings, Haldeman, Hambleton, Handley,
John T. Harris, Havens, Mas', Hibbafd, Holman,
King, Lamison, Leach, Lewis, Manson. Marshall,
McClelland, McCormick, McCrary, ^Melntyre, Mc-
Neely, Mercur, Merriam, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Mitchell. Morgan, Niblack, Ilosea W.Parker, Pen-
dleton, Randall, Read, Edward Y. Rice, Ritchie,
El! is H. Roberts, William R. Roberts, Robinson,
Seofield, Sherwood, Shoemaker, Slater, Sloeum,
R. Milton Speer, Sprague, Stevens. Stevenson,
Storm, Strong, Terry, Van Trump, Walden, Wal-
dron, Wells, Whitthorne, Willard, Winchester,
Wood, and Young—88.
NAYS —Messrs. Ames. Averill, Banks, Barber,
Barnum, Barry, Bigby, Bingham, Brooks, Burdett,
Roderiok 11. Butler, Carroll, Coghlan, Conger, Con-
ner, Darrall, Dawes, Dickey, Donnan. Duell, Dun-
nell, Elliott, Farnsworth, Charles foster, IPrye,
Garfield, Garrett, Golladay, Griffith, Hale, Halsev,
Harmer, George E. Harris, Hawley, Bays. Gerry
W. Hazel ton, John W.Hazelton. Hill, Hoar, Hooper,
Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall, Ketcham,
Killmger. Lamport, Lansing, McHenry, McJunkin,
McKee, Moore, Morey, Morphis, Leonard Myers,
Negley, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer, Isaac C.
Parker, Peck, Perce, Aaron 1?. Perry, Eli Perry,
Peters, Piatt, Poland, Potter, Price, Rainey, John
M. Rice, Rogers, Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Seeley,
Sessions, Shanks, Sheldon, Shellabarger, Sloss, H.
Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Snapp, Thomas
J. Speer, Starkweather, Stoughton, Stowell, Sy-
pher, Taffe, Thomas. Dwight Townsend, Washing-
ton Townsend, Tuthill, Twichell, Upson, Vaughan,
Waddell, Wakeman, Wallace, Walls, Warren,
AVheeler, Whiteley, Williams of Indiana, Williams
of New York, Jeremiah M. Wilson, and John T.
Wilson—109.
NOT VOTTNG—Messrs. Bell, Beveridge, Bird,
James G. Blair, Boles, Benjamin F. Butler, Cobb,
Cox, Creely, Crocker. De Large, Du Bose, Duke,
ICldredge, Farwcll, Goodrich, Hancock, Hanks,
Harper, Hereford, Herndon, Kerr. Kinsella. Lowe,
Lynch, Maynard, Me Grew, MeKinney, Merrick,
Monroe, Porter, Prindle, Roosevelt, Shober, Worth-
ington C. Smith, Snyder, St. John, Sutherland,
Swann, Turner, Tyner, and Voorhees—42.
So the amendment of Mr. HolMak was not
agreed to.
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. On this ques-
tion I am paired with the gentleman from North
Carolina, Mr. Harper, who if present would
vote "no, " while I should vote "ay."
Mr. McINTYRE. I wish to state that my
colleague, Mr. Du Bose, is absent on account
of sicl£n6s3
Mr. BRAXTON. I make the same an-
nouncement in regard to my colleague, Mr.
Duke.
Mr. BIRD. Upon this question I am paired
with the gentleman from Arkansas, Mr. Boles.
If he were here he would vote "no, " and I
should vote "ay."
Mr. CONNER. My colleague, Mr. Han-
cock, is absent to-day in consequence of sick-
ness in his family.
Mr. MANSON. My colleague, Mr. Kerb,
is absent on account of sickness. He sup-
posed he was paired on this question with the
gentleman from Tennessee, Mr. Maynakd.
Mr. MAYNARD. I informed the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Manson] this morn-
ing that I would pair with my colleague on
the Committee of Ways and Means, Mr.
Kerr, upon all questions on which difference
would probably arise between him and myself.
I voted a few moments ago without remem-
bering that I was paired. Presuming that
Mr. Kerb, if present, would vote in favor of
this amendment, I withdraw my vote, which
was cast in the negative.
Mr. HOLMAN. On this question the gen-
tleman from New York, Mr. Cos, if
