1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
42d Cong....2d Sbss.
Political Disabilities—Mr. Vickers.
Senate.
State, and into the domestic affairs of that people,
and regulate its concerns with a view to its there-
after having something beside a republican form
of government'.' For instance, can it appropriate
money from the United States Treasury to carry
on the purpose of education in a State which now
has a republican form of government, on the ground
that education will tend to secure that republican
government ? "
Again, he said:
"You must recognize her as possessing in every
respect and particular all tho privileges, powers, and
prerogatives of a State before you can admither into
the Union, becausethisUnion must be composed of
States, and of States only; in other words, you may
say that you are not willing to trust the people of Mis-
sissippi to exercise the full powers of a State, and
therefore refuse to admit her into tho Union and
continue to govern her by military authority under
the reconstruction acts,or may erect a territorial gov-
ernment to exercise in subordination to Congress
such powers as you choose to delegate. But, sir, you
cannot take this State government and mutilate its
State powers and reduce it in whole or in part to the
condition of a territorial government, and then ad-
mit it into the Union, because that would be admit-
ting aTerritory, not a State." * « *  
"This doctrine of 'fundamental conditions' is
erroneous, both as regards the State and the United
States. Suppose Congress should to-day impose upon
Mississippi the fundamental condition that the sub-
ject of education in that State should at ail times
be regulated by Congress and not by tho State, and
then suppose that Congress should next year pass a
law upon that subject, isit notapparentthatsuch an
act would be unconstitutional, for the reason that
Congress can exercise only such powers as are con-
ferred upon it by the Constitution of the United
States.
"But, Mr. Pre'sidont, the Senator from Indiana
[Mr. Morton] meets this point of the argument, as
I understand him, by asserting the power of Congress
to do anything which in its judgment may be proper
to secure the continuance of republican institutions
in a State which already has a republican form of
State government. I implore my Republican friends
in the Senate to consider it well before assenting to
a dogma which substantially strikes State govern-
ments out of existence. Take the case of Massachu-
setts, which, 1 assume, has a form of government
which satisfies the Constitution; can itbc maintained
that Congress, because it has the power to guaranty
to that State a republican lorm ot government, has
the power to legislate so as to regulate her school
system, and everything else which, in tho opinion
of these Houses, tends to promote the continuance
and successful operation of republican institutions?
" Mr. Sumner, i hope that Congress may do it,
and will do it, if the case requires it. I say that as a
Senator of Massachusetts.
"Mr. CARrENTKK. Very well,sir, if New England
can endure such a doctrine; but for one I enter my
protest against the doctrine, the heresy that Con-
gress can interfere with the domestic concerns of a
State which is conceded to have a republican form
of government under pretense of promoting the con-
tinuance of such government. Think of it, sir. what
a vast expanse of power is covered by that singlo
sentence ! What is there that is valuable in all our
modern civilization that does not tend to secure the
perpetuity of free institutions? Not schools alone,
but religion, the administration of justice, the reg-
ulation of private rights, the protection of property;
indeed, whatever tends to promote the welfare ol
the people, or to dignify our refined human life, all
contribute, in their placc and degree, to the opera-
tion of free institutions and the permanence of re-
publican government. Can you assume control of
all these things? Can you do so in aStatowhich
you concede has a republican form of government
already? Upon this theory the State governments
are at an end; the honored name of. Massachusetts
must disappear from the political corporations of
the world.
" Sir, this doctrine cannot be maintained; itshakes
the foundations of the Constitution; itthreatens tho
existence of the Government. It would be a phys-
ical impossibility for Congress to perform these
duties. Confining ourselves to tho duties imposed
upon us by the Constitution, Congress has all it can
properly attend to."
Here are all these domestic powers and
duties of the States relating to their internal
affairs; among them the regulation of schools,
all of which, the Senator says, should not be
interfered with by the Congress of the United
States, and that it would shake this Govern-
ment to its very foundation if Congress were
to attempt to do so. Why, sir, if the doctrine
which is contended for now were to prevail, it
would undermine the yery pillars of the Con-
stitution. You would convert this Govern-
ment into a consolidated one, and centralize
all power in it. That is its tendency, and will
be its inevitable consequence; not perhaps
in a year, but it will inevitably follow. Then
farewell to the freedom of the States, the lib-
erties of the citizen ; power will accumulate
power; all demarcations between State and
Federal Governments will be obliterated; des-
potism and absolute authority will be claimed
and exerted ; oppression, wrong and injustice
will follow in its train, and all vestige of con-
stitutional liberty will be lost, until the latent
spark of liberty in the breast of patriots shall
arise, and war and bloodshed either restore
our wonted freedom, or rivet more firmly the
shackles of tyranny.
I repeat, it is not a question of expediency
or of taste; not one of color merely, but a
question of political power. Have you the
right to interfere with education in the States,
with the churches in the States, with the ceme-
teries in the States, with the benevolent insti-
tutions in the States, with the juries of the
States?
Everything that relates to the internal order
and condition of a State, its education, its
roads, its bridges, its schools, its descent of
property, wills, administrations, titles, trusts,
offenses, all these are embraced by the consti-
tutions of the States, and there is no concur-
rent jurisdiction. If Congress has the power
to enter a State for one purpose it can do it
for all. It cannot exercise any powers except
those that are expressly delegated. Is there
any expressly delegated power to interfere
with the school system of a State? Who is
best acquainted with the needs of the people?
Who can best judge how a school should be
conducted, or sustained by taxes or endow-
ment? Who can best determine the proper
rules and regulations for its government and
discipline? The answer is the States. These
sometimes endow schools. They are sustained
in part by State donations and by private con-
tributions; sometimes by levies upon the peo-
ple of the counties. They regulate all these
things. The General Government, being fur-
ther removed from the people, and crcated for
different purposes, is wisely precluded from
anj right or duty in the matter.
The clause giving Congress power to enfoice
the amendments by appropriate legislation
amounts to nothing. It had the power under
the old Constitution to pass all laws neces-
sary and proper to carry into execution the
delegated powers or any which are included
within the judicial powers of the Federal Gov-
ernment.
This bill interferes, or attempts to interfere,
with corporations in the States. What right
has Congress to interfere with a corporation
created by a State 1 Who gave the corpora-
tion existence? Tho State. Who gave it its
powers? The State. And can Congress inter-
meddle with what a sovereign State has cre-
ated? A corporation is in the law a contract
between the corporators and the State, and
it has been so decided by all the courts; no
State can impair the obligation of a contract,
nor can the General Government do so. If
you interpolate new provisions in a chartered
corporation, you impair to that extent that
contract between the State and the corpor-
ators. Can Congress do that? _ Can Congress
change an act of incorporation? By what
authority ?
I know of but two legal modes by which a
corporation can be visited or forfeited. One
is, if it be a public or municipal corporation,
a writ of quo warranto is issued by public
authority. If it be a private corporation, as
many of the institutions of learning are, as
the churches and benevolent associations, then
it is in the nature of a contract, and if it vio-
lates its charier it has to be held to an account
by a scire facias issued by the courts. There
is no power in the Legislature of a State to
revoke a charter which it has granted unless
it has been expressly reserved. If, then, the
creator of the corporation has not the power
to destroy it, how has the Congress of the
United States, which had no agency in its cre-
ation ? For if you can impose heavy fines upon
corporations already in existence, 'you not
only do it by an unconstitutional law, but you
can repeal the charters. The power to inflict
punishment upon it necessarily implies the
faculty of fining it out of existence, and of dis-
solving it outright. The General Government,
the_ creature of the States, created to manage
their external affairs, arrogates the power of
supremacy over the charters and contracts of
the States. The States are but corporations,
and if you can destroy the work of their hands
what is to restrain you from despoiling them?
This bill imposes a fine upon all incorpor-
ated companies that may make any distinction
in regard to color. Cemeteries are included.
How is a fine to be collected from a cemetery
association? What property has it? Can you
levy an execution upon the grave, upon tho
dust of the dead? Can you do it upon the
toinbs and monuments? Is that the manner
of collecting a fine from a cemetery institu-
tion ? Are you to take the trees, the shrub-
bery, and the flowers which the hands of beauty
and affection have planted in honor of their
beloved and departed ones? How, then, are
you to enforce a fine?
I shall not detain the Senate long, but there
is one other view of the Constitution which I
desire to present on this subject. In this
country we have two forms of government: one
a State government, and the other a Federal
Government, each revolving in its respective
orbit. Their powers, functions, and duties
are entirely different. The citizens of the
States owe allegiance to the State governments
and are bound to observe their duty to it.
They receive protection from the State in their
lives, liberty, and property. They look not to
the General Government for any protection
of these, because these duties ate specially
appropriate to the constitution of the States.
Then they owe allegiance to the General
Government, a Government of de&ned and
limited powers, whose duties and obligations
are different and special. That Government
owes protection to individuals when they leave
the State and go abroad. All the duties which
a citizen owes to the General Government as a
citizen of the United States he owes especially
to the Constitution of the General Government
and the laws made in pursuance thereof. These
laws of that Government and the Constitution
are entirely separate and distinct from the
constitution and laws of the States. Every
citizen sustains a twofold relation, one as a
citizen of the State, and the other as a citizen
of the United States, just as separate and dis-
tinct as two things can be; for, as a citizen of
the State he owes allegiance and duty to the
State and its laws, and as a citizen of the Uni-
ted States he owes allegiance and duty to the
Constitution and laws of the United States.
Now, this fourteenth amendment says;
"No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of the United States."
It does not say " citizens of a State." It
does not say that no State shall make any law
to abridge the privileges or immunities of citi-
zens of the State owing allegiance and duty to
the State, but relates only to those who owe,
allegiance and duty to the United States as
citizens of the United States. This amend-
ment therefore is confined to the citizens ot
the United States quasi citizens of the United
States, and not as citizens of States. It it had
been intended to embrace citizens of States
it ought to have added "and of any State;"
so that it would have read, '• No State shall
make or enforce any law which shall abridge
the privileges or immunities of citizens of the
United States and of any State." But it does
not. It stops at "United States." It ap-
plies to the privileges and immunities of citi-
zens of the United States. Now, when a
