1872.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
991
This salary, T may say, was fixed, if I am
correctly informed, in 1817, and it lias re-
mained at that sum through all the mutations
that have since occurred iu the increased prices
of living, and it remains to day at $3,000, as
it was in 1817, with all the increased duties
that have been devolved upon that officer by
the increase in the business of the country,
and particularly by the inctease in later years
with reference to loans, the laws in relation
to them having imposed additional and oner-
ous dutjes upon him. I ask the Senate to
adhere to the House provision on this subject;
but if that is not deemed proper, then 1 shall
ask that this officer shall be piovided for by
making such discretionary provision for him
to be regulated by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury as is made for other officers who do per-
form extra labor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to occupy
the time of the Senate any more, but my friend
from Pennsylvania seems to understand that 1
concede the propriety of what is provided in
another part of the bill, coming down from
foimer times, appropriating a small sum of
money to be used in the discretion of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury as extra compensation.
I do not concede its propriety. 1 think it
improper. But my Iriend may not know, per
baps, as I do, that that is the tip end, if 1 may
use so common an expression, of one of the
legacies that the war and Mr. Johnson'sadmin-
istration gave to us. At the end of the war,
and in 18GG or 1807, there was a prodigious
effort, in the then state of the currency and
the prices of things, to raise the salaries of
all the officers and clerks in the Departments,
and everywhere else, for aught I know; and
the question was whether we should fix a set
of salaries at a high figure which experience
proves can be rarely if ever reduced, or whether
we should tide over (to use the expression of
an honorable Senator from Maine, who has
since left us, and who was then chairman of
the Committee on Finance which then had
charge of these appropriation bills) this ex-
ceptionaland as we hoped temporary peiiod of
inflation of prices and currency without mak-
ing an increase of salaiies and emoluments,
in order that when we should reach hard pan
again we should stand upon a footing where
we should not have a great squabble in reducing
compensations. Therefore in those days we
used to give, I think. §300.000. 1 believe that
was the first sum which we putin in this way to
be used at the discretion of the Secretary of
the Treasury, to help along those people who
would have starved without it, and whose ser-
vices were of great importance to the Govern-
ment and could not be supplied. This has run
down under the present Administration until we
only have the shadow of it left, $22,500, which
has enabled the Secretary of the Treasury for the
last, year or two to keep employed in his office
in finishing out the war work and those old
affairs young men who are mere clerks, but
who can command and who have been offered
over and over again twice the compensation to
go into private lite and into mercantile houses
and banks that they receive there. Young
men beginning in lite with little families to
bring up, the necessity of whose woik there is
great because they have special skill, are thus
induced to resist the temptation of even higher
pi ices than the Secretary can give them in order
that he may have the benefit of their services.
1 do not defend the principle of it by any
means; it is wrong; buta wrong philosophical
piinciple and a right practice tor the moment
is perhaps the lesser ot the two evils. When
it comes to that? if a proposition be made to
include other officers, it will stand upon its
own merits. In this form, I think my friend
ought to agree that he ought not to press it.
Mr. SUMNER. I send to the Chair an
amendment of which I give notice to this bill.
I follow the rule that it may be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
The amendment was referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. THURMAN. I rise merely to make
an inquiry for my own information. The clause
which it is proposed to strike out contemplates
the payment to the Register of the Treasury
of additional compensation on account of his
being compelled to sign certain bonds of the
Government. The question I wish to ask of
some one who is able to answer is this: whether
he signs these bonds with his own hand, or
his name is simply printed on them with a
stamp?
Mr. MORRILL, of "Vermont, and Mr.
SCO IT. He sians them with his own hand.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I should like to
ask an other question : and that is, what the pro-
portion of bonds which he is required to sign
under the funding law bears to the proportion
which he has already signed of the bonds of
the United States heretofore issued to which
hjs signature is appended ? I presume he has
signed a very great many more than he will
have to sign under the funding law, and I should
like to know whether any additional compen-
sation has ever been heretofore asked on ac-
count of the onerous duty that devolved on
him of signing those bonds.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Several years
ago, when we were having more paper signed
at the office of the Register of the Treasury
than has been signed of late or will be prob
ably in the future—and this is the chief busi-
ness of the Register, to sign his name under
the authority alluded to by my colleague—the
Secretary of the Treasury, I believe, allowed
the sum of $G00 to the Register for someyears,
and that was at a time when our currency was
not worth more than forty or fifty or sixty
cents on the dollar as compared with gold.
Mr. SCOTT. If the Senator from Vermont
will permit me, I will state to him that my in-
formation is that from 1861 to 1869 $1,000
annually was allowed to the Register of the
Treasury.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. The Senator
may be correct, but I have understood hereto-
fore that it was $600. What I rose to say,
Mr. President, was this : the Committee on
Finance have had this subject under considera-
tion for some time, and have more than once
reported a bill to equalize salaries and to raise
such as they thought ought to be raised, and
this, as has already been said, is but one of
quite a number more that should be raised,
i? any are raised. I hardly think it is expe-
dient" for us to act upon this case singly, and
I hope that the Committee on Finance will
report at this session a bill embracing the
whole subject. But lest the Senate should pass
in favor of this measure of striking out what
has been reported by the Committee on Appro-
priations adversely, I will propose the follow-
ing amendment: to strike out on page22, after
the word "loans" iu line five hundred and
eleven down to and including line five hundred
and twenty-three, and insert "the sum of
$800." That will make it read:
That the Secretary of tho Treasury is hereby
authorized to pay to the Register of tile Treasury,
out of the money appropriated to defray the ex-
penses ot the loans, in addition to the amount of
salary now allowed by lsivv, tho sum of $800.
I most decidedly object to paying an addi-
tional compensation fov almost the sole duty
of the Register of the Treasury.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Vermont, proposes to amend the
portion of the bill proposed to be stricken out.
The Clerk will report the amendment. _
The Chief Clerk. Commencing in line five
hundred and eleven, it is proposed to strike
out, after the word "loans" all down to and
including the word "him," in line five hun-
dred and twenty-one, and to strike out line
five hundred and twenty three and insert in
lieu of the words in that line the words, "the
sum of $800;" so that, if amended, the pro-
viso will read:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury is
hereby authorized to pay to the Register of the
Treasury, out of the money appropriated to defray
the expenses of the loans, in addition to the amount
of salary now allowed by law, the sum of $8i)0.
Mr. PATTERSON. I ask the chairman
of the committee if there is now an Assist-
ant Register. We struck out of the appropria-
tion bill a year ago, I thinly, the salary of the
Assistant Register, because he was not needed.
Mr. COLE. There is one provided for in
this bill. I do not know who he is nor what
his special duties are. There is a salary here
for him.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from Ver-
mont, [Mr. Morrill.]
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on striking out the proviso as amended.
Mr. EDMONDS. I hope it will be struck
out.
Mr. SCOTT. The question is on the amend-
ment striking out the proviso?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As amended.
Mr. SCOTT. Voting "ay," we vote to
strike it out?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Voting "ay" is to sus-
tain the committee in the effort to keep sal-
aries where thev are.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to strike out the proviso
as amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have the.yeas and
nays and settle this question once for all. I
do not want to stand here fighting for this bill
unless the Senate want to have things kept
down. Let us settle it at once.
Mr. COLE. A call for the yeas and nays
will break up the Senate, and we can raise the
question again.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am very sorry to dis-
obey my leaderand chairman, but if Senators
cannot stay here and attend to an appropria-
tion bill—especially the reformers who are
allgone—and stand by the committee in keep-
ing down the expenses of the Government,
we ought to know it, and I do not care if it
does break up a quorum.
Mr. COLE. The fact is conspicuous enough,
and I think we had better go on.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is only four o'clock.
Mr. SPENCER. If the Senator from Ohio
will withdraw the motion, I will move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
Mr. THURMAN. I withdraw the motion
in order that the Senator from Alabama may
make his motion.
Mr. COLE. I have not taken my seat.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from California is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COLE. I appeal to my colleague on
the committee to let this question go over
until to-morrow, in order that we may go on
with the bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is a quorum here
now. Let us have the yeas and nays.
Mr. THURMAN. 1 move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Ohio.
The question being put; there were on a
division—ayes 21, noes 9 ; no quorum voting.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Now I ask that the
absent Senators may be called.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn. „ .
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Ohio
is remarkably tender of his friends this after-
n°The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio moves that the Senate do now
adjourn. _ „. «
Mr. THURMAN. Tender of my friends?
I do uot understand the Senator's remark.
