1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1.88?
certain to endanger its passage through the
House, and endanger its passage here.
The honorable Senator from California tells
us that there are defaulting railway companies
and other grantees who should be made to for-
feit, if they have not forfeited already, their
land grants, and that they are coming here
continually to poultice their troubles with new
legislation to keep their grants along, and
therefore he offers this amendment. I submit
to him that that is a very strange noxiscquituv.
Does he want these defaulting railroad com-
panies to continue to possess their unearned
and undeserved grants unless soldiers occupy
them? I take it not. He wants to bring back
into the public domain so many lands as he
can reach, which he says ought to be taken
from the companies to which they have been
given.
With what reason, then, does he offer an
amendment to have no effect at all in that
direction except so far as soldiers may go and
possess isolated pieces of one hundred and
sixty acres each? I submit to the Senator
that is not the way. He wants a general bill
which, without reference to occupation by
soldiers, without reference to occupation by
settlers generally, hitting the market irrespect-
ive of settlers, shall restore to the public do-
main so much of that domain as has been
alienated to companies who ought to be com-
pelled to restore it, or whose grants have
lapsed and who deserve no revival of those
grants. Is not that his purpose? Surely it
is; and here is an amendment which scarcely
saves at the spigot, simply withdraws such
lands as soldiers may go and locate upon.
I submit to the Senator it is a partial, frac-
tional attempt to accomplish his purpose, to
be ingrafted upon a bill to which it has no
reference, and with the danger which the
Senator from Illinois has already pointed out.
Who wants to invite the soldiers of the coun-
try to go out and undertake—as I might almost
say to jump claims—undertake to compete
with railway corporations for the title to a par-
ticular one hundred and sixty acres of land
and litigate with them, and be worn out, of
course, as every lawyer knows individuals
always are, even if they are rich, who enlist
iir a war with a corporation which never dies,
and which can fight beyond the life of man ?
He does not want that; but he does want, I
submit, if anything on this subject, an inde-
pendent bill which shall cover the whole ground,
which shall reverse the policy of reviving de-
funct grants or extending those about to lapse,
and which shall bring back into the public
domain such lands heretofore given to railroad
companies as they ought not to have.
I hope the honorable Senator will not insist
on his amendment, but will let us pass this
soldiers' homestead bill, which everybody is
for, and which does not at all stand in the
way of his presenting his proposition at a
proper time and in proper form.
Mr. WINDOM, I wish simply to unite with
'the Senator from New York in appealing to
the Senator from California to withdraw this
amendment.. It seems to me it can be fraught
with mischicf only, and can do no good. In
the first place, as stated by the Senator from
New York, it will lead to a long discussion in
the other House, and probably to a defeat of
the whole bill, growing out of this complicated
question which the Senator from New York
has alluded to. In the second place, if the
amendment of the Senator from California
should be adopted, what would be the result
of it? Simply to constitute every soldier a
sort of judge as to whether the various land-
grant railroad companies had forfeited or failed
to comply with the terms of their grant or not.
Mr. CONKLING. To make him an adven-
turer.
Mr. WINDOJI. Yes, sir; and if he made
a misjudgmeut on the matter, and had to con-
tend with these wealthy corporations, it would
only lead him into difficulties, and perhaps
ruin him. There is a vast country opened now
under the provisions of this bill, and it seems
to me there is enough for the soldier by the
present provisions of this bill, at least until
some general bill, such as the Senator from.
New York has suggested, can be passed.
Mr. SfEWART. If the Senator will allow
me, I will make this further suggestion : the
soldier is not going to attempt settlement along
the lines of defunct railroads. The object of
this bill is to let him go and settle upon the
line of live railroads where there is 110 default.
Mr. WINDOM. That is where they are
going.
Mr. STEWART. Certainly. They are not
going to any other place. There is no railroad
to take them there. We do not want to hold
out to them any inducement to go upon the
line of a defunct railroad. We want them to
go on the best railroad lines, where they can
achieve success, and where they can get lands
worth $2 50 an acre.
Mr. WINDOM. With the permission of the
Senate I will withdraw my amendment for the
present and let the vote be taken upon the
amendment of the Senator from California.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The amendment
to the amendmentis withdrawn, and the ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from California.
Mr. COLE. Mr. President, the statement
made by my friend from Nevada is a little too
broad. We are already pretending in this
bill to grant to these soldiers the privilege of
ranking homesteads upon the alternate sections
not granted to railroads. They have that
privilege before survey, 1 believe ; but now
they are by the practices of the railroad com-
panies which have been so clearly portrayed
here, of a disposition to litigate, excluded from
all those lands. That is a common practice
with some railroad companies, and the priv-
ilege given in this bill to the soldier to go upon
the alternate sections belonging to the Gov-
ernment will, according to the arguments pre-
sented by Senators here to-day, amount to no
privilege at all.
We are told that this amendment will prob-
ably defeat the bill; that it will create discus-
sion in the other House. How do we know
that? If the question is to be determined
whether the railroad companies of the coun-
try are stronger than Congress, who are sup-
posed to represent the people, let us have that
question determined now and on this bill. I
think it is quite time that the people had some
exhibition of their wishes in connection with
these things, as well as the railroad companies.
I think this is a very proper place to offer
this amendment. I would have offered it in
committee if I had had an opportunity. 1
have presented several bills to the Commit
tee on Public Lands, some of which have, I
believe, been well considered by them, but,
none of them exactly embodying this prin-
ciple. But, sir, I am in favor of opening all
the public lands that can be opened to actual
homestead settlers. That was the intention
that Congress had originally when it estab-
lished our public-land system, in according to
each settler one hundred aud sixty acres of
land upon which he might establish a home.
The very policy of our Government required
that as many homesteads, as many land hold-
ers should exist in the country as possible,
and they made it easy and cheap for persons
to become possessors of land in their own
right. Sir, the possession of land adds to the
independence of man. It improves the char-
acter of our citizenship. It is of great advan-
tage to the Republic at large, and we should
not lose sight of it in these later days.
I believe that this amendment, if adopted,
will be no objection to the bill. I know of no
reason why the bill should not pass the other
House more readily on this account, because
it offers the soldier something more, much
more, indeed, than is offered him in the bill
as reported from the committee. Let our sol- 1
diers go on these lands, when they by right
belong to the Government of the United
States, when by the forfeiture of the railroad
companies the soldiers become part owners of
them. Why, sir, every American citizen is a
part owner of the public lands. He owns them
in common with the rest of the citizens of the
United States, and when he chooses to go
upon them and make his settlement there, they
become his private property.
Mr. BOREMAN. Let me ask the Senator
from California if these lands are public lands
and subject to entry, is there any necessity for
this amendment at all ? Is it not merely repeat-
ing what the law is? In other words, will
not the soldiers be allowed to go upon and
enter these lands without this amendment ?
And therefore I think it unnecessary ; it will
merely be a trap to lead them into litigation
in cases of doubt and difficulty.
Mr. COLE. I am very glad of an oppor-
tunity to answer the question of the Senator
from West Virginia. [ should like to have
these homestead claimants endowed with the
privilege o-f going upon these lands under the
authority of law, and then when the railroad
company comes hereafter to ask for an exten-
sion of its time, for another lease of it.s domin-
ion over that land, these parties may be able
to maintain their rights under the act of Con-
gress, that the homestead settler may be able
to say " I have acquired a prior claim." And
I wish to call the attention of the Senator from
West Virginia to a decision of one of our recent
Attorneys General to the effect that any per-
son going upon the public lands became and
remained a trespasser until he got his patent
from the United States. That is the effect of
the decision at all events.
Mr. WINDOM. Will the Senator from
California allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. COLE. Certainly.
Mr. WINDOM. Are these lands forfeited
by these railroad companies now subject to
entry or not?
Mr. COLE. I do not know what company
the Senator refers to, if to any particular one.
Mr. WINDOM. Any company that has
failed to comply with the conditions to which
you refer.
Mr. COLE. Yes, sir; and it is to that very
point that I am now speaking. If they are
forfeited, and Congress should to-day or to-
morrow extend the grant, then would the
settler upon that grant have any protection ?
Clearly not.
Mr. WINDOM. The question upon which
I want the judgment of the Senator is this:
are these lands now subject, to the operation
of the existing land laws, or not?
Mr. COLE. I suppose they are not as long
as they remain withdrawn by the Government
of the United States, and that withdrawal has
not been revoked by the proper department.
Mr. WINDOM. Then, if we pass the
amendment of the Senator from California,
may not the railroad companies claim that
by reason of this enactment these laws are
declared by Congress to be subject to nothing
but the entry of the soldier, and consequemtly
may they not be construed in favor of the rail-
road company except where soldiers have
actually taken the laud ?
Mr. COLE. No, sir; I do not think it
would bear that construction at all. It opens
the lands to the settlement of these soldiers,
certainly, and if they can settle upon them,
of course others will settle upon them.
Now, 1 will reply to the Senator from New
York on that very point, wherein he said they
will go on there in severalty arid claim their
one hundred and sixty acres in an isolated
position. This amendment, sir, will enable
them to settle in neighborhoods even if they
go upon the alternate sections claimed by the
Government where these railroad grants are
made.
Mr. WINDOM. I wish to ask the Senator
another question. Does it need an act of
