1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
the customs, not for the accommodation of
trade, but simply to fill his own pockets.
Now, sir, how did this thing come about?
We read in this same report that these high-
wayman's privileges of the general order busi-
ness are in the hands of gentlemen of the name
of Leet and Stocking. Who is Mr. Leet ? Mr.
Leet,-it appears from the testimony, was one
of General Grant's aids de camp during the
war. At the commencement of this Adminis-
tration, or shortly before it, he left the service
and went to New York with a letter of intro-
duction from General Grant to Mr. Grinnell,
before Mr. Grinnell was appointed collector
of customs.
Colonel Leet subsequently applied to Mr.
Grinnell for this general order business, and
obtained it. The profits which he makes out
of his privileges, as estimated by several mer-
chants, are from fifty to one hundred thou-
sand dollars a year. He himself confesses to
§25,000, and certainly he will not be suspected
of having put the figure too high. Not only
did he realize profits by carrying on the busi-
ness himself, but he actually went so far as to
farm out a part of his privilege to a man by
the name of Bixby. We have heard from the
Senator from Vermont that this Bixby was an
old customer of the Committee on Retrench-
ment, and not considered the most reliable
man in the world. However reliable or unre-
liable he may be, one thing is certain: not
only does he testify that he bought part of the
general order business from Mr. Leet at the
rate of $5,000 a year, but Mr. Leet confesses
it himself; so that we have in the custom-
house at New York a gentleman who holds a
sort of a monopoly, conferred upon him by
the custom-house authorities, which he, ad
libitum, for a valuable consideration, farms
out to such persons as may be found willing
to pay hirn money enough.
In the report of the committee, sir, yon will
find one protest afier another coming from the
merchants of New York, all of them stating
that they are robbed, wantonly robbed, mon-
strously robbed, for a purpose which does not
subserve in any respect the public interest.
More than that, you will find that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury himself had this matter
inquired into ; that he sent a special commis-
sion to New York to investigate the general
order business; that that commission did so
investigate it, and reported to the Secretary of
the Treasury that the general order business,
as now carried on, is a crying abuse, and that
the old system ought to be restored for the
general interest just as it was before the Ad-
ministration came in. That was in May,
1870. I have their report before me, and
there is in the possession of the Senator from
New Hampshire, [Mr. Patterson,] theformer
chairman of the Committee on Retrenchment,
a letter from the Secretary of the Treasury
pronouncing most emphatically against the
general-order business as now conducted.
Mr. PATTERSON. It is not now in my
possession. The letter was sent to the Public
Printer, and I have uotbeen able to get it. He
has lost it, I believe.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator from New
Hampshire has read the letter.
Mr. PATTERSON. Certainly.
Mr. SCHUItZ. And he can testify that the
Secretary of the Treasury himself pronounced
most emphatically against the system as it now
exists.
Now, sir, look at the stateof thiscase. Here
is a monstrous abuse which originated under
this Administration. This abuse is remon-
strated and protested against by all the mer-
chants of New York who have been examined
on the subject. There are among them the
most prominent business men of that city.
There are among them some of the most hon-
orable men of the country. Not only that, a
commission was sent there by the Secretary of
the Treasury, and that commission pronounced
against it in the same manner. The Secretary
of the Treasury expressed his opinion against
it, and yet that monstrous system of robbery
survives even to the present day.
I ask, sir, what power is there in this Gov-
ernment that maintains so shameless a prac-
tice ? It is not the Secretary of the Treasury,
for if we are permitted to believe that he is an
honest man, and I do not know a Seuator on
this floor who does not believe so, after having
sent that commission there, after having re-
ceived its report, after having expressed his
own opinion against that abuse, he certainly
would not hesitate a moment to abolish it.
What power then is it that maintains this mon-
strous wrong in spite of all that has been said
and dono against it, even to this day?
It was intimated by some of the witnesses
that Mr. Leet. who pockets the enormous
profits arising from that business, had some
connection with the White House; but Gen-
eral Porter was examined, Mr. Leet himself
was examined, and they both testified that it
was not so, and counting the number of the
witnesses we have no right to form a different
conclusion. But the fact remains that this
scandalous system of robbery is sustained—is
sustained against the voice of the merchants
of New York—is sustained against the judg-
ment and the voice of the Secretary of the
Treasury himself. I ask you, how is it sus-
tained? Where and what is the mysterious
power that sustains it? The conclusion is
inevitable that it is a power stronger than
decent respect for public opinion, nay, a power
stronger than the Secretary of the Treasury
himself.
Now, sir, the Committee on Retrenchment
arrived just at that point in its inquiries when
its existence was cut short, and we are now
(old that for a committee with such powers
there is no further use. I have given you this
simply as an instance of a monstrous wrong
which may be discovered and put in its true
light by a committee which is free to investi-
gate, and also to show you that there are some
matters which still might form fruitful subjects
of untrammeled inquiry ; and although on this
occasion it acted by virtue of a resolution in-
troduced, I think, by the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Fexton,] yet other things of sim-
ilar importance would never have been dis-
covered, for instance, the wrongs connected
with the transit route and the Texas post con-
tracts, had nottheCommitteeonRetrenchinent
possessed the discretionary power to initiate
investigations themselves.
It has been intimated that at the present
moment there is no further use for such invest-
igations with discretionary authority since the
President has promised to reform the civil
service of the country himself. I would be' the
very last man to undervalue the importance
of that promise, as it ciune from the President
of the United States ; but it must be bonie in
mind that the President promised the very
same thing a year ago in his annual message
of December, 1870, and that since that prom-
ise was made that very same abuse and scandal
which I have described has been going on
under the very eyes of the Administration ;
there under its eyes, I say, for since the Sec-
retary of the Treasury himself had sent a com-
mission to New York to investigate the wrong,
they cannot have been unacquainted with its
nature. As T said, I put great value upon the
promise of civil service reform to be initiated
by the Executive of this nation ; but permit
me to say that hero there was a most inviting,
an almost irresistible opportunity for a com-
mencement in practice. Why was not that
evil uprooted as it appeared so clearly before
the eyes of the country? Why have almost
two years passed without its being remedied?
t may be pardoned for observing that as to
civil service reform a single pound of perform-
ance would have been far more valuable to this
country than a whole ton of promise.
Let me return to the question at issue, the
powers of this committee. For years and |
years the Senate without a single dissenting
voice has been voting for conferring exactly
those powers which the Senator from Illinois
now demands upon the Committee on Re-
trenchment. Now it is suddenly found entirely
improper, nay, even dangerous. There is
something said of secret proceedings, of put-
ting our hands into the private concerns of
other people, of ruining innocent persons, of
star chambers, and other frighttul things.
Why, sir, if a committee with such powers was
not dangerous before, I ask in all candor why
it should be dangerous now? If it is danger-
ous now, I should like to know how Senators
could find it compatible with their conscien-
tious convictions to vote for such a dangerous
thing before? Either they were not conscien-
tious when they did it before, or they would be
equally conscientious in doing it to-day. Either
it never was a proper thing, or it is now just as
proper as it ever was. What has happened, I
should like to be told, that you should look at
tins committee with its powers now with such
remarkable apprehensions as a source of mis-
chief and danger? Who has been injured in
the past by the exercise of the powers this
committee possessed, and which are now
claimed for it agam? Look into its record.
Whose lights have ever been violated by it?
Whose private affairs have been invaded?
Where is the innocent person that has been
harmed by it? Whom did it injure? None but
corrupt men whose misdeeds ought to have
been dragged into the light of day.
You cannot point to a single committee, I
venture to say, that has more zealously, more
efficiently, and more carefully, more impar-
tially and more fearlessly conducted these in-
vestigations than the Committee on Retrench-
ment; and as an argument has been made that
all these subjects ought to be referred to the
standing committees, I. venture to say that all
the standing committees of this body com-
bined never brought so many iniquities to light
as the Committee on Retrenchment did under
the powers it enjoyed during the five years of
its existence.
I tell you, gentlemen, whatever we may say
of the improvements that have taken place
in the civil service, the people of the United
States are startled at the frequency and the
enormity of the disclosures which are now
accumulating from day to day. Do not give
yourselves up to any delusions in this respect.
The American people demand honest govern-
ment, and to secure it they want to have all
the means used that are compatible with the
laws of the country. The people of the United
States demand the exposure and everLhiow of
corruption, regardless of the advantage of any
party, and of the interest of any person, how-
ever high or low.
It seems to me wo are standing at the thres-
hold of a great, moral revolution in our polit-
ical life that bids fair to sweep bejond the
overthrow of Tammany Hall at New York,
and in that revolution the science "how not
to do it," will be at a great discount, and all
the arts of concealment will not be of avail
much longer. Neither will the cheap declam-
ation against corruption in the abstract,
against the sinfulness of sin, and about the
beauties of virtue in general, as it resounds so
frequently in this Chamber, avail much longer.
We have had enough of that. The people will
not much longer take that worthless currency
as a legal tender; the people want to see
energetic and tearless efforts to put down
abuses bodily, not in theory, but iu practice ;
and if we mean to serve the country and to
command its confidence, we must take such
measures as shall make it clear to the whole
world that we hate no political party more
than we hate corruption, and that we love no
party more than we love honest and good
government.
Mr. CONKLFNG. Mr. President, the Sen-
ator from Missouri has with great animation
delivered a prepared speech: and now that
