96
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
the Senate has heard him, what shall we believe
is the object and meaning of the Senator? He
is a logician, and knows what belongs to the
argument, and what is foreign to it. The
question before the Senate is, whethera com-
mittee about to be created shall come into ex-
istence in the ordinary way, which all can
understand alike, or Whether in its creation
we shall employ unusual and uncertain words,
differently understood already by the members
of the Senate. The question is whether a com-
mittee shall be left to select and rejcct for
itself, "without the knowledge or action of the
Senate, the matters it will consider, and shall
to Ibis end be endowed indefinitely, in advance,
with power to send for persons and papers, or
■whether, following the customary modes of
parliamentary proceeding, a different course
shall be pursued.
Under color of this clearly-seen question,
and as if bearing upon it, the Senator intro-
duces to the Senate certain allegations, often
repeated, pertaining to the custom house in
New York. He directs attention especially to
a past investigation, so called, of the general-
order business. Why? Ostensibly, to con-
vince the Senate that the committee now pro-
posed should have power in advance to pursue
all investigations of its own motion, and to
send for persons and papers withoutany direc-
tion by the Senate. To make this instance of
any value, to make it just and true in this
debate, it should be an instance showing the
need of powers in the committee such as are
now in question; it should at least be a case
in which a committee acted under such powers.
But the ease is expressly otherwise. Look at
the position the Senator assumes. He refers
11s t.o a case which in fact shows how ample
ilie ordinary powers are. It is a case investi-
gated, as the report shows, not by reason of
general powers supposed to attach to the com-
mittee, but under the specific and express
direction of the Senate, just such as is pro-
posed now by the Senator from Rhode Island,
[Mr. Anthony.] Here is the resolution pre-
facing the report, and I call attention to the
fact that the committee rendered to tbe Senate
its report prefaced by this explanation:
"The joint select Committee on Retrenchment,
■wlio were, by a resolution ot the Senate passed l)e-
eember 14,1870, instructed''—■
And then follows the resolution, the latter
part of which only I read :
''Also to particularly i eport on the present system
and practices connected with the warehousing busi-
ness at the port of New York ; also, in relation to
what is commonly known as the 'general-order busi-
ness' and the cartagc of goods while in the custody
ot the Government, beg leave to submit the follow-
ing report."
The very point, that is, the general-order
business, was with unnecessary minuteness
referred by resolution to the committee.
The committee having thus proceeded under
The order of the Senate, the Senator cites us
to what it did, in order to prove that a com-
mit'ee acting in the same way cannot perform
Junctions so great and useful as these.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator will remember
that I myself stated that m that case they had
acted under the authority of a resolution of
the Senate.
Sir. CONKLINGr. That remark, though
quite casual and passing, did not escape me,
Mr. President, and it was one of my reasons
for concluding that the honorable Senator
fiom Missouri had some purpose broader and
more distant than the point to which he was
speaking, in lugging in this dismal recital
touching the custom-house at New York. I
was confirmed in that suspicion by another
circumstance, namely, that this matter to which
he has referred, in addition to being one spe-
cially given in charge to his committee, was
one as to which the committee, by its own
action, was functus officio, one as to which the
committee, astheSenatorshows, unconsciously
perhaps, now, by the logic of his speech, had
discharged its whole duty, having ascertained
what he denominates a great wrong, which he
says calls for legislation. Why, I might ask
the Senator, does not he propose legislation
on that subject now ? If it be true that he has
revealed a colossal wrong, something so trans-
parently improper that merchants, the public
at large, the Secretary of the Treasury, and,
last and most overtopping of all, the commit-
tee, unite in pronouncing it without the shadow
of extenuation, why not bring forward a bill
iu regard to it, instead of dilating upon it at
a time and ill a way which does not admit of
any practical result? Why is it not remedied?
If the Senator is so sure he knows of a great
wrong needing laws to abate it, why does not
the arm of legislation interpose against that
mysterious power" which, pointing upward
with certain nebulous and mysterious expres-
sions, the Senator insinuates presides over the
custom-house and Treasury Department, and
paralyzes and arrests the efforts of reform?
Mr. President. I submit that the honorable
Senator from Missouri, who in logic and
rhetoric alike so far excels some of the rest
of us, shot wide when he went so far to fetch
a precedent and example, unless, indeed, he
went after it for a purpose very different from
that for which it was ostensibly employed.
The laws of civility, and the laws of parlia-
mentary proceeding, inhibit us from ascribing
motives to each other; but I think I may say
within the limits of propriety that to produce
and reproduce, and produce again, when
nothing is pending to which they pertain,
accusations against persons officially repre-
senting the Administration, with swelling and
portentous intimations of overwhelming de-
moralization in the public service everywhere,
these are reasons apart from the business of
the Senate. I cannot be mistaken in believ-
ing that, if allowed to pass unchallenged,
these givings out will carry misapprehension
to the country.
I will not at this time—I hope not at any
time—be drawn into an irrelevant discussion
of matters in tbe New York custom-house. I
am not going to discuss, in this connection,
whether Mr. Grinnell was wise or otherwise in
the change he instituted, and which has been
referred to. I am not going to discuss whether
the Secretary of the Treasury and the other
authorities have been wise orotherwise in suf-
fering the arrangement of the general-order
business inaugurated by Mr. Grinnell to con-
tinue to this time. 1 make one remark upon
it, however, and there 1 confirm the honorable
Senator from Missouri, and I should have
confirmed him had he seen fit to be more em-
phatic. I affirm that the testimony to which
the Senator referred presents not only a pre-
ponderance of evidence that no one at the
White House had any improper connection
with the g -neral-order business, but it estab-
lishes thefactnot only negatively, but it proves
it so clearly as to defy any sane mind, however
prejudiced, to cherish an honest suspicion
that there was between the White House and
the New York custom-house any improper
relation whatever.
Now, Mr. President, as I shall vote for the
resolution proposed by the honorable Senator
from lihode Island, I beg to assign briefly my
reasons for my vote.
It is of little credit to the Republican party,
or to any member of it, however humble or
exalted, to profess or to practice willingness to
investigate the affairs and the administration
of that party. Never in American history was
there a political organization having less to
deter it from rigid investigations, or more to
induce it to go forward in purity and improve-
ment. The strength of the Republican party
resides largely in the fact that it is able and
willing to purify and purge itself; and this you
may see in instances to which reference has
been made.
A short time ago a young man, an official
"whose selection was not obnoxious to any of
the objections made against the existing man-
ner of selecting public officers ; a young man
born of parents able to confer uiioi^ him the
blessings of education ; a man of address ; a
man of intelligence ; a trained accountant ; a
man who, in a competitive examination, would
have come up to the highest stand.ird and
measure of official fitness ; a man who did not
hold his place at the pleasure of anybody, but
who, subject to the Rules and Articles of War,
was to be tried and dismissed the service by
law, and not for political reasons—this man
was found, in an unhappy hour, not long ago, tq
have forgotten himself, and to have crossed
the line which divides integrity from infamy.
I refer, of course, to Hodge, late a paymaster
in the Army.
The national Administration was apparently
responsible for him before the country. Did it
seek to draw avail about hi in? No. sir. He was
seized, hurried to a dungeon, accused, tried,
condemned, and the doors of the penitentiary
swiftly closed behind him for ten years. The
Government entered his habitation, stripped it
of its furniture and sold it. The proceeds went
into the public exchequer, and his wife and
children are beggars and outcasts in the world.
Such are the painful results of a rigorous
administration of justice, and such are the
illustrations furnished by the Republican party
of the truth that it does not protect or screen
offenders, but means, without hesitation and
even without mercy, to hold all who are re-
sponsible to it officially to a stern and unflinch-
ing accountability.
This. I say, is one of the great elements of
strength before the American nation possessed
by the Republican party; and if we were to
degrade the question to the level of mere par-
tisan expediency, it would be suicide for men
who represent that party in this conspicuous
forum, to give any, the least occasion for public
suspicion, that they are unwilling that every
avenue of the service should be swept with a
new broom, or unwilling to hew to the line of
official integrity, no matter where the chips fly.
I say, then, Mr. President, that I assume
of the majority, and I am equally safe in
assuming of the minority, that there is a dispo-
sition to employ every means to introduce fru-
gality and integrity everywhere in the public
service. Accordingly it has been thought wise
to introduce a resolution creating a new com-
mittee, charged with the investigation ofVibuses,
and the honorable Senator from Missouri thinks
that my friend from Michigan behind him
would involve himself in inconsistency were he
to vote for this committee. I do not see this.
The Senator from Michigan argued that to take
out of the hands of the vaiious committees of
the Senate the special matters whereof they
are supposed to be informed and heap them
upon one committee would bsan error. Were
that Senator now to adopt the idea ot' a com-
mittee of mere discretionary jurisdiction. he
might be charged with inconsistency, and it is
to guard against the danger ol undermining
or superseding tbe other committees that the
Senator from Rhode Island has made his res-
olution clear and defined.
It was suggested the other day by the Senator
from Michigan, and by others, and it struck me
with great force, thata committee raised by the
language of the resolution proposed by the Sen-
ator from Illinois would release the standing
committees from a variety of responsibi lit ies and
duties; thatspreadingagener.il drag-net allover
the service, and directing one committee iu ad-
vance, without the order of th* Senate, to take
cognizance of everything, would presuppose a
committee of men of extraordinary versatility
of genius and attainment, and would have the
effect to release every standing committee from
more or less, and no one could determine from
how much, of the responsibilities now resting
upon it.
Now it is proposed to erect a committee to
which may properly be referred all subjects
described by its title. No standing committee
of this body will thereby be exonerated from
