1888
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
Congress to permit a soldier to go upon these
lands thus forfeited? Can the railroad com-
pany not claim them against anybody but the
soldier for whom this act is made ?
Mr. COLE. I do not think it will bear that
construction. A sort ot negative proposition
is that of the Senator from Minnesota. The
amendment opens the lands to one class of
settlers, and of course they arc open to all other
classes of settlers. As long as they remain
by the Department withdrawn from any kind
of settlement, of course any settlement upon
them will be, under the decision to which I
alluded awhile ago, a violation of the law;
they will be simply trespassers, and will have
no protection. They will of course be ousted
by the railroad company the very moment
there is ail extension of the grant to such com-
pany, should we fail to afford them the pro-
tection this amendment will give.
Mr. CARPENTER. I shall vote against
the amendment offered by the Senator from
California, and desire to state briefly the rea-
sons for doing so. That Senator said that his
* amendment will give the soldier something he
does not get by the original bill. That is very
clear. That, is precisely the thing I do not
want to give the soldier; that is, endless and
everlasting litigation. He never would know
whether he had a title to his land or not. It
would depend upon outside facts to be settled
by testimony which he could know nothing
about in regard to the compliance or non-com-
pliance by the railroad company with the con-
ditions of the land grant.
I think, too, there is great force in the sug-
gestion made by my friend from Minnesota,
xiere, if we pass a law providing that these
lands in this condition shall be subject to entry
by the soldier, certainly we do admit by that
action that they would not be subject to entry
by the soldier except for this legislation ; that
is, they are not a part of the public lands, and
therefore a company could with very great
propriety say, as against all the world except
this soldier, Congress has admitted that they
are not parts of the public lands.
Mr. COLE. But as thev now are, are they
subject to settlement?
Mr. CARPENTER. That is wholly imma-
terial to tins point.
Mr. COLft. The answer would be that
they are not subject to settlement by any
parry.
^ Mr. CARPENTER. Whether they are sub-
ject to entry, I understand depends upon
whether there has been a failure, and whether
that failure has been established in some form.
Mr. CONKLING. More than that, the
application ot the bill is general; if they are
subject to entry, are part of the public domain,
the bill now applies to them, to answer the
question ot the Senator from California.
Mr. CARPENTER. Certainly the Senator
jrom California has also announced a very
brave purpose here, in which I am in entire
sympathy with him, and that is, that corpora-
tions are beginning to get too big for this Gov-
ernment, and we shall have to have a scuffle
with them. But I do not propose to adjourn
that scuffle from the Government of the United
States and the Congress of the United States
to these soldiers, who have had scuffling enough
with the world already. If we are to deal with
those corporations, do not let us turn out
against them these maimed and sick soldiers
who are claiming homesteads to live upon and
die upon. Let us go lor them M ourselves.
Let us appoint the Senator from California as
our leader, and let us follow him right into
the camp of the corporations and discipline
them. But do not let us go out in this indi-
rect way and send the pensioned soldiers
after them.
-Mr. HARLAN. J desire to amend the
amendmentas I suggested, i see no objection
to the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia with the amendment I have suggested
i move to amend by adding "after the same
shall have been subject to sale at private
entry."
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust my friend will
withdraw that, because if that amendment is
put on the amendment, it then leaves the law
precisely where it stands.
Mr. HARLAN. I am not sure about that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think there is no doubt
of it. I merely make the suggestion to avoid
the consumption of time.
The YICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state to the Senator from Iowa that if the
amendment of the Senator from California be
agreed to he can still offer his amendment
when the bill shall have been reported to the
Senate.
Mr. HARLAN. Then I withdraw it for the
present; and if that amendment shall be
adopted, I will renew it.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. The question
is on the amendment of the Senator from
California.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
message from the HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheeso.y, its Clerk, announced
that the House had insisted upon its amend-
ment to the bill (S. No. G81) to provide for the
reporting and printing of the debates in Con-
gress, disagreed to by the Senate, and agreed
to the conference asked by the Senate on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. William D. Kelley
of Pennsylvania, Mr. Jons Beatty of Ohio,
and Mr. William E. Arthur of Kentucky,
] managers at the same on its pari.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the bill (S. No. 320) to authorize
the restoration of Gilbert Morton to the naval
service.
The message further announced that the
-House had passed tne following bills; in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (II. II. No. 90S) for the relief of
George A. Stevens, United States Navy ;
A bill (tf. R. No. 2048) for the relief of
I Robert A. Mayo, of Richmond, Virginia: and
A bill (H. It. No. 2049) granting a pension
to Mrs. Margaret Webber.
terminus of union1 pacific jiailitoad.
Mr. HARLAN submitted the following reso-
lution for consideration) which was ordered to
be printed:
TnlChier?Soth-e fourteenth section of an act approved
tt 5 n ' lncorP°rating tho Union Pacific Rail-
road Company provides—
That the said Union Pacific Railroad Company
is hereby authorized and required to construct a
single line ot railroad and telegraph from a point on
the western boundary of the State of Iowa, to be
?h« P/es\dGnt°f the United States, upon
the most direct and practicable route, to be subject
to his approval, so as to form a connection with the
°LSuaid MMPMy at some point on the one
hundredth meridian of longitude aforesaid, from
nrS i!?1# °£.C(^m®?cement on the western bound-
state of Iowa, upon the same terms and
a??' fnr°?h'm . res?eots' as are contained ia this
tfLiSLl ? u.OIlslruc.tion of the said railroad and
o ? /-,mentioned; and tho said Union Pa,-
fe Company shall complete one hundred
f the road and telegraph in this section pro-
cn^dfffnn«l^fTIvyearSf affcerutheir assent to the
conditions of this act, as by the terms of this act
, required, and at the rate of one hundred miles per
■ r thereaiter, _until the whole is completed : Pro-
fn mot? flllluret.up0-n the J>art company
!? said conneotwn in the time aforesaid, and
r obl'g)atlons ""Posed on sai(I comoany
by this section and to operate said road in the sarnA
manner as the main line shall be operated IhSf
forfeit to the Government of the United States all
the rights, privileges, and franchises granted to and
conferred upon said company bythis act:"
And whereas the President of the United States
did on the 11th day of March, A. L>! 1864, makeThe
following communication to the Senate, namely:
To the Senate of the United States :
oomplianco with a resolution of the Senate
of the 1st instant, respecting the points of com-
mencement of the Union Pacific railroad on the one
hundredth degree of west longitude, and of the
branch road from tho western boundary of Iowa to
the said one hundredth degree of longitude, I trans-
mit the accompanying report from tho Secretary ot
the Interior, containing the information callcd foi.
I deem it proper to add, that on the 17th day of
November last an executive order was made upon
this subject and delivered to the vice president ot
the Union Pacific ltailroad Company, which fixed
the point on the western boundary of the State of
Iowa, from which the company should construct
their branch road to the one hundredth degree ot
west longitude, and declared it to be within the
limits of the township, in Iowa, opposite the town
of Omaha, in Nebraska. Sinco then the company
has represented to mo that, upon actual survey
made, it has determined upon the precise point of
departure of their said branch road from the Mis-
souri river, and located the same as described in the
accompanying report of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, which point is within the limits designated in
the order of November last, and inasmuch as that
order is not ot record in any of the Executive Depart-
ments, and the company having desired a more defi-
nite one, I have made the order, of which a copy is
herewith transmitted, and caused the same to be:
filed in the Department of the Interior.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Executive Mansion, March 9,1864.
Indicating that said eastern terminus was on the
17th day of November, A. D. 1863, fixed by him
" within the limits of the township, in Iowa, oppo-
site the town of Omaha, in Nebraska," and that the
precise point had been fixed by a true survey within
said township in Iowa by the said company;
And whereas it is provided in the fifteenth section
of said act of July 1,1862—
** That any other railroad company now incorpor-
ated, or hereafter to be incorporated, shall have the
, right to connect their road with the road and branehe&
provided for by this act, at such places and upon
such just and equitable terms as the President of the
United States may prescribe;"
And whereas the ninth section of an act amenda-
tory of said act, approved July 2, A. D. 1864, pro-
vides—
" That to enable any one of said corporations to
make convenient and necessary connections with
othor roads, it is hereby authorized to establish and
maintain all necessary ferries upon and across the
Missouri river and other rivers which its roads may
pass in its course; and authority is hereby given
said corporation to construct bridges over said Mis-
souri river and all other rivers lor the convenience
of said road: Provided, That any bridge or bridges
it may construct over the Missouri river or any other
navigable river on the line of said road shall be con-
structed with suitable and proper draws for tho pas-
sage of steamboats, and shall be built, kept, and
maintained, at the expense of said company, in such
manner as not to impair the usefulness of said river*
for navigation to any greater extent than such
structures of the most approved character necessa-
rily do;"
And whereas the twelfth section of said act of
July 1,1862, provides—
''The whole line of said railroad and branohe-
and telegraph shall be operated and used for all
purposes of communication, travel, and transporta-
tion so far as the public and Government are con-
cerned, as one connected and continuous line;"
And whereas the fifteenth section of the act oi
July 2,1864, provides—
"That the several companies authorized to con-
struct the aforesaid roads are hereby required to
operate and use said roads and telegraph for all pur-
poses of communication, travel, and transportation
so far as the public und the Government are con-
cerned, as one continuous line; "
<4 And whereas the act approved February 24,1«71
authorizing said Union Pacific Railroad Company
to sell bonds to aid it in the construction of a bridge
across the Missouri river, at the eastern terminus
°£ snu road' Provides "that nothing in this act
shall be so construed as to change the eastern term-
inus of the Union Pacific railroad from the pJace
xt under existing laws, nor to
release said Union Pacific Railroad Company, or its'
successors, from its obligation as established* by ex-
isting laws, and ' that Congress shall at all times
have power to regulate said bridge, and the rates tor
the transportation ot freight and passengers over the
for*"' a local travel hereinbefore provided
And whereas it is alleged that said Union Pacify
iUilroaa Company has violated its charter by refus-
ing to permit railroads in Iowa to connect with it-
teJm!nus on the western boundary of Iowa;
ana by refusing to receive at said terminus passen-
ureighf* und to transport the same over its
" branches as a ' connected and continuous
road westward, and also by refusing to deliver
passengers and freight passing eastward at its east-
ern! ?£?VDUS aforesaid, > the great inconvenience
injury of the public: Therefore
Tli,V^Shlve-d\£hllt the Committee on the Pacific
ihtfo?i li lnsit.ra°te(l to inquire into the truth of
tne saul allegations, and what, if any, additional
legislation is necessary to protect the public interests
li executive communications
J; The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
j: be-nate aletter of the Secretary of War, trans-
j! muting, in compliance with a Senate resohi-
h tion of February 12. 1872, additional papers
