3680
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
present, would vote "ay," is paired with the
gentleman from Illinois, Mr. Farwem,, who
■would vote " no."
Mr. McGREW. I wish to say that I am
paired on this question with the gentleman
from North Carolina, Mr. Cobb. _lf he were
present he would vote "no," while I should
vote " ay."
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I am
paired upon this question with my colleague,
Mr. Crocker, who, if here, would vote in the
negative, while I should vote in the affirm-
ative.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment offered by Mr. Speer., of Pennsylvania.
Mr. FA.RNSWORTH. I believe it was
agreed that that amendment should be modi-
fied.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The modifica-
tion suggested by the gentleman from Illinois
will, I think, satisfy the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will read the
amendment as taken down at the desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
After the word 44 bidder," in the ninth line of the
printed bill, insert "within six months after the
passage of this act;" so that the clause will read :
And the Postmaster General is hereby authorized
to contract with the lowest bidder within six months
after the passage of this act, after sixty days' public
notice, for a term of ten years.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania.^ 1 modify
my amendment by striking out u six months"
and inserting u three months."
Mr. SARGENT. There is no objection to
the amendment as modified.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
theamendment will be considered as agreed to.
The Chair hears no objection.
The question then recurred on concurring
in the Senate amendment as amended.
Mr. HOLMAN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 110, nays 87, not
voting 42; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Averill. Banks. Barnum.
Barry, Bigby, Bingham. Brook?. Burdett, Rodorick
R. Butler, Carroll, Coghlan, Conger, Conner, l)ur-
rall, l)awos,Dickey, Donnan, Duoll, Dunnell, blli«ut,
Farnsworlh, Charles Foster, Fryo, Garfield, Gar-
rett. Geiz. Golladay, Griffith, Hale, llalsey, llarmer,
George Jfi. Uurria, ilawloy, Hays, Gerry W. lUzel-
tou, John W. Uazolton. Hill. Uoai. Hooper.Hough-
ton, Kelloy, Kollogg. Kendall, Ketcham, Killinser,
Lamport, Landing, Lowe, Mellonry. McJuukin, Mc-
Keo, Mereur, Benjamin P. Mcyew, Moore. Morey,
Morphia. Leonard Myers. Negley, Orr, Packard.
Packer, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peek, Peree,
Aaron 1?. Perry, ISii Peiry, Peters, Piatt, Poland,
Potter, liainey, John M. llice, Rogers. Iiusk, Sar-
gent, Sawyer, Seeley, Sessions, Shanks. Sheldon,
bios*, II. iioardman Smith, John A. Smith, Snapp,
Thomas J Spoor,Starkweather, Stoughton, Stosveli,
Sypher, Taflc, Thomas, Dwight Townsend,Washing-
ton Townsend, Turner. Tuthill, Twichell, Upson,
Vnughan, Waddell. Wakemau, Wallace, Walls,
Warren, Wheeler, Whiteley, Williams of Indiana,
Wdliamsof New York, and John T. Wilson—110.
NAYS—Messrs. Ackei, Adams, Ambler, Archer,
Arthur, Barber, Beatty, B*'ck, Bigg^, Austin Blair,
Braxton, Bright,Buckley, Butlinton, Burchard, Oald-
weil, Campbell, Clarke, Coburn. Commgo, Cotton,
Crebs, Crueller, Cross laud, Davis, Dox, Karnes, Ely,
Finkelnburg, Forker, llenrj 1). Foster. Wilder D.
Foster, Giddmgs, Hambleton, Handley, John X.
Harris, Havens, H.ty, llortidmi, Hibbard, llohnan,
King, LauiiMm, Leach. LgwK Hanson, Marshall,
Met lelland, MeCormick. McCrary, Mclntyre, Mc-
Neely, Merriam, Mitchell, Morgan. Niblack, Hosea
W. Parker, Poudloton, Randall. Read, JEiiwurd
Rice, Ritchie, Ellis II. Roberts.William R. Roberts,
Robinson, Scotield, Shellabarger, Sherwood, Shoe-
maker. Slater, Slocum, R. Milton Speer, Sprague,
Stevens, Stevenson Storm, Snong, Terry, Van
Trump, Walden, Waldron, Wells, Whitthorne.
Wiliard, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Winchester, and
Wood-87. _ ,
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Bell, Beveridge, Bird,
James G. Blair, Boies, Benjamin F. Butler, Cobb,
Cox, Creeiy, Crocker, JDe Large, Du Bo&e, Duke,
Kldiedge. Farwell. Goodrich. Halderaan, Hancock,
II auks, Harper, Hereford, Kerr, Kinsella, Lynch,
Maynani. McGrcw, McKinney, Merrick, Monroe,
Porter, Price, Prindle, Roosevelt, Shobcr, Worth.-
ington C. Smith, Snyder, St. John, Sutherland,
Swann, Tyner, Voorhees, and Young—42.
So the amendment of the Senate, as amended,
was cottcurred in,
During the roll-call the following announce-
ments were made:
Mr. FARWELL. On this question 1 am
paired with the gentleman from New York,
Mr. Cox, who, if present, would vote "no,"
while 1 should vote "ay."
Mr. McGREW. As I -have already an-
nounced, I am paired on this question with
the gentleman from North Carolina, Mr.
Cobb. On this question he would vote in
the affirmative, while I should vote in the
negative.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. My col-
league, Mr. Crocker, with whom I am paired
on this question, would, if he were present, vote
"ay," while I should vote " no."
Mr. MANSON. My colleague, Mr. Kerr,
who is detained from the House by sickness,
is paired on this question with the gentleman
from Tennessee, Mr. Mayxard.
Mr. BLAIR, of Missouri. I am paired
upon this question with the gentleman from
North Carolina, Mr. Harper. If he were
present he would vote in favor of this amend-
ment, while I should vote against it.
Mr. McINTYRE. My colleague, Mr. Du
Bose, who is absent on account of sickness,
would, if present, vote " no " upon this ques-
tion.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. PALMER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The Clerk read the next amendment of the
Senate, as follows:
Strike out these words, "for steamship service
between the United States and Brazil, $150,000," and
in lieu thereof insert the following:
And the Postmaster General is hereby directed to
increase the mail service with Brazil now in opera-
tion under the act approved May 28.1864. so as to
provide for deliveries of the mails at New York and
Rio dc Janeiro twice each month; and in the contract
therefor he shall require said semi-monthly service
to be performed for the term of years provided by
the original contract and by steamships wholly con-
structed in the United States, (two of which shall
be of not less than two thousand five hundred tons
burden and the others of not less than two thou-
sand tons burden.) all of which shall be officered by
citizens of the United States, or those who have
declared their intention to become citizens; and the
contractors bhail be required to carry the United
States mails without extra charge on all the steam-
ers thev may run upon said line, or any part ot it,
or any branch or extension thereof; Provided, That
all steamships hereafter accepted for said service
shall be constructed so as to be readily adapted to
the armed naval serviceof the UnitedjStates m time
of war; and before acceptance the officers by whom
th<iy may be inspected shall report to the Secretary
of the Navy and the Postmaster General whether
this condition has been complied with ; and the
Government shall have the right, in case of war, to
take any of said steamers for its own use, and pay,
in such case, a reasonable compensation therefor:
Provided* That the contract herein authorized shall
commence on the lstday of October, 1873, and shall
be awarded to the lowest responsible bidder, after
sixty days' public notice ; and the Postmaster Gen-
eral is hereby authorized and directed, pending the
commencement of the contract for permanent ser-
vice, to arrange temporarily with the present con-
tractors for the additional monthly service at the
rate of$250,000 per annum therelor: Provided fur-
thers That the entire cost to the United States of
said service, performed twice each month, shall not
exceed $400,000 per annum; and any sum of money
which may be hereafter contributed by the Gov-
ernment of Brazil toward such additional service
shall be deducted from the amount of compensation
authorized for said service.
The SPEAKER. The Committee on Ap-
propriations recommend concurrence with the
following amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
In line twelve, page5, of said amendment, after
the word "annum," insert ''which sum is hereby
appropriated for the service of the fiscal year ending
June 30,1873."
Mr. KTLLINGER. I ask the gentleman
having this bill in charge why this does not
provide these ships shall be of American con-
struction? I move to add the following pro-
viso :
Provided, That all new steamships accepted for
said service shall be bnilt of iron and wholly of Amer-
ican construction.
Mf. PALMER. I am willing to allow the
amendment to be offeied. As no gentleman
wishes to debate the proposition, I demand
the previous question. _
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
Mr. LYNCH. I object to the amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Let
them be built of iron or whatever material
may be deemed best.
The question recurred on Mr. Killinger's
amendment.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
thirteen, noes not counted.
Mr. KILLINGER demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered. ^
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. HALE. Is debate closed ?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. HALE. I ask the gentleman for an
opportunity for five minutes to speak against
the amendment.
Mr. PALMER. I am willing to withdraw
the demand for the previous question for that
purpose.
The SPEAKER. That requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. HALE. I have no desire to obtrude
myself on the time of the House. The other
matter was debated at length; and I do not
see why, if any person objects to this subsidy
as 1 do, there should not be some opportunity
to debate it. If, however, the House wants
to vote on it, very well.
The amendment of the committee to the
Senate amendment was rejected.
The question then recurred on the Senate
amendment.
The House divided ; and there were—ayes
25, noes 33.
Mr. HOLMAN demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered,
The question was taken j and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 64, nays 112, not voting
63 : as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Averill, Banks, Barber,
Barnum, Barry, Beveridge, Brooks, Burdett, Ben-
jamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Coghlan, Bar-
rail, Dawes, Elliott, Frye, Garfield, llalsey, Harmer,
Harper, George E. Harris, Hays, John W. Hazelton,
Hooper, Kelley, Kellogg, Ketcham, Lamport, Lan-
sing, Morey, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley, Isaac
C. Parker, Peck, Eli Perry, Piatt, Poland, Kamey,
Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Seele> , Sessions, Sheldon,
Sluss, Snapp, Thomas J. Speei, Stougbton, Sypher,
Taffe, Thomas, Dwight Townsend, Washington
Townsend, Tuthill,Twichell, Upson, Waddell. Wal-
lace, Walls, Wheeler, Whiteley, Williams of New
York, and John T. Wilson—64.
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Adams, Ambler, Arthur,
Beatty, Beck, Bird, Austin Blair, James G. Blair,
Braxton, Bright, Buckley, Buffinton. Caldwell,
Campbell, Carroll, Clarke, Coburn, Comingo, Con-
ger, Conner, Cotton, Crebs, Cros&iand, Davis. Don-
nan, Dox, Duell, Dunnell. Karnes, Ely. Farwell,
Finkelnburg, Forker, Charles Foster, Wilder D.
Foster, Garrett, Getz, Giddings, Griffith, Halde-
man. Hale, Handley, John T. Harris, Havens,
llawley, Hay, Gerry W. llazelton. Hereford. Hern-
don, Hibbard, Hoar, lloiman, Kendall, Killinger,
King, Lamison, Leach Lewis, Lowe, Manson,
Marshall, McClelland, MeCorrnickv McCrary, Mc-
Grew, McHenry, Mclntyre, McNeely, Mereur,
Merriam, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore,
Morgan, Niblaek, Orr, Packard, Packer, Palmer,
Hosea W. Parker, Potter, Randall, Read, Ed-
ward lr. Rice, Ritchie, Ellis H. Roberts, William
R. Roberts. Robinson, Sherwood, Shoemaker, Sla-
ter. H. Boardman Smith, R. Milton Speer, Sprague,
Stevens, Stevenson, Storm, Strong, Sutherland,
Terry, Turner, Van Trump, Wakeman, Walden,
Waldron, Whitthorne, Wiliard, Williams of Indi-
ana, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Wood, and Young—112.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Arcner, Bell, Bigby,
Biggs, Bingham, Bole*, Burehard. Cobb, Cox. Creely,
Orifcher, Crocker, De Large. Diekcy, Du Bose,
Duke, Eldredge, Farnsworth, Henry D. Foster, Gol-
laday,Goodrich, Hambleton, Hancock, Hanks, Hill,
Houghton, Kerr, Kinsella., Lynch, Mnyuard, Mc-
Junkm. McKee. McKinney, Merrick, Monroe, Pen-
dleton, Perce, Aaron F.Perry, Peters, Porter, Price,
Prindle, John M. llice, Rogers, Roosevelt, Scofield,
Shanks, Shellabarger, Shober, Slocum, John A.
Smith, Worthington C. Smith, Snyder, Starkweath-
er, Stowell, St. John, Swann, Tyner, Vaughan,
Voorhees, Wari en, Wells, arid Winchester—<53.
So the amendment of the Senate was not
concurred in,
