2784
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 25,
receive in return the protection of that flag so
long as he violates no law and is guiltless of
crime. .
The Committee on Foreign Affairs m their
resolution of the 11th instant, reported to the
House, declare that Dr. Houard was a native-
bom citizen of the United States, that he
never renounced his nationality, but on the
contrary claimed to be and has been enrolled
by American officials in Cuba as a citizen of
the United States; that_ it appears that his
trial, sentence, and punishment has been in
direct violation of his rights as a citizen of the
United States under the Constitution and laws
thereof, and the treaty of October 27, 1795,
between the United States and Spain. These
are the facts as reported by the committee to
this House; and yet this American citizen has
lain immured in a Spanish prison for more
than twelve months, awaiting trial by a court-
martial of Valmaseda's soldiers, the result of
which could not be in doubt for a moment to
those who know the blood-thirsty and relent-
less spirit which animates his judges, while
our Government looked on either indifferent
to the outrage offered to the American nation
in the person of a citizen, or afraid to demand
his release from a vile imprisonment, and
from what it was in duty bound to know was
an unjust and illegal trial contrary to our
treaties with Spain. Instead ol this, what
little has been done by the Administration
has been chiefly in trying " how not to do
it," and how to evade its responsibility to
the unfortunate citizen who has to depend
upon it for protection without exciting the
indignation of the American people.
Had the Executive discharged its plain and
manifest duty, there would have been no ne-
cessity for Congress to take the step proposed
in defense of the honor of the country, and
the rights of one of its citizens. With a Presi-
dent who knew the laws of his country and
who was qualified to discharge the duties of
that high office with fidelity and zeal, we
would not be called upon to instruct the Ad-
minisiration in its duties and the rights of
American citizens, and Dr. Houard would
be to-day a free man ; for I find that as late
as the second session of the Fortieth Congress
a law was passed commanding the President
to take decisive action in just such cases as
the present. It is as follows:
"Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, That whenever
it shall be undo known to the President that any
oitizen of the United States has been unjustly do-
prived of his liborty by or under the authority of
any foreign Government, it'shall bo the duty of the
President forthwith to demand of that Government
the reason for such imprisonment, and if it appears
to be wrongful and in violation of the rights of
American citizenship, the President shall forthwith
demand the release of sueh oitizen, and iftherolease
so demanded is unreasonably delayed or refused, it
shall bo the duty of the President to use such means
not amounting to acts of war as lie may think neces-
sary and proper to obtain and effect such release,
and all the tacts and proceedings relative thereto
shall, as soon as practicable, be communicated to
Congress.
"Approved, July 27,1868."
We find by the correspondence furnished to
this House, and then only when called for, that
Secretary Fish asserts positively in an official
communication to our representative at the
Spanish court that it does not appear that
Dr. Houard ever renounced his nationality
of birth, or that he ever accepted Spanish
nationality, assertions which all the evidence
and facts in the case justified him in making,
and which alone should have impelled him to
demand Dr. Houard's unconditional and im-
mediate release, and that failing, to report the
facts to Congress for its action and instruc-
tion ; but no, this plain, straightforward, and
eminently proper course would not be in
accordance with the magnificently tortuous
and timid policy of our State Department.
If it performs a good action it becomes
doubtful of its wisdom, and if it utters a bold
word it is frightened at the sound of its own
voice, and accordingly Mr. Fish hastened to
bfeat a retreat, and to justify it by throwing
doubt upon Dr. Houard's citizenship m accept-
ing as true the flimsy falsehoods of Spanish
officials in Cuba, who were Houard s bitter
foes, and who of course would not stop at a
lie any more than a murder to accomplish
their purpose.
In a letter to tlie Vice President the becre-
tary takes issue with his former statements,
with the facts in the case, and I am sorry to
say with the laws of the United States, by as-
serting that if Dr. Houard desired to renounce
his nationality of birth it was not necessary
for him to do more than he actually did ill
quitting the United States, establishing him-
self permanently in Cuba, and in making that
island his residence without any declared or
fixed intention to return to the United States.
If there be circumstances to contradict this
apparent throwing off of American citizenship
they have not been fully presented.
Now, I appeal to every gentleman in this
House if in the whole history of American
diplomacy a more humiliating spectacle can
be presented than the contradictory positions
assumed in these two extracts. In one Dr.
Houard is declared to be a citizen who never
renounced his nationality of birth, and within
three days of the above declaration, a weak,
silly, and illogical attempt is made to prove
that he had renounced his nationality of birth
by a residence in Cuba, and an apparent throw-
ing off of American citizenship, and that if
there be circumstances to contradict this ap-
parent throwing off of citizenship they have
not been fully presented. So it is necessary
for a native-born citizen, whose father was also
a citizen, to prove, while confined in foreign
dungeons, with chains upon his limbs and sur-
rounded with foes gloating for his blood,
that he had not becomc a Spanish subject,
and that he was an American citizen, simply
because he had resided for many years in
the neighboring island of Cuba, practicing
his profession of physician. Not a particle
of evidence has been presented to this Gov-
ernment that he had ever renounced the na-
tionality of birth ; but, on the contrary many
of his relatives who live in Philadelphia, his
two brothers and son and sister among the
number, all of whom are American citizens,
assert positively and are willing to certify on
oath that Dr. Houard never renounced his
allegiance to our flag, and that he did intend
returning to this country to spend the closing
days of his life here, and to lay his bones in
the soil upon which he was born. These facts
of themselves should have been ample proofs
of his undoubted right to receive the protec-
tion of our Government; but there are others
still more convincing, because they come from
our own officials, and they show conclusively
that he remained unchanged in his allegiance
to his native land.
After the publication of the law in Cuba in
1868, requiring foreigners to register, in order
that they might be treated as such, Dr. Houard
registered his name as an American citizen.
But even if he had not done so, and failed to
comply with the regulations of the Spanish
Government in regard to resident foreigners,
such an act of omission could in no way or
manner affect his American citizenship, or be
construed by our Government as a renuncia-
tion of his nationality of birth ; but it has
remained for the present Administration to
make a new discovery in the theory of citizen
ship. Andrew Johnson was bad enough and
fertile enough in finding pretexts for allowing
Americans to remain in British jails without
trial and without cause, but it remained for
General Grant to discover a new process for
transforming native-born Americans into Span-
ish convicts by an apparent throwing off of
American citizenship.
It is claimed by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Ambler,] who addressed the House on
yesterday in opposition to the resolution of the
majority of the committee, that Dr. Houard's
residence in Cuba for many years absolved him
from allegiance to the country of bis birth, and
by the mere act of residence made him a Span-
ish citizen. Now, sir, I have yet to learn of
the existence of any law either of the United
States or of Spain, or of any other civilized
country, to justify his theory. If there is an
American statute, why did he not produce it?
We will have to bow to that, tor it is by the
laws of our own country we will have to be
guided. If there is any law of Spain to justify
hisassertion, why didhenot produce it? Hehas
certainly had time enough as a member of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs to hunt it up if
any such existed. But it does not exist, but
on the contrary the Spanish law is explicitand
exacting in regard to conferring citizenship on
foreign residents in Cuba and in bpain.
I will read the provision of the law m that
regard:
" Art 24. At the expiration of the five years for-
eign settlers desiring to become naturalized shall
apply to the Government, with their certificate of
residence, nnd shall declare that they pledge them-
selves to remain permanently in the island. The
Government shall make due inquiry, and if they
shall appear to possess the necessary good qualities,
to have resided continuously tor five years in the
island, to be possessed ol real e>tate, and to be en-
gaged in any industnal pursuit, they shall be allowed
to take the oath of naturalization, iu which they
shall promise fidelity to the Catholic religion, to the
king, and to the laws, renouncing every right, priv-
ilege, and protection of foreign citizenship, and pledg-
ing themselves to maintain no dependency upon,
relation with, or civil subjection to the country of
their birth. This shall not, however, comprise do-
mestic relations or family correspondence, or the
management of properly or interests, which may bte
maintained by any resident foreigner, in accordance
with the provisions of the royal decree and instruc-
tion of September 2. 1791, and subsequent circulars.
"Art. 2(5. Naturalized foreigners shall enjoy all
the rights and privileges of Spaniards, as shall also
their children and legitimate descendants, according
to article fifteen.
"The foregoing are substantially the provisions
which are applicable to foreign settlers established
in the island of Cuba. As regards the^ general con-
dition of foreigners in Spain, law No. 7, page 14,
book first, of the latest collection of the statutes, says
that natives are those born in Spain of Spanish
parents, and the children of foreigners who have
been domiciled in Spain for the space of ten years;
likewise those born m foreign countries of Spanish
parents residing abroad accidentally or in the service
of the king, but without any intention of changing
their nationally.
"foreigners are classified in Spain as naturalized,
resident, and transient.
" The first are those who, according to the political
constitution, have obtained certificates of natural-
ization.
"Residents are in the same category as Spaniards.
" Those who have established their domicile any-
where in the monarchy are considered as residents.
"Likewise those who apply for and obtain the qual-
ity of residents in any town of the same.
"Likewise those who marry Span iaras and live dom-
iciled in Spain ; and if the woman is a foreigner, she
becomes, by the act uf marrying, subject to the same
laws and acquires the same domicile as her husband.
"Any foreigner desiring to become a resident of
Spain must take the oath of fidelity to the religion,
to the king, and the laws, lenouncing every right
and privilege of foreign citizenship, and all protec-
tion conferred by the same, declaring that he will
maintain no dependence upon, or civil subjection
to.the country of his birth.
" It is proper to consider that the law regards
becoming a resident &s a voluntary act on the part
of the foreigner ; likewise his residing transiently,
on condition that in the latter case he is not to enjoy
the advantages and rights of the residents and in-
habitants ot the kingdom. This liberty, which was
left by an ancient law, has been confirmed by an ex-
planation ot the Government, since, in consequence
of a complaint made by the embassy of France, the
minister of state, m a note addressed to the said em-
bassy under date of May 28, 1837, declared that the
statement in paragraphs one and four of the consti-
tutlon> that all persons born in Spain are Spaniards,
and likewise foreigners who have gained a residence
in a ny town of the monarchy is in the sense of con-
ceding to both a privilege and a right, not in that of
imposing an ob'igation upon them or to force them
t? be Spaniards against their will if, having the
right of citizenship in another country, they prefer
it to the one acquired in Spain. Although a for-
eigner is free to acquire residence or to remain tran-
siently, he must inake his choice known, together
with the conditions to which he subjects his resi-
resident (aveciadado) takes the oath
which has already been described, but the transient
sojourner (transeunte) only takes <tn oath of submis-
sion and obedience to the king and to the laws.
According to the sense of the law, and the practice
wmch is observed, foreign wholesale merchants are
now considered as transient residents, notwithstand-
ing their long residence in the peninsula, and tran-
sient residents are no longer prohibited from prac-
ticing those trades and professions which the laws
lorinerly reserved for native and domiciled residents*
