u
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 13,
Ho. of Reps
Public Building at Albany, New York—Mr. Perry.
42d Cong.,..2d Sess.
State makes or enforces a law, it is done as a
State, and acts upon the citizens of the State;
not upon citizens of the United States as such.
If a man commits treason against a State he
is to be punished by State authority. The
United States cannot punish him for treason
committed against the State. If he commits
treason against the United States by levying
war he cannot be punished bj' State authority,
simply because what he does against the United
States he does as a citizen of the United States,
and what he does against the authority of the
State he does as a citizen of the State. There-
fore this amendment does not go far enough ;
if it intended to include the citizens of a State
it ought to have gone further and said that it
applied to a citizen of the State as a citizen of
the State, and not as a citizen of the United
States.
Here are individuals living within the limits
of a State and there is some alleged infraction
of State law. They do this as citizens of the
State, and they are punishable by the laws of
the State ; but they do not da it as citizens of
the United States, nor do they do it against a
citizen of the United States, but as citizens of
the same State. Now, this bill attempts to
give jurisdiction to the Federal courts for acts
committed by one citizen of a State against
another citizen of the same State. That cannot
be done according to the Constitution. One
citizen of a State canuot sue another citizen
of the same State in a court of the United
States; they must be citizens of different
States. This amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts contravenes the provision of
the Constitution in this respect, which de-
clares that—
"The judicial power [of the United States] shall
extend to all cases in law and equity arising under
this Constitution, the laws of the United States, and
treaties made, or which shall be made, under their
authority; to all cases affecting embassadors, other
public ministers and consuls; to all cases of admir-
alty and maritime Jurisdiction; to controversies to
which the United States shall be a party; to contro-
versies between two or more States; between a State
and citizens of another State; between citizens of
different States," ka.
It was designed by the wise and patriotic
framers of the Constitution of the United
States, who knew the jealousy of State sover-
eignty and power and the dread of conceding
too great powers to the Federal Government,
and the necessity of restricting it within definite
and marked limits, while it protected it in its
specific and legitimate rights, from encroach-
ments and invasion by the States, that for any
exercise of power by either government, not ex-
pressly delegated by the States to the other, nor
expressly denied to the States, the latter class
being necessary to the existence and enjoy-
ment of the delegated powers, the common
arbiter should be the Supreme Court, which
should have the jurisdiction over all cases that
could legitimately arise under the Constitution
and laws of the United States. This was de-
signed as a peaceful and harmonious mode of
adjusting such differences, and the only one that
could prevent collisions, insurrections, and
physical resistance. The two systems could not
revolve in their respective spheres in any other
way. The remedy in all such cases was through
the courts, and if the laws of Congress were
not sufficient to bring the cases before those
tribunals, it had the powerto provide such legis-
lation as would alone effect that object.
The State of Maryland imposed a tax upon
the property of the United States Bank. The
Supreme Court decided that the statute was
unconstitutional, because it was a tax on a
fiscal agent of the General Government, and
it might be^so increased as to tax it out of ex-
istence. I he same State also taxed imported
goods in the box or bale; the Supreme Court
decided that the tax could not be levied till
the bale or box was broken. These are
instances of the gentle and wise operation
of the workings bf the ttoo systems of govern-
ment, submitted to by the State. They have
also decided an act of Congress to be uncon-
stitutional, and the Government has acqui-
esced. Strife, force, collision would ensue if a
course had been devised such as is now at-
tempted under this amendment. The consti-
tutional amendments have elevated the negro
to citizenship, but they do not give to him any
other right than the white titizen enjoyed
when the former was raised to the common
platform of eitizen ship. He has no other privi-
leges or immunities, nor any other legal means
to redress alleged wrongs than the white man,
either as a citizen of a State OS: bf the Uni-
ted States._ The provision in the fourteenth
amendment of the Constitution does not refer
particularly to the negro, but to all, in these
words:
" No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of the United States; nor shall any State deprive
any person of life, liberty, or property, without due
process of law, nor deny to any person within its
jurisdiction the equal protection of the law."
There is no race or color alluded to in this
section upon which the Senator's [Mr. Sum-
neb] bill is founded. The original Constitu-
tion declares that—
" 2so State shall pass any expost facto law, or law
impairing the obligation of contracts, nor make any-
thing bnt gold and silver coin a tender in payment
of debts," &e.
These denials of authority to a State are in
the_ same terms, and yet no power was ever
claimed by Congress to carry legislation into
the States to execute them; they are to be
enforced by the courts in the manner and as
in the cases already cited. If Congress has
power, before or after a State shall legislate, to
extend its legislation to its domestic institu-
tions, as this amendment essays to do, you des-
troy the checks, the restraints, the balances of
the Constitution; you throw the Federal Gov-
ernment out of its sphere of action; you force it
into the constitutional circle and powers of the
States, derange the whole order and system
of Government, and bring to the test of force
what the spirit and letter of our institutions
have ordained to be settled by peaceful adju-
dication. You strike a fatal blow at the local
organizations and legislation of the States,
and make the ipse dixit of the Federal Gov-
ernment, accompanisd with fines, imprison-
ments, and punishments, the supreme law,
instead of the established practice of the Gov-
ernment and the peaceful and effectual reme-
dies of the courts.
I heard it argued to-day by the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] that under the
word "protection" "the equal protection of
the laws," this power may be exercised.
What is "the equal protection of the laws?"
"To protect" means to preserve, to defend.
It must relate to something that already exists.
If there is a right, protection only applies
to 1t. _ It does not create or enlarge a right,
but it is only a matter of defense and a shield
to any one whose existing rights may be in-
vaded. It cannot enlarge a right; it cannot
create a right, privilege, or immunity; it is
Only to defend and protect the immunities
and privileges which have an existence.
I have aiso heard it said by the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] that the citizens
of the United States were entitled to all the
privileges of citizens " to which individuals are
entitled under the common law of England."
The^rights of persons under the common law
of England are absolute and relative. Abso-
lute rights are such as appertain and belong to
private men considered merely as individuals or
single persons; relative rights are those which
are incident to them as members of society,
and connected to each other by various ties
and relations. The absolute rights of each
individual are defined to be "the right of
personal security, the right of personal lib-
erty, the right of private property.'' Chancellor
Kent has added a fourth right, "to profess
a religion and worship God." The right of
personal security consists in a person's legal
and uninterrupted enjoyment of his life, his
iimbs, his body, his health, and his reputa-
tion. Personal liberty consists in the power
of locomotion, of changing one's situation, of
moving one's person to whatsoever place one's
own disposition may direct, without impedi-
ment or restraint, unless by due course of law.
The right of property consists in the free use,
enjoyment, and disposal of all his acquisitions,
without any control or diminution, save only
by the laws of the land.
These are common-law rights, and they
maybe all enjoyed; but there is no mention
nor hint of the right to enter into your schools
or your churches, benevolent institutions, &c.,
no allusion to any such rights as these; and I
defy the production of a single authority that the
common-lawrights extend to any such. These
are regulatedby law, and all the rights which can
be obtained are those which are to be obtained
under it. Therefore, these common-law rights
mentioned by the Senator from Ohio are not
relevant to a case of this kind, and especially
not where we have two sovereignties, two gov-
ernments, limited and defined as the General
Government is, leaving unlimited and unde-
fined all the powers of the State governments
not. expressly carved out of their original sov-
ereignty and powers, and imparted to the Fed-
eral Government.
In conclusion, permit me to say that this
whole measure is palpably unconstitutional,
and calculated, if successful, to destroy the
Government, and to raise on its ruins a great
despotic Power which will absorb the liber-
ties of the Republic. It was said by the dis-
tinguished scholar and historian, Macaulay,
that "one of the severest trials which the head
and heart of man can be put to is great, and
rapid elevation." This is equally true of
political parties, and the high eminence to
which the accidents and fortunes of war have
pushed the Republican party have so infatu-
ated it that nothing but an essential and radi-
cal change in the character and systems of our
Government, and the destruction of the land-
marks of the Constitution, is to be expected
from its sudden and temporary success.
Public Building at Albany, Hew York.
SPEECH OF HON. ELI PERRY,
of new york,
In the House or Representatives,
February 13,1872,
On the bill (II. R. No. 1534) to provide for a buildins
for tho use of the post office, custom-house, Uni-
ted States circuit and district courts, and internal
revenue offices at Albany, New York.
Mr. PERRY, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
the bill which I have introduced in the House
provides for a public building for the use of
a post office, custom-house, pension office,
internal revenue offices, and United States cir-
cuit and district courts, at the city of Albany,
New York.
I would ask, Mr. Speaker, the indulgence
oi the Mouse to explain some of the many
reasons why the city of Albany is justly and
fairly entitled to a Government building. Con-
sidering the population of Albany, its business
transactions, and its extensive growth, as well
as the benefits derived by the Government, it is
in every way worthy of the passage of this bill.
Albany is increasing very rapidly in many
respects. The population of the city and
county of Albany, taken at the last census, in
1870, was 133,108, and the increase for the
last year lias added to that number; and I
