992
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrLOBB.
February 13,
What does he mean ? I think I can show what
proportion of my friends are here.
Mr. CONKLING, The Senator is out of
order debating his own motion. It is not de-
batable.
Tfc a PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senator
from Ohio has moved that the Senate do now
adjourn. *
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered j and being
taken, resulted—yeas 18, nays 23 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Boreman, Carpenter Corbett, Fre-
hnghuysen, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Maryland.
Hamilton of Texas, Hill, Johnston, Pool, Itobert-
son, Scott, Sprague, Stevenson,Stockton, Thurman,
J.ij>ton, and Trumbull—18.
NATS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Clayton, Cole,
Conkhng, Crajnn, Edmunds, Fenton. Ferry of Mich-
igan, Gilbert, llarlan, Hitchcock. Kellogg. Mori ill
of Vermont, O^born, Patterson, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Rice, Sawyer, Spencer.Vickers, ana Wilson—23.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Brown-
low, Buckingham, Caldwell, Cameron, Oasserly,
Chandler, Cooper, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of
West Virginia, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan,
llatnhn, Howe, Kelly Lewis, Logan, Morrill of
Maine, Morton, Norwood, Nye, Prntt, Snulsbury,
Schurz. Sherman, Stewart, Sumner, West, Wmdom,
and Wright—32.
Bo the Senate refused to adjourn.
KXKCUTrVK SRSSIOV.
Mr. SPENCER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
busi u ess.
lhe \ ICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of: the Senator from Alabama.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. ^ After twenty minutes spent in exec-
utive session, the doors were reopened, and (at
four o'clock and twenty-nine minutes p. in.)
the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, February 13, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by^the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
lhe Journal of yesterday was read in part,
and then
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, moved that the
further reading of the Journal be dispensed
with.
lhe SPEAKER. That will require unani-
mous consent.
No object ion was made, and it was ordered
accordingly.
SECRETARY 0? NEW MEXICO.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the Hou^e a communication from the
Secretary ot the Inteiior, in re'aiion to the
non-payment of the salary of the secretary of
Ne\v Mexico, and e.x officio superintendent of
public buildings in that Territory ; which was
reierred to the Committee on the Territories
and ordered to be printed. '
WOOD'S END BAIt SII0AL3.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Jreasury,iu answer
to the resolution of the House of January 22,
1872, ia relation to establishing a light to mark
the shoals known as Wood's End bar, in Prov-
incotown, Massachusetts.
Mr. BUFF1N TON. I move that this com-
munication be referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed,
lhe motion was agreed to.
TRADE ON NORTHEASTERN FRONTIER.
lhe SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Treasury, transmit-
ting a draft of a bill relating to the trade by
sea, on the northeastern frontier; which was
reierred to the Committee oil Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
WHITE KARTII RESERVATION.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid belore the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, transmit-
ting an estimate of appropriation to aid and
eucourage the Indians on the White Earth
reservation in Minnesota; -which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
STORM SIGNALS, ETC.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War in relation to the
expense of the observation and report of
storms by telegraph and signals; which was
referred to tlie Committee on Appropriations,
and ordered to be printed.
SIOUX INDIAN DEPREDATIONS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior in relation
to the claim of William E. Dougherty, on
account of depredations alleged to have been
committed by Sioux Indians; which was
referred to the_ Committee of Claims, and
ordered to be printed.
PRESENTS AND PROVISIONS FOR INDIANS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, transmitting a
statement of expenditures by the War Depart-
ment for the purchase of presents and provis-
ions for Indians during the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1871; "which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered
to be printed.
MILITARY POSTS IN TEXAS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
trom the Secretary of War, transmitting a
statement showing the expenditures for con-
struction and repairs of buildings at each fort
and military post in Texas; which was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations, and
ordered to be printed.
IMPROVEMENT OP HARBORS.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid belore the House a communication
from the Secretary of War, in answer to a
resolution of the House adopted February 1,
1872, in relation to the improvement ot the
harbors of Sandusky, Ashtabula, and Wauke-
gan; which was referred to the Committee on
Commeice, and ordered to be printed.
NORTHERN BOUNDARY OP NEBRASKA.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a communication
from the Secretary of the Interior, transmit-
ting ail estimate of appropriations for the sur-
vey of the northern boundary of Nebraska;
which was^ reierred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
ELKCTtON CONTEST WHITJ10RE VS. IIERXDON.
l he SPEAKER also laid before the House
testimony in the contested-election case of
Whitmore vs. Herndon, from the first congres-
sional district of Texas; which was referred
to the Committee of Elections.
PRINTING OF LAND OFFICE REPORT
The SPEAKER. The resolution of the
House in regard to printing the report, of the
Commissioner of the General Laud Office has
come back from the Senate with amendments,
lhe original resolution will first be read, and
afterward the amendments.
The Clerk read as follows:
Remhed, (iho Senate concurring,) That there bo
printed live thousand copies of the report of the
Commissioner oi the General Land Office for187U
of whiuh three thousand shall be for the use of the
House, one thousand tor the Senate, and one thou-
sanu xor the land department.
The SPEAKER. The amendments of the
Senate wiil now be read.
'Ilie Clerk read as follows:
Amend the resolution so as to read as follows-
(the beriate concurring,) That there ho
Printed ten thousand copies of the report of the
Commissioner of the General land Office for 1871),
of which six thousand copies shall bo for the use of
the House, two thousand for the Senate, and two
thousand for the land department.
Mr. BEATTY. I think that the amend-
ments of the Senate had better be referred
to the Committee on Printing. I make that
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
SENATE RESOLUTIONS FOR PRINTING.
The SPEAKER. A resolution from the Sen-
ate for the printing of extra copies of the
coast survey report, and another resolution
m regard to extra copies of the report of the
Tehauntepec surveying expedition, will be
referred, if there be no objection, to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
There was no objection.
PENSIONS.
Mr. HAWLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce for consideration at the present
time a bill (H. R. No. 1532) supplementary
to the several acts relating to pensions.
The bill, which was read, provides that all
persons who, under and by virtue of the first
section of an act entitled "An act supplement-
ary to the several acts lelating to pensions,
approved March 3, 1865, were deprived of
their pensions during any portion of the time
from March 8, 18(5-5, to June 6, 18GG, by reason
of their being in the civil service of the United
States, shall be paid their pensions withheld
by virtue of said section of the act aforesaid
during the period between March 3, IfaCj, and
June (5, 18G6.
Mr. HAWLEY. Mr. Speaker, this bill
passed the House at the last session 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Uhio. I object.
Mr. HAWLEY. Will not the gentleman
allow me to make a statement?
Mr. GARFIELD, ot Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. HAWLEi". This bill passed the House
at the last session, but failed in the Senate for
want of time. 1 have submitted it to the
chairman of the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions, and it is approved by him, as no doubt
it would be by the Committee on Pensions. I
have presented the bill because a com'iiittee
of these maimed soldiers who have the matter
in charge called upon me and requested me to
present it. I did so, supposing there would
be no opposition to it.
Mr. GARIIELD, of Ohio. I do not object
particularly, but there is one only safe ground,
and that is to go on with this great machine in
regular order,
Mr. HAWLEY. Does the gentleman object
to it ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do.
Mr. HAWLEY. I ask, th en, that it be re-
ferred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
Ihere was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
POLITICAL DISABILITIES.
Mr. DU BOSE, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill (H. R. No. 1533) to remove
the political disabilities imposed by the four-
teenth amendment upon certain persons in the
State of Georgia; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill, which was read, provides for the
removal pi all political disabilities imposed
by the third section ot the fourteenth amend*
ment to the Constitution of the United Slates
upon Joel Abbott, Biliups and Augustus Reese
of the county ot Morgan ; Edwai'd LI. Pottle,'
ot the county of Warren; Chapley RossStrother,
of the county of Lincoln; John Jones, uf the
cou ty of Baldwin; X, (J. LSainett, of the county
ot Baldwin; Henry B. Hulme, of the county
of Elbert; Nicholas Deihl, of the county of
Jefferson ; Miles W. Lewis, of lhe countv of
Green ; James R. Lawhoti, of Lumpkin county ;
James M. Motley, of the county of Harris, and
Martin J. Crawford, of Muscogee county.
lhe bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
