1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
45
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Public Building at Albany, New Yorlc—Mr. Perry.
Ho. of Keps..
think I can with safety say that our popula-
tion now would exceed 135,000. The popula-
tion of my district at the last census was
166,447. It has also the advantage of another
important feature, that of being the capital of
the Stato, rendered permanent by the massive
building now being erected there. I am in-
formed by prominent architects that the Cap-
itol at Albany covers more ground than the
present Capitol building does here at Wash-
ington.
1 would ask the attention of the honorable
members of the House to some other import-
ant matters that I would mention here in con-
nection with what I have already said. It
is well known and understood, no doubt, by
every member of this honorable body, that
Albany is very near the head of navigation
of the Hudson river, and the terminus of the
great Erie canal, and also of several enter-
prising railroads. Its commerce has been for
a long time immense, and must necessarily
increase.
As regards the lumber market at Albany,
I can safely challenge any other lumber
market either for convenience, quality, or
quantity. The lumber district commences at
Worth Ferry street, about one mile from the
heart of the city, and running parallel with
the Troy road for one mile. The lumber-
yards occupy the entire space of one hundred
and ten acres between the Hudson river and
the Brie canal. The sales of lumber at the
yards for the year 1870, were in money value
$9,774,093 ; and for the year 1871 they ex-
ceeded eleven million dollars.
The other products of the country which find
their regular market at Albany are immense ;
such as barley, wheat, oats, malt, flour,' and
pork, for which a large amount of duties are
collected at that porl.
I will now proceed, Mr. Speaker, to give
some facts and figures of some of our Govern-
ment officials at Albany.
I will commence with the custom-house,
showing the amount of business at the port of
Albany. For one quarter, commencing Octo-
ber 1 and ending December 31, 1871, the value
of goods imported was $317,766; amount of
duty collected in gold, $76,910 05; making in
value of goods imported for the year, $1,271,064;
the duties in gold for the year, $307,640 20.
In addition there are five hundred vessels
enrolled here, for which we have to issue
licenses yearly, which is of itself sufficient to
constitute a department. The present accom-
modations .of the custom-house are> but one
small room twenty-eight by eleven feet, for
which we have to pay a rent of $400 per
annum. This room is not sufficient for the
accommodation of the business of the office,
as everything has to be huddled together, and
it is with much difficulty that we can lay our
hands on records and papers that accumu-
late, and many are valuable to the Govern-
ment, and in case of fire the loss would be a
serious one.
The following statement will show the re-
ceipts from internal revenue in the fourteenth
district of New York, from June 30, 1863, to
June 30, 1871:
For tho year ending—
June 30,1863  £604,674 22
June 30,1864  1,783,639 59
June SO, 1865  2,301,094 97
June 30,1866   3,075,167 13
June 30, 1867   2,979,367 23
June 30,1868  1,342,252 43
June 30,1869  1,264.410 59
June 30,1870  1,406,228 34
June 30,1871  1,094,693 94
Total $15,812,128 44
Mr. Speaker, I will now proceed to abate-
ment of the business transactions of the United
States pension agent. This office is one of
the most important in the country. During
the year ending the 1st July last the pension
agent paid out $1,750,000. He has enrolled
eleven thousand pensioners to pay quarterly,
making a total of forty-four thousand payments
of pensioners a year. The accommodations
in which this office is held are'entirely inad-
equate, and not equal in many respects for the
purpose. During the quarterly payments the
place is thronged with pensioners, and often-
times the agent has to use great precaution in
admitting only a certain number at a time,
fearing that some accident may occur owing
to the weakness of the building where so rtany
people congregate for the purpose mentioned.
In this instance the same difficulty arises as
with the custom-house as regards the many
valuable papers and records that must of
necessity accumulate where so large a busi-
ness is transacted, and in case of fire a great
loss in all probability would be the result.
For the United States courts, Mr. Speaker,
in this respect there are in fact no conven-
iences. Three terms are held yearly, and
usually at times when the local courts are in
session. Many times the United States court
has had to be held in the fourth story of the city
hall, and that entirely inadequate for such a,
purpose, and much to the disgust of the judges,
who have threatened more than once to have
the terms changed to other cities. Should
Albany be ignored in this respect, the loss
would be no trifling one. Each term of the
courts brings to the city several hundred stran-
gers, witnesses and others, who spend a con-
siderable amount of money there. The com-
missioners pay over one thousand dollars a
year rent, and no value received at that.
It is conceded by all that there should be
a suitable building in which the postal busi-
ness of the United States may be properly
and economically transacted in Albany. This
is one of the most important distributing
offices in the country, and probably has the
poorest provision made for it of any. The
post office is fiept in a portion of a massive
building, constructed of granite, the size of
which is about seventy-live by one hundred
and fifty feet, of which a portion, of only forty-
five by sixty feet, is rented to the Government
for its use as a post office at a yearly rent of
$2,300. This is situated on the lower floor, a
little above high-water mark, mostly in the
center of the building. Into this space are
crowded thirty-four clerks, twenty-four letter-
carriers, and two local agents, iu apartments
consisting of money-order office, registry room,
mailing room, deputy postmaster's room, and
general delivery room, andan apartment fifteen
by sixteen feet for the twenty-four cashiers.
There is no room for the postmaster, nor pri-
vate room of any kind for the use of special
agents of the Department, no store-room, no
cellar room. In addition to the number of per-
sons engaged in the office, there are sixty
postal clerks and route agents who report here,
some of whom are almost constantly arriving
and departing, and for whom no provision of
any kind is made other than what 1 have stated.
The apartments allotted to this office, occupy-
ing so small a space of so large a building, are
necessarily poorly lighted and worse ventilated,
gas requiring in some portions of it to be kept
constantly burning—a very expensive neces-
sity, the amount paid the gas company being
$2,400 in one year. The basement of the
building is in a wretched condition, being
flooded with water frequently during each year,
owing to a total want of drainage, and other
evils too numerous to mention.
Mr. Speaker, I have carefully examined the
report of the Postmaster General. Table six
in that report, which contains a statement of
the "receipts and disbursements at depository
post offices on account of the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1871," shows that Albany stands
third on the list of depository offices in the
amount of its receipts and disbursements. By
reference to that table it will be seen that
the "proceeds" of the office at Albany for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1871, were
$74,192 11. The collections were $1,219 38,
making an aggregate accumulation for the
year oi $151,465 94, to which add the amount
subject to draft, and you have a total of
$155,511 48. But two other depository post
offices in the United States exceed this amount
in their receipts and disbursements; those of
Chicago and Cincinnati. Of these Chicago
obtained, with unanimity on the part of Con-
gress, $4,000,000 for the purpose of construct-
ing public buildings for the use of the Govern-
ment. Cincinnati has been provided with a
commodious and elegant structure in which
the business of the Federal Government is
transacted. Cleveland, which disburses nearly
fifty thousand dollars less money than Albany
through her post office yearly, has a beautiful
building, in which the business of the Uuited
States is transacted with convenience and
safety to the property of the Governmont;
while the post office at the city of Albany, with
all its benefits derived in favor of the interests
to the Government, has not a granite stone or
a brick to its name, nor ever had; neither is
there any place that can be had that would
better the condition here represented. And
it seems to me that the actual necessity and
the growth of the city, as well as its large busi-
ness capacity, must place Albany at the head
of the list for a Government building.
Mr. Speaker, I would most respectfully ask
the indulgence of the House while I make
some remarks touching the growth of Albany.
The manufacturing establishments of different
kinds are becomingnumerous. Thousands of
mechanics and laboring men are employed in
the manufacture of railroad iron, car-wheels,
hollow ware, machinery, iron safes, carriages,
cabinet-ware, morocco, paper, shoes, and
agricultural implements of various kinds, so
extensively known to the agricultural com-
munity in all directions of our country. All
the above manufactures are on a large scale,
and many others I might mention of trades in
a smaller way.
Albany has a very extensive produce mar-
ket. Millions of bushels of grain enter that
port by railroad and canal, and find a market
in all directions on our eastern shores, which
is a vast business of itself, transacted by the
Board of Trade, consisting of a class of mer-
chants that deal oxclusively in the articles of
flour and grain, besides many other merchants
who are importers of goods. A large busi-
ness is done by that class of merchants in that
direction.
Our city is and lias been for some time
extending its boundary. The lower part of
the city below Pearl street to the Hudson
river is mostly being used for business pur-
poses. The buildings tbat were once occupied
for dwellings are fast becoming removed or
remodeled into large and elegant stores. Even
some of our churches liave disappeared from
their old landmarks and gone up higher with
the multitude, and mingled tlieir spires with
the elegant mansions that adorn that portion
of the city that is set oil a hill and that cannot
be hid.
Mr. Speaker, we claim to be a progressive
people in many respects. We have erected
within the last two years a new city building,
at a cost of $275,000, the business of the city
becoming so extensive that the old city hall
was not half sufficient to contain tho offices
pertaining to the wan to of our city government.
And that is not all. The common council
have determined, and the people have acqui-
esced iu it, to lay out a splendid park m the
western part of our city, containing two hun-
dred and fifty acres of land well^ adapted for
that purpose, with all the requisites to beau-
tify it, of rolling ground, ravines, and a living
