I 1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2785
Oti this principle the royal order of August 11,1837,
permitted foreigners temporarily residing in the
country to practice the liberal arts, mechanical
trades, and to do business as retail merchants, even
without obtaining the quality of residents, (aveciu-
dados) provided they obtained a license from the
political chief and paid the industrial subsidy.
Moreover, article nineteen of the commercial code
provides that foreigners who have not become
legally naturalized or domiciled may carry on trade
in Spanish territory according to the rules agreed
upon in the treaties in force with their respective
Governments.
According to the provisions which have been
copied, a negative reply may be made to the ques-
tion relative to the sou of a foreigner who came as a
settler to the island of Cuba, since the conditions
and requisites are clearly laid down, without which
he who has not complied with them on account of
being unwilling to lose his primitive nationality is
not considered as a native or a Spaniard.
Here are the laws of Spain, clear, precise,
and emphatic, in regard to the forms and
oaths to be observed and performed by a for-
eigner who would become a citizen of Spain.
Did Dr. Houard ever take an oath of alle-
giance to Spain, or perform any act, volun-
tarj or otherwise, by which, under these
laws of Spain, he became a Spanish citizen?
If he did, where is the proof, where is the
evidence? There is none, and therefore it
cannot be produced. And even the Spanish
minister, in his communication to the Sec
retary of State, did not dare to claim that
by any voluntary act of his Houard became
a Spanish citizen according to the laws of
Spain; but he does say that Houard did not
register bis name with the American consul-
ate, according to a Spanish law passed on
the 4th of July, 1870, requiring foreigners,
in order to be known as such, to enroll their
names in the list of foreigners, which list
shall be kept by the superior civil governor,
and in that of the consulate of his nation.
Now, this law. passed in the very light of
the Cuban revolution, was clearly and evi-
dently intended to aid the Spanish authorities
in watching foreigners who might land in
Cuba for purposes hostile to the Spanish Gov-
ernment. It does not declare that a failure to
do so would be considered, or was according
to the laws of Spain, an act of naturalization.
And even if it did, it would not be worth the
paper it w&s primed on, because no foreign
nation who regarded its own right and honor
would permit Spain or another Government,
by the passage of a mere law, to transform
their citizens who were residing in Spain or
any of its colonies into Spanish citizens with-
out their consent and approval. Suppose the
Congress of the United States were to pass
such a law, what would become of the thou-
sands of Englishmen who reside in New York
and other cities for years; yes, perhaps, for
nearly a life-time, who never become Amer-
icans, but simply reside here for purposes of
trade and money-making? Does any gentle-
man here suppose England would recognize
the law as valid or final ? And if I mistake
not there are claims now pending before the
claims commission of the two countries now
sitting in this city of British subjects who
have resided in the United States for twenty
and thirty years. Will a long residence here
be offered as evidence against their claims
as British subjects? I think the commission
would require proof that they had, of their
own voluntary act, renounced allegiance to
Great Britain, and had sworn allegiance to
the United States. Did George Peabody
divest himself, by a long and profitable resi-
dence in England, of his citizenship of birth ?
And-no doubt there are a great many others
of whom little is known, because they are less
wealthy than he was, but who like him will
desire that their last and final sleep shall be
in the country of their birth and in the soil
consecrated to freedom.
. But even the flimsy pretext of the Spanish
minister is swept away when we come to ex-
amine the faets before this law upon which he
relies to prove Houard a citizen of Spain was
was passed. Dr. Houard did register himself
as an American citizen with the American con-
42d Cono. 2d Sess.—No, 175.
sul in Cienfuegos, as the following affidavit
will show:
I, Charles Fox, now resident at Portland, in the
county of Cumberland and State of Maine, on oath
say that, in the latter part of 18(18 and the first part
of 1869,1 was United States consular agent at Cien-
fuegos, in the island of Cuba, and in the latter part
of 18S8 or the first part of 1869 that Dr. Ernilio J.
Houard, then at Cienfuegos, was ent oiled as an
American citizen at the United States consulate in
that city ; that he was one of a number of American
citizens who signed an application to me to have an
American man-oi-war sent to the port of Cienfuegos
for the protection ot the lives and property of Amer-
ican citizens ; that I was acquainted with him, and
he was generally known as an American citizen;
that I never knew him to act or talk otherwise than
as a bona jide American citizen, and I never had any
knowledge, information, or intimation of his taking
any part whatever in political matters in the late
disturbances in Cuba.
CHARLES POX.
State of Maine,
Cumberland, sk, February 26, 1872:
Then personally came before me, Josiah H.Drum-
mond, a notary public in and for said county and
State, Charles Fox, well known to me, and sub-
scribed the foregoing declaration in my presence,
and made oath to the truth of the same, according
to his best knowledge, recollection, and belief, be-
fore me.
In witness whereof i have hereunto set my hand
and notarial seal the day and year above mentioned.
JOSIAH II. DKUMMOND,
Notary Public.
And again:
"M. H. Morris, esq., present United States con-
sul at Cienfuegos, makes affidavit as follows:
"I do hereby certify that on the 25th day of Novem-
ber, A. D. 1870, personally appeared before me John
Euiiho Houard, physician, and declared himself a
citizen of the UnitedStates of America, having been
born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
"Dated Cienfuegos, March i, 1872."
This evidence, I presume, will be considered
conclusive as to the citizenship of Dr. Houard ;
and as to his intention, upon which so much
stress has been laid, all the evidence goes on
to show that Dr. Houard always considered
himself an American citizen, and his sister,
who resides in Philadelphia, writes to Mr.
Fish, that—
"No act of my brother during his residence in Cuba
can bo construed into intentional renunciation of
his nationality. lie was known as an American, and
prided himself on it; and during our rebellion was
well known at Cienfuegos as one of the stanchest
upholders of the Union."
Had Dr. Houard by fair and legal means
been convicted of any crime against morals or
society, or of any violation of Spanish laws
which forfeited his claim as a citizen upon the
Government of the United States, I would be
the last to advocate a demand for his release,
though I might, and probably would, advo-
cate friendly intercession in his behalf.
But Dr. Houard has committed no crime,
he has violated no law, and he has not been
tried and sentenced by a tribunal competent
to try an American citizen according to our
treaty with Spain. The offense of which he
was charged was that of selling two small
medicine cases to a Cuban who joined ihe
rebels, but he produced a number of respect-
able witnesses to prove that he sold them long
before the Cuban insurrection began. He was
then accused of harboring wounded rebels,
but this he disproved by numerous witnesses,
some of whom were Spaniards. Finally the
court-martial which tried him, having no pre-
text for further punishment, produced a depo-
sition, made two months before the trial by
one Manuel Capote. Of this man and his
evidence the Philadelphia Evening Telegram
has the following authentic information :
"If there were wanting any more convincing
proofs that this trial was a mockery of justice, pro-
jected to cover as base an act of iniquity as ever
was perpetrated, we have it in the fact that Capote
was coerced into making this false charge against
I)r. Houard. Capote was an insurrectionist, and
for a time a fellow-prisoner with Houard (who had
been his family physician for many years) in the
gloomy lock-up at Cienfuegos. He was liberated
about six months ago, much to the astonishment of
both Spaniards and Cubans, and came direct to New
York, where the deep villainy into which he had
been impressed as an accomplice came to the sur-
face.
'' Capote's recantation was made in that city on the
8th of iebruary last,under oath, and before the Span-
ish consul, and that important document is now in
the hands of the Secretary of State. In this formal i
abjuration he says, The deposition made by me in
the town of Cienfuegos against Dr. Houard, in the
case brought against him for treason, was made by
me owing to the pressure exercised over me bv vari-
ous persons, and by the panic and fear with which
they artfully impressed me, alleging that if I did
not testify ill the required sense I would be killed
by the.volunteers of the town.' He then says, for
the sake of truth, that his deposition thus made was
' entirely false' and contrary to the faets.
"He adds that he had no knowledge of the mat-
ters of which he then accused the doctor. This affi-
davit is made in Spanish, but our reporter was yes-
terday shown a certified translation of it. It seems,
further, that after Capote had left Cuba the military
authorities who were plotting the ruin of Houard
discovered that he had not given the proper attest-
ation orjurat to make the deposition legal, and they
sent to New York to have him add the important
words, which he refused to do, poigt-blank. The
fact that he would not ratify this iniquitous state-
ment was known in Havana, and was the subject of
popular discussion."
In this connection I will state that the evidence
upon which Dr. Houard was convicted has not
been furnished to our Government, although
it was demanded of the Spanish minister.
In the face of this accumulation of evidence,
was it not criminal in the highest degree for
our Government to voluntarily ignore the im-
prisonment of an American citizen for thir-
teen months before his conviction, and to show
no more interest in his case than if he were a
citizen of the moon? Our consul at Havana
informed the Department of State in relation
to Dr. Houard on the 3d of January, 1871,
but, save an acknowledgment of two lines,
the Government gave no encouragement or
instructions to our representative at Havana.
But this was the time they were feasting the
joint high commission, and of course they
could not be expected in the intervals between
their tnighiy labors and their walnuts; when
the wine ran high and the blood of two mighty
peoples, blended in a common stream, you
know, they conld not of course be expected
at the State Department to devote a little
corner of their great minds to the rights of a
mere citizen in a foreign prison; and the
Government only reaiized that an American
citizen had lights which they were in duty
bound (o take some interest in when public
opinion became aroused and protests and
demands began lo pour in upon the State
Depariment.
And now, in view of all the facts presented,
was it not taking a license with truth for tli.e
Executive of the United States to assert
through its State official that if there be any
facts contradicting Dr. Houard's apparent
throwing off of citizenship they have not been
fully presented? Why, sir, when a great and
powerful Government will sneak out of its re-
sponsibility to its native-born citizen by such
miserable sophistries as the State Department
has been guilty of in this case, what hope, what
reliance can an adopted citizen have that a
Government which he has loved, honored, and
sustained, from the dawn of his manhood
until the evening of his life, will not leave him
friendless and unpitied in a convict's cell or
foreign hulk, to rot and die, as we are now
leaving an old and honored man of sixty, with
his gray hairs floating over shoulders clad in
the vile garb ot a Spanish convict, and whose
hands, with the chains of tyranny hanging to
them, are raised in the silent watches of the
night to implore the aid of Heaven and of
that flag whose stars beamed upon his cradle,
and which he hoped would follow him to his
grave ?
You who are fathers think of this vener-
able old man, with his three daughters and
one son, an American citizen, mourning for
a father, to whom death would be a relief.
Think, if he were your father ; think, if you
were his sons, or brothers, what would be your
leelings, if your Government and his de-
serted him in so sad an hour, with the shad-
ows of life closing around the declining years
of a life spent in acts of healing mercy and
humanity in an African penal colony. What
would you say of it? Why, if you were men
you would denounce the act on every platform
