1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
993
Mr. DU BOSE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
fkench spoliation.
Mr. EAMES, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a resolution of the General Assembly
of the State of Rhode Island, in relation to
indemnity for French spoliations on American
commerce; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
order of business.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I demand the
regular order of business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of
business is the call of committees for reports,
beginning with the Committee on Coinage,
Weights, and Measures, and the morning hour
now begins, at twenty five minutes after twelve
o'clock m.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I rise to
make a report from the Committee on Coin-
age, Weights, and Measures.
Mr. McNEELY. I do not know of any bill
having been acted on by that committee; I do
not know of any authority given by that com-
mittee to report a bill.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I present
it as a report of the committee.
Mr. McNEELY. Was the gentleman au-
thorized and instructed to make the report ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. McNEELY. When was that authority
given ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
remember the precise date ; it was some days
since.
Mr. McNEELY. I have attended every
meeting of that committee, and do notreraem-
ber any sucli instruction. I raise the question
that this is not a report from that committee.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The
majority of the committee instructed me to
make the report.
Mr. POTTER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Massachusetts whether this is the
bill about which I spoke to him yesterday, and
which I understood the gentleman to say would
not be reported for several days ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It is the
same bill, and my impression, when the gen-
tleman spoke to me, was that the committee
would not be called for a week or two. I am
not disposed to press action on the bill at this
time. I prefer action should be delayed for
one or two weeks.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can have
its consideration postponed.
Mr. McNEELY. I have never seen a major-
ity of the committee present, and I wish to
find out something about this bill. [ hope,
as a member of the committee, it will not be
presented.
Mr. KELLEY. I beg leave to say my
duties as member of the Committee of Ways
and Means have required me to be in attend-
ance elsewhere. I have not been able to give
as much attention to the Committee on Coin-
age, Weights, and Measures as I sliould like,
and therefore requested the gentleman from
Massachusetts to act in my place as chairman
of the committee. I have never had the-
pleasure of meeting the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. McNeely] at any meeting of the
committee when I was there. This bill was
under consideration at all the meetings of
the committee which I attended, and I believe
the report now made to have been the action
of the committee. I was about to ask that a
day may be assigned for the consideration of
the bill.
Mr. McNEELY. I have never myself seen,
at any meeting of the committee, the gentle-
man who has just addressed the House.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to a question of-
order. The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] having presented a report from this
42d Cong, 2d Sisss.—No, 63.
committee, my point of order is that no call
for information as to the way in which that
report was authorized is or can be made an
objection to the reception of the report.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. McNeely] being a member of the
committee has a right, under the rules, to raise
the question that this is not the report of the
committee.
_ Mr.^ BANKS. But what the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. McNeely] says is that he does
not know that the committee agreed to report
the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understood
him distinctly that this was not the report of
the committee.
Mr. McNEELY. I did make that state-
ment.
Mr. BANKS. That was not the statement
of the gentleman from Illinois in the first
instance.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must correct the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.]
That was the distinct statement of the gentle-
man from Illinois,, and it was on that state-
ment that the Chair acted.
Mr. BANKS. But I heard the gentleman
say that he did not know when this report was
authorized; he did not impugn the fact that
the committee agreed to report the bill. And
to recognize this as a case raising the question
whether the report is to be submitted to the
House is to give a gentleman who does not
attend all the meetings of a committee an
advantage over those who do attend and have
reports to make. I agree with the Chair that
if the statement were made that no such report
had been authorized or agreed to by the com-
mittee then there would be a question for
submission to the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would lemind
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Banks]
that the language in which a gentleman may
raise the question whether a report is the re-
port of a committee is not prescribed in the
rule. The Cbair understood the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. McNeely] distinctly to raise
the question that this was not the report of
the committee. He then went on to specify
why it was not. That might have been out of
order. But the fact that he raised the ques-
tion was specific, and it was the duty of the
Chair to take cognizance of it.
Mr. BANKS. It is a question which is
debatable, and the gentleman had a right to
state his reasons. But he stated, and his ob-
ject in rising was to state that he did not know
when the report was agreed to. I will ask the
repoiters of the House to read the grounds on
which the gentleman from Illinois stated that
his objection was based.
The SPEAKER. Amongthe tnostunpleas-
ant things which ever arise in the House is a
matter of this kind. It always involves ques-
tions of veracity, which are most unpleas-
ant for the House to deal with. The Chair
requests the attention of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Hooi>er] who reported
the bill. Does he state that by a vote of the
committee this bill was ordered to be reported ?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I do.
Mr. BANKS. I regard this as a most
important question.
The SPEAKER. It is doubtless a most im-
portant question, since it involves the veracity
of members; and a question, the Chair takes
the liberty to say, which it were better if it
were never raised in the House.
Mr. STOUGHTON. I have been endeav-
oring for some time to get the eye of the
Speaker. My object was to make a statement
which may relieve the question from some
of its embarrassment. There have been sev-
eral meetings of the Committee on Coinage,
Weights, and Measures. I believe I have at-
tended all those meetings, and the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] who has
been acting chairman since the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr, Kelley] has been
occupied with the business of the Committee
of Ways and Means, has always been present.
We have very carefully gone over the whole
ground and it is rather a perplexing question.
The Committee on Coinage, Weights, and
Measures met regularly for some two weeks as
often as twice a week, and only once did I see
the member from Illinois at those meetings.
My impression is that he attended one meeting.
1 am not prepared to say whether that is so or
not, but I do say that the committee have had
several meetings when they had a quorum, and
have gone over the law and the facts, and that
the acting chairman of the committee [Mr.
Hooper] was directed by the committee to
report the bill now presented to the House.
Mr. McNEELY. I desire to say that since
I have b-ien a member of the committee I have
attended every meeting of the committee of
which I was notified. Upon one occasion the
clerk of the committee notified Mr. Parker,
of New Hampshire, a former member of the
committee, instead of myself, and therefore I
was not present, but after I learned there had
been a meeting I met Mr. Critcher upon the
floor of the House, and I asked what they had
done, and he said that he left at twelve o'clock,
at which time they had come to no conclusion.
I repeat that I have been present at every
meeting of which I was notified, but I left
always at twelve o'clock. At one meeting
while I was there, while we were investigating
this subject, and while a majority of the com-
mittee were present, the gentleman who haa
just addressed the House [Mr. Stotjgiitoii]
was there and the acting chairman of the com-
mittee [Mr. Hooper] was there. At no time
did I meet the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Kelley] there, his duty calling him else-
where. I have tried to investigate this meas-
ure, and to go over it section by section, but
tin re has as yet been no opportunity to do
that, and it is for that reason that I make
objection to the report. 1 say that at no time
when I was present was there a vote in favor
of reporting this bill.
Mr. POTTER. This is a very important
bill, and one requiring much consideration. I
trust that the suggestion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] will be
adopted by the acting chairman of the com-
mittee, and that some day will be fixed for the
consideration of it. The bill was once before
the House, and we found it necessary to con-
sider it, section by section. I trust that some
time will be fixed for its consideration.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I stated,
Mr. Speaker, when 1 was on the floor before,
that i prefer that, a day should be assigned in
the mture fer the consideration of this bill,
and I will now move t,o make it the special
otder for the second Tuesday of March next,
alter the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to
making this bill the special order for the sec-
ond Tuesday of March next afier the morning
hour ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. How long is it
to pma n a special order?
The SPEAKER. Until disposed of.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Well, I trust
we shall fix some time for the disposal of the
bill. If you will do so I will not object to his
motion.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that even if made the special order until dis-
posed of it would not take precedence of the
appropriation bills, for the gentleman from
Ohio can always move to go into Committee
of the Whole, but the Chair suggests if it was
limited to a single day it would be no day at
all.
Mr. ELDREDGE. I rise to a parliament-
ary question. Not long since a bill was fixed
lor a particular day, and 110 provison was
made that it should be considered from day to
day until disposed of, but it was held by the
Speaker that it preceded a privileged question
then pending.
