1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1889
relating to the Tours hospital, New Orleans;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of
the Secretary of War, in relation to a report
of a board of engineer officers constituted to
investigate the present condition of the Mis-
sissippi liver between St. Louis and Alton;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
meice, and ordered to be printed.
TUB TARIFF BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN'. I move that the Senate
resume the consideration of the tariff bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. li. No. 173) to
repeal the duties on salt, the pending question
being on the amendment of Mr. Scott to the
substitute reported by the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. CORBETT. Mr. President, this is a
question that involves a matter of very great
importance to the laboring men of this country.
The question is whether we shall have protec-
tion to American manufactures and American
labor, or whether we shall reduce the tariff
upon those articles which are manufactured
in this country and thereby reduce the wages
of labor. The immediate point now before the
Senate is whether we shall repeal the tariff'
upon tea and coffee and let the tariff upon
manufactured articles remain as it now is;
and upon this point I desire to present some
brief remarks. I should not do so had 1 not
thought this measure was about to be voted
upon without due consideration by the Senate.
The bill presented by the Committee on
Finance embraces a large list. hi a few
words it undertakes to reduce the duties upon
manufactured articles about eleven per cent.
J t provides that on and after the 1st day of
July next there shall be levied, collected, and
paid on the goods mentioned in the second
section ninety per cent, of the several duties
and rates of duty now imposed, being in fact
a reduction ol' eleven per cent, of the duty on
those articles, as the tariff now stands. Tliis
section includes " all wools, hair of the alpaca
goat and other like animals, and all manufac-
tures wholly or in part of wool or hair of the
alpaca goat and other like animals." This,
it will be observed, embraces all woolen man-
ufactures, everything made of wool. All the
woolen mills throughout this country are inter-
ested in this provision. The reduction of the
tariff on all woolen goods eleven per cent,
from rhe present rates of duty will be felt
very severely by the manufacturers of this
country.
This section also includes "all iron and
steel, and all manufactures of iron and steel
of which either of such metals is the compo-
nent part of chief value, except pig iron and
steel rails." It will be observed by the Sen-
ate thai this embraces every article of cutlery,
edged tools, everything made principally of
iron or steel in this country, and this reduction
will, in my opinion, produce a very material
stagnation in the manufacturing districts of
this country. We have now established a large
number of manufactories of cutlery, of edged
tools, and of all varieties of articles made from
iron and steel. On all of these articles the
duty is to be reduced eleven per cent. This
section also includes all ''metals not herein
otherwise provided for, and all manufactuies
of metals of which either of them is the com-
ponent part of chief value."
It has been stated that notwithstanding the
high tariff prevailing the importations are still
increasing. I wish to show that the premium
on gold since 1804 has been the cause of the
protection to American manufactures to a
great extent up to the present time, and the
gradual reduction of the premium on gold
has lessened that protection, and consequently
increased the imports into this country to the
same proportional extent as we have reduced
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 119.
the protection by the reduction of the premium
on gold.
I have examined the statistics. In 1864 the
premium on gold was one hundred and four
per cent., and the manufacturer had that pro-
tection in addition to the actual protection of
the gold duty. In other words, if the man-
ufacturers of pig iron were protected by a duty
of nine dollars per ton, they were also pro-
tected by the premium on gold in addition,
making the protection over eighteen dollars
per ton. This rule also applies to every other
article of manufacture, edged tools, cottons,
woolens, &c., on which it is now proposed to
reduce the tariff eleven per cent. In 1805 the
premium on gold was fifty-seven per cent., a
reduction of forty-seven per cent, in one year.
In 1866 the premium on gold was forty-one
per cent., or a reduction of protection in that
year of sixteen per cent. In 18137 the pre-
mium on gold was thirty-eight and a quarter
per cent., or three per cent, reduction of
duty m that year. From 1807 to 1809 the
reduction was six and a half per cent., the
premium on gold lessening the protection to
that extent. In 1870 the premium on gold
was fourteen and thiee quarters percent., and
consequently the reduction from 1809, when
the premium was thirty-three per cent., was
eighteen and a quarter per cent. In 1871 the
premium on gold being eleven and three quar-
ters per cent., there was a reduction of three
per cent, in that year upon the duties paid on
these articles in currency.
Consequently, it will be observed that the
reduction in the duties on imports since 1808
has been twenty-seven and one fourth per
cent, in four years. This, it seems to me, is
about as much as our manufacturers can bear.
There has been a gradual reduction on im-
ported goods corresponding to the reduction
of the premium on gold, while labor has ad-
vanced, and rightly, during those years, and
constantly increased, thereby increasing the
price of the American product. Take the
present price of gold at ten per cent, premium,
and we have a reduction of duties iiom 1805
of forty-seven per cent. This is an immense
reduction of duties on manufactured articles,
and it is a question in my mind whether the
manufacturing interests of this country can
stand a still iurther reduction of eleven per
cent. It is probable that before long we shall
return to specie payments, aud do away with
the premium on gold entirely. If that should
occur in the next year, and we should pass
this bill, there would be a reduction again of
twenty-one per cent, in one year.
Our imports have increased very largely
since 1867. In 1868 they were $104,404,599,
and during that year the premium on gold was
thirty-nine and one half per cent. In 1809
the imports were $180,048,420, and the pre-
mium on gold thirty-three per cent. In 1870
the imports were $194,538,374, and the pre-
mium on gold was fourteen aud three quarters
per cent. In 1871 the imports were $200,-
270,408, and the premium on gold averaged
eleven and three quarters per cent.
It will be observed that the imports in-
creased $41,805,809 during these four years,
while gold declined twenty-seven and one
quarter per cent. The imports reduced to
currency in the year 1808 amounted to $229,-
428,111, while the imports of the year 1870,
ieduced to currency, amounted to $230,507,-
180, or only about a million more in currency
than they were four years previous.
ilr. President, it was stated the other day
by the Senator from Ohio in his speech that
the imports for 1871 were $518,759,518 32,
while the exports for the same year were
§502,518.051. I think this must be, a mistake,
as according to the statistics published for the
year 1871, it appears that the imports of mer-
chandise were $572,509,314, and the imports
of specie and bullion §17,399,415, making the
total imports $589,908,729, and during the
same year the exports of domestic merchan-
dise were $475,542,007, and the exports of.
foreign merchandise .$14,7.89,007, making the
total exports $460,331,614, and during the
same time the exports of domestic bullion and
specie were $65,632,342, and the exports of
foreign bullion and specie $12,009,128, making
the total exports of bulliou $77,041,470. This
statement puts down the total imports of the
year at $589,908,729, and the total exports at
S537,973,084, leaving an excess of imports of
§51,035,045. I presume that the error occurs
from the fact that the Senator from Ohio
counted the exports in currency, whereas in
this statement both imports and exports are
reduced to specie. Therefore, instead of there
being an excess of exports over imports, there
was an excess of imports over exports of nearly
fifty-two million dollars, specie value.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is a mistake. I
have the official report of commerce and navi-
gation that gives the gold imports aud gold
exports, both being computed in gold, and not
in paper. I have seen in a newspaper the
same statement that the Senator now refers to.
Mr. CORBETT. I have a statement from
the chief of the Bureau of Statistics on the
subject When I called on him the other day
he had not made up these figures entirely"; he
had only made them up for eleven months,
but since then he has brought them down to
the last month of the year including, and he
states to me that lie has published them in the
Republican. 1 am speaking of the year end-
ing December 31, 1871.
Mr. SI115RMAN. 1 spoke of the year end-
ing June 30, 1871.
Mr. COKBETT. That probably accounts
for the difference.
Mr. FEELINGHUYSEN. The Senator
from Oregon was speaking of the calendar
year and the Senator from Ohio of the fiscal
year.
Mr. CORBETT. This is for the year end-
ing December 31, 1871, showing that ihe ex-
cess of imports over exports was 5551,905,045,
both reduced to gold.
Mr. SHERMAN. I only wish to have the
record correct. That must exclude the im-
portations of gold, for our exports exceed our
imports by the amount I gave. I saw a state-
ment going the rounds of the newspapers
which excluded gold from the exports. Our
gold exportation is much larger than our gold
importation.
Mr. COliBETT. In the statement which
I have given gold is embraced. It must be
observed also that the freights upon these
goods are paid to the foreign vessels, which
amount in all probability to about five per
cent, or more upon the importations of goods,
and would therefore reach 5>o0,0U0,000. We
are aware also that theie are more or ies3
undervaluations. It is estimated tliat the
undervaluations are at least five per cent.
Then smuggling to some extent goes on. In-
cluding these items, which would amount prob-
ably to twenty-five or twenty-eight millions
more, the balance of trade against us would
be nearly one hundred million dollars, and
this must be paid in gold or paid in bonds
sent'abroad, which are equivalent to gold, and
on which we are obliged to pay interest.
I have also the latest statistics of trade aud
navigation of the United Kingdom during the
year 1871, and including also comparisons for
January and February of 1870,1871, and 1872.
The increase of expectations to this country,
as appears from these statistics, is veiy laige
in January and February of this year over
those months iti the two preceding years, aud
I only wish to cite a few aiticies. in January
and February, 1872, the exportacious of pig
noil from Great Britain to the United States
are somewhat m excess over the uxportaiions
of the corresponding two months of 1873. In
the hist two months oi 1872 they are twenty-
two thousand eight hundred and ninety-seven
tons, while in the same period of 1871 they
were twenty thousand four hundred and sixty-
