98
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December .13,
whicli he now complains the committee was
cut off. I read it to show, first, that the com-
mittee never was cut off at all; and, second,
that according to the report itself this whole
thing was concluded, finished, consummated
entirely, and the committee was qualified and
prepared to express, and did express, a final
'judgment upon it; which judgment was not
that it should be further investigated, but that
the investigation, having been full and ample,
a joint committee should be appointed. For
what? To investigate further? No, sir; but
to prepare and bring in, at the last session of
Congress—because one session intervened
between then and now—to bring in at the ses-
sion of Congress then next, provisions of law
establishing certain new customs' regulations.
1 submit to the honorable Senator that he
was borne too far when he said to the Senate
and to the country that by the action of the
Senate the committee was cut off, meaning
that it was intercepted and arrested, in the
midst of this great revelation which it would
have completed had it been permitted to pro-
ceed. Now I ask the Senate to hear the con-
cluding paragraph of the report.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
"Abuses and fraunds are inevitable in the con-
duct of public affairs, and can only be discovered
and removed by constant vigilance and earnest en-
deavor. This we know is the fixed purpose of this
Administration, and we confidently believe it will
exert all its power to complete the work of reform
which it has so auspiciously begun. As nearly two
thirds of our customs are collected at the port of
New York, as the interest of the revenue and the
prosperity of the commerce of the whole country
are involved m the faithful and efficient adminis-
tration at this port of the customs laws and regula-
tions, your committee would respectfully recom-
mend the appointment of a joint committee of the
two Houses, whose duty it shall be to prepare, and
submit at the next session of Congress, a bill pro-
viding for such ainendmends of our customs laws as
tlio progress, new'conditions, and methods of com-
meice may seem to demand, and for such reorgan-
ization of the departments and regulations of the
custom-houses of the country as present abases and
tho interests of business may require."
Mr. CONKL1NG. That is the conclusion
of the committee, and its whole conclusion.
Was it cut off in the act of investigating?
The Senate will perceive that there is totally
absent there even a recommendation that the
committee should over be continued or re-
eved. That recommendation is doubly ab-
sent, first, because it is not there; and second,
because a recommendation is there, irrecon-
cilably repugnant with the idea that an invest-
igating committee was needed for any purpose
embraced in the report. So that the Senate
need not plead guilty to having invaded the
powers of that committee, outraged propriety,
and tripped up justice, as charged by the hon-
orable Senator.
Bot, Mr. President, I was diverted by the re-
mark ofthe honorable Senator from Missouri,
and turned aside. I am indisposed to couple
with this resolution erecting a new committee
language so uncertain that irreconcilable differ-
ences of understanding as to its import have
been already revealed. Again, I am indisposed
to vote for language so general in its character
as to exonerate other committees from the
obligations resting upon them; or, at least, to
create uncertainty without a mode of ascer-
taining how much of any given subject belongs
to this committee and how much to that.
1 have an additional objection, and I can-
not state it more cleai ly than it was stated by
the honorable Stnator from Rhode Island. It
is enough, under any Government, despotic or
free, to provide the instrumentalities by which
persons and papers may bo brought from any
part of the jurisdiction and submitted ex parte
to a committee that they tnay investigate any-
thing which shall be given them in charge. It
cannot be unnecessary, I submit that it can-
not be in accordance with any theory of a free
Government or sound administration, to Invest
any body of men with such powers as it turns
out now the honorable Senator from Missouri
supposes may slumber in the words now pro-
posed to us. It cannot be safe or wise to con-
fide such powers to any committee, whatever
it may be.
Upon the theory of the honorable Senator
from Missouri we should have a committee
with power, and therefore bound, to take juris-
diction ofits own motion, or on the suggestion
of any one, of any matter which seems to be
a proper one for its investigation. Every man,
then, has a right equally to come forward and
suggest to any member of the committee that
he wishes A B or C D investigated. No
committee could investigate all complaints thus
made. Thus' the discretion is committed to
the members of the committee to say when it
will and when it will not advance in any direc-
tion pointed out to it. That, I submit, is un-
just and unfair to the committee itself; ex-
posing it to charges of favoritism, of partiality,
of malice, therefore impairing its usefulness,
and diminishing the respect in which it is held.
So I maintain that no sound argument can be
made in favor of arming any committee with
power, as the Senator from Rhode Island said,
to go anywhere upon a secret suggestion, how-
ever mistaken, imposed perhaps upon the
committee, and do acts which should be done
only considerately and cautiously.
Mr. President, it has been said that in place
of being a committee to investigate and hunt
up frauds and bring them to the Senate, this
proposition is to have a committee which would
be informed by the Senate of frauds which had
been committed. That was very ingenious,
and good as an antithesis and as a saying, but
let us examine it.
If a Treasury agent, as has been the case in
many of these investigations, comes with in-
formation to the head of the Department, or
to a Senator, that there is suspicion of lax
practice in a certain field of the public ser-
vice, is it possible that there is any objection
to coming into the Senate and directing the
committee in appropriate terms to inquire into
that field ? And is it just or rational to say
that the Senate must, in the first place, ascer-
tain the facts and then refer the case to the
committee? Suppose there comes informa-
tion to the head of a Department as to the
transit route which has been referred to, that
there is suspicion of wrong doing, of lax prac-
tice ; suppose information comes to the Com-
mittee on Commerce in regard to something
which is happening on the frontier of Mexico
as to smuggling, is there any difficulty in di-
recting the committee to inquire generally in
that field, and arming it with all the powers
suitable and adapted to that inquiry? Not at
all.
Mr. THURMAN. Will the Senator permit
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. CON KLIN G. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. Suppose it is in the vaca-
tion?
Mr. CONKLING. I thank the Senator for
that admonition. I should have forgotten it
otherwise. Unfortunately for his convenience
and for mine, we are now at the threshold of a
session of Congress which is not to end, I fear,
as early as the day fixed by the resolution of
the Senator from Indiana. "Sufficient unto
the day is the evil thereof." I will enter into
a covenant now—I will put it in such form as
will make it good within the statute of frauds,
so that the Senator can sue on itand recover—
that I will vote with him all the time for any
prolongation or continuance of the powers of
the committee that anybody may think wise ;
and it would be very absurd, I submit, to in-
vent extraordinary suppositions for fear that
the six or seven months we are to be here will
roll around and this committee and everybody
else would forget to ask leave for it to sit in
vacation. If others forgot to see to this, I am
certain the honorable Senator from Ohio who
puts the question to me would be vigilant and
would offer the resolution and we would all
vote for it.
Now let me ask that Senator a question.
Why is it that we do not pass a resolution now
that the Committee on the Judiciary, of which
he is one of the most distinguished members,
shall have power to sit, in case it shall be re-
quired, during the recess? I do not know
whether it will be necessary or not. It may
be or may not. Why do we not pass that res-
olution now? Because, like other resolutions,
it is ordinarily moved when something occurs
to suggest it. It is moved for some practical
purpose. I have no belief that this new com
mittce will be heedless and random enough to
go off without asking the Senate to give it
power to sit in the recess; and, as I said before,
if that should happen I shall rely on the Sen-
ator from Ohio to supply the forgetfulness.
Therefore, Mr. President, it seems to tne
that while it is very well to appoint a new
Committee on Retrenchment and Investiga-
tion, it is very well also to have it understood
as far as we can in tho beginning what are the
limits and the powers of this committee, and
to what extent those of us who are members
of other committees have a right to rely upon
it. The way to do that, I humbly submit, is
that way pointed out by the Senator from Ohio
nearest to me, [Mr. Sherman,] to commit to
this committee, as we do to other committees,
all those things which we expect it to have in
charge.
Some Senator said the other day that the
Committee on Military Affairs, unless it was
so ordered, would not have power to investi-
gate Hodge's case; that a resolution was
necessary to arm it with the power; and that
that showed that it was not the proper com-
mittee. I know that slumbering away back in
the musty records of old parliamentary law is a
mooted question whether a committee in and
of itself can originate a bill without having any
petition or bill referred to it. I will concede
for the purpose of the argument, and I believe
the authority is that way, that a. committee
can originate a bill and come in and repoit it
and have it read the first, second, and third
time on its own motion; but in modern
practice, in universal practice, not only here
but in Great Britain and in all the States of
the Union, no committee takes jurisdiction of
any matters except those referred to it by the
body of which it is the organ. Is not this fo ?
The oldest parliamentarian here—I am one
of the youngest—will bear me out.
Now, why not have this new committee put
upon the same well-understood footing with
the other committees existing in all parlia-
mentary bodies which we know anything about;
and why should there be objection, and why
should any Senator suppose we lose something
when we do not couple with it language which
we see already is widely misunderstood or
differently understood by different members
of this body ?
Mr. President, I shall vote very gladly for
the erection of this commirt.ee. I shall voto
for it in the hope that we shall get the com-
bined force of the new committee and of all
the other committees of the Senate to investi-
gate and probe and purge every branch of the
public service; and whenever it turns out that
the committee or the mode of its organization
is defective or deficient, I will promise the
honorable Senator from Missouri in advance
to go as far as he will go in eking out and sup-
plying the defect; but do not let us assume,
to begin with, either that the committee wi.l
not do its duty or that the same regulations
and powers which pertain to all other com-
mittees are not to be adequate to this.
I have said so much, Mr. President, be-
cause after what was said the other day in the
Senate as to my having antagonized another
proposition with the motion for a Committee
on Retrenchment, with having encountered it
with a proposition of my own, I was unwilling
to remain silent in the hearing of remarks in-
timating that there might be a purpose, or that
it, might be supposed there was a purpose, to
do something narrow in place of doing some-
thiag broad. I will only add that if 1 could
