1890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Maxell 22,
three tons, and in 1870 for same period seven-
teen thousand six. hundred and thirty tons.
From this it will be seen that since the reduc-
tion of the duty on pig iron in this country,
which took effect January, 1871, the increase
of the importation of pig iron is not very large,
but the cost is much greater, it being about
six dollars per ton at the place of production
over the price in 1870.
The protection of pig iron, compared to what
it was formerly when the duty was nine dollars
and the premium on gold higher than it now
is, is very meager. It 13 now only seven dol-
lars a ton with the premium on gold ten per
cent., making the protection only $7 70. I
might give my version of the reasons which
lead to- this large increase of price. In the
mines in Europe, particularly in England,
there is a demand for almost the entire pro-
duct of this iron in their own country and
colonies, except what they have regularly ex-
ported to this country. The reduction of
duties here has stimulated the exportation ot'
the article to this country, while at the same
time they have a large demand elsewhere, and
in consequence of the low rate of gold it has
created this enormous importation and it has
correspondingly stagnated the production of
this article in our own country.
If that be so, the labor in Europe is stimu-
lated, and to that extent, of course, it must
advance the price of the article in Europe cor-
responding with the depression and loss of
production caused in this country. If we de-
press the labor of this country and turn the
attention of the laborers engaged in mining
and producing this article to other pursuits, of
course we create to that extent a demand
abroad; and when that demand is increased,
to that extent it naturally advances the price,
and the price of pig iron has greatly advanced
since 1871. The statistics lor January and
February, 1871, show that the average price
of pig iron was then about thirty dollars a ton.
After the reduction of the duty on pig iron,
and the reduction of the premium on gold, the
increased demand for pig iron from abroad has
advanced the article from thirty nine to forty-
one dollars a ton, or eleven dollars more than it
was when our protection was nine dollarsa ton.
If this be so upon pig iron, which I take as
an illustration, may it not be so 011 all other
manufactures of iron and steel, and also upon
the manufacture of cottons and woolens?
livery manufacture that we close up in this
country must increase just to that extent the
demand from abroad. Our demand for these
articles is constantly increasing as the popula-
tion increases in this country. If we stimulate
our own manufactures here, develop our hid-
den resources, develop the mines and manu-
factures here, give capitalists and laborers an
opportunity to produce these articles in our
own country, then to that extent we create a
competition within our own country and bring
down the prices of these articles here and com-
pel those brought, in from abroad to be sold at
whatever price they can get. Therefore, it is
wise, it seems to me, for us to continue the
present tariff until we shall have arrived again
at specie payments, until we shall have come
down to the same international cusreney that
is used in every other country. As long as the
price of gold continuously declines, just so long
duties are being to that extent reduced, and
the protection is just that much less, the con-
sumers getting the benefit of the reduction.
I have examined the statistics to ascertain
whether since the reduction of the price of
gold the exportations from England to this
country have been increased on all the articles
produced there, and upon which it is proposed
to reduce the tariff, and I find it almost uni-
versally the case that the increase of our im-
portations has been very large since and includ-
ing 18/0. During the months of January and
February, 1872, compared with thesamemouths
of 1870, the exportations from England of cot-
ton manufactures to this country were in 1870,
,£820,475, and in the same months of 1872,
£1,221.418, or an increase of about fifty per
cent.
So it will be observed that we are importing
fifty per cent, more of these articles than we
were at that time. I find also in iron and
steel that in January and February, 1870,
England exported to us £70,215 and in 1872,
-£87,708. Of railroad iron she exported to us
in January and February, 1870, ,£423,718, and
in 1872, in the same months, £768,102, an
increase of seventy-two per cent. Of manu-
factures of silk, in January and February,
1870, she exported to us £33,089, and in the
same months of 1872, £59,382. In January
and February, 1870, she exported to us of
ribbons £0,128, and in the same months of
1872, £32,659. Of other articles of silk in
those two months of 1870 she exported to us
£14,396, and in the same two months of 1872,
£26,428. Under the head of woolen manu-
factures we imported in January and Febru-
ary, 1870, from Great Britain, £200,406, and
in the same months of 1872, £461,321, or
more than double the amount for the two
years.
This runs through the whole list of importa-
tions. It' this be true, I "desire to submit to
the Senate, having increased our importations
from fifty to one hundred per cent, in two
years 011 account of the reduction of duties,
whether we ought not to increase the duties
rather than diminish them ? It seems to me
that the fact of the duties having been dimin-
ished by the decrease in the price of gold, has
not been properly considered in connection
with this subject, and as rapidly as the price
of gold decreases you must either increase the
duties or must lower the wages of the Ameri-
can laborer in order to compete with foreign
production.
T have perhaps as little interest in this sub-
ject as any Senator on this floor ; but looking
at the subject from my stand-point, I cannot
support a bill reducing the duties on manu-
factured articles as now proposed. But what
can we reduce the duties on imports upon
that will do more for the great mass of the
people than tea and coffee? Those articles
are now used in every hamlet and every house
in the land. Every poor-house throughout
the United States now furnishes tea and cof-
fee. There are no articles that affect so
many people as those articles, and the amount
of duties collected from them is $18,000,000.
If we repeal the duties on tea and coffee, of
course we must retain the tariff upon manu-
factured articles that come in competition
with our home production and home labor.
If we do not protect them who will ? Can the
States? No; that power is lodged with Con-
gress. It becomes our duty to see that Ameri-
can labor is not compelled to compete with
the pauper and ill-paid labor of Europe. It
is a duty we owe as well as a pleasure to
perform.
_ It does seem to me that the gradual reduc-
tion which is now being made by our gradual
return to specie payment is a sufficient reduc-
tion upon the duties to benefit all classes, and
if we reduce them to a greater extent than
that until labor is reduced, it must result in
the closing up of many of our manufacturing
establishments. Is it not for the interest of
this country to_ diversify its industry ? It seems
to me that this is very important; that it is
not only important to the eastern States, but
it is important to every western State that is
producing corn and pork and the products of
the farm. If we abandon protection, and the
manufacturing establishments of the manufac-
turing cities that now consume so much of the
products of the West are obliged to close up,
and the laborers there employed are obliged
to go to the West, there to raise wheat and
corn and pork, where are we to find a market
tor these products? It seems to me that if the
people of the West fully understood the bearing
and the importance of building up manu-
factures within their own section of the coun-
try, thereby furnishing a home market for the
articles produced and raised by them, they
would advocate the protective system. In the
western States the manufacturers, in addition
to this protection, have the advantage of
the transportation from the sea-board or man-
ufacturing cities to the West, and that is of
itself some protection in giving them an op-
portunity to establish manufactures. If they
do not build up manufactures within their own
midst, thereby furnishing a market for their
own products, they must transport their grains
over railroads and canals at great expense and
cost to themselves, and they must be shipped
to foreign ports.
Mr. President, the market in foreign coun-
tries for the products of our soil is not very
great, particularly in grain. According to the
last English statistics which I saw, and that
was sometime ago, we only supplied England
with about twenty-six per cent, of the gram
she imports. She imports grains from Russia
and from Prussia, and from the countries near
to her, and only imports grains from this coun-
try to make up their deficiencies. We are the
great consumers of our own products of the soil.
We export them to the sea-board or to the large
manufacturing cities, and in doiug this, m pro-
tecting these interests, we build up these great
manulactures here, saving the transportation
of grain across the sea, and saving the trans-
portation of the articles imported back to this
country.
I believe all who havte examined this ques-
tion in a practical point of view, not hemmed
in by n-.ere theories, have satisfied themselves
of the importance of diversifying the labor
of this country. Whenever we abandon this
principle we are at sea. Once abandon this
principle and we must close up all the work-
shops; we must send those engaged in manu-
facturing in the East to the West to find
homes. They cannot live upon nothing; they
cannot live in their homes m manufacturing
towns unless they have industries to stimulate
them and to employ them. If they must leave
their eastern homes they must go to the West,
and raise the products of the soil there, and
produce wool and manufacture it in the old
manner by the spinning wheel and by the
hand-loom. If we are prepared to return to
this, it seems to me we are taking a retrograde
movement in civilization.
I believe, Mr. President, the statement which
has been made that our imports are greatly
increasing at this time is true, and I believe
they will continue to increase unless we put a
stop to heavy importations by increasing duties.
My own opinion is that now upon all the luxu-
ries of life there should be an increase rather
than a diminution of duties. We are sending
abroad too much specie, too many bonds of
the United States, and too many bonds of our
railroad companies at a great discount, which
must ultimately be paid m coin, and we are
compelled annually to pay the interest upon
these bonds, thereby contributing to the sup-
port of foreign countries.
This question, from my stand-point, appeared
to be so important that I thought 1 could not
allow it to pass without presenting these views,
as I have taken considerable pains to examine
the statistics. I will say in conclusion that I
I hope we shall at least reduce to a great ex-
tent if not entirely repeal the duties on tea
and coffee. I certainly shall vote for tbat.
Ihere may then be a few articles that enter
into the manufactures of this country the
duties upon which should be reduced, such
as raw materials, that are not produced in the
United States; but those ate a very small
item m comparison with the whole, and will
probably not amount to over one million dol-
lars.
Mr. President, I have now briefly expressed
my views upon this subject. I shall vote for
the amendment of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania for the repeal of the duty on tea and
