1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2787
liberation and gravity this important proposi-
tion. If we are to go to war in behalf of some
person who claims to be a citizen of the Uni-
ted States, it is of the highest consequence to
us and to those whom we represent that we
go to war upon a good case, and not upon a
mere pretext; that we go to war upon a case
that will stand not only by our own decision,
bat by the decision of international law the
world over.
Now, Mr. Speaker, the first question pre-
sented is the question of the American citizen-
ship of Dr. Houard. I shall not go very elabo-
rately over 1he ground so ably gone over by
my colleague on the committee, [Mr. Am-
bler,] who presented yesterday very fully,
although not as fully as he desired, the leading
points touching this case. I shall however,
if I am permitted to do so, call the attention
of the House more in detail to some'of the
cases and some of the law to which he re-
feried in support of his position.
Mr. Speaker, the question of American citi-
zenship is not, as was stated by the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Wood] this morning, a
question of fact alone; it is a mixed question
of fact and of law. It is not a question either
which we can safely allow any individual to
determine for himself, whether that individual
be Dr. Houard or somebody else. This Gov-
ernment cannot when its powers are to be
invoked in the maintenance of the rights of
an American citizen, allow the person claim-
ing to be an American citizen to establish the
fact of his citizenship by his own declaration.
I say it is a mixed question of law and fact.
It is not a sound proposition either which was
urged by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Banks,] the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, that a man once a citizen
of the United States must remain a citizen
until he shall become a citizen of some other
country. There is no more legal necessity
that a man once a citizen of the United States
should not lose that citizenship until he takes
on a new citizenship in some other country
than there is that he shali not lose his resi-
dence in the United States until he acquires a
residence or domicile elsewhere.
We all know how a man can lose his domi-
cile in one place, and how he can gain a domi-
cile in some other place, but it does notfollow
that he must gain a domicile in some other
place before he loses his original domicile.
The questions are entirely separate ; they have
no relation to each other. The question
whether a person is a citizen of the United
States or whether h'e is a subject of Spain is a
question to be decided by itself, and not by
the proposition stated by the gentleman, that
he must be one until he becomes the other.
Why, sir, .in the case of Martin Koszta, he was
not a citizen of the United States, as is agreed
on all hands. He had only declared his inten-
tion of ultimately becoming such a citizen.
He had only resided a year and eleven months
in the country. Apply the reasoning of the
teutleman from Massachusetts, and Martin
koszta was a subject of Austria because he
had not become a citizen of any other country.
But he had come to this country for the par-
pose of permanently remaining, and bad ex-
pressed that purpose by his declaration of
intention to become a citizen of the United
States. That denationalized him so far as
Austria was concerned. It was an abandon-
ment of citizenship in Austria ; and although it
did not make him acitizen of the United States,
it entirely destroyed his citizenship in Austria,
and authorized our Government to do what it
did through the hands of Captain Iugraham,
who rescued him from the deck of an Austrian
vessel.
Mr. BECK. I desire to ask the gentleman
a question for information, for I want inform-
ation about this matter. I desire to ask the
gentleman if Houard had died, leaving real
estate in the city of Philadelphia which it
required that he should have been a citizen
in order for his children to inherit that prop-
erty, has he done any act which would have
prevented those children from inheriting that
property under our laws, and if so, what?
Mr. WILLARD, 1 do not regard that ques-
tion as necessarily connected with this discus-
sion at all. As 1 am not familiar with the
laws of Pennsylvania, of course I cannot an-
swer. That is a question, as is this other
question of citizenship, which is a mixed ques-
tion of law and fact, and not a question to be
decided upon a case stated hv pothetic-ally, which
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] has
just put to me, to be answered off-hand.
I say this, that it has been decided in the
Kosciusko case, (14 Howard,) and in the
similar case cited by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Amblek,] that the domicile being in a
foreigu country, all questions in respect to the
settlement of an estate are to be controlled
by that domicile. But, as I said a moment
ago, this is a question ot' mixed law and fact,
and is not to be decided upon any hypothetical
case that may be presented.
And this question of the abandonment of
citizenship is a question which every nation
must decide for itself. No nation can, with
any respect for its own financial condition, its
condition as a war-making power, its duty to
its own citizens, allow anybody, no matter who
that person is, to decide the question of citi-
zenship for himself. Whenever any person
asks the protection of the Government of the
United States on the ground that he is an
American citizen, it is for the United States
in the line of its policy, according to its long
course of decisions, according to what is the
best and soundest policy, to decide that ques-
tion of citizenship, and when it comes to the
conclusion that the individual seeking its pro-
tection is, as a citizen, entitled to it, I will go
as far as any gentleman of this House in ask
ing that the United States shall stand by its
citizens, whether those citizens are in South
Carolina or happen for the time being to be
in Cuba.
Now, sir, it is very clear that this matter of
citizenship, as has already been stated in this
debate, is a matter of reciprocal rights and
duties. If the Government protects the citi-
zen, the country is entitled to the support of
that citizen. -If the citizen puts it out of his
power to support and uphold the Government.,
or to contribute to its strength and resources,
the Government is, ipso facto, clearly released
from any duty to extend its protection to that
citizen. The citizen has abandoned his duty
on the one hand, and on the other hand the
Government is released from its obligations.
Now, sir, this is a proposition which is a
very simple one in our ordinary affairs; we
agree to it every day. It is a simple proposi-
tion in national affairs, and one which should
be just as readily agreed to. That is just the
question in this case. And for the purpose of
calling attention to some authorities which
were not read yesterday in the debate, I wili
mention briefly again the facts in respect to
Dr. Houard.
Dr. Houard's father, a Frenchman, came
to this country some time previous to 1800,
was naturalized in 1803, resided in Pennsyl-
vania until 1815, when Dr. Houard was bom.
and five or six years afterward, or about
1821, he emigrated to Cuba. Let us bear in
mind the force of this expression, because it
is an accurate description of the act per-
formed. He emigrated to Cuba, a Spanish
colony, with his family, as a colonist. • What
ever domicile he may have had in the United
States prior to that time was fully abandoned.
There is no evidence in this case, and no pre-
tense or claim, that he left any property in
this country, that he had any interest drawing
him back to this country, or that he had any
intention of returning to this country. On
the contrary, all the evidence in the case is
conclusive that his change of domicile, his
of residence, his change of country,
were permanent, that it was intended to last
as long as he lived ; and it did last as long as
he lived.
Now, sir, he went to Cuba in 1821, took his
family there, and received from the Govern-
ment there land for himself as a colo dst, for
his wife, and for each one of his children over
sixteen years of age, about thirty-three acres
for each, I believe.. He went there under a
royal decree of the Spanish Government,
which provides that at the expiration of the
first five years—I ask the attention of the mem-
bers of this House to this point, for my col-
league [Mr. Ambleb] was unable for want of
time to bring it oitf yesterday in his remarks—
at the expiration of the first five years from
the settlement of foreign emigrants in the
island, provided they pledge themselves to
remain there, they shall enjoy all the rights
and privileges of naturalization:
"The same rights and privileges shall also be en-
joyed by such children as they may have abroad, or
as may have been bora to them in the island, in
order that they may hold civil or military offices of
honor according to the talent and capacity of each
one."
It was under that royal decree that Dr. Hou-
ard's father emigrated as a colonist to Cuba,
received land, and settled there. Before the
expiration of the five years specified in this
article of the royal decrea he died; 'but his
widow remained, his children remained. So
far as he was concerned, so far as any of them
were concerned, they complied in every par-
ticular with the requirements of this royal
decree ; and under thai decree there can be no
question, in my judgment, that Dr. Houard is
to-day a subject of Spain just as much as he
would have been if his father had lived for the
whole five years and had then taken the oath
which these articles required to be taken at
the end of that time.
But, Mr. Speaker, let me call attention to
the analogy between this case and that of Mar-
tin Koszta. Koszta had not taken the final
oath of allegiance to the Government of the
United States ; he had only declared his inten-
tion to become a citizen of this country, and it
was necessary that he should remain here five
years before he could complete his citizenship
by taking the final oath. In that ease we held
that he was to such an extent a citizen of the
United States that the Governmant would
interpose its arm to rescue him from the soil
of his native country, or from the deck of an
Austrian vessel, which is constructively a part
of the soil of that country.
Now, here is an emigrant who goes abroad
with the intention of remaining, just as Mar-
tin Koszta came to this country with the in-
tention of remaining. He declared his in-
tention to remain abroad by the very fact of
emigrating and taking this laud as a colonist.
He died before his final and complete natural-
ization could take effect under that royal
decree. But the decree declared that his chil-
dren should be naturalized citizens without
taking any oath. His widow remained there
more than the five years; his children remained
there; this one, Dr. Houard, has remained
there until this day.
Sir, whether he is technically, as has been
stated here, a citizen of Spain or not, it is clear
that he is in every asoect much more acitizen of
Spain than Martin lloszta was a citizen of the
United States, and that Spain has infinitely
more right to interpose its arm in defense of
him if he should be claimed by this Govern-
ment or any other than we had to interpose
iu the case of Koszta. Yet geutlemen on the
other side to-day—aud not to-day for the first
time—have held up Captain Ingraliaui before
us as the model officer in this matter of pro-
tection of American citizens. I say, then,
looking at that alone, if we had i.othing else
in this case to act upon, we should be obliged
to say that Dr. Houard is a Spanish subject.
But I do not rely wholly upon that; as I have
already said it. is not necessary to the view
which 1 take of this case. But it is, neverthe-
