1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
47
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Naval Appropriations—Mr. Morgan.
Ho. of Reps.
a little over eighty million's; while the naval
expenditures during the six fiscal years of
peace following the war amounted to more
than one hundred and sixty-one millions, or
more than double the cost of supporting the
Navy during the six years of peace preceding
the war. I thank my friend for calling my
attention in this direction.
The expenditure of $80,000,000 during six
years of peace.was too much; but such being
the fact, how great has been the wrong of
spending more than double that amount during
the six years of peace just passed! I come
not to justify, or palliate, or excuse extrava-
gance in any administration of the Govern-
ment, but to denounce and expose it wherever
it exists. I have not risen td speak in the
name of party, but in the great name of the
people, and in their name I demand reform.
It was only the other day that the Indian
bill, appropriating about seven millions of
money, was reported from my colleague's
("Mr. Garfield's] committee, and passed the
House. Debate was limited to five minutes—
which doubtless was enough, as seven millions
has become a trifle—but the fact is, that during
forty-four years of our history the annual In-
dian expenditures amounted to less than one
million for forty-four years; to less than two
millions for fifty-seven years; and for sixty-
five years to less than three million dollars.
The Indians have decreased in number. As
tribe after tribe has vanished from the earth,
just in that ratio have the appropriations for
the Indians been increased. And yet my hon-
orable friend, [Mr. Garfield,] whose voice is
so often heard upon the question of reform,
and other eloquent reformers upon the other
side of the House, came up in solid phalanx and
voted $7,000,000 for Indian appropriations.
Mr-. Chairman, this bill asks for the enorm-
ous appropriation of $18,000,000 for the sup-
port of the Navy during a single year. The
gentleman in charge of the bill has instituted
comparisons. I will follow his example.
The report of the Secretary of the Treasury
for 1871, pages 366 and. 367, states that the
entire annual expenditures for the civil list,
foreign intercourse, miscellaneous expendi-
tures, military and naval service, for the In-
dians and pensions, all included, amounted to
less than eighteen millions during a period of
forty years of our history as a Government.
Some one may say, "But you forget the
growth of the country." i forget nothing of
the kind. And I here denounce the appro-
priation proposed in this bill as wicked and
extravagant, the act of a spendthrift Govern-
ment, and i warn gentlemen to remember that
the fate of all spendthrifts, whether individuals
or Governments, is bankruptcy.
The total naval expenditures during the war
of 1812 were as follows:
For 1812  $1,965,666
For 1813  3,959,365
For 1814  6,446,600
Total $12,371,531
Yet to-day we are asked to make an appro-
priation of $18,000,000, one third more than
the entire cost of the Navy during three years
of war, to support the Navy during one year
of peace. How does it happen that this great
sum is asked for? The ingenious gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Hale] said that a change
of grades had taken place in the Navy. Ah,
indeed, such a change did take place. How
came the change? Who made the change?
Who are accountable to the country for that
most mistaken change ?
Prior to 1862 the highest grade in the
American Navy was that of flag officer. There
was only one flag officer, and his salary was
$4,500. In 1862, when the attention of the
country was called away from Congress and
was directed toward the battle-field, then it
was that this grave inroad was made upon our
institutions, and monarchical titles were cre-
ated. In 1862, for the first time in the history
of our Government, the titles of commodore
and rear admiral were instituted. And while
under the old system the flag officer himself
received only $4,500, we find the increase of
salary commencing with the increase of title;
and when the office of rear admiral was
created the salary of that officer was fixed at
$6,000.
The pretended "reformers" did not stop
here; for, mark you, Mr. Chairman, all of
these changes were introduced into our sys-
tem by the men who would have the country
understand that they are, par excellence, the
watchful guardians of the Treasury and the
champions of reform. In 1864 the title of
Vice Admiral was instituted, and the salary
was fixed at $7,000. In 1866 another step
toward monarchy was taken, and the grade
of Admiral was created with a salary of
$10,000. Thus, from $4,1500, the highest
naval salary in 1861, we had advanced in
1866 to a salary of $10,000.
Nor did this species of "reform" stop here.
I desire to call the attention of my honorable
friend, [Mr. Dawes,] the chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways Means, and who in the last
Congress was chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, to certain facts. While he
was chairman of that committee a section was
injected into the naval appropriation bill in-
creasing the salaries of naval officers; and the
salary of the Admiral, which by the act of 1866
had been placed at $10,000, was by the act
of July, 1870, placed at $13,000. The salary
of the Vice Admiral was fixed at $9,000; that
of the rear admiral at $7,000; that of a com-
modore at $5,000; that of a captain at $4,500.
That is to say, in 1866 the officer holding the
fifth grade in the American Navy was allowed
as high a salary as the officer holding the high-
est grade received in 1861.
But we are told by the Secretary of the Navy
in his report—and my friend from Maine has
intimated tho same thing—that these titles
were necessary. Why? Because, says the Sec-
retary of the Navy in his report, our squadrons
on foreign stations meet fleets of Great Britain,
France, and other nations, under the command
of officers holding the title of admiral; and
our officers would suffer in consideration did
they not bear equal rank. Why, sir, if an
American President were to travel in Europe
he would come in contact with those called
emperors and kings ; and if you send a min-
ister to London, or Paris, or Vienna, or Ber-
lin, or St. Petersburg, he will meet there as
his colleagues in the diplomatic service per-
sons holding the titles of duke, and marquis,
and count; and if the argument is good as to
the title of admiral because the monarchies of
Europe have admirals, it is also good as to
the diplomatic service, and our ministers to
foreign Governments would at that rate be
given titles of nobility. Then let this odious
policy be abandoned, and if not abolished by
Congress the question will be carried to the
great tribunal of the people.
Mr. Chairman, it is very instructive to glancc
at the growth of this noxious system ingrafted
on our Government. In 1862 the total num-
ber of admirals, that is, admirals on the
active and the retired lists, was thirteen. In
1871 we find the number increased to forty.
So, between 1862 and 1871, the increase was
more than threefold, and they still are going
on increasing. During the last Congress a
bill was passed giving all naval officers who
had received the thanks of Congress promo-
tion in rank, ar.d two rear admirals received
promotion in that manner.
In 1862, the total number of commodores
was thirty-five. In 1871 the whole number
of commodores .was-seveoty-two. Between
1862 and 1871 the number had more than
doubled.
I wish to call the attention of the committee
to another abuse in the Navy. In the Army
of the United States an officer is retired on a
fixed pay, and no matter how long he may
remain upon the retired list, his pay is not
increased. If he be retired as a general he
receives the retired jjay of a general, and if he
is retired as a captain he receives the retired
pay of a captain. In the Army there is no
promotion for retired officers. As he is retired,
so he remains until he dies. But such is not
the case in the Navy. A midshipman in the
Navy may be retired as a midshipman, and
may be promoted on the retired list until he
comes to be an admiral.
At this moment there are eleven rear ad-
mirals upon the retired list who were retired
from the Navy as captains. They were retired
at salaries of $1,600 a year.
Six of these retired captains, who were made
rear admirals while retired, were assigned to
some duty as rear admirals, on salaries of
$5,000 each, although retired on salaries of
$1,600. So that these officers, instead of
receiving $1,600 each, the pay on which they
w£re retired, now receive $5,000 each, and
the six, instead of receiving $9,600, now
receive $30,000 a year.
Seventeen commodores were retired as cap-
tains, and all of them may be assigned to some
nominal duty or other at $4,000 a year, instead
of $1,600. During the last Congress, in reply
to a resolution of the Senate, the Secretary of
the Navy stated there were in Washington ten
admirals and nine commodores on duty, one
hundredtand one naval officers in all, employed
at the sea-port of Washington. There are
twelve commodores on the retired list, who
were retired as commanders at a salary of
$1,400 a year. All these may be assigned
to duty as commodores at a salary of $4,000
each. Three commodores were retired as
lieutenants, at a salary of $1,000 a year. Yet
it is within the discretion of the Secretary of
the Navy to assign these retired lieutenants to
duty with the pay of commodores.
Now, sir, the disagreeable duty which I ain
called on to perform places me in a position
which I do not really occupy, and that is as
being hostile to the Navy, for the gallant
men of the Navy I have nothing but words of
praise and eulogy to utter. Amoregallantbody
of men than they donotbelong to any service in
the world. Bat I would be false to my duty,
which I do not propose to do, if I did not
denounce the abuses in the Navy which come
to my knowledge by accident or from investi-
gation.
I wish now to refer to the question of allow-
ances of which the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Hale] has spoken. I understood him to say
the prohibited allowances were equal to thirty-
three and a third per cent, of the salaries of
the naval officers. If he so stated ho is mis-
taken. To such an extent had the abuse ot
arbitrary allowances grown that in 1835 a law
was passed prohibiting them altogether. Under-
stand, Mr. Chairman, these allowances were
never authorized by law, but grew up in vio-
lation of law. In 1835 they were prohibited
by express statute. But in 1866—and we will
see now who is responsible—a clause was
injected into the appropriation bill repealing
so much of the second section of the act of
1835 as prohibited arbitrary allowances. What
then? This was on the 17th day of April, 1866
What follows? Why, sir, on the 23d day of
May we find the Secretary of the Navy issuing
a general order, No. 75, to the following
effect. The Secretary says:
" Congress having, in view of the call for increased
compensation to officers of the Navy, repealedtte
law which prohibited any allowance to them ior
rent of quarters or to pay rent for furniture, or lor
[ lights, or fuel,'" Ac.
