1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1891
coffee, and to continue the duties upon arti-
cles manufactured abroad coming into com-
petition with American labor.
Mr. MOR'l'ONaddressed the Senate. [His
speech wili be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. GAME HON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
Mr. SHERMAN. No; I hope we shall get
a vote on this bill to-night.
Mr. CAMERON. If we can have a vote
now, I will give way; but I do not think we
can.
I trust we shall have a
Mr. SHERMAN,
vote.
Mr. CAMERON,
an executive session.
Mr. SHERMAN,
business.
Mr. CAMERON.
I will try the question on
There is no executive
If there were no execu-
tive business I should not have made the
motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think there is none.
Mr. CAMERON. I trust the Senator will
allow me to know whether there is or is not.
Mr. SHERMAN. We had better go 011.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Bore-
man in the chair.) The Senator from Penn-
sylvania moves that the Senate proceed to the
consideration ofexecutive business.
Mr. SHERMAN. I take it we must get
through with this tariff bill 
Mr. TRUMBULL. The motion is not de-
batable.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is not
debatable.
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust the Senate will
not do it. I call for the yeas and nays.
Mr. CAMERON. 1 have no desire to in-
terfere witli the bill, and would not have made
the motion if I thought there was any-chance
of getting through with it. [" There is!"]
Some of the Senators say we shall probably
get through with this bill. I therefore with-
draw the motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is withdrawn. The question recurs on the
amendment of the Senator from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Scott] to the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Finance, placing tea and coffee on
the free list.
Mr. SCOTT. On that I demand the yeas
and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont Before the
vote is taken I desire to say a single word in
relation to a point suggested by the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.] My own im-
pression is that we cannot hope for the same
amount of revenue from importations of for-
eign merchandise that we have had for the
last few years. Certainly the time will come,
and that speedily, when we shall have no
more railroad bonds or United States^ bonds
to send abroad to liquidate our foreign indebt-
edness, and whenever that resource shall be
stopped we shall find that our revenue will be
suddenly diminished.
I am in favor, at the earliest possible mo-
ment, of making tea, coffee, and sugar also,
free. I am not in favor of the British system
of taxation, which throws the burden as much
upon the poorer, the laboring classes, as upon
anybody else. We know that their system
of "taxation, based as it is upon the necessary
articles of life, and upon land, upon com-
merce, upon stamps, bears very oppressively,
in comparison with our own system of finance,
upon their people. But yet I do not think at
this early day we can spare the whole of this
revenue, and it seems to me that it is more
advisable that we knock off some of the mount-
ain peaks of the tariff before we entirely get
rid of the duties upon tea and coffee.
Mr. SCOTT. I only say, in answer to that,
that with $100,000,000 in the Treasury, if it
becomes necessary to reimpose a war tax^ on
tea and coffee, we can get back to it time
enough to get the money into the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 would remind the Sen-
ator that, we have already taken off two fifths
of the tax on tea and coffee, and this bill pro-
poses to take off one third more, while all the
taxes that were imposed during the war on
blankets and all the ordinary necessaries of
life still remain. I appeal to Senators to re-
member that the question is not so much as
to whether we shall repeal the duties on tea and
coffee ; it is whether we shall make any changes
whatever in the war tariff that has existed since
1862 oil all the other necessaries of life.
Mr. COLE I am paired with the Senator
from North Carolina, Mr. Pool. If he were
present he would vote "yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 05, nays 13; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Cameron, Chandler, Clayton, Cooper, Corbett.
Davis of West Virginisi, Edmunds. Ferry of Mieh-
iga.n, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Goldtliwaite, Hill,
Hitchcock, Howe, Kellogg, Kolly, Morton, Norwood,
Nye, Osborn, Pomeroy, Pratt, liamaey, Kice, Rob-
ertson. Sawyer, Scott, Stewart, Vickers, West, and
Wimlom—35.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Iilair, Colliding, Fenton,
Hamilton of Maryland. Ilamlin, Johnston, Morrill
of Vermont, Schurz, Sherman, Sumner, Trumbull,
and Wrieht—13.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Carpenter. Casserly, Cole, Cragin, Davis of
Kentucky, Ferry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Ham-
ilton of Toxas, Harlan, Lewis, Logan, Morrill
of Maine, Patterson, Pool, Saulsbury, Spencer,
Sprague, Stevenson, Stockton, Thurman, Xipton,
and Wilson—25.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Pennsylvania desires now to move an amend-
ment to strike out "tea and coffee" from the
first section. The amendment was originally
offered in that way, but was divided.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I suppose
general assent will be given to that.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, tea and coffee in the thirteenth line
of the first section will be stricken now from
taxable articles.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I move now
to strike out the second section of the amend-
ment of the committee. I do it because, first,
there are some things in it to which lam op-
posed, and from a conviction that it is abso-
lutely indispensable if we propose hereafter to
make any reduction in the internal revenue
taxes, as 1 hope it is the purpose of us all to
do; and I might say that the argument of the
Senator from Indiana in relation to the in-
crease of the amount of revenues was all
included in the estimates of the ehairman of
the Committee on Finance.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont moves to amend the amend-
ment of the committee by striking out the sec-
ond section, which reduces the existing duties
on various articles ten per cent, of such duties.
The whole section will be reported if any Sen-
ator desires. -
Mr. SHERMAN. It is hardly worth while
to read the section. The vote already given
includes a vote to strike out the second sec-
tion.
Mr. MORTON. No; I hope not.
Mr. SHERMAN. This matter of the tariff
cannot be adjusted upon the mere cry of any
portion of the people for the repeal of taxes.
The taxes that are now repealed in this bill
amount to $31,351,581. That is more than
any sensible man who has approached the
matter dispassionately proposes to decrease
the tariff it any internal taxes are to be re-
The Senator from Indiana himself proposes
to repeal all internal taxes but those on whisky,
tobacco, and beer. That would be a repeal
of $33,000,000 of revenue. 1 take it, that no
one who has carefully examined this mat ter m
detail proposes to repeal $33,000,000 of inter-
nal taxes, and also §31.351,581 of duties on
imported goods.
The Senate have determined, manifestly,
by a very decided vote, to place tea and cofiee
on the free list. We cannot go beyond the
$21,000,000 proposed to be repealed of the tari fif
duties, unless it is the intention not to make
any further repeal or reduction of internal
taxes. The duties repealed, as the bill now
stands amended, amount to $31,351,581, as I
have stated. In order to reduce that to the
amount we can safely repeal, it will be neces-
sary to strike out the second section; it will
also be necessary to stiike out soda-ash, per-
haps rice, and a few other main articles that
will reduce the amount to about twenty one
million dollars.
I beg Senators who are casting votes to
remember the result of those votes. We
have now by the vote of the Senate thrown
off a revenue amounting to about seventeen
million dollars. We have left untouched all
the high taxes of the tariff unabated and un-
diminished. These taxes are higher than they
ever were before in the history of this country
or any other country in the world.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Do I understand the
Senator to say that the present tariff on these
articles is higher than it ever was before ;
higher than ir, was during the war and after
the war ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The present tariff on.
what are called the protected articles is higher'
than ever before the war.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Oh, before the war.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said that, or intended-
to say it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I merely inquired for
information.
Mr. SHERMAN. Those taxes are retained
at war rates. Let me remind Senators that
four times during the war we increased the
tariff rates, once by fifty per cent, throughout.
The rates at the beginning of the war in 1861,
were fixed by the Morrill tariff bill, and that
was regarded as a protective tariff; it was
passed by the friends of protection, and gave
all the protection that was claimed by the
friends of protection to American industry.
It is what is commonly denominated a protect-
ive tariff. The rates prescribed by that tariff
were four times increased during the war;
once by a single blow fifty per cent, was added
to the rates. They have never been dimin-
ished except here and there on casual articles,
and two years ago we took off about one third
of the duty on tea and coffee and added a few
articles to the free list. All the other war
duties remain.
Under these circumstances, the Committee
on Finance, after very careful deliberation ou
this subject, thought it was wise to reduce
these duties, aud they proposed a ra'able
reduction of ten percent. We could not do
that and repeal entirely the duties on tea and
coffee. I am as anxious to vote for a repeal
of the duties on tea and coffee as any one;
they are duties that come home to every family,
and if I thought we could safely repeal the
duties on tea and coffee, and yet make a mod-
erate reduction of other high duties, and also
clean away the internal revenue taxes, now
exceptional in their character, I should be
very glad to do it: but we cannot do it. With
justice to the people of the country we
cannot reduce the revenue to the extent of
$63,000,000, and nobody proposes it. The
Secretary of the Treasury advised us not to
go beyond $36,000,000, but we finally con-
cluded to go to the extent of $60,000,000.
In the House of Representatives the commit-
tee is composed of gentlemen who desire to
entirely revise the tariff in many details ; but
even there no one proposes to reduce taxes
more than $50,000,000 that I know of. it is
not safe to do it. Under those circumstances,
if it is proposed to strip the internal levenue
of all taxes except those on whisky , tobacco,
and beer, we cannot go beyond a reduction ot
$21,000,000 on the tariff. _
1 consider the repeal of the duties on tea
and coffee as settled, and the business men
of this country might as well understand it
