996
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
custom-house, and the internal revenue offices
have to go about begging for quarters in which
to do their business. The committee believe
that a building ought to be erected in Albany.
They have based their recommendation upon
the fact that a sub-committee has visited
Albany and reported in favor of a building
being erected there. Now, if the Secretary
of the Treasury, as suggested by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth. j is controlled
by the recommendations of his subordinates,
if he makes his estimates from what they say,
then he is bound by this recommendation,
which comes in subsequently to his annual
report. For these reasons, without desiring
to take up the time of the House, I am in
favor of the passage of this bill.
Mr. HALSEY. I yield now for a mo-
ment to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Potter.]
Mr. POTTER. I agree, Mr. Speaker, with
the gentlemen from Ohio and Indiana who
have just spoken, that if any new public build-
ing of the kind ought now to be erected by
this Government it is this building for a post
office and custom-house at Albany.
I will state very briefly also, sir, relying for
the details of my information upon the sub-
committee of the committee reporting this
bill, why there is a special need and propriety
for a public building there. Albany, sir, is
one of the oldest capitals in the Union. From
the establishment of this Government it has
been the capital of that great State which is first
in population, firstin wealth, first in commerce,
and, as the last census discloses, first even*in
the value of us agricultural products, exclud-
ing^ live stock, of all the States of this Union.
It is itself an important city, with a popula-
tion of about seventy thousand persons, having
five hundred enrolled vessels, with a lumber
trade amounting the last year to $11,000,000;
with a custom-house in which goods were im-
ported last year to the value of §1,271,000,
and duties paid to the extent of over three
hundred thousand dollars in gold; where in-
ternal revenue has been collected in the last
eight years to the amount of $15,817,] 28 49 ;
where eleven thousand pensioners are quar-
terly paid and $1,750,000 a year disbursed for
pensions; a city which is the terminus of the
Erie canal, the terminus of the principal navi-
gation of the Hudson river, and the terminus
of six or more important railways; a city in
which the State of New York is about erect-
ing a new capital building to cost millions of
dollars. And yet in this most important cap-
ital the Federal Government has heretofore
erected no public building whatever. Its post
office is kept in a hired building most incon-
venient for the purpose; so are its customs
and its revenue offices; its courts, for a district
extending from near the city of New York
to Buffalo, are held in buildings belonging to
the city or the State. Its pension papers are
exposed to loss and destruction by fire. And
yet if the public building now recommended
by the committee should be erected it would
be the first expenditure of the Government fox*
such a purpose at this most important and
necessary point for such expenditure.
Surely, sir, gentlemen are right when they
say that if this is not the place for a public
building such as that recommended by the
committee no such public buildings should
now be erected by the Government at all.
Ana the fact that the city of Albany has
offered, as stated here, to freely give to the
Government a suitable site for this much-
needed public improvement is as much to its
cred't as further neglect by the Government
(-I the needs of the puolic at tins point wouldj
Jt, seems to me, be to the Government's dis-
credit.
Mr. HALSEY. I now yield for a moment to
the gentleman from California. [Mr. Saroent.I
-dr. SARGENT. When I was a member
or tne Committee on Appropriations last year
i was one of those who believed that this
building was very necessary for the United
States, and very proper to be built, and I
cheerfully aided in the House an effort to
make an appropriation for it. Perhaps there
are few appropriations for public buildings
that could be better made a test than this.
But if it is proposed that a test be made on
this, it is necessary first to understand whether
this exclusive recommendation made by the
Secretary of the Treasury, whether based on
his own knowledge or from information fur-
nished to him, is based on a sufficient consid-
eration of the facts.
Now, to illustrate the fact that we cannot
pass any particular measure and make a test
of it without a broader consideration than is
possible, having in view only that measure,
i desire to call attention to a fact or two in
regard to the city of San Francisco. The Gov-
ernment owns in the business portion of that
city, by undisputed title for fifteen years, a lot
one hundred and thirty-seven and a half feet
by two hundred and seventy-five /eet. It is
next to the custom-house. It is surrounded
by brick business buildings used for whole-
sale purposes. This lot is now occupied by
shanties, which years ago became so old and
rotten that nails would no longer hold in
them and repairs were impossible, and now
these buildings are left to rot and damps,
entirely unoccupied and unimproved. They
are unsightly, a filthy nuisance in the business
heart of the city, an object of contempt and dis-
gust. Yet the lot is of high commercial value,
and should be improved if the Government
has need of it for business purposes, or sold
A piece of property like that in the heart of
the city is, of course, a mark for speculators,
and consequently, just before the meeting of
the last Congress, a lease was made, by the
then ^Secretary of the Treasury, of that property
for Sl.OOO a month to one of the sharpest
business men of our city, and an associate,
subject to the disapproval of Congress, not the
approval, so that without express dissent it
became operative. That lease was worth
S50,000 the moment it was signed. One of
the first acts of the last Congress was to dis-
affirm that lease and rescuc that property
from the hands of the speculators. Now this
property, so large and so valuable, so dis-
used and such a nuisance right in the busi-
ness part of the city, is neglected year after
year, while according to the report of the Com-
mittee on Retrenchment, which took testimony
upon that and other matters at San Francisco,
it is shown that there is annually paid out for
rents by the Government of the United States
for Government offices in the city of San Fran-
cisco, §67,800. Now, I ask, is not that a start-
ling fact?
I have introduced and had referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
a bill to provide for the erection of a simple
brick building, not a marble palace, to accom-
modate our United States courts, land office,
revenue offices, post office, surveyor general's
office, coast survey office, and for additional
appraisers' stores, &c., all of which are neces-
sary, and which the Secretary of the Treasury
strongly recommended last year and has assured
me he will recommend to the committee again
this year. My proposition is to cover this large
lot with a simple, modest building of brick and
mortar, by which the Government will save the
large amount 1 have named each year.
Now, what is the reason assigned by the
Secretary of the Treasury against new build-
ings ? It is that the supervising architect has
his hands full of present structures. Is the
Government to bleed to the extent of $67,800
annually for the rent of inconvenient buildings
in San Francisco, scattered all over that city,
for such a reason? If this is to be made a
test case, I want the members of the House at
any rate to understand what are the wants of
the country. It i3 a standing disgrace to the
Government of the United States that a build-
ing is not put upon that lot, a modest brick
building, but one that will answer the pur-
poses of the Government. At the last session
of Congress an item for the purpose was re-
ported in the appropriation bill. After a state-
ment of the facts such as I have made here
to day, and alter some contest which ceased
when the facts were known to the House, on
the call of the yeas and nays, that a few mem-
bers desired, it was carried by a four-fifths
vote. Afterward the bill was loaded down
with appropriations for buddings iu little
places of five thousand inhabitants and of
ten thousand inhabitants, and this proposition
was swamped, because the Hou«e, in its good
nature, went beyond where it ought to go.
I call attention to the fact that the report
of the Secretary of the Treasury, which ac-
companied his cited recommendation, shows
that the revenues collected in San Francisco
amounted last year to $50,000,000. It is the
great capital of the Pacific empire. Exce-.it in
San Francisco there is not a public buddoig
in the whole State. The only public builuing
in San Francisco of any consequence, except
the new mint, is an old custom-house shaken
by an earthquake, and in which the post office
is still held, and where you have to pay 3-300
a month for the gas consumed in the day time
to give light enough to enable the clerks to
sort your letters. This condition of things
demands reform. It is economy to provide
speedily for a proper building on this lot, and
I trust that to-morrow my bdl will be reported
by the committee, and pass the House.
Mr. HALSEY. 1 cali the previous question.
Mr. GAKFIELD. ot Ohio. I hope the pre-
vious question will not be ordered now. This
bill is still in manuscript, and has never been
printed. I want to state some facts in connec-
tion with it.
Mr. RANDALL. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. HALSEY. I must call the previous
question now, to keep this bill from going
over till to-morrow.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question ; and upon a division there
were—-ayes 98, noes 16; no quorum voting.
Tellers weie ordered; and Mr. Halsey and
Mr. Randall were appointed.
Mr. RANDALL. I do not desire any fur-
ther count. I want to state to the House that
I think there are some here who might vote
for this bill not as a test at all. There has
been, on the part of the citizens of Albany,
great liberality in this respect. They have
given to the Government a lot worth $200,000.
and I protest against this being made a test as
to the policy of the Government.
The SPEAKER. If there be no further
count required, the previous qufstion will be
regarded as seconded.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I demand a
further count.
The SPEAKER. No quorum voted on the
last vote, and a further count being demanded,
the gentleman from Ohio, Mr. Garfield, will
act as teller with the gentleman from New Jer-
sey, Mr. Halsey.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported that there were-—ayes one hundred
and twenty-seven, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered ; and under
the operation thereof the bill was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the ihiro
time.
The question then recurred on the passage
of the bill.
Mr. HALSEY. I now yield to the g-ntle-
man from New York. [Mr. Perry.]
Mr. PERRY, of New York, asked and
obtained leave to print remarks upon ihe
pending measure. [His remarks will be found
m the Appendix.]
Mr. HALSEY. I now yield to the gentle
man from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield ]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker
