1892
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
and prepare their business for it, because the
House of Representatives have twice, by a
very large majority, decided t,o repeal the
duties on tea and coffee, and the Senate has
to-day by a very decided vote agreed to repeal
the duties 011 tea and coffee. The committee,
of course, must acquiesce in this action, and
base their recommendations hereafter on the
repeal of the duties on tea and coffee. I, for
one, do not intend to resist it; I do not intend
to seek to reverse the decision, becausc, I take
it, such a decision having been made deliber-
ately in the Senate, is final, and I, for one,
shall not hereafter contest it, but shall accept
it as settled that tea and coffee are to be put
upon the free list. This being so, we cannot
go any further in the, reduction of duties on
imported goods, unless we intend to leave the
stamp taxes and the other taxes imposed by
the internal revenue laws remain.
I have therefore, in anticipation of what
I saw was the current of sentiment here, to
repeal the duties on tea and coffee, informally
consulted with the members of the committee
as to the course to be taken. There are two
modes to pursue : either to recommit this bill
to the Committee on Finance and let them
revise it and see what should be substituted
for the duties on tea and coffee thus repealed,
or to propose some changes of plan to con-
form to the vote of the Senate. I am there-
fore instructed, rather Informally, however, by
some members of the committee, and I may
say by all the committee whom I have been
able to see—my friend from Delaware [Mr.
Bayard] is not in his seat, but I have no doubt
he would concur if he were here, although
I am not prepared to speak for him—I am
instructed to move to strike out the sccond
section. The Senator from Vermont, how-
ever, has already made, the motion, and I shall
certainly vote lor it. I am instructed also to
move to strike out rice, which yields a pretty
considerable revenue, and also soda-ash, one
of the articles we have been desirous to make
free for the benefit of the manufacturing in-
dustry of the country in different branches,
but which now under the changed circum-
stances we cannot do.
If this course is pursued, still there will be
a reduction of $22,000,000 of duties on im-
ported goods, and that is all we can safely do
with a reasonable sense of what is discreet
and proper in view of the circumstances of
the country, unless it is our purpose not to
repeal internal taxes; and I can say that so
far as 1 can gather, not only the opinion of
the Senate but of the House of Represent-
atives, there is it general desire that we should
sweep away all internal taxes except those on
whisky, tobacco, and beer. We can ga no
further. It is a very simple thing indeed to
repeal taxes, but I submit to any Senator
whether he is willing to take the responsibil-
ity, under the circumstances, of stopping all
payments upon the principal of the public
debt, of coming down to the bare poles, with
the possibility that a slight change in our
importations would 'leave us a deficit in our
revenue. My friend from Pennsylvania speaks
of the balance on hand. If that balauce on
hand, which is in gold, be used at all, it must
be used m paying liquidated claims against
the Government; but I take it that no man
familiar with the wants ot the Government
would dimmish to any considerable extent the
mass of gold on hand, because 
Mr. EDMUNDS. If he did, he would break
us down.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was going to say that
that gold on hand is the great steadying lever
in our whole financial system. Nearly every
one who looks at it in the distance looks upon
this mass ot gold in the Treasury as idle, use-
less money. Why, sir, that gold on hand is
the governing power by which our currency is
maintained steadily and every day approaches
to par in gold, and it is the means by which
that currency will be maintained at par in
gold when we come to the resumption of specie
payments. It is, therefore, not a source of
revenue; we must not look to it except in a
case of dernier ressort.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Ohio
permit me to say that I did not advocate the
withdrawing of that surplus from the Treas-
ury at this time? My remark was that with
$100,000,000 gold in the Treasury, if war
came we could get back to war taxes and get
the money into the Treasury in time.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have no doubt of that;
but as sensible and prudent men we ought to
view these facts as a sober question of arith-
metic. Now, sir, the most sanguine man can-
not possibly estimate our revenue next year in
excess of our expenditures at over one hun-
dred million dollars. The Secretary of the
Treasury says it will be only $86,000,000.
No sanguine man can put it at over one hun-
dred millions. Does anybody wantto pay less
than^ fifty millions on the principal of the
public debt? We are bound by law to pay
$30,000,000 into the sinking fund, and that
law isjust as imperative as the payment of the
interest of the debt, so that all we have over
is $20,000,000.
I submit these remarks to explain why I
shall vote for the amendment now submitted
by the Senator from Vermont to strike out
the proposed reduction on textiles and metal-
lic fabrics; and then, if the Senator from
South Carolina [Mr. Sawfish] presses his mo-
tion to restore rice to the same duty now im-
posed on it, I shall vote for that. In that way
we may bring down the proposed reduction of
duties to $22,000,000.
1 give notice that if a majority of the Senate
will sit here we might just as well finish this
tariff bill to-night. I do not intend myself to
debate it, and I think there are only two or
three questions ir> it in regard to which there
will be division.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, tea and coffee will be placed in the
free-list section alphabetically in their proper
places, as that section is arranged alphabetic-
ally.
Mr. POMEROY. This is almost all an
amendment. Are we treating it as an original
bill?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not at all. The
House bill upon which it is predicated is in
a few lines, and the Committee on Finance
reported an^ amendment in the nature of a
substitute. The pending question now is on
an amendment to the amendment, striking out
the second section of the amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I made the inquiry in
order to find out in a parliamentary way how
I could undertake to move an amendment to
this amendment by way of perfecting this sec-
tion before it shall be stricken out,
VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont has moved to perfect the com-
mittee's amendment by striking out the second
section.
Mr. POMEROY. I want lu perfect the
second section before it is stricken out.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. That would be
in order under the parliamentaiy law which
allows a body, when a motion to strike out
is made, to perfect the part proposed to be
stricken out.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why not. take the vote
Brat on striking out?
lhe VICE PRESIDENT. The rejection
of the motion to strike out the section would
not prevent its perfection afterward; but the
Senate would have the power to move its
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. But suppose we should
vote to strike, it out, then I cannot do what I
want. There are some items m this second
section which I think might very well be re-
duced. ^ I would vole to strike out the second
section if we could except one or two of the
items.
Mr. STEvVART. lhe Senator can offer
that as an amendment to the bill afterward,
reducing any duties.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. POMEROY. After having voted to
strike out the section, the items in it will be out
of our reach.
The VICE PRESIDENT. When the bill
shall be reported to the Senate the Senator
can then move to perfect it by amendments.
Mr. POMEROY. I think we had better
take the vote now directly on striking this sec-
tion out; but at the proper time I shall move
that some of these articles be reduced ten per
cent.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator can
move that as an additional section to the
amendment of the committee if the second
section should be stricken out.
Mr. POMEROY. I will let the vote be
taken on striking out.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish simply to say that
I am surprised to hear the statement that we
are levying a higher tax upon these goods
than ever before, because during the war the
prices of every one of those imported articles
were double to the people what they are now.
In 1865 they were forty-seven per cent, higher
than they are now, and in 1868 they were
twenty-seven per cent, higher to the people
than they are to-day. Owing to the difference
in the premium on gold, which the people have
to pay in currency, every one of those articles
was protected four years ago twenty-seven per
cent, more than now ; everyone of these arti-
cles is furnished to the people at more than
one fourth less than their cost at that time.
Therefore I say that this second section should
be stricken out, and we should let the duties
remain as they are until we get back to a spe-
cie basis, an international currency, and then
we can-reduce the tariff in accordance there-
with. We give the people the same amount
of goods $11,000,000 cheaper to-day th an we
did in 1868. Therefore they come to the
people that much cheaper. I am in favor of
striking out this section and maintaining our
manufactures as they are now, and when we
get back to the proper basis let us then adjust
the various duties accordingly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The result of the vote
just taken shows a disposition on the part of
the Senate not, as was said by some persons,
to benefit the poor by giving them cheap tea
and coffee, but to tax the poor heavier. Every
dollar tbat^ is^ collected in duty on tea and
coffee is paid into tne Treasury of the United
States, and the tea and the coffee only cost as
much more as the duty that is imposed upon
them. But how is it with the articles in this
second section? What does it contain? The
calico that the poor people in this country pur-
c1|lasf' blankets that covertheir children ;
the shoes that they wear; the axes that they
use ; and the hoes and the plows and every
particle oi iron; and it now is proposed not
to reduce the duties on these articles. The
price of every blanketthat the poor man buys,
and for which he gives three dollars, is in-
creased at least a third in consequence of the
duty that it is proposed to keep upon it. What
proportion of the blankets are brought to this
country from abroad, lam not prepared to say.
1 did not expect to discuss the tariff at this
moment, but. a large proportion of the blank-
ets are manufactured in this country, and the
additional dollar that the poor man pays on
his blanket manufactured in this country  oes
to swell the fortunes of the pampered man-
ufacturer. 1 do not remember the duty on
blankets at this moment, but for the purpose
i iu'r jt'o.n 1 Wl11 suppose that a blanket
could be delivered in this country at two dol-
lars ; and many blankets could be if there
were no duties upon them; they now cost
three dollars ; the man who manufactures them
in this country gets the additional dollar that
the poor man pays; and what goes into your
Ireasury Only that additional dollar which
is collected upon the blankets that are brought
