THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
The question was put on Mr. Hawley's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. HOAR. I offer the following addi-
tional amendment:
And provided. That alllaws regulating the hours
of labor on public works shall he applicable to all
the work done un.uer such contracts.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the
point of order that that changes existing law.
Mr. HOAR. Permit me a single sentence.
The proposition just adopted by the House is
that the work shall be let to the lowest bidder
on certain conditions. I desire to add this
condition, that they shall do the work under
the existing law.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order and rules the amendment out
of order.
Mr, HOAR. I have modified my amend-
ment in order to avoid the point of order
made upon it. I now move to amend by add-
ing the following:
And provided further. That such contract shall
require that all laws regulating the hours of labor
on public works snail dq applicable to all work
done under such contract.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make the
same point of order as before.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read the following:
To commence the erection of a building at Cin-
cinnati, Ohio, for the accommodation of the "United
States courts, qustom-house, United States deposi-
tory, postoffice,internal revenue and pension offices,
the entire cost of completion of which building is
hereby limited to $2,050,000, (exclusive of the eost
of the site of the same,) $300,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I *nm directed
by the Committee on Appropriations to move
as a substitute for the paragraph just read
what I send to the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
"To commence the erection of a building at Cin-
cinnati, Ohio, for the accommodation of the United
States court, custom-house, United States deposit-
ory, postoffice, internal revenue and pension offices,
anu for the purchase at private sale, or by condem-
nation of ground for the site thereof, (the entire coat
of t.hf* completion of which building is hereby lim-
ited to §2,250,01)0, including the cost of site of the
same,) $800,000; and the act of March 12,1872, au-
thorizing the purchase of a site therefor, is hereby
so amended as to limit the cost of the site to a sum
not exceeding §500,000,"
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I call attention
to the following from the Treasury Depart-
ment in support of this amendment:
Treasury Department,
Washington, D. (J., May 20,1872.
Sir: I have the honor to trausmit herewith a
report of tho commission appointed to obtain pro-
posals for a site for a new custom-house, post office,
and court-house building at Cincinnati, Ohio, au-
thoiized by tho act approved March 12,1872.
The commissioners, as will be seen ftora their re-
port. not only failed after due advertisement to
obtain proposals for a bite of suitable dimension in
any desirable part of tho city, hut they also failed
to obtain, by personal solicitation, any supple-
mentary proposals that were advantageous or favor-
able,
The commissioners aro of opinion that the pro-
posals should bo rejected, and that the appropria-
tion should be increased to $500,000. In their views
I concur. Under similar circumstances the appropria-
tion for the new public building at St. Louis,Missouri,
was increased from $300,000 to $500,000. I therefore
respectfully recommend that the limit on the eost
of the site be increased from $300,000 to So00,000, and
that tho additional appropriation required be made
at the present session of Congress.
Very respectfully.
GEO. S. BOUTWELL, Secretary.
Hon. James G. Blune,
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Cincinnati, Ohio, May 15,1872.
Sir: We have the honor to transmit herewith
various propositions to sell to the Government a
site for the proposed new buildings in this city,
received under the advertisementdated April 9, and
submit the following report:
None of the proposals received under the adver-
tisement conform to the requirements thereof, the
largest site offered being less than half of one of the
original blocks in the city. Many of these original
blocks aro subdivided by streets of minor import-
ance, and therefore might properly be considered as
coining within the requirements ofthe department,
and which would, hi the opinion of your committee,
be suitable. Having failed to obtain, as before
stated, any proposals that conformed to the require-
ments of the Department on the conditions ex-
pressed in the advertisement, your committee de-
cided to invite additional proposals, which are also
herewith submitted for the consideration of the
Department, and are numbered from one to nine,
inclusive.
Your committee regret to state that they have
entirely failed to obtain any proposal worthy of
consideration that comes "within the limit of the
appropriation, namely, $300,000, and they are of the
opinion that the purchase of a site such as can be
obtained for that sum would not be for the interest
of the Governujentor the city of Cincinnati.
Your committee, however, succeeded in obtaining
proposals for the greater portion of several blocks
that are well located, and. in their opinion, as well
as that of Mr. Mullett. tho supervising architect,
admirably adapted to the purpose for which thesite
is wanted, and that would be^ entirely satisfactory
to the great business community and the citizens of
Cincinnati generally, and which could be obtained
for a sum not exceeding $500,000. ,
Your committee therelore respectfully recommend
that an increase of the appropriation from $300,000
to $500,000 be obtained before any further action be
taken.
The original blocks in this city are very nearly, if
not identical, in size with thosein thecityof Chicago
one of which the Government has recently pur-
chased at a eost of $1,200,000, and are about twice
the size of the original blocks in the city of St. Louis,
for the purchase of which the Government has re-
cently advertised.
Your committee feel unwilling to recommend the
purchase of one of the original blocks in the city,
being desirous of avoiding any greater expenditure
than is demanded by the necessities of the public
service, present or prospective, and have, therefore,
after careful examination, decided to recommend
the purchase of a half block, as stated above, which
in their opinion,is the least t hat should be purchased,
In this they are confirmed, by their understand-
ing of their instructions and by the action of the
Department in St. Louis, tho site selected in that
city and recommended by your commissioner being
nearly identical in sizo with the half block by us
vsuggested, as are the requirements of the public
businessin the two cities.
Your committee also inclose a copy of the act of
the State Legislature, ceding jurisdiction over any
site that the Government may select, from which it
will be seen that the Legislature contemplated the
acquisition by the Government of title by virtue of
" eminent domain," in case of necessity.
Your committee have carefully examined the ques-
tion, and are unanimously of the opinion that it will
bo impracticable to obtain a perfect and satisfactory
title to the whole of any suitable block without re-
course to condemnation, the property being subdi-
vided into small parcels and held Dy various tenures.
In this opinion they are sustained by the district
attorney, as will be seen by his written opinion here-
with inclosed.
Wo would therefore recommend that, in the act
making the additional appropriation, (as recom-
mended above,) authority be also granted to con-
demn any land necessary to obtain a title thereto.
All of which is respectfully submitted, and we await
further instructions.
Very respectfully, ALPIIONSO TAFT.
W. S. GROSBECK,
E. T. CARSON,
R. 1C. STEPHENSON,
THOS. H. FOULDS.
Hon. Geo. S. Boutwell, Secretary ofthe Treasury.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
by adding to the amendment just adopted the
following:
Provided, That no part of the money appropri-
ated by this bill shall bo paid to the Vaux Patent
Hoofing Company or its assigns."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio* This paragraph
relates entirely to an appropriation for a build-
ing and site at Cincinnati, Ohio. If the gen-
tleman insists upon offering his amendment,
it should come in at the end of all these para-
graphs.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Very well; I will
withdraw my amendment for the present.
The Clerk read as follows :
To commence the erection of a fire-proof build-
ing at Albany, New York, for the accommodation
of the custom-house, post office, United States cir-
cuit and district courts, and internal revenue offices,
$100,000.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I am instructed
by the Committee on Appropriations to move
to insert after the paragraph just read the
following:
For paving, grading, and fencing the approaches
of the new custom-house and court-house building
at Ogdensburg, New York, $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr, HOAB. I move to amend by adding to
the amendment last adopted the following:
And provided, That no money appropriated for
new contracts provided by this bill shall be paid to
any contractor whose workmen are employed more
than eight hours per day.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I raise a point
of order on that amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
Mr. CRGSSLAND. I move to amend by
inserting after the amendment last adopted the
following:
That the sum of $200,000 be and is hereby appro-
priated lor the erection of a building for the use of
the post office, United States court, and internal
revenue offices at Paducah, Kentucky.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I raise the point
of order that there is no law authorizing that
appropriation.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The Clerk read the following:
£or the erection of an addition to the building
at Indianapolis, Indiana, belonging to the United
States, for the further accommodation of the United
States courts, post office, local land offices, and in-
ternal revenue and pension offices, $100,000; and the
sums hereby appropriated for the construction of
public buildings shall be available immediately upon
the approval of this act; and the balances of ap-
propriations for the construction of public buildings
which may remain unexpended at the close of this
fiscal year are hereby reappropriated; and any
balance of appropriation made for the building for
post office and sub-Treasury in Boston, Massachu-
setts, is hereby authorized to be applied to the con-
structing and furnishing the necessary furniture and
outfit for the said building, and preparing the ap-
proaches thereto, and the sidewalks around the
same.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to add to
the paragraph just read, being the last of the
paragraphs in relation to the erection of pub-
lic buildings, the following:
Provided, That nopartofthe money appropriated
by this bill shall be paid to the Yaux Patent Roof-
ing Company or its assigns.
I desire to explain my purpose in offering
that amendment, and I cannot do it in any
other way so well as by reading from a report
made to the House of the last Congress by
Hon. Mr. Churchill, of New York. The com-
mittee of which he was a member made an
examination and investigation of this subject,
and, among other things, of a patent obtained
by some one in one of the Departments of the
Government here in Washington. The com-
mittee then go on to say:
" Another somewhat similar case was the sale by
the supervising architect to A. R. Shepherd of a
half interest in two patents, one for a patent roofing,
and the other for a patent anti-fieezintf pipe. These
patents had been procured by E. P. Yaux, whose
claims had been at first rejected by the Patent Office,
on the ground that they covered nothing novel ;
but afterward, with some advice and assistance from
the supervising architect, patents were obtained,
and a half interest conveyed to him in compensation
for such assistance. This half interest wae conveyed
to A.R. Shepherd in April, 1869, for §6,000, and about
three months afterward a contract was entered into
with the owners of the patent, including Shepherd,
by which they.wore to do,such work in roofing and
plumbing as the Government might assign them,
and apply these patents to such work, and to receive
in addition to the net actual cost of labor and ma-
terial fifteen per cent., and, in addition, ten cents
for each lineal foot of piping and for each square
foot ofroofing. The amount realized by the owners
of these patents, for royalty, under this contract, in
less than onetyear, was $5,615 65."
Now, I have the papers here in my hand to
show that since Mullett sold that patent to A.
R. Shepherd he has paid to Shepherd for put-
ting on public buildings this Vaux patent roof-
ing, which no man under the sun ever used on
any building of his own, $130,000. This is
the amountwhich Shepherd has received since
1869, under that patent which Mullett got
through after it had been rejected at the Patent
Office on account of want of novelty, and which
Mullett sold: to Shepherd for a consideration
of $6,000. For this roofing Mullett pays Shep-
herd a royalty of ten or twelve cents per square
loot and fifteen per cent, additional, besides
paying all the expense of putting on the
roofing.
The accounts which I have here .show that
Shepherd has been carrying materials for that
roofing from Washington, or wherever he may
