1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
101
our information derived from the papers is
correct, the discovery of Hodge's defalcation
was by himself. Oppressed by the conscious-
ness of liis wrong doing, he confessed it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend is asking
for information 
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly; I only speak
of what I read in the newspapers.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is quite otherwise
from the truth as 1 am informed. The defal-
cation was discovered by the accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury in passing upon Hodge's
vouchers; and then when it was brought to
his attention, finding that the thing was dis-
covered, he confessed it.
Mr. CASSERLY. At all events he had
gone on for a long period, some years, with-
out detection; five years, the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Blair] says, of which of course
I shall be told that two or three are charge-
able to the administration of "the greatest
criminal of this or any other age," (Andrew
Johnson,) in the phrase of our Radical friends.
Mr. RAMSEY. I wish to make an appeal
to the Senator from California if he will allow
me to do so. It is now four o'clock 
Mr. CASSERLY. Does the Senator from
Minnesota wish to speak on this subject?
Mr. RAMSEY. Not particularly now. My
object is to move an adjournment.
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall be through in a
moment. Then, sir, as to the two recent de-
faulters in the Treasury, there certainly can be
no doubt that if the information in the papers
be at all correct they were discovered by the
agency of an outside person, a banker, a Mr.
Fant. Becoming suspicious from the transac-
tions of these parties, or one of them, with his
banking-house, he very properly imparted his
suspicions to the authorities.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will my friend allow me
to interrupt him again?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Undoubtedly the bank-
ing-house to which my friend refers was aware
of the statute of the United States, as my friend
is, which makes it a felony for any person
employed in the Treasury Department to be
engaged in commercial transactions or in stock
jobbing, either in gold or the securities of the
United States. This person having stolen
money out of that which was in his custody, to
be used for this purpose, these bankers would
make themselves accessories to the crime if
they did not disclose it.
Mr. CASSERLY. That is a mere side issue,
obviously. I do not know Mr. Fant. It was
not my intention to eulogize him. If my com-
mendation of him has affronted the Senator
from Vermont, I withdraw it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Not at all. He did quite
right. He did just what the law required.
Mr. CASSERLY. I was not aware of that
statute, and I do not believe it is generally
known. Certainly, judging by what most of
us must know of the transactions of officials
under the administration of the United States,
it would be very difficult to imagine that such
a statute was in force.
Now, sir, while I have been speaking, the
names have been handed to me of several
other defaulters who are still unwhipped of
justice.
Mr. CONKLING. Who are they?
Mr. CASSERLY. I find the names of
Colonel Forbes and Colonel Calhouu, pension
agents in Philadelphia.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Colonel Forbes has been
brought to justice already.
Mr. CASSERLY. But have these parties
been punished?
Mr. EDMUNDS. They are under arrest.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from California
asks a question, and I hope he will give mean
opportunity to reply to it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator asks a question
in relation to the pension agents who have been
recently defaulters in Philadelphia, and as this
whole subject has been brought in by an illus-
tration relating to the municipal officers of
New York, I will answer that question, and
take occasion to answer it by referring to the
sister city of Philadelphia. First, in relation
to the two pension agents, their defalcations
were discovered by the examination of the
officers of the Pension Bureau themselves;
and as soon as those defalcations were discov-
ered, those pension agents were dismissed.
The investigations are in progress, and I was
informed by the head of the Pension Bureau
that it was his intention, as soon as those in-
vestigations satisfied him of whether it was
right in the case or not, to institute a prosecu-
tion. I understand that the money has been
returned in both instances to the Government.
The Government loses nothing in either case.
Now, as it was a municipal illustration that
brought this case in, and the Senator from
California seems exceedingly desirous to get
an illustration in contrast with that, let me
give him one in relation to Philadelphia.
Mr. CASSERLY. I did not start the
municipal illustration.
Mr. SCOTT. Within the last six weeks the
Republican treasurer of the city of Philadel-
phia was detected in having loaned about four
hundred thousand dollars of the funds of the
city to a banker on Third street. It was in
violation of the law of the State. The coun-
cils of the city were in Republican hands : the
district attorney of the city is a Republican,
and as a consequence of that revelation that
treasurer has within these six weeks been dis-
missed from office, tried in court, and found
guilty ; and there is an indictment also pend-
ing against the banker as an accomplice, who,
if not already tried, I suppose will also be
found guilty on the same testimony.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, I still am
right. No Senator here is able to name any
one but Hodge who has undergone the penal-
ties of the law for his defalcation. The fact
that Colonel Forbes and Colonel Calhoun have
been dismissed is certainly hardly worth men-
tioning as an adequate punishment for such an
offense. Of course they were dismissed—dis-
missed in the exercise of a power which acts
on the moment, which is extremely summary,
having no sort of analogy or comparison to the
proceedings of courts of law.
I have had handed to me other names, but
I do not wish to prolong the controversy. I
have afforded an opportunity for Senators so
disposed to name one person 
Mr. CONKLING. 1 wish the Senator would
read those names. I should like to know who
they are.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not wish to read
them. I have given Senators the opportunity
to name anybody besides Hodge who has been
punished. They have failed to do so, and the
country now can judge of the justice of the
comparison iaised by the Senator from Indi-
ana and of the high-sounding claims which we
have heard here all day, without any objection
on our part, of the superior virtue and vigor
of this Administration, not only above all pres-
ent administrations in the States, but above
all Administrations that ever existed in this
Government, not even excepting the adminis-
tration of George Washington.
Mr. WILSON. I regret very much that
thisdebate has occurred, but it is very evident
to my mind that it cannot be finished to-night.
I desire to say a few words upon it myself after
what has been said; and I therefore move that
the Senate do now adjourn. ["No!" "No!"l
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope we shall finish
this matter to-night.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Car-
penter in the chair.) The Senator from
Massachusetts moves that the Senate do now
adjourn, which is not debatable.
The motion was agreed to; there being on
a division—ayes 82, noes '20; and (at four
o'clock and five minutes p. ni.) the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, December 13, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Butler, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
internal improvements in utah, etc.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill (II. R. No. 015) grant-
ing lands to aid in the reclamation of desert
lands in the Territory of Utah ; which was
read a first and second time, referred to the
Committee on the Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, also, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 616) to
incorporate the Bear River and Cache Valley
Canal Company, and for a grant of land to aid
in the construction of a canal for irrigation
and other purposes in the Territories of Utah
and Idaho ; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, also, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H.R. No. 617) to
incorporate the Weber Riverand Kay's Creek
Canal Company, and for a grant of land to
aid in the construction of a canal for irriga-
tion and other purposes in the Territory of
Utah; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on the Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah, also, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill (H. R. No. 618)
granting lands to aid in the reclamation of
desert lands in the Territory of Utah; which
was read a first and second time, referred
to the Committee on the Public Lands, and
ordered to be printed.
territorial governors.
Mr. CONNER. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce the following resolution :
Resolved, That the President be, and he is hereby,
requested to report to this House the names of the
several Governors of the Territories of the United
States, the dates of their appointment to office, the
length of time they or any of them have been ab-
sent from their posts of duty, whether any of them
are traveling in foreigu countries at this time, and
if so, whether they draw their pay for the time of
their absence.
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. I object.-
order of business.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour now
begins; and the first business in order is the
presentation of reports from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs.
treaty oe washington.
Mr. BANKS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs to report back the
bill (II. R. No. 489) making appropriations
for expenses incurred under articles twelve to
seventeen, inclusive, of the treaty between the
United States and Great Britain, concluded at
Washington May 8, 1871. It is my purpose,
Mr. Speaker, to move that this bill be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union. I will state, however, that the
appropriation of $(52,000 which is provided for
in this hill is for the British and American
claims commission, which, since September,
has been in session under the treaty without
pay. The bill reported yesterday, and this
bill, are all that the committee will report in
the way of appropriations for the execution of
the treaty. At the suggestion of several prom-
inent members of the House, the other pro-
visions of the treaty will not be reported upon
until after the holidays, when a full opportun-
ity will be given, so far as the Committee on
Foreign Affairs is concerned, to discuss them
at length upon their merits. To-morrow, if
there be no insuperable objection, I shall ask
the House to go into the Committee of the
Whole for the purpose of considering these
two appropriation bills. I move now that this
