1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
■3685
purchase them, to Philadelphia, to Portsmouth
New Hampshire; to Windsor, Vermont; to
Detroit, Michigan; to Buffalo, New York; to
Chicago, Illinois; to Des Moines. Iowa; to
Mobile, Alabama; and in fact all over the
United States. He employs Shepherd with-
out any advertisement, without any contract
except this private contract to carry to differ-
ent parts of the United States materials for
this roofing, which no private citizen anywhere
was ever known to put upon a building. The
material and the workmen ,to put it upon our
public buildings are taken from Washington,
the car-fare being paid at the expense of the
Government to these remote places to put on
this roofing; and Shepherd receives his roy-
alty and percentage, in addition to pay for the
work. These are the same two men who are
upon the Board of Public Works in the city
of Washington. They hunt in couples. They
are the same two men who are Democrats or
Republicans by turns, their politics depending
upon the reigning dynasty.
These are the two men who worship at the
feet of power here in Washington, that they
may get their hands into the Treasury. I
know that because I am trying to pull them
away from the public crib it will be said that
I am making a personal attack. It lias come
to this that whenever you catch a man stealing
from the Treasury of the United States and
attempt to pull him away by his coat-tail, or
his heels, or his ears, the cry is raised at once,
'' Persecution! persecution! Why should you
persecute an individual in this way?" Thus
this stealing goes on, and on, a'nd on, as it
is likely to go on during the life-time of the
people engaged in it. It goes on under the
eyes of your Secretary of the Treasury. I do
not think that he really approves of the steal-
ing, but that he has so much to do, and is
such a. good, easy man that these people are
enabled in that way to pocket their unlawful
gains. Notwithstanding the report of Mr.
Churchill in the last Congress, and notwith-
standing the report of a committee in a
former Congress, condemning this method of
erecting public buildings without contract,
without inviting proposals—a practice which,
if followed by the Postmaster General in the
matter of letting contracts for carrying the
mails, would cause his impeachment.—you
allow this supervising architect to 'expend
millions upon millions of dollars. You appro-
priate money from year to year in an increas-
ing ratio; and then, to cap the climax, inas-
much as the President has kindly given this
man another office for which he cannot law-
fully draw an extra salary, you increase his
pay as supervising architect.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Mr. Chairman,
the frankest way to handle a subject you do
not understand is to say you do notunderstand
it, and I now say that I do not know anything
of the truth or falsity of the charges made by
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Fakrs-
wokth,] and hence I cannot judge of the
wisdom or unwisdom of bis remarks—'—
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I know you do not.
Mr. GARFIELD, ofOhio. I therefore 11 either
oppose or approve his criticisms. But it is an
unusualproceedingto say that in all our public
works a certain kind of roofing shall not be
used. I doubt whether this House is competent
to select a kind of roofing for our public build-
ings, and I do not think an affirmative vote on
the subject any more in the interest of virtue
than a negative vote. I do not see how we
are less virtuous than the gentleman from Illi-
nois if we vote against it. If I believed it
would be equally virtuous, or a little more so,
to vote with him, I might perhaps think best
to follow his lead in this matter. But if we
are to have this everlasting cry of " Down with
the supervising architect of .the Treasury "
resounded in our ears every time a public
building is to be erected or a roof, to ,be re-
paired, or anything in the way of a public build-
ing comes to be named in an appropriation
bill in this House, we might as well hang the
supervising architect before we proceed fur-
ther, in order that the affairs of the Govern-
ment may go forward. While the Government
is giving its confidence to the supervising archi-
tect, and raising his salary, the gentleman from
Illinois is giving a large share of his time to
the work of assailing his reputation and de-
nouncing his work. The architect could hardly
have a more spicy biographer, one more able,
one more constantly watching his opportunity
to render his subject conspicuous, than the gen-
tleman from Illinois. I believe I have now
unburdened myself of all my ignorance on this
question of roofing, and I have shed what few
rays of light within my power, so far as this
question is concerned. I am willing to risk my
reputation for virtue by voting against the
amendment. If anyone supposes their's will
be enhanced by the opposite course, they can
vote for the amendment.
Mr. FARNSWORTH rose.
The CHAIRMAN. AH further debate oil
the pending amendment is exhausted.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope We will
now have a vote.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to amend
my amendment by striking out the last word.
Now, Mr. Chairman, I am aware the gen-
tleman from Ohio does not know anything
about this subject. I wish he did. While I
am attending to the biography of this super-
vising architect of the Treasury, as he has
said, I am attending to one of my duties as a
Representative of the people, in seeing that
officers of the Government honestly discharge
their duty, and if the gentleman from Ohio
would attend less to the writing of his own
biography and pay a little more attention to
this subject, he would perhaps be better in-
formed. I know it is quite important his
biography should be written. It is a duty he
owes to posterity. Perhaps it is best he
should write it in advance; but if the gentle-
man will give a little more time to the facts,
to the subject of the expenditure of the public
money, he will perhaps agree with me there
are some things here which ought to be put a
stop to.
The moment I say anything about stealing
no one pays any attention to it. As I said a
moment ago, I am charged with making it a
specialty and all that sort of thing, and of
being the biographer of the supervising archi-
tect of the Treasury. The more attention I
give to it the more I know about it, and the
more I become satisfied some remedy ought to
be applied. We are in this very bill providing
for the erection of more public buildings than
in anysession before since I have been in Con-
gress. I think Congress has already passed
more bills to commence public buildings than
I ever knew in any one session of Congress.
We appropriate millions of dollars in the most
reckless way for the erection of public build-
ings all over the country. I am opposed to
this loose way of spending the people's money
on public buildings. I regard myself here as
the trustee for the people's money, and I will
not vote for the erection of a public building
where I do not believe it is necessary. I will
not vote in this loose manner without adver-
tisement, without a bidder, without a contract,
with nothing but an arrangement between one
man and another man, "You go on and do the
work, and when you have done it I will see that
you ar.e paid." ,
You must regulate the matter by advertise-
ment, else there is no sort of responsibility.
Unless you do this, there will be no limit to
the amount of money that will be expended,
except as it is limited by the conscience of the
man or the extent of his ambition to become
rich. I have asked from session to session
and from week to week that there may be some
rule in regard to this matter. I have shown
that these men are in the interest of people in
Washington, who get together and have their
friends appointed to office under the Board of
Public Works, and who run up and down the
United States tearing off roofs that they may
put on this patent roof, taking out gas fixtures
that they may put in new gas fixtures sent
from this shop in Washington. I ask that this
may be stopped, that there may be some re-
sponsibility, some rule, some economy in this
direction. The gentleman from Ohio may say
that in doing this I am actuated by personal
spite, or anything else he chooses to allege.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have not said
«o.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Ido not suppose that
what I am saying will do- any good. If this
man wants to have a public building erected
in any one of your towns, no matter where it
is, I expect he will be, as lie has heretofore
been, able to procure a majority of the votes
of this House to put up a building anywhere
and at any price. - -
Mr. HOAR. I have heard this speech of
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] repeated, I think, every year since I
have been here, and it seems to me to be of
importance enough to be dealt with. The
gentleman from Illinois brings up these charges
against this public officer at a time when no
member of the House can possibly know any-
thing about the truth of the matter, when we
are legislating, not dealing with individuals,
when we have no opportunity for investigating
the charges, and cau do nothing to test the
gentleman's statements.
Now, whether these charges are true, whether
they are the result of a personal quarrel
with somebody, whether they are exaggerated,
whether they are mistaken, no man does know,
and no man possibly can know. But the duty
of the gentleman from Illinois as a citizen and
as a Representative of the people is plain.
Tbis is a question in regard to the conduct of
a subordinate officer in the executive depart-
mentofthis Government. And if the gentleman
has the proof which will sustain these charges
his duty is to take that proof to the official
superior of that officer, and if that officer's
superior fails to remove him upon proof of his
statements, he will render himself liable to
impeachment. And if that official superior
fails to remove him on proof of such statements,
and the proof is thereupon carried to the Presi-
dent of the United States, he would be liable
to impeachment if he failed to act upon such
proof, and to redress the wrong.
Now, the fact that the gentleman from Illinois
has rung these charges for five years in the
wrong place, and never carries his charges to
the right place, would seem to indicate very
strongly to ordinary minds that charges made
in the right place would not be sustained.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] will
withdraw his amendment for the purpose of
enabling me to say a few words, I will renew it.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I renew it.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] and I have served together in Con-
gress too long to indulge in any personal con-
troversy. We will not do so now. The question
of biography to which the gentleman alluded
is of no consequence to anybody in the world.
I do not choose to notice anything he said on
that subject, for I do not know what he means
by it. But I will say that I have not got into
such a condition of mind that the longer I
look at any public work the more rotten it
appears. I have not had occasion to "say, nor
do I believe that the conduct of our public
officers is so far gone toward the bottom of
the pit that they are growing more rotten
every day, and that my looking at them makes
them more rotten. I cannot take that view
of the matter so long as I retain my self-
respect.
The gentleman talks as though these public
buildings we are providing for were to be put
