1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1898
here from abroad So with the shoes that he
wears; so with every article of iron, the most
important of all the metals which is used
throughout the country. The ax that the
laboring man uses is 'increased ill value by
reason of the tariff imposed upon it, at least
twenty five per cent. But a great many of
the axes are made in this country; and does
any ot that additional price put upon'the poor
man go into your Treasury to pay the debt
of the country? Not a cent of it. Now we
are proposing here to take the tax entirely
off those articles which are not produced in
this country. That is an even tax.
All the additional price that is put upon tea
and coffee by reason of the tariff goes into
your Treasury. Of the increased price that is
put upon the ax, and the plow, and the hoe,
and the shoe, and the blanket, and the woolen
cloth that the poor man wears, not one half
goes into your Treasury the other half goes
to the manufacturers. And are the t,axes of
this country to be laid upon such a principle
as this, to tax the great, producing interests of
this country, the hundreds of thousands of
laborers engaged in the farming interests of
this country ? Is the farmer to be taxed on
his plow and everything else that he uses at the
rate of twenty-five or thirty per cent, and not
one half the amount of the tax be pays to go into
the Treasury of the country, but the greater
portion of it to go to the manufacturer? If
that is the policy, if that is the principle of
taxation, then strike out the second sec-
tion.
I hope the second section will not be stricken
out. I voted against making tea and coffee
free, not because I would not reduce the price
of tea and coffee ; but I did not want, when I
was reducing the price of tea and coffee to the
poor man, to put a double burden on him by
increasing twofold the cost of the other neces-
saries of life. The blanket to protect his
children from the cold is as necessary as the
tea or the coffee, and so with nearly every ar-
ticle contained in section two. They are the
very articles, above all others, that, should be
furnished cheaply to the people. What are
they? Cotton cloth, woolen articles, iron,
steel, and other manufactures, earthenware,
glass, and glassware. Why, sir, every family
must have earthenware, must have crockery,
and every family must have leather, must have
shoes; and yet if you strike out this second
section you retain the high duties on these ar-
ticles, higher as the Senator from Ohio tells
you than were ever imposed in this country
before the war, and perhaps higher than ever
were imposed in any country before.
I trust that we shall not strike out this sec-
ond section, and I do not share the apprehen-
sion that the country is going to be deprived
of its revenues, and I have no sort of sym-
pathy with the idea advanced by the Senator
from Ohio that we should keep $100,000,000
idle in our Treasury.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Is it idle?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is. It has lain there
perfectly dead and useless, at an expense to
the tax-paying people of this country of not less
that $25,000,000—utterly useless, worse than
useless. The expenses of this Government
instead of being $300,000,000 a year ought not
to-day to be $225,000,000. And why are thev
so great ? It is because of this vast amount ot
money in your Treasury. Does not the history
of the world teach you, does not everybody
know that if you have your Treasury filled with
money you will make extravagant expendi-
tures? Is not thai true of individuals? Do
we not all economize and do not Governments
economize when they find a difficulty in rais-
ing the money to meet the obligations which
they desire to create? Why, sir, do you be-
lieve wc should be voting the millions and
millions that we are voting out of the Treasury
of the United States every year, to improve
rivers and harbors and make-various improve-
ments through the country, at points, fre-
quently, that perhaps not one Senator in five
has ever heard of, if we had no surplus in the
Treasury? I myself have known of appropri-
ations made here for the improvement of har-
bors that I never heard of till I heard the name
in some bill asking for the appropriation.
Would such appropriations be made if your
Treasury was kept more nearly bare, if there
was less money in it? For what purpose is
this one hundred million letainedin the Treas-
ury? The Senator from Ohio says as a bal-
ance* wheel, as a safety. Why, Mr. President,
if the Senator from Ohio had turned his atten-
tion at the close of the war, being at the head
of the Finance Committee as he was, to some
measure to bring about in this country specie
payments 
Mr. EDMUNDS. How are you going to
pay specie unless you have it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Not by hoarding up
$100,000,000 in your Treasury. That is no
way to come to specie payments.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What is the way ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. There are various ways.
One way would be to receive a third of your
duties in greenbacks. You must get rid of
the legal tenders if you are ever going to have
specie payments. 'You can never have specie
payments while you have floating through the
country $350,000,000 of promises to pay which
are not paid, and which are not worth their
face. And does this $100,000,000 in the Treas-
ury get, rid of them ? Has it ever redeemed
one of them, and will it, upon the policy you
are pursuing? Why not receive one third or
one fourth of the duties in the legal-tender
currency, and destroy it as it comes into the
Treasury of the United States, and let us get
fid of the legal-tender currency, supplying its
place with a bill that must be made convert-
ible into specie on demand?
Mr. EDMUNDS. These are now, if we
would only do it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then the Government
does not fulfill its promise.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We have not money
enough. We need more gold to do it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Does the Senator from
Vermont mean by that that he is in favor of
hoarding up $250,000,000 more of gold in the
Treasury for the purpose of being able to
meet these bills on demand ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, Mr. President; but
I mean that I am in favor of accumulating
enough, so that, like any private individual,
we can say that on a given day we are ready
to pay, and have enough to stand the run and
something left over. That is what I mean.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not for hoarding
any such amount of money in the Treasury,
and I believe it to be dangerous to the liber-
ties of the country to do it.
Mr. EDMUNDS.. Then you are not for
specie payment-
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; I am for
coming to specie payments by getting rid of
this greenback currency, which is made a legal
tender for debts and yet is not_ convertible.
That is the way to come to -sfiecie payments.
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator from
Illinois allow me to interrupt him for a mo-
ment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. CAMERON. When 1 gave way a little
while ago, I thought we were going to finish
this bill to-night, I find now that my good
friend from Illinois is going over this old
question; is making about the same speech,
not in the same words, for he is doing it a
great deal more gracefully, but I think 1 have
heard it five hundred times. [Laughter.]
He does it a great deal better than anybody
else, 1 admit, but I am sure he is about bring-
ing np the whole question of the tariff. I hat
is a subject on which I can talk, and if we are
to go over this whole matter it will take us a
week longer. Therefore 1 would like now to
make my motion that we proceed to tbe con-
sideration of executive business.
Tbe PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ajt-
thony in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Illinois yield?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
""■Mr. CAMERON. I am very sorry for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 'am much charmed
with the Senator's speech. I have never
heard him make amotion to go into executive
session before. [Laughter.] It is novel with
him, and he has made it gracefully, and it
was handsomely done. [Laughter.] It being
novel and new with him, I was so pleased with
it that I think I shall continue my remarks for
a few minutes longer in order to enable him
to repeat that speech of his after a little, that
I may get to learn it. [Laughter.] But
seriously 
Mr. CAMERON. Will the Senator allow
me a word ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought it would
sound better after a little, we have heard it
so recently now. [Laughter.]
Mr. CAMERON. You are very kind.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am willing to hear it
again.
Mr. CAMERON. The Senator need not
be abashed at my compliment to him. He
deserved it certainly, and I was glad of the
opportunity to pay it to him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was not my intention
to occupy any considerable portion of the time
of the Senate. I had not purposed saying
anything upon this question at all; but when
I saw this effort to keep up the tariff at the
highest point upon these necessaries of life, to
the great injury of the laboring interests of
this country and the great mass of our peo-
ple, I felt as if I ought to call the attention
of the Senate for a moment to the effect of
striking out this second section. If there is
-any section in the bill that ought to be retained,
embracing articles of common use and of
necessity, and in which the poor people are
interested, it is this second section. I hope
it will not be stricken out.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President, I wag
not aware that we had the Cincinnati con-
vention on this floor, but T am very gl'ad now
to know that it is here. It has been rather an
uncertain affair. No one has been able quite
to trace it until now. We now know where it
is; it is now here present, and I am very
happy to meet it.
The Senator from Illinois has stated to us
that every farmer was taxed upon his ax, his
shovel, his hoe, his plow, and his sewing-
machine twenty-five per cent. Did not that
Senator know that we supply the whole world
with axes, hoes, plows, and sewing machines?
Did he not know—if be did not he ought not
to allude to the subject—that you cannot find
a spot on earth where you will not find Amer-
ican axes, American hoes, American shovels,
and every single article almost to which he
htis alluded, because they arc better and
cheaper for tbe money than any others man-
ufactured on earth?
Mr. IlICE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ak-
tiiony in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Michigan yield the floor to the Senator from.
Alkansas?
Mr. CHANDLER. For what purpose?
Mr. RICE. I wish to make a motion that
when the Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to
meet on Monday next.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope not.
Mr. CHANDLER. I yield for that motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not in order now.
I think wc had better finish this bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to receive the motion of
the Senator from Arkansas, unless the pending
bill be laid on the table or otherwise disposed
of. The Senator from Ohio objectsHo giving
unanimous consent.
Mr. RICE. Then I move to lay the pena-
iiiir bill on the table fpr that purpose.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
