1894
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
is on the motion of the Senator from Arkansas,
that the tariff bill do lie on the table.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope we
shall not receive "this motion until we have
disposed of this bill to-night. Then we can
perhaps receive the motion with more favor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that tbe bill do lie on the table. The motion
is not debatable.
The question being put, there were on a
division—ayes 22, noes 20.
Mr. CONKLING. I call for tho yeas and
nays.
Ihe yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CAMERON. I had forgotten that I
was paired with the Senator from Delaware,
[Mr. Bayard ] I regret thathaving'forgotten
that 1 have voted several times.
Mr. CONKLING. Paired on the question
of laying on the table?
Mr. CAMERON. Paired on this tariff bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays 24; as follows:
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Boreman, Chandler,
Clayton. Cragin, Ferry of Michigan, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock,
Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly, Logan. Norwood, Ram-
sey, Rice, Robertson. Saulsbury, Schurz, Stevenson,
Sumner, Trumbull, Vickers, and Windom—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Amos, Anthony, Buckingham,
Caldwell, Cole, Conlding, Corbett, Edmunds, I?re-
hnghuysen, Hnmhn, Morrill of Vermont, Morton,
Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pomeroy, Pratt, Sawyer,
beott^bherman, Stewart, West, and Wright—24.
ABSIiNT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Cameron,
Carpenter, Casserly, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of
Wfisfr \ iroinin Pftnton n t- *CMnn
jyiorriu ot Maine, rool, Spencer, bj
Thurman, Tipton, and Wilson—22.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The tariff
bill is laid on the table.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. RICE, I now move that when the Sen:
ate adjourns to day it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were ordered j and being
taken, resulted—yeas 28, nays 25 j as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Blair, Borema.n, Chand-
ler, Clayton, Cragin, Ferry of Michigan, Gold-
thwaite, Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Hill, Hitch-
cook, Johnston, Kellogg, Kelly, Logan, Norwood,
Ivamsey, Rice, Robertson, Saulsbury, Schurz, Ste-
venson, Sumner, Trumbull. Vickers, West, and
Windom—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Buckingham,
Caldwell,Cameron, Cole, Conkhng, Cooper, Corbett,
Edmunds, Iienton, Frejinghuysen, Hamlin, Morrill
of Vermont, Morton, Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pom-
eroy, Iratt, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Stewart, and
Wright,—25.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Carpenter,
Casserly, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West Virginia,
lerry of Connecticut, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamil-
ton of Texas, Howe, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Pool,
?J?£ncer  Sprague, Stockton, Thurman, Tipton, and
Wilson—20.
So the motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE EROM THifi HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Clinton Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had passed the bill
(S. No. 792) in addition to an act entitled
" An act to amend an act entitled ' An act for
the removal of causes in certain cases from
State courts,' approved July 27, 1866,"
approved March 2, 18G7, with an amendment,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message also announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bil! (H. R. No. 2047) for the exchange
and transfer of the two small parcels of
land in the city of St. Louis, Missouri;
A bill (H. R. No. 2052) to authorize the
advancement of Chief Engineer John W.
Moore on the list of chief engineers in the
Navy;
A_ bill (H. R. No. 2053) authorizing the
nomination and appointment to the retired
list of the Navy of certain volunteers on the
active list ot the Navy who are disabled in
consequence of wounds received during the
late war; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2055) for the relief of H.
C. Christopher, G. W. Beard, C. A. Uber,
Edward Stiles, and N. H. Lamdin.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bill (H. R. No. 895) granting a pension to
Hannah Gray; and it was thereupon signed
by the Vice President.
HOUSE BILL KEFEKKED.
The bill (H. R. No. 2047) for the exchange
and transfer of the two small parcels of land
in the city of St. Louis, Missouri, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
tariff bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the Senate
resume the consideration of the tariff bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H.'R. No. 173) to
repeal the duties on salt, the pending question
being on the amendment of Mr. Morkill, of
Vermont, to the amendment reported by the
Committee on Finance as a substitute for the
bill, being to strike out the second section of
the amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I believe I am entitled
to the floor.
Tbe VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan is entitled to the floor on the
tariff bill, he having yielded to the motion to
lie on the table.
Mr._ NYE. If the Senator from Michigan
will give way, I move that the Senate proceed
to tbe consideration of executive business.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will yield for that
motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think wecanget through
with this bill to-night.
Ihe VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Senator
from Nevada insist on his motion?
Mr. NYE. No, sir; I withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Nevada having withdrawn his motion,
the Senator from Michigan is entitled to the
floor, and will proceed with his remarks.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I ask the
Senator to give me the floor for a few minutes.
Mr. CHANDLER. I yield to the Senator
from Vermont.
Mr.^ MORRILL, of Vermont. Mr. Presi-
dent, it is a little remarkable that the Senator
from Illinois both at the last session and at
this has been the most earnest man " in season
and out of season" pressing the House bill
for the repeal of the duties on tea and coffee,
and yet at the very tirst opportunity that he
has here he votes against.it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator, I suppose,
does not mean to misstate me. Does he mean
to say that I have ever advocated the repeal of
the duties on tea arid coffee?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I mean to
say precisely what I did say, that here was a
bill from the House of Representatives pro-
posing the repeal of the duties on tea and
coffee, and that the Senator from Illinois was
the most frequent Senator in trying to get the
action of the Senate upon it; and yet the very
first moment that he had an opportunity to
vote upon the question he voted against it.
Mr. IRUMBULL. I wish to say to the
Senator from Vermont, by his permission, that
he is mistaken. I never tried on any occasion
to get a vote of the Senate upon the bill to re-
peal the duties on tea and coffee. The Senator
is mistaken.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It maybe so.
Mr. CRAOrlN. It was the coal and salt
duties that the Senator from Illinois wished to
have repealed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. Then I with-
draw the charge. [Laughter.] I had supposed
the Senator was always calling up the tea and
coffee bill. He has certainly frequently alluded
to it in his talk on the subject, and I supposed
that some new light had dawned upon him.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was a mistake on the
Senator's part.
Mr. MOKIilLL, of Vermont. I am very
happy to withdraw it if I have made any mis-
take. The Senator also alluded to the tax
upon axes and plows. Why, sir, there is not
a man living that would take an English ax
or an English plow as a gift.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to say one word?
Mr-. MORRILL, of Vermont. Certainly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The duty imposed by
this second section is on ail iron and steel,
and the price of the ax and of the plow in
Illinois is increased in consequence of the in-
creased price of the iron and steel out of
which they are made. That is where the bur-
den comes upon the. poor people, because the
ax would be cheaper.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. An ax takes
about four pounds of iron. A cent or a cent
and a quarter a pound duty would increase'
it four or five cents.
But, Mr. President, I fear that the Senator
is apprehensive that there may be too much
money iu the Treasury. I beg leave to assure
him that if he shall have the charge of that
money I shall have entire faith in leaving
$100,000,000 in the Treasury for his admin-
istration.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President  
Mr. RICE. I move that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan yields to the Senator from
Arkansas, who moves that the Senate do now
adjourn.
The question being put, there were on a,
division—ayes 29. noes 17.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken resulted—yeas 27, nays 20 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bin ir, Boreman, Chandler,
Clayron, Cooper, Ferry of Michigan, Goldthwaite,
Hamilton of Maryland, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock,
Johnston Kelly, Logan. Norwood, Osborn, Pratt,
Rice, Robertson, Snulsbury, Schurz, Stevenson,
liumbull, Vickers, West, and Windom—'Si.
NAYS—-Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Caldwell, Cole.
Conkhng, Corbett, Edmunds, Fenfon, FreHnghtiy-
sen, Hamlin, Morrill of Vermont, Morton, Nye. Pat-
teraon, Pomeroy, Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Stewart,
and Wnght—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Bayard, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cameron, Carpenter. Casserly, Cragin, Davis
ot Kentucky. Davis of West Virginia, Ferry of
Connecticut, Flanagan, Gilbert, Hamilton of Texas,
Howe, Kellogg, Lewis, Morrill of Maine, Pool, Ram-
ki>eaeer, 8prague, Stockton, Sumner, Thurman,
lipton, and Wilson—26.
So the motion was agreed to ; and (at five
o'clock and twenty-six minutes p. m.) the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 22, 1872.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bctleu, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PAY or CONTESTANT JOIIX OESSNA.
^ Mr. McCRARY. I am directed by the
Committee of Elections to report the reso-
lution I send to the Cleik's desk, and to
recommend its adoption.
Ihe Clerk read us follows;
Whereas Hon. John Cessna has prosecuted his
dht'not nf P* 1,lithis- H?use from tho ^tcenth
t?r PsH^yivania in good faith and with
reasonable cause; iheretore,
liesylved, That the Clerk of the House, be in-
t Sm fSif said John Ccs-Mm, out of the con-
sinfp hoin? , ¥ou?c-the sum of $4,480, the
same being his actual, reasonable Md nccwsirv
expenses in prosecuting hk said contest. n°l'eSSary
Mr. McCRARY. I desire to make a very
brief statement to tho House m support of this
resolution. It will be remembered by many
members of this House that during the lust
