1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2791
closing portion of the letter to Mr. Colfax,
which still farther shows that this subject has
been with the Administration one of earnest
consideration:
The remark that other Governments are more
solicitous than that of the United States to protect
their citizens abroad is not supported by any facts
relating to the present troubles in Cuba, and might
be disproved by abundant evidence to be found in
the published archives and correspondence, and in
the debates of the pubiic assemblies of different
nations.
The United States Government is generally men-
tioned as the most exacting in this respect of any
in the world, and nothing whatever has been done
by the present Administration to change its charac-
ter in this regard. No other Power has been more
successful than ourselves in dealing with the
authorities of the island of Cuba. It is, however,
a very common thing for people of any nationality,
in moments of disappointment and excitement, to
imagine that if their nationality were different
their cases would receive more careful attention.
You may be sure, Mr. Vice President, that the
painful case of Dr. Houard, and all similar cases,
wiil continue to leoeive the moot careful consider-
ation by this Government, and should it be in the
power of any of your correspondents to furnish in-
formation that will strengthen the hands of the
Government in the premises, such information will
be most gratefully received.
I have the honor, &c.,
HAMILTON FISH.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Vice President of the United States.
1 had intended to vote for the resolution
with a view to giving the Administration the
moral support of the House in its efforts for
the release of this man, but its proper meaning
and effect having been tortured into a censure
of the Administration, I shall vote against it,
and 1 shall do so in the confident belief. based
on what has already been done, that the Ad-
ministration will not cease its efforts in behalf
of this victim of Spanish cruelty.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move now to amend
the resolution by adding to it that of which I
guve notice on yesterday, and which I ask the
Cierk to read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Unless it shall be made to appear, upon investi-
gation, to the satisfaction of the executive depart-
ment, that said Houard had been held for and duly
convicted of an offense committed by him within
the jurisdiction of Spain, and has been prosecuted
therefor under the authority of law and according
to the regular course of proceedings usual in like
cases, and that the privileges secured to citizens of
the United States by the seventh article ot the
treaty of the United States with Spain, dated 27th
October, 1795, were neither denied nor disregarded
on his trial.
Mr. BANKS. I d esire to move to amend
the amendment., by striking out all after the
word "unless," and inserting in lieu thereof
tlie following :
It shall be established to the satisfaction of the
President that from any cause the said Houard has
forfeited his rights to protection by the Government
of the United States, or taken the oath of allegiance
to the Government of Spain.
Mr. BINGHAM. The amendment which I
have offered does not change the language of
the resolution as it was reported irom the
Committee on Foreign Affairs; it leaves the
text of that resolution untouched. The House
will notice that the amendment moved by me
is simply additional to the resolution as re-
ported, and is intended to bring the true intent
and meaning of the resolution before the two
narions, and to put upon record expressly what
I am constrained to suppose was implied in the
text of the resolution ; that it was the purpose
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs to ask
this House to simply declare that in its judg-
ment the treaty of 1795 between the United
States and Spain should be sacredly observed
by both the contracting parties, in the interest
alike of each nation and of the citizens of
each.
The amendment now offered by the honor-
able chairman of the Committee on Foreign
Affairs departs, as I understand by its read-
ing, from the original text of his resolution.
It is outside of.and a departure from the terms
of the treaty. The words quoted in the amend-
ment which I offer are found in the seventh
article of the treaty, which provides for a trial
according to law, and according to the usages
in such cases in Spain. But now the gentle-
man from Massachusetts comes and offers by
way of amendment these words, that are foreign
entirely to the terms of the treaty: " unless it
shall be established to the satisfaction of the
President, that from any cause the said Houard
has forfeited his right to protection by the
Government of the United States, or taken the
oath of allegiance to the Governmentof Spam."
Mr. BANKS. Let me say one word.
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentlemau must ex-
cuse me, my time is limited, and the gentle-
man will have his hour. I respect equally
with any other man on this floor'the rights of
American citizens, natural born and natural-
ized, but. I respect as well the honor of the
nation, as pledged by solemn treaty obligation.
The agreement between Spain and the United
States, according to the terms of the treaty,
Operates to change what would otherwise be
the right (acknowledged and declared by our-
selves) of Spain on the one side aad of the
United States on the other. It has been the
common law of England, accepted by our-
selves, and upon which there is no room for
dispute at this day among intelligent Ameri-
cans or intelligent Englishmen, that whoever
(whether a citizen or alien) shall within the
territorial jurisdiction of either country com-
mit an offense against its laws shall be answer-
able to the local tribunals of the country
against which he offends, subject to no limita-
tion except the rule prescribed by the general
law of the country, unless the same shall be
modified or restricted by convention or treaty
stipulation.
But, sir, by a treaty provision we say to
Spain that in the words thereof she shall take
care if any citizen of the United States within
her jurisdiction shall be held to answer for
any offense against her laws that he shall only
be tried and prosecuted for such offense "by
order and authority of law, and according to
the regular course of proceedings usual in
such cases that there shall be no extraor-
dinary departure from that which is observed
in like cases against subjects of Spain.
The treaty further provides—•
" The citizens and subjects of both parties shall be
allowed to employ such advocates, solicitors, nota-
ries, agents, and factors, as they may judge proper,
in all their affairs, and in all their trials at law in
which they may be concerned before the tribunals
of the other party ; and such agents shall have free
access to be present at the proceedings in such
causes, and at the taking of all examinations and
evidence which may be exhibited in_ the said
trials."—Treaty with Spain, Statutes-at-ij&rge, vol.
8, page 142.
That is the language of the seventh article
of the treaty of 1795 with Spain.
The amendment which I have offered cov-
ers by express words copied from the seventh
article of the treaty every provision embraced
in that stipulation. Why, then, do gentlemen
seek to amend or alter it? Do they propose
that, this House shall, by direction or indirec-
tion, vote down the amendment which I offer,
which declares in substance that the executive
department shall see to it that the provision
of the seventh article of the treaty of October
7, 1795, shall be faithfully observed and car-
ried out. Has this House any right, express
or implied, to disregard a treaty obligation—a
treaty the validity of which has not been ques-
tioned from the day of its date in October, 1795,
to this hour by any department of the Govern-
ment—a treaty standing upon the express pro-
visions of which alone we have the right to
inquire into the mode of judicial procedure
in any case by the Spanish authorities? But
for that provision I deny that yon have the
right to inquire whether that proceeding was
in any respect a departure from what was the
usual and ordinary mode of procedure here-
tofore observed in like cases against offenders
of the Spanish law within Spanish jurisdic-
tion. I stand upon the treaty, and standing
upon it, I ask simply that the rights of the citi-
zen on the one hand and the rights of the
nation on the other shall be respected by Spain.
This is what was contemplated by the original
resolution, as I propose to prove.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. RANDALL. Does not the gentleman,
upon the information furnished by the State De-
partment to this House, recognize Dr. Houard
as an American citizen?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly I do, and the
amendment I offer does not deny that aver-
ment in the original resolution. If he is
not a citizen of the United States, we have
nothing to do with this inquiry, nothing in the
world to do with it.
Mr. RANDALL. The reason I ask the
question is that an attempt has been made
here by technicalities of law and by innuendo
to declare the contrary of that fact.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I speak very
hurriedly, and shall take these points up in
order. Now, having made these genera! dec-
larations, I frankly state to the House that I
desire that the resolution as proposed may be
amended in order that it may receive the united
vote of this House. One of my purposes in
offering the amendment is so to frame it in
the words and spirit of the treaty of 1795 as
to enable every member on this floor consci-
entiously to give it his vote.
The resolution as originally reported from
the Committee on" Foreign Affairs resolves
that "in the judgment of this House the said
John Emiiio Houard was and is a citizen of
the United States by birth and continued and
uninterrupted choice, and as such is entitled to
all and every protection of this Government."
If that had been all I would not have offered
any amendment, but these wordsfollow: " and
in the opinion of this House the President
should promptly demand his unconditional
release and the restoration of his property,
which has been confiscated to the use of the
Spanish Government."
The last clause, sir, depends eutirely on the
question whether in the first place he has been
guilty, being a citizen of the United States, of
an offense against Spain, committed within
her jurisdiction; and whether, in the next
place, being so guilty, he has been condemned
in accordance with the requirements of the
seventh article of the treaty of 1795.
Mr. RANDALL. Will the gentleman from
Ohio let me ask him another question ?
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman will
only let me go on I will answer all his ques-
tions. As to the question of citizenship I am
willing to resolve all doufits in favor of a citi-
zen of the United States. That Dr. Houard is
a natural-born citizen of the United States
there is not room for the shadow of a doubt.
He was horn of naturalized parents within the
jurisdiction of the United States, and by the
express words of the Constitution, as amended
to-day, he is declared to all the world to be a
citizen' of the United States by birth.
Mr. Speaker, the next point in issue is as to
expatriation. Expatriation is one of the im-
prescriptible rights of men. To assert it the
American Government waged war against
Great Britain, in what is known in our history
as the "second war for independence," for
three years. The right of expatriation is one
of the fundamental principles of American
government.
What does it mean, sir? Does it mean the
mere leaving the territorial limits of the Uni-
ted States? Everyone who has reflected on
the subject knows belter. It means the vol-
untary severance or renunciation of that alle-
giance which the native-born r,r adopted cit-
izen owes to this country. Mr Speaker, I have
heard loose, heedless expressions on this sub-
ject which 1 would rather not have heard
uttered. I deny that an American citizen, I
deny that a citizen of the United States in
fact or by necessary implication, severs or re-
nounces his allegiance to this country or expa-
triates himself if he goes to the remotest ends
