1872.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
999
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. It could be
settled before the House goes into Committee
of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. No such arrangement as
tliat can be made by the House except by
unanimous consent.
The question was then taken upon the mo-
tion to limit in Committee of the Whole all
general debate on the naval appropriation bill
to two and a half hours, and it was agreed to.
Pending the motion to go into Committee
of the Whole,
post office appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, asked and ob-
tained unanimous consent to have taken from
the Speaker's table and referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations the amendments of
the Senate to House bill No. 025, making
appropriations to supply a deficiency in the
appropriation for salaries and contingent ex-
penses of the Post Office Department for the
current fiscal year.
pension appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, also asked and
obtained unanimous consent to have taken
from the Speaker's table and referred to the
Committee on Appropriations the amendments
of the Senate to House bill No. 1071, making
appropriations for the payment of invalid and
other pensions of the United States for the
year ending June 30, 1873.
appointment on indian committee.
The SPEAKER announced that the vacancy
on the Committee on Indian Affairs, causedby
the unseating of Mr. Edwards, late a sitting
member from the State of Arkansas, will be
filled by the appointment of Mr. Boles, the
successful contestant in that case.
natal appropriation bill.
The question recurred upon the motion of
Mr. Hale, that the rules be suspended and the
House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole for the consideration of the special
order.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Blaik, of Michigan, in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of the special
order, being House bill No. 1191, making
appropriations for the naval service for the
year ending June 30, 1873, and for other pur-
poses.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all general debate upon this bill is limited to
two and a half hours.
Mr. HALE. I ask that the first formal
reading of this bill be dispensed with.
No objection was made.
Mr. HALE. I did not propose, Mr. Chair-
man, t,o occupy the time of this Committee of
the Whole upon this bill, but to allow it to
proceed without general debate as other appro-
priation bills have proceeded. But 1 was
notified by gentlemen on the other side very
courteously that a desire existed there for gen-
eral discussion; that an attack (I do not use
the word in any offensive sense) was proposed
upon this bill, or upon the expenditures in-
volved in this bill. That, it seemed to me,
obliged me to make an opening statementwith
reference to this bill, which by a vote of the
Committee on Appropriations is placed under
my charge, and I ask the indulgence of the
Committee of the Whole while I make that
statement.
In the first place, it is of importance to Con-
gress to see what is in the naval appropriation
bill of this year, as compared with the naval
appropriation bill of last year. A reduction
of expenditures in the several Departments of
the Government is what is demanded by the
people, and is what is undoubtedly demanded
by a majority of this House. Such a reduc-
tion of expenditures in any Department is of
little account if it is merely spasmodic. The
fact that in any single year a Department or a
bureau of the Government spends less money
than it spent in some previous year is of little
account unless it is shown that, starting from
the time of highest expenditure, the money
needed for running the particular Department
in question has been lessened each succeeding
year. If such is the fact, then there is a guar-
antee afforded to the tax- payers that the rule
of economy has set in; that it is not spasmodic
but continuous ; that it has been established
as a rule in the past, and may be regarded as
a guarantee for the future. The reduction
must be regular year by year.
Now, what is the fact as to the expenditures
of the Navy Department from year to year.
The present bill, Mr. Chairman, provides for
an aggregate appropriation of $17,943,347 ; in
round numbers, $18,000,000. The appropria-
tions for the year ending June 30, 1872, as
given by Congress for the needs of the Depart-
ment, were $19,784,717, showing that the Navy
Department proposes to run its machinery as
a distinct part ot the Government for the next
fiscal year for about eighteen hundred thou-
sand dollars less than was appropriated by Con-
gress for the present fiscal year, which ends
June 30, 1872. So much, then, according to
the showing of the appropriations for the two
years, is saved. So much less money is to be
taken from the tax-payers for the next fiscal
year than was taken for the present fiscal year.
Now I wish to say—and it is a matter of
perhaps more importance than at first view
may strike members who have not investigated
the workings of different Departments—that
the appropriations embraced in this bill are
believed by the Committee on Appropriations
to be ample to cover the real expenditures for
the year ending June 30, 1873, unless there
should be some extraordinary demand upon
the Government which is not now in the view
of the committee. It is believed, and I state
it with confidence to the House as the organ
of the Committee on Appropriations, that the
sum now proposed to be appropriated will
cover the real expenditure of the Navy Depart-
ment. No deficiency is expected. The Com-
mittee on Appropriations believe that in the
next Congress no appropriation for deficiency
will be called for by the Navy Department to
make up for meager appropriations in this
Congress. This, I say, is an important mat-
ter, because the Committee on Appropriations
finds, if no one else finds, how difficult it is to
hold the Departments to the limits laid out
in the appropriations by Congress. It is not
unfrequently the case that atter a matter is
fully discussed, and Congress decides that a
certain amount of money shall suffice for a
Department or bureau, more money is ex-
pended, and at the end of the year a deficiency
is brought in for which an appropriation njust
be made, because the services have been ren-
dered.
Now, I state to the House, and I state it in
candor and sincerity, that the amount proposed
to be appropriated m this bill will, it is be-
lieved, cover every dollar of expense of the
Department for the coming year. There will
be no deficiency. In the campaign which is
about to ensue no man in making up before
the people the figures of the expenditures of
the several Departments need have any hesi-
tation, I think, in taking as his basis of cal-
culation the appropriations of the present year
as applied to this Department. The history
of the past shows that this may be depended
on. The deficiency of the entire Navy Depart-
ment for the present year is the paltry sum of
$3,718 07. The Department was allowed so
much money last year, it obeyed the mandates
of Congress in that regard. It spent the money
that was given to it; and the overplus of
expenditure for the entire year, according to
the estimates for a deficiency, is only $3,718 07.
With this guarantee afforded by the past I may
well claim with confidence that Congress may
depend on the amounts given in this appro-
priation as not being fallacious and deceptive.
But this $18,000,000 is a large sum ; it is a
great deal of money. My friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Morgan,] who, I believe, is to follow me, may
claim that this is a very large sum, that it is
many times larger than the annual expendi-
tures for this Department before the war. I
think there may be an impression in the minds
of many members that the amount of the naval
appropriation bill should be much less than
$18,000,000; and without looking into the
figures many gentlemen here may believe that
we got along with a half or a third or a quarter
of this sum before the war.
Let us see how this is following the line of
comparison which it seems was ingenuously
suggested by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Garfield,] the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, the other day ; for it does not
seem to be a fair rule of comparison to take
the expenditures of any Department of the
Government for any particular period since
the war and compare them with expenditures
made under the extraordinary needs and emer-
gencies during the war. Let us see what were
the expenditures in the Navy Department for
the years preceding the breaking out of the war
in 1861. I have taken from the books of the
Navy Department a statement of the expendi-
tures for the Navy from the year 1855 to 1861.
Let us see what, they are. Here is the table:
185 5 $14,518,833 16
185 6  15,97-4,254 31
1857   14,480,431 30
185 8  15,689,103 53
1859   15,347,656 79
1800  14,077.644 62
1861  14,856,861 71
Mr. MORGAN. Will the gentleman from
Maine let me have that, statement lor the pur-
pose of examining it'/
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Now, Mr. Chairman, here is a showing
somewhat new to members on this floor, I
presume. It was certainly to me, until I in-
vestigated for myself. It is a fact shown by
the figures which I have already given that
the average of the expenditures for the Navy
Department for all the years from 1855 to
1861, inclusive, was $14,999,000 and the odd
cents, or in round numbers $15,000,000 per
year. That was the average per year of the
expenditures of the Navy Department for the
six years preceding tlie breaking ont of the
war. I do not, need to remind my friends on
the other side of the House that this expendi-
ture was all under administrations conducted
by their own friends. This, too, Mr. Chairman,
was in a time of profound peace. It was at a
time when prices were low. It was at a time
when one dollar would purchase more of
whatever is to be bought with money than can
to-day, 1 believe I speak without exaggeration,
be bought by a dollar and a half. It was at a
time when we did not have the eight-hour law,
and when the Government obtained ten hours
from all its employ6s. More than that, we
then had a navy in perfect repair. We had
the finest, ships of war at that time on the
face of the globe, sound and firm froiii keel
to top-mast; yet under the adminibtiations of
James Buchanan and Franklin Pierce there
was an average expenditure for the Navy
of $15,000,000 per year. To the extent of
$15,000,000 the people were taxed to support
the Navy.
That is a comparison, Mr. Chairman, to
which I invite the attention of whoever is in-
clined to make an attack on the administration
of the Navy Department at this time. I invue
to it with confidence the attention of any gen-
tleman who is disposed to attack this appro-
priation, orwho attacks the Navy Department.
I ask comparison to be made between those
