1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
103
any political antagonism whatever. I am quite
sure that among the Democratic party a very
considerable number of influential gentlemen
approve the purpose of this bill, and desire
that the investigation which it contemplates
may take placc. In my own State of Massa-
chusetts a similar bureau for the investigation
of this question has been established and the
result of their examination has been claimed
by the Democratic party of that State to show
great mistakes and errors in the administra-
tion of the affairs of the State by the party to
which I belong. Whether they are right or
wrong in that claim, I do not care to discuss at
present. All I desire to say is this: that, so
far as I am concerned, I welcome the investi-
gation as cheerfully, if its results shall be to
show that in all the measures to which I have
given my assent there has been error, as if it
shall be the reverse. This is a question whether
the daily life of millions of Americans can be
made better. It is a question too high for
party, too sacred to be mingled with the petty
schemes or the petty ambition of mere politi-
cians.
Now, sir, some gentlemen have thought that
it would be more proper to establish a bureau
of labor instead of the commission which I
propose, and perhaps when this commission
has made its report such a bureau may be
recommended, and Congress may see fit to
establish it. But it occurred to me that if, in
the outset, a bureau of this kind were pro-
posed, it would encounter the objection that
that bureau must necessarily become a part of
the general administration of the country, that,
the selection of the person to be at the head
of it would be governed partly by political or
partisan considerations, and it might therefore
unjustly, undoubtedly, but still naturally, en-
counter opposition and criticism ; whereas if
we provide in the first instance a commission
whose term of office is to expire in two years,
unless it shall please Congress to extend it,
composed of gentlemen capable of dealing
with this special subject, of high character and
high attainments, representing all phases of
opinion, the two essentials for their selection
being capacity and impartial honesty, it will
not encounter the objection I have named.
How much time is rhere left?
The SPEAKER. There are thirty minutes
of the morning hour left, and the gentleman
himself has forty minutes.
Mr. HOAR. Well, I yield ten minutes to
my colleague, [Mr. Dawes.]
Mr. DAWES. I do not rise to debate the
merits of this measure so much as to express
my regret that it has not arrested the attention
of my distinguished friend from Indiana [Mr.
Kerr] on the other side of the House, and
that he should feel constrained, without any
suggestion of anything as a substitute, or of
any solicitude in regard to this matter, to make
a motion that would put it forever to sleep.
It would, I think, have been better, and that
we might have deliberated more intelligently,
if my other friend on the other side of the
House, the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Wood,] had been willing that this bill should
have been set down as a special order for a
single day in the future. But neither my friend
from Indiana nor my friend from New York
seems to have had his attention at all called
to the great subject which is now creating so
much uneasiness and anxiety and inquiry
throughout the country. They do not seem
so much to complain of this particular meas-
ure as not meeting the great end for which
there seems to be so much reaching forward as
that we should consider it at all; and that is my
regret.
I do not desire to intimate that they repre-
sent upon this subjcct the party to which they
belong, for I do not think they do ; but I must
express my surprise that gentlemen of such
ability, and of such inquiring minds, as I know
they are, have not had their attention called
to the fact that no greater subject is looming up
in the near future, calling upon those solicit-
ous that legislators shall meet the demand of
the hour to reconcile labor and capital, than
this question. I regret that they should oppose
a measure simply providing for the appoint-
ment of a commission to gather together and
submit to the legislators of the country the re-
sults of their investigations and any statistics
they may gather together. I think my friend
from Indiana, upon due consideration, will
himself see that it is better, at least, that
instead of talking here so much upon our
political status, and onr anxiety to run a
race on the one side and on the other, in
professions, we should stop awhile, an hour
or two, it may be, and consider some practical
question, and let alone this idea of resolving
in our conventions our attachment for the
cause and our promise in the future to do
something in relation to it. The great princi-
ple of cooperation, now so successfully devel-
oping itself in other countries, and just being
introduced into this country, does not seem to
have attracted the attention of either of my
distinguished friends who desire to brush this
whole thing away or put it to sleep ; neither
the claim of labor, on the one hand, that its
best interest lies in limiting the hours of labor,
nor of capital, on the other, that the true
interests of labor and capital may possibly
be reconciled upon some principle of mutual
advantage, so that they will go on hand in
hand in developing each other, and in strength-
ening each other and improving each other in
this land of laborers.
I hope, therefore, my friend will see it in
the line of his duty to withdraw his motion to
lay this bill upon the table, and to consent to
setting aside for its consideration a single
day in the future, or to permit its passage at
this time.
Mr. HOAR. I now yield to the gentleman
from Indiana near me, [Mr. Shanks.]
Mr. KERR. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Ho.ut] wiil allow us on
this side of the House a little time to answer
what has been said on the other side. Their
statements have been so extraordinary, so
fallacious in all respects, it is due that we
should have an opportunity at least to answer
them.
Mr. HOAR. I have the floor, I believe.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. IIoau] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. HOAR. No gentleman upon the other
side of the House has expressed any opposi-
tion to this bill, or any desire to speak upon
it, pro or con, with the exception of one gen-
tleman, a member of the committee, whose
request was communicated to me by the chair
man of the committee but a moment ago. I
am certainly desirous of allowing the fullest
debate that will be agreeable to the House.
Mr. KERR. The gentleman will do much
better to give us a little time.
Mr. HOAll. I call the gentleman to order.
Mr. KERR. I am in order.
Mr. HOAR. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Kerb] desires to lay this bill upon the
table, to have a vote that will dispose ot it with-
out any debate at all. And that is the only
manifestation of desire that he has exhibited.
If the gentleman will now agree that the ques
tion on this bill shall be taken at a fixed hour
to-morrow, I will consent to divide the time
with gentlemen on the other side of the House.
Mr. KERR. I will agree to nothing.
Mr. HOAR. Then 1 will yield, as I have
said, to the gentleman near me, [Mr. Siiaxks.]
Mr. KERR. The gentleman's colleague
[Mr. Dawes] has attacked me without cause,
and I am entitled to auswer.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I rise to a question of
! order.
! TheSPEAKER. Thegentlemanwillstateit.
! Mr. CAMPBELL. I understand that by the
rules of the House it is the exclusive right
and prerogative of the Speaker to assign the
floor to gentlemen; but a custom seems to
have grown up of giving any gentleman who
takes the floor on any subject, and who is
therefore entitled to speak for an hour, the
privilege of farming it out, first to one to speak
for the bill, and then to another to speak against
it: to peddle ont the time pretty much as an
old colored woman peddles peanuts at her
stand. Now, the point I make is this: when a
gentleman who has the floor has addressed the
House and has finished his remarks he should
take his seat, and the Speakershould then assign
the floor to whoever he may designate as enti-
tled to it, whether on the one side or the other.
I object to the whole system of peddling, dick-
ering, bargaining 
The SPEAKER. The point of order need
not be further argued. Both the usage of the
House and its rules allow it to be done. The
rules provide that if a gentleman yields the
floor to another to offer an amendment he
cannot resume it. But nothing is better estab-
lished than (he right of a gentleman to yield a
portion of his time to another.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Then, if I may be allowed
to make a remark against this usage, which I
hold to be in violation of the spirit and the
letter of the rule, a usage that has grown up in
violation of law, I will say that I would like to
have the question settled. As an illustration,
if I may be permitted to refer to it 
Mr. DAWES. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that the rules have been changed since
he was formerly a member of this House ; the
rule used to be as he states.
The SPEAKER. The rules only prohibit
a gentleman from yielding the floor for the
purpose of allowing an amendment to be
offered and then resuming it again. But the
rules expressly provide that where a member
is entitled to the floor for one hour he may
yield a portion of his time to any other mem-
ber. That may be a wrong rule, but it is a
rule of the House.
Mr. KILLINGER. I rise to a parliament-
ary inquiry. Wiil there not be an opportunity
for amendment after the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hoar] yields the floor?
The SPEAKER. That the Chair is not able
to answer. The gentleman from Massachu-
setts reported the bill and proposed to have it
made a special order for Wednesday, the 10th
of January. That was objected to. The bill
is now under discussion, and must hold its place
in the morning hour. It is now in the amend-
able stage. To whom the floor shall be as-
signed after the hour of' the gentleman from
Massaehu-otts has expired is a matter within
the discretion of the Chair.
Mr. SHANKS. _ Mr. Speaker, on last Mon-
day I introduced in this House a bill for the
purpose of establishing a bureau' of labor, and
to define the duties of the head of that bureau.
I believed then, as I believe now, that the lime
has come when this Congress should take hold
of this subject and discharge promptly its duty
to the people by athorougliinvestigation, which
shall determine by clear proof whether labor
practically stands on an equal footing with cap-
ital, or whether the capital of the country
practically owns the labor of the country. It
has been the pride of the Republican paiiy, and
of this age, that the labor of this country has
been rescued to a very gieat extent from the
hands of capital. It remains now for the Repre-
sentatives of the people to see to it that labor
does not go back into the hands of capital.
The laboring people of this nation think to-day
that they are subjected unjustly to capital;
that discriminations are made against them
which have this effect. It is due to the large
number of people holding this opinion that we
should investigate the subject and determine
whether they are correct in their judgment.
I If they are correct, it is the duty of this Con-
! gress to redeem thein from thatthralldom ; and
