1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
51-
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sale of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Harlan,
Senate.
to either of these Governments, or to a known
agent of either of them.
But, Mr. President, political capital is sought
to be made out of the fact that some of these
sales occurred after the war between France
and Prussia commenced. I hold in my hand the
document from which the honorable Senator
read for the purpose, as it seemed to me, of
making the impression that these sales began
and were carried on in aid of Prance against
Prussia. If the Senator had turned to the sec-
ond page of the document he would have seen
that these sales began as early as March, 1805.
Here is the record of a long list of sales made
during that year, bringing them up to the close
of the year; and beginning again with the year
1800, I find a list of sales made, with the
names of the parties and the dales of sale, and
the amount of money received, running through
that year up to the beginning of 1807 ; then
page after page of sales made during the year
1807 up to the beginning of 1868 ; then numer-
ous pages of recorded sales for the year 1868,
and again for 1809, for 1870, and for 1871,
covering a period of six years; showing that
these sales began in 1865, when the States of
Germany and France were at perfect peace.
And because this Government did not suspend
the sales of arms and ordnance stores to pri-
vate parties during the continuance of a brief
war which continued but a few months this
charge is sought to be made against the Gov-
ernment of the United States of unjustifiable
interference.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me a moment right there?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. To show him how true
what he is saying is, let me refer to the fact
that on page 8 of this report, as early as June,
1868, he will find a large sale of muskets, over
four thousand at one time, to E. Remington &
Sons; and as Mr. Remington is my neighbor,
as I have known him long and his father before
him, 1 beg in the same connection to say that
he does not deserve the way in which he has
been spoken of, and that he is not known in
his own country or in Europe as an agent of
France. On the contrary, long years before
this war began, Mr. Remington was, his father,
Eliphalet Remington, before him was, and his
brothers with him are, large manufacturers
and dealers in arms, and not with France, but
-with many other and more distant nations of
the earth. Long before this war occurred he
had transactions and contracts of this sort.
Messrs. Remington & Sons had their status
with the Government and in the country as
very large manufacturers of arms themselves,
as very large purchasers of arms in the mar-
kets of foreign countries, which it will turn
out in this investigation they sold and had
been for a long time selling at home and in
foreign countries before the Franco-Prussian
war began, after that war had concluded, and
while that war was raging. And I want at
this moment, as part, of the admirable state-
ment the Senator is making, to call attention
to the fact, stronger than he states it, to show
that the Government was in no sense upon its
guard in respect of these gentlemen, and was
not dealing with them at all in the character
of agents of France or agents of anybody else.
[At this point Mr. Harlan yielded to an
adjournment.]
Thursday, February 15,1872.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the same
subj ect.
Mr. HARLAN. Mr. President, it is charged
in this resolution and preamble, when stripped
of all unnecessary verbiage, that the United
States has sold arms to the Government of
France in violation of our duty as a neutral,
France and Germany both being friendly Pow-
ers to us and being at the time engaged in a
war with each other. It is charged, secondly,
that the proceeds of these sales have not been
properly accounted for to the Secretary of the
Treasury of the United States. When I last
had the honor of addressing the Senate on this
subject I produced the record of the War
Department for the purpose of showing that
these sales began as early as March, 1805, and
had progressed uninterruptedly to the present
date, and I might add are still progressing;
that they were made under authority of law,
in the first instance at public outcry to the
highest bidder, and afterward either at public
sale or to private individuals, and that those
sales to private individuals were authorized
by law. I ask the Secretary now to read the
statute to which I refer.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Joint resolution directing the Secretary of War to
sell damaged or unserviceable arms, ordnance, and
ordnance stores.
lie it resolved by the Senate and IIouvc of 2iepre-
sentatives of the United States of America in Congress
assembled, That the Secretary of War be, and hois
hereby, authorized and directed to cause to be sold,
after offer at public sale on thirty days' notice, in
such manner and at sncb times and places, at public
or private sale, as he may deem most advantageous
to the public interest, the old cannon, arms, and other
ordnance stores now in possession of the War Depart-
ment which are damaged or otherwise unsuitable for
the United States military service, or for the militia
of the United States, and to cause the net proceeds
of such sales, after paying ail proper expenses of
sale and transportation to the place of sale, to ho
deposited in the Treasury of the United States.
Approved, July 20,18f>8.
Mr.' HARLAN. It will be observed that
this statute was enacted July 20, 1868, two
years before the commencement of the war
between France and Prussia. I produced also
the records of the Department to show that no
sales had been made by the United States to
the Government of France; that none had
been made to a known agent of the Govern-
ment of France; that so soon as it became
apparent to the War Department that a pur-
chaser was acting for the Government of
France, contemplated sales to him were sus-
pended. I have already stated, what I now
repeat, though it will not probably be called
in question, that the citizens of the United
States have a right under the law of nations
to sell arms to belligerents. The fact of the
existence of war between two foreign States,
France and Prussia, in no way curtailed the
right of merchants in the United States to
sell arms to the people of either country. If
they Attempted to deliver the arms in the port
of a belligerent, of course they took their own
hazard, running the risk of confiscation for
the introduction of contraband of war if cap-
tured by the other belligerent on the high seas.
I apprehend it will not be called in question
that the Government of the United States had
a 'perfect right to sell its property to its own
citizens, and when this sale should have been
completed that those citizens had the full and
completecontrol over that property, and would
have the same right to hold or to sell at home
or abroad as if they had manufactured it in
their own workshops.
If these statements be true, and the refer-
ence to international law be correct, in what
respect is theGovernmentof the United States
culpable for making these sales? It may be
said that the Government could not have
avoided the knowledge that such articles of
merchandise would not have been sought by
citizens unless they had contemplated their
sale for military uses. But if this would con-
elude the Government, it would reduce the
United States to tiie necessity of giving indi-
rect aid to the one or the other of these bel-
ligerents by refusing to sell that which it had
a perfect right to sell to private parties under
its own law and under the international code.
This policy would cause us to suffer lor the
time being if sales were suspended for such a
reason to the amount of the deterioration of-
the value of these arms for the benefit of the
opposing belligerent. This loss on our part
neither belligerent would have a right to re-
quire on the ground that the arms so disposed
of might find their way through legitimate
channels, in harmony with the international
code, to the one or the other of these belliger-
ent forces.
On that point I desire to state a fact which
is sustained by the records of the War Depart-
ment, that at the time these sales were going
on the representative of the Prussian Govern-
ment near this Government applied for the
suspension of sales until German houses in the
United States should have an opportunity to
putin bids, and ou his request these sales were
suspended and bids put in. They happened
not to be accepted, tor the reason that there
were higher bids, and the sale was awarded to
the highest bidder. I mention this fact for the
purpose of showing that Prussia understood
the international law as I have stated it, that
the Government of the United States had a
right to sell its surplus arms fo its citizens,
and that those citizens won Id have a right to
dispose of them after the purchase as merchan-
dise to whom they chose, whether at home or
abroad.
Deeming that this branch of the subject has
been sufficiently disposed of for the present,
I come to the second: that the proceeds of
these sales have not been properly accounted
for by the War Department to the Treasury
Department, it is stated that the Secretary
of War reports that the sale of arms for the
fiscal year beginning the 1st day of July,
1870, and ending the 30th day of June, 1871,
amounted to $10,000,000, and that the only
credits found on the books of the Treasury
amount to but $8,286,131 70. I thiuk I shall
be able to show that the honorable Senator
who preferred this charge did not examine the
subjcct with his usual care.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will bear in
mind that I quoted the precise words of the
two different reports.
Mr. HARLAN. I am aware of that.
Mr. SUMNER. Will the Senator be good
enough to read the precise words of the Sec-
retary of War? The Senator only read the
first part.
Mr. HARLAN. I will take groat pleasure
in reading the exact words; and I shall not
presume, Mr. President, in this discussion,
that the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts is a novicc, that he is unfamiliar with the
affairs of Government, and the transactions
of business in the departments of his own
Government. I read lrom the eleventh page
of the report of the Secretary of War as
printed by the House of Representatives in
Executive Document No. 1, part two, l?orty-
Second Congress, second session:
"During the fiscal year small-arms and ordnanco
stores to the amount of $10,000,000 have been sold,
and the enure proceeds" 
Mr. SUMNER. Mark, "the entire pro-
ceeds."
Mr. HARLAN. Yes; and the entire pro-
ceeds—I desire to emphasize those words for
the accommodation of the honorable Senator:
"and the entire proceeds, except a small sum re-
tained to meet expense ol preparing: other arms lor
sale, have passed into the Ireabury beyond the con-
trol of this .Department."
I believe that is the entire record on that
point so far as it is furnished from the report
of the Secretary of War; but m the same vol-
ume. on page 249, Ifind the following language
in the appended report of the chief of ord-
nance. Before I read this I de-'ire to remind
the honorable Senator, of what he doubtless
knows, that the reports of the heads of Depart-
ments arc made up from the reports of the heads
of bureaus; that the chief officer must rely
on his subordinates for details. I temeruber
