1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1895
Congress there was considerable discussion
upon the subject of the payment of the ex-
penses of unsuccessful contestants in con-
tested-election cases. In every case, however,
when the attempt was made to adopt any rule
that would cut off these expenditures the
House during that Congress decided against
the proposition.
The Committee of Elections of the present
House have not felt at liberty to inaugurate
any new policy upon the subject. We have,
however, undertaken to reform to some extent
what we believed to have been the abuses
which grew out of the practice which has so
long prevailed. From the commencement it
has been the custom of the House to allow a
contestant his expenses, in every case at least
where it appeared that he had prosecuted his
ease with reasonable cause and in good faith.
But there has been much carelessness in ascer-
taining the amount of those expenses, and in
very many cases larger amounts have been
paid than ought to have been paid. The last
House of Representatives paid in the aggre-
gate about one hundred and thirteen thousand
dollars to unsuccessful contestants. In view
of these facts, and for the purpose of reform-
ing the abuses at least, the present Committee
of Elections at the commencement of this
Congress, adopted as one of their rules the
following, which 1 ask the Clerk to read.
The Clerk read as follows :
"10. The committee will not recommend the pay-
luentofany competition beyond actual,reasonable,
and accessary expenses, to an> contestant who fails
to maintain his right,to a seat, and will recommcnd
the payment of sucli expenses only in cases where
tlie contest is made in sood faith and with reason-
able cause. Each eonUata-nt, tailing to sustain his
claim to a seat, and claiming compensation, shall
present to the committee an itemized statement,
under oath, of his expenditures in connection with
such contest, which shall be examined by tho com-
mittee, or by a sub-committee appointed for that
purpose, and so much only shall be allowed as comes
within tho provisions of this rule."
Mr. McCRARY. This is as far as the com-
mittee have felt at liberty to go, unless the
House shall reverse its former action and
adopt a new rule upon the subject which will
go further. I wish to say with reference to
the resolution now before the House that it
comes clearly within the rule of the commit-
tee. This contest necessarily involved a very
heavy expense. The number of witnesses
called, I think, amounts to about fifteen hun-
dred. The amount recommended by the com-
mittee does not cover the amount sworn to by
tne contestant as his actual expenses by some
fifteen hundred dollais. ' The committee have
cut it down so as to include in it only such
expenses as we believe to have been necessary.
There is no question in the mind of any
member of the committee but that Mr. Cessna
prosecuted his claim to the seat in the utmost
good faith. The majority against him by the
official count was only fifteen, and the proof
introduced by the contestant was altogether
sufficient to have overcome that majority, and
have produced a considerable majority in his
favor, had it not been that the sitting member
successfully attached quite a number of votes
which bad been cast for the contestant, a
thing: which the contestant could not have
anticipated when he commenced the prosecu
tion of his contest. If the House is content
witli the rule which the committee has adopted,
and which is certainly a great improvement
upon anything heretofore adopted on this sub-
ject, then the resolution which is now pro-
posed should be adopted. 1 now move the
previous question.
Mr. STORM. I wish to ask the chairman
of the Committeeof Elections [Mr. McCkaky]
whether the account in this case has been
made up according to the rule the committee
recommended.
Mr. McCIiARY. It has. An itemized ac-
count has been sworn to by the contestant,
and that account has been cut down consider-
ably by the committee.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. McCRARY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. DICKEY. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is the
call of committees for reports of a private
nature, and the first committee to be called
is the Committee on Private Land Claims.
EXCHANGE OF LAND, ST. LOUIS, MISSOURI.
Mr. McGREW. lam instructed by the Com-
mittee on Private Land Claims to report back,
with a substitute, the bill (H. It. No. 843)
authorizing the transfer and exchange of two
irregular strips of laud adjoining the marine
hospital tract at St. Louis, Missouri.
The SPEAKER. The substitute will, by
unanimous consent, be treated as an original
bill.
The bill (H. It. No. 2040) was read. It
recites in the preamble that the United States
marine hospital'grounds situated in the city
of St. Louis, Missouri, lie adjoining lands of
John G. Woerner upon an angular line'of
division, and that it is represented that an
alteration and straightening of said division
line, and an exchange of certain irregular
strips of land, will be conducive to the interest
and convenience of both parties. The bill
therefore provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury be authorized to appoint a commis-
sion, to consist of two persons, to determine
upon a new division line between the property
of John G. Woerner, of St. Louis, Missouri, and
the St. Louis marine hospital tract, which shall
be a continuous straight line, and the Secretary
of the Treasury is authorized, if he shall be
satisfied that the said exchange shall be bene-
ficial to the Government of the United States,
to convey to John G. Woerner the strip of lauii
that may be found to be on the south side of
the line so determined upon, in exchange for
the strip of land that may be found to lie an
the north side of said line. Tho division line
is to be so located that the exchange of
the strip of land, and the location of the
line, shall involve no expense to the Gov-
ernment ; and upon the further condition
that Woerner shall pay to the United States
the sum of the difference in value, if any,
between the two parcels of land thus ex-
changed; such sum to be ascertained by the
said commissioners, who, in case of disagree-
ment, shall choose an umpire; a majority of
the commission thus constituted to determine
the location of said division line and the dif
ference in value as aforesaid, the appraise-
ment and location to be approved by the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. Upon the full pay-
ment of the sum aforesaid, (if any difference
in value should be in favor of the Uniied
States,) and the conveyance by John G. Woer-
ner to the United Stales of a valid title to
the said strip or parcel of land lying north
of the new division line, and adjoining the
southeast corner of the St. Louis marine
hospital grounds, and the payment of all
expenses that may be incurred in locating
the new line, determining the ditf'erence in
value of the two paicels of land, and the
transfer herein provided for, and compliance
with the other conditions herein set forth,
the Secretary of the Treasury is to execute the
necessary deeds for the conveyance to John
W. Woerner of the parcel of land lying on
the south side of the new division line, and
adjoining the southwest corner of the St.
Louis marine hospital grounds.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. McGREW moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
THEODORE ADAMS.
Mr. SCOFIBLD, from the Committee on •
Naval Affairs, reported a.bill (H. R. No. 2047)
for the relief of Theodore Ad'ams ; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill provides for paying to Theodore
Ad'ams, out of any money hereafter to be
appropriated for that purpose, the sum of
$112,740 76 in full for all claims under his.
contract with the Government of the United
States for the construction of thirty-eight mor-
tar-boats and eight steam-tugs.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time, aud passed.
Mr. SCOFIBLD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the hill was passed: and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CONGRESSIONAL DEBATES.
The SPEAKER announced the following
as the managers of the conference on the part
of the House on the disagreeing votes between
the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 681) to pro-
vide for reporting and printing the debates of
Congiess:- Mr. Kkllet of Pennsylvania, Mr.
Beamf of Ohio, and Mr. Abthur of Ken-
tucky.
GILBERT MORTON..
Mr. STARKWEATHER, from the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs, reported back a bill
(S. No. 8'20) to authorize the restoration of
Gilbert Morton to the naval service, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, authorizes the Pres-
ident of the United Slates to nominate,'and by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate
to reappoint, Gilbert Morton ensign in the
Navy.
The bill was ordered to a third reading ; and
it was accordingly read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
GNORGE A. STEVENS.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, from the same
committee, also reported back a bill (H. R.
No. 903) for the relief of George A. Stevens,
of the United States Navy, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
President of the United States is authorized
to appoint, and with the advice and consent
of the Senate to commission, George A. Ste-
vens to such rank in the United States Navy
as the circumstances of said Stevens's case
may in his judgment seem to justify.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read athird time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
110B1CRT A. MAYO
Mr. PLATT, from the Committee on Naval
A Hairs, reported back a joint resolution (H. B.
No. 97) for the relief of Robert A. Mayo, of
Richmond, Virginia, with the recommenda-
tion that it pass with' an amendment.
The joint resolution, which was read, pro-
vides that the Secretaryof the Navy be author-
ized and directed to pay to Robert A. Mayo,
of Richmond, Virginia, the sum of ^1,50( 59,
with interest at the rate of six per cent, from
the 1st" day of January, 1861, the same to be
in full of balances due him on account of reser-
vation bills for tobacco furnished the United
States Navy Department, under contract exist-
ing during "the years I860 and 1861.
Mr. I) A WES. I suggest that it be made a
bill in place of a joint resolution.
