52
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February If
Senate.
Sale of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Harlan.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
once to have heard Mr. Seward say that after
he bad given the proper officer an order to do a
thing he felt himself at perfect liberty to report
that it had beend one, presuming that on an
official order having been made bj the superior
officer to his subordinate it would be faithfully
obeyed. When the head of a Department
recites from the report of his subordinate,
equally a sworn officer of the Government, he
surely should be exonerated from any slight
discrepancy that might afterward appear in
the examination of the details. What does
the chief of ordnance report on this point?
These are his words:
"During the last fiscal year there existed a great
demand in Europe for small-arms and other ord-
nance stores, and this Department took advantage
of it and sold, at fair prices, about ten million dol-
lars' worth of smali-arms and other ordnance stores,
under authority given by Congress in July, 1868.
The proceeds of the sales, except a small sum which
is retained to meet expenses incurred in preparing
other stores for sale, have passed from the control
of this Department and into the Treasury."
This phraseology has been adopted almost
verbatim by the Secretary of War, making it
clear that the"Secretary!3 report on this point
is made up from the report of the chief of ord-
nance. He simply relied on the reports of the
heads of bureaus in making up his report to
the Congress of the United States. But if the
honorable Senator had taken the trouble to read
the preceding paragraphs, he would have ascer-
tained what the facts were. This report of the
sale of arms to the amount of $10,000,000, as
was observed by the honorable Senator from
New York [Mr. Conkling] yesterday, is found
in the recitative part of the document. The
financial statement was on the same page and
must have been under the eye of the Senator if
he took the trouble to look at the report of the
chief of ordnance with a view of ascertaining
whether the Secretary of War was sustained
by his official associates. I find in this finan-
cial statement of the proceeds of sales of arms
and ordnance stores the following:
"Auiountofdeposits in Treasury not reported to
the eredit of the appropriations on the same date,
$99,367 76.
" Amount received since June 30,1870, on account
of damages to arras in handsof troops, from salesof
arms to officers, and condemned stores, and from all
other sources not before mentioned, $9,960,895 97."
These two items, taken together, aggregate
over ten millions ; but in the latter is included
amount received from stoppage of pay of sol-
diers on account of damage done by them to
artns in their own bands, and proceeds of sales
of arms to officers, and some other items not
specifically mentioned, which may reduce the
amount of sales of surplus arms and ordnance
stores to something leas than ten millions.
Now let us turn to the report of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. I will read from the
same page from which the honorable Senator
makes his citation. He says the total amount
of credits on account of the sales of arms and
ordnance stores is $8,286,181 70, but he recites
but one item. On the same page, and within,
a few lines of the item mentioned, is the fol-
lowing credit:
" On account of national armories, $629,094 72."
A few lines further on is the following
Credit:
" On account of arms for volunteers and regulars,
$2,71(il6."
A few lines lower down, the following:
^account of arming and equipping militia,
Foot these up, add them to the $8,286,181
70, and you will have the sum of $9,158,926 98.
But, s r, I am not done yet. In the report
of the chief of ordnance, m connection with
and a part of his financial exhibit, is the fol-
lowing explanatory statement :
" Am- untof depositain the Treasury not reported
to the credit of appropriations, $706,537 83."
Add ibis to the former and it gives you
$9,865,464 81. Is not that near enough to
$10,000,000 to justify the report of the chief
of ordnance that the sales had amounted dur-
ing the fiscal year to about ten millions?
Mr. SCHORZ. Will the Senator permit me
to ask him a question for information?
Mr. HARLAN. Certainly.
Mr. SCHORZ. Do the different items that
he has read there belong to the same head?
Mr. HARLAN. Theyarethe receipts from
the proceeds of sales of ordnance and ord-
nance stores during the fiscal year beginning
July 1, 1870. and ending June 30, 1871; If
the honorable Senator will be patient I will
satisfy him to the very utmost. I have now
before me the book of original entriesof funds
deposited in the Treasury as proceeds of sales
of arms and ordnance stores, under the super-
vision of the chief of ordnance, in which
every item is entered, with the name of the
depositor who had control of the proceeds of
the sale of each lot of arms sold, the place
where the money was deposited, the appro-
priation to which it was carried on the books
of the Treasury or ought to be carried, the
amount of each deposit, the date when the
statement was sent to the Secretary of the
Treasury, and also the date of the transfer
warrant carrying it to the head of the proper
appropriation. If anybody will take the
trouble to read over these items as I find them
here in the original record for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1871, he- will find the staie-
ment of the Secretary of War and the chief of
ordnance in their annual repgrts, from which
the honorable Senator read, fully sustained.
This detailed itemised record of deposits foots
up-total $9,737,437 77, the amount covered
into the Tieasury, to adopt the language of
the Department, to the credit of the War
Department on account of said sales.
And of this amount, if I have not erred in
my computation, the War Department was
crediied on the books of the Treasury, as I
find it on the page of the annual report from
which the honorable Senator read, $9,158,-
926 98. The residue, amounting to six or
seven hundred thousand dollars, had not prob-
ably, when the annual report was made up
at the close of the fiscal year, been carried to
the books of the Treasury to the head of the
proper appropriation, in the exhibit styled
" segregated receipts and expenditures by
warrants," from which the honorable Senator
made his citation.
The total amount had been deposited in
various Government depositories, for which
receipts had been taken and entered on the
books of the ordnance department, from
which the Secretary of War made his annual
report to Congress. But all of it had not been
carried by transfer warrants to the head of the
proper account in the statement of '' segregated
receipts and expenditures by warrants" when
the annual report of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury wasprepared. Sometime must necessarily
elapse before the entries could be made under
the proper heads on the books of the Treas-
uiy, after the transmission of certificates of
deposit. The small apparent discrepancy is
thus fully accounted for. I think I am there-
fore justifiable in concluding that the honora-
ble Senator did not examine this subject with
his usual care before presenting his charges.
Sir, here is a record of ourown Department
perfectly accessibly to every member of this
body, which the honorable Senator could have
seen for himself before he drew up his indict-
ment, and thus learned that his surmises had
no foundation in fact.
But, Mr. President, the honorable Sena-
tor, I thought, felt aggrieved at my calling
in question the correctness of his statement
that names of purchasers of arms had been
omitted from the Secretary's report of sales
now under consideration. I stated that these
supposed purchasers were merely bidders and
not purchasers. The Senator confronted me
with an Associated Press dispatch. That he
may be entirely satisfied on this point, I can
now furnish him the original telegrams, bor-
rowed of the chief of ordnance. If 1 have a
correct list of these names of the Senator's
supposed purchasers, not found in the Secre-
tary's report, they areas follows:
" Sales under advertisement, October 17.
"To O. Jjippincott, one thousand sets horse equip-
ments, at J5 50 per set.
" To E. H. Pond, at $10 05, for twenty-seven hun-
dred Joslyn carbines.
" Schuyler, Hartley & Graham, at $20 50 each, for
one thousand Spencer carbines with bayonets, and
four hundred rounds of ammunition, at eighteen
dollars per thousand."
I believe these are the names mentioned by
the Senator. Here is one of the telegrams,
dated October 29, 1870, addressed to General
Dyer, chief of ordnance, as follows:*
" I offer $5 50 per set for one thousand sets of horse
equipments. 0. LIPPINCOTT."
This is the memorandum on the back of the
telegram:
" Offers $5 50 per set for one thousand sets of horse
equipments.
" Filed ; not accepted. October 31,1870."
The next one is dated October 29, addressed
to the same officer:
" I hereby offer $10 05 each for twenty-seven hun-
dred Joslyn carbines. E. H. POND."
On which is indorsed :
" Offers $10 05 each for twenty-seven hundred Jos-
lyn carbines.
" Filed: not accepted. October 31,1870."
Here is a compound bid including several
items, dated October 28, and signed uSchuy-
jer, Hartley & Graham," on which I find an
indorsement in pencil so blurred that I can-
not make it out, but I Judge it is the same
as the others.
This, then, is the official record of the War
Department to confront the reliability of an
Associated Pre<s dispatch. I have grt at re-
spect for the newspapers of this country ; it
would be difficult for us to do without them ;
and yet I do not think a member of the Sen-
ate, in arraigning the head of a Department, is
justifiable in relying implicitly upon a news-
paper statement when the official record is com-
pletely within his reach. I think it is due to
the Senator's own Government that he should
assure himself of the facts by the official rec-
ord before he brings so grave a charge.
I staled yesterday that 1 thought tbjs pro-
cedure had been incited by the representa-
tives of the French Government, and that
they had been sufficiently adroit to draw into
it a member of this body, for the purpose of
enabling them to prosecute a claim against
one of their own agents. I will now state
some of my reasons for this supposition, that
we may understand prejisely what we are to
do, and why we are expected to act such a
part for the representatives of a foreign na-
tion. I introduce a letter which will throw
some light on this subject. The original is in
French. I will read a translation made at the
War Department. I hold the original in my
hand:
French Leoation,
Washington, December 26,1871.
Marquis: The President having been pleased to
permit that tne accounts of the ordnance should be
confidentially communicated to us, in order that wo
might study certain points that remain obscure to
1D purchase-accounts of the intermediaries
who ofleredtnemselves to us, I beg you will repair
to the w ar .Department and make in my name the
investigations needed by oar Government. You will
have the goodness to includo in the detailed report
to be drawn up for me all the items to which I have
already more than once called your attention.
Receive, I beg, sir, the assurance of my marked
esteem.
H. BE BELLONNET,
Charg6 d'Ajfaires, France,
Marquis De Chambrun.
It wouid not, I think, be out of place for me
to state here that, armed with this communi-
