104
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
if they are not correct, it is the duty of Con-
gress to place in their hands the means by
which their judgment shall be proved to be
unfounded.
I am in favor of this bill, though I much
prefer the organization of a bureau that shall
proceed at once to make an inquiry of this
kind, because the commission contemplated
by this bill will be embarrassed to some extent
in consequence of its want of power to bring
before it the proper testimony, the evidences
which may produce the effect desired. How-
ever, I sustain this measure. Speaking for
the people whom I have the honor to repre-
sent, I say to this Congress that the time has
come when we should no longer neglect this
matter. The question is, whether we shall
obey the edict of the American people which
has gone out to the effect that their legislative
department shall take care of the laboring
elements of the country, and not leave them
to be mistreated by capital. In every country
the original element of wealth is labor. Cap-
ital is the result of that labor; and if it has
come about that capital, the result of labor,
controls labor itself and directs its fate, then
the time has come when this wrong should be
righted, and the laboring people restored to
their original and rightful position.
I am, as I have said, in favor of this measure,
and shall sustain it; but I am much more in
favor of a measure that shall go to the root of the
evil and investigate the wages of laborers, male
or female, the expenses of living, the amount
of rents, the rates of interest, all the outlays
imposed upon the laboring people in the sup-
port of themselves and their families. We may
thus be enabled to see what are practically the
present relations of labor and capital, and
whether labor stands fairly in the fight with
capital.
The SPEAKER. In answer to the point
made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Camp-
bell,] tbe Chair directs the reading of an
extract from the rules.
The Clerk read as follows:
*' While a member is occupying the floor he may
yield it to another for explanation of the pending
measure, as well as for personal explanation. So,
too, he may yield it tor a motion to adjourn, or that
the eommitteo rise, without losing his right to reoc-
eupy it for the remainder of his time whenever the
pending question shall be resumed; but it is other-
wise when lie yields to eDable another to offer or with-
draw an amendment."
Mr. HOAR. I now yield for ten minutes to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Air. Kel-
ley.J
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful
to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Ho.ar] for having brought this subject to the
attention of the House. It demands imme-
diate and earnest consideration. The failure
to investigate such questions as this bill pro-
poses to submit to an able commission has
deprived England of her national prestige and
threatens her imminently with revolution. It
was the failure to consider these questions by
the imperial Government of France, and those
which preceded it, that lighted the fires of the
Commune in Palis. It is the failure of Gov-
ernments to consider the condition of the
masses of the people that is upheaving society
in all lands, and has brought about an inter-
national association of the bone and muscle
of the world, the action of which is teactiing
Governments and privileged classes that with
the laborers, notwithstanding their hard con-
dition, there are also intellect, culture, and
energetic but disciplined will. It is the failure
of Governments to recognize the questions pro-
pounded by ihe gentleman's bill that is arous-
ing the young enthusiasts of England and the
continent of Europe in hostility to church
and throne, and making them, titled though
they be, leaders of the poor and oppressed
toilers of the Old World.
Sir, it is the failure of European Govern-
ments to consider these question that is bring-
ing to our country sack year more than a
quarter of a million of people, who flee from
lands which are not poverty-stricken, but which
abound in wealth and its elements, because the
toilers in the midst of that wealth are doomed
to penury, to want, to hunger, and often to
death from inanition. Recent English writers
and the reports of parliamentary commis-
sions show that among the labpring people
of England are several millions who are in
want of healthful and sufficient food through-
out succeeding years. It is owing to the fail-
ure to consider these questions that England
is becoming the land of drunkenness, and that
while her receipts of revenuefiom spirits swell
from year to year, her home consumption of
her own cotton goods has fallen off thirty-five
percent, infouryears. Her agricultural labor-
ers are ill-fed, ill-clad, and housed in kennels
inferior to those of the hounds of the plutoc-
racy. I have the authority of R. II. Patter-
son, of Daniel Grant, of Sir Edward Sullivan,
and a host of recent writers, proving that the
honest toil of a laboring family in England
can no longer keep a decent roof over that
family.
Mr. Speaker, we are walking in the ways
of old nations. We are saved from these dire
results for the present by reason of the extent
and freedom of our public lands. Go into our
old and crowded cities; go into New'York,
the commercial metropolis of the country, and
you find poverty as gaunt, want as absolute,
the inability to find employment at certain
seasons as complete, as it is in the east end of
London or the heart of Lancashire. Thank
God, it is never so widespread! Let us take
measures to prevent it from ever becoming
so. Prudent forecast will do this. We are
following in the footsteps of the old nations;
and now, while it is day, while without vio-
lence order may be given to that which is
running into chaos, while the whole subject is
susceptible of easy control, let us authorize
the appointment of a commission which shall,
at the end of two years or sooner, give us such
a report as may be agreed upon. We see what
results England's commercial and revenue sys-
tems have produced. Let us be admonished
and avoid them in time; and I would add—and
I hope the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] will, in the thirteenth line of the first
section of the bill, where he speaks of laws
regulating commerce, finance, and currency,
add—"and of partnership," in order to pro-
mote, if possible, or to at least enlighten the
laborers and capitalists of the country as to
the feasibility of cooperation and the prospects
of happy results from its establishment in this
country.
We who live under a Government resting
upon the virtue and intelligence of the people
cannot afford to permit the laborers of any
one of the States of the Union to fall into
the condition of the laboring people of Eng-
land, of France, of Austria, or even of Bel-
gium, where better provision is made for edu-
cation than in the others. We must look to it
that they whose skill and toil in the mine and
the coal-bank initiate our industries and sup-
ply us with power, or who convert the ores
into metal and all forms of utility and beauty:
that they who shear the flock and wash the
wool and spin and weave and dye it; that they
who by their labor convert the apparently arid
fields of the South into cotton and all its useful
and beautiful fibers, shall not live in igno-
rance, and shall not, in this country, so richly
endowed^ with every description of material
wealth, live in poverty and die in want. Their
toil, enforced by steam and mechanical appli-
ances, and our resources, if regulated and
equitably adjusted, are sufficient to banish
poverty, except as the result of intemperance,
from the wide limits of our country,
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOAR. I now yield to the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Storm] for five min-
utes.
Mr. WOOD. I desire to ask the Chair for
what length of time the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hoar] holds the floor?
The SPEAKER. For one hour.
Mr. WOOD. How many minutes of his hour
are left ?
The SPEAKER. Fifteen.
Mr. STORM. I am very sorry that any
opposition is made to this bill on the floor of
this House. If there were in the bill what the
gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Iyeru] and the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Wood] think
there is, I should certainly be opposed to it.
I am as much opposed to the creation of any
bureau in connection with the national Gov-
ernment as any gentleman on this floor can
be, and if I believed that this bill had for its
object the erection of another bureau in con-
nection with the General Government I should
be opposed to its passage. But I regard this
as simply an investigation, and as such I intend
to vote for it. I am not particular how this
investigation may be carried on. I am not
tenacious as to whether we shall have a special
commissioner appointed as enacted in this bill,
or whether we shall direct the inquiry to be
made by the Committee on Education and
Labor itself, or whether this House will raise
a special committee for the purpose of investi-
gating the facts set forth in this bill. But as
regards the simple purpose of investigating
into these facts, I am heartily in favor of it.
There is a general uprising all over this coun-
try of the laboring classes. They are rising
up in rebellion against the system of class
legislation which has characterized the Gov-
ernment of the country for the last ten years.
It is the enactment of unjust and unequal laws,
I contend, that has called forth the laboring
classes of the country in opposition to the
capitalists of the country; and I am in favor
of an investigation which will go to show that
this Government, in the enactment of its
tariff laws, in the giving away of the public
lands, and in the enactment of national bank
laws, has been legislating against the interests
of the laboring classes, and in favor of the
capitalists of the country.
Now, I say that if we have the right on this
floor to be constantly legislating in favor of
corporations, capitalists, and monopolies, the
laboring interests of the country demand some
attention at our hands also; and I am not
willing that my Republican friends on tbe
other side of the House shall steal all the thun-
der in this matter. I think that my friends
upon this side of the House should place them-
selves square upon the record on this subject.
We have always beeu the consistent friends of
the laboring classes, and I hope we shall so
vote to-day, or whenever the final action shall
be taken on tbis bill, as to show that we still
care for the interests of those classes.
As I have already said, the proposition hei-e
is simply for an investigation, not for the pur-
pose of enacting any law, but of letting the
country see that during the last ten years our
legislation has been against the interests of the
laboring classes and in favor of the interests
of the capitalists and corporation. I am in
favor of such an investigation, and I am sure,
Mr. Speaker, it will show such a state of things
as should lead us in the future legislation of
the country to discriminate in favor of the
laboring interests at least as much as in favor
of the capitalists of the country. The labor-
ing classes of the country are eomfiaiiiing
about the unjust and unequal enactments that
are made here. They say (hat by the legis-
lation of Congress there has been stolen from
them one third of the public domain. They
say that while you have been enacting enor-
mous and extravagant tariff laws they reap none
of the benefits of those laws. These corpora-
tions and monopolists come here annually and
demand the enactment of laws ostensibly in
the interests of the laboring classes, when m
reality they receive no benefits from such laws.
