1000
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 13,
expenditures and the expenditures since the
war has been closed. I invite the attention
of all those who have been disposed to think
the money voted to the Navy has been too
much.
Now, Mr. Chairman, this committee, the
House, and the country have the right to know
where the money goes. I must go over this
point briefly. I wish to confine myself legiti-
mately to the bill before the committee, and to
all questions legitimately arising in this bill.
Where does this money go? First, there is
the civil force of the Department. The cleri-
cal force of the Navy Department embraces no
officials with high salaries. In its civil lift is
the Secretary of the Navy, holding a Cabinet
appointment with a salary attached to a Cabi-
net officer. 1 take it that no one is inclined to
disturb that. He hasno Assistant Secretary of
the Navy. The highest officer in the Depart-
ment on the civil list is the chief clerk, who
is only paid the salary allowed to the chief
clerks of other Departments of the Govern-
ment. The heads ofbureausare officersdeiailed
from the Navy, and the only pay they receive is
that which belongs to them as officers of the
Navy. They do not receive any additional pay
because they hold these official positions. Not
one cent is added to their salaries. And the
clerical force of the Navy Department is to-day,
and always has been, smaller than that of
any other Department of the Government,
excepting only the Attorney General's Office,
and it may be that it as small as it is in that
Department
Mr. CONNER. I desire to call the gentle-
man's attention to some facts in relation to
these expenditures. I see from the report of
the Secretary of the Navy that the Navy has
been gradually decreasing since 1843, and that
under tbe administrations of Mr. Pierce and
Mr. Buchanan there was nearly double the
number of guns afloat. We have now, ac-
cording to the report which I hold in my
hand—
" In commission and fitting out for relief-ships
twenty-nine vessels, amounting to three hundred
and eighteen guns.
"As tar hack as 1S29, we had in commission twenty-
two vessels mounting six hundred and twenty-six
guns. In 184o we had forty-one vessels in commis-
sion mounting nine hundred and ninety-eight guns."
Mr. HALE. I cannot yield to the gentle-
man for such a lengthy statement, if the
gentleman wishes to ask me a question, I
shall be happy to answer it, if in my power.
Mr. CONNER. I wish to know how you
harmonize those statements.
Mr. HALE. The gentleman is altogether
too impatient. He runs before his time. He
wishes me to explain matters that I have not
yet reached, but am coming to.
The next large cause of expense is found in
the men and the officers of the Navy. Now.
the number of both of these is fixed by law—
the number of men, the number of officers,
and the pay of each. The number of men
to-day in the whole United States Navy proper
is eight thousand five hundred, as fixed by
Statute. The British navy has sixty-four thou-
sand men, neatly eight times as many as ours.
I do not expect that our establishment will
be brought up to that of England. And if
any gentleman upon the other side or upon
this side of the House asks the question. I
answer it freely, I am not in favor of bringing
up our establishment to the establishments ot
the Old World. The difference is so vast that
it proves at once that we are not attempting
an absurd and expensive rivalry.
As I have said, we have only eight thousand
five hundred men in our Navy. Now, 1 do not
suppose that any gentleman on this floor will
propose that we should cut down the pay of the
common sailors, the seamen in theUnited States
Navy. And as to numbers, Air. Chairman, in
any emergency which may arise from the com-
plications between our nation and foreign
Powers, any emergency requiring that new
ships should be fitted up, it would be impossi-
ble to send out upon the seas three additional
vessels all equipped and manned with the force
we have now. Therefore I assume, and I
think I am right in assuming, that no one will
be in favor of reducing the number of men.
Next, as to the officers, I know that many
complaints have been made by the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Morgan,] and other gentle-
men here, that the Navy is more than suffi-
ciently officered ; that it has more officers than
are required. Let us see how this is.
We have, Mr. Chairman, higher grades in
the Navy than we had before the war. So we
have in the Army. But, sir, just as much as
the national debt, just as much as the extinc-
tion of slavery, just us much as the overturn-
ing of certaininstitutions and habits of thought
were the inevitable result and sequence of the
war, so are the increased ranks and grades in
the military establishment of this country,
an inevitable result of the war. The war
brought to the front our military establish-
ments. The Republic depended upon the
Army and the Navy for the maintenance of its
cause. We started with a peace establish-
ment, and the additional grades and ranks
that were created followed from the achieve-
ments of the Army and Navy. And I know
of no man who at the time objected to the
rewarding of the officers who distinguished
themselves and earned their new ranks. So
we went up from captain to commodore, from
commodore to rear admiral, from rear admi-
ral to vice admiral, from vice admiral to ad-
miral. It was the only way in which we could
reward. We had no dukedoms to confer.
We had no palatial mansions to give. We
had no estates to settle upon our commanders
by sea and land.
We cannot present such instances as are
given in the history of nations abroad. We
cannot ennoble and enrich men as Wellington
and Marlborough were ennobled and enriched;
but we gave to Farragut the Admiralty, and
to Porter and Rowan tbe Vice Admiralty.
These offices expire with the lives of the
incumbents. The next rank is that of rear
admiral, and that, I maintain, is demanded by
the necessities of the service. T donot believe
in its being abolished. We need rear admi-
rals in command of squadrons, if we are to
maintain our rank as a naval Power with
foreign Governments, if we are to maintain
the rank and dignity of a great nation. A
rear admiral only receives a thousand dol-
lars a year more than was received formerly
by a captain in the Navy in command of a
squadron. We have but twenty-five commo-
dores on the active list. These positions are 1
filled by men who were formerly in the rank i
of lieutenants and captains, and who gained
distinction during the war.
Mr. MORGAN. Does the gentleman include
those on the retired list?
Mr. HALE. 1 am speaking only of those
on the active list, and that list is made up of
men, every one ofwhom won distinction during
tbe war by his acts.
Mr. MORGAN. To-day the number of rear
admirals upon the active list is fifty, and in
1859 the number of captains upon the active
list was eighty,
Mr. HALE. That is clearly a mistake in
numbers ; hut while we increased the number
of commodores and rear admirals, we have
actually thirty less captains to-day than there
were in 1859. _ Their pay in 1859 was $3,500
a year, with thirty-three per cent, added, which
was always allowed.
Mr. MORGAN. Do Iunderstand my friend
to say that the Government always allowed
them thirty three per cent,?
Mr. HALE. Always since Secretary Welles's
order.
Mr. MORGAN. I know the gentleman has
investigated this subject, but I have also done
so, and the thirty-three per cent, was allowed
by Secretary Welles as commutation for cer-
tain allowances which did not add a dollar to
the pay of the officers.
Mr. HALE. But it was put in money, in-
stead of any allowances.
Mr. MORGAN. I beg my friend's pardon
for interrupting him, but I know well that he
will not make a misstatement of facts. I de-
sire to ask him whether he means to say that
the allowances amounted to thirty-three per
cent.
Mr. HALE. I mean to say that, the basis
of thirty-three per cent, was fixed upon be-
cause the different allowances amounted to
that. If the gentleman will look to the letter
of Secretary Robeson, read here in the last
Congress, he will see that the paymeut was
made direct instead of indirect.
Now, as to commanders. The number of
commanders upon the active list to-day k
ninety; the number in 1859 was one hundred
and sixteen, a saving of twenty six in this
grade. The number of officers, including
the commanders, captains, and lieutenants of
the Navy, in 1859 was four hundred and fifty-
nine ; to-day there are but three hundred and
ninety-nine, a saving of fifty-six.
I pass thirdly, Mr. Chairman, to the vessels
The question is most important for the consid-
eration of Congress. It is a subject not under-
stood so well as I wish it was. Men see that
from the year 1862 to the year 1866, inclusive,
the amount of money put into the hands of
the Navy Department was neatly or quit-
three hundred and fifty million dollars, fhey
know that much of this went for supplies and
materials that were necessarily perishable.
Yet they know that vessel after vessel was
built and launched and put to sea, or built and
launched in ostensible readiness for sea, or
built in assumed readiness for launching, or
begun to be built. They know that full tcope
was given to a certain man for the trial of new
models and new inventions: they know that
when it was seen that iron vessels were njore
efficient and surpassed wooden vessels, iron
vessels were built without stint. They know
that when the monitor proved the destruciive-
ness of turreted vessels, carte blanche was given
for the building monitors. They know that
money was given to Mr. Welles and to Mr.
Fox without stint, and in sums that were
larger than the wildest imagination had ever
before conceived of in our national expendi-
tures. They know that Mr. Isherwood, the
engineer of the Secretary of the Navy, built
engines that would give steam and heat, and
take up space, and insure even thing but qjci d.
They know that he vex^d the wat^is of every
harbor in the country with his trials in compe-
tition with other inventors, until it finally
seemed that he had a commission to go out.
like Moore's lover, and "try inventions for
delight." They know that tbe money lor all
this was voted freely and trustingly, and they
want to know what has become of it. and thev
have a right to know. I am sorry to say tha't
investigation shows badly.
Give the Navy Department of that time all
credit for Hilton Head, for New Orleans, for
Mobile, and the fight off the coast of France,
where the Kearsarge sank the Alabama; give
it all credit for the blockad" of thousands of
miles of our coast, which helped to strangle the
rebellion; give Mr. Welles credit for the good
judgment that was displayed in bringing for-
ward naval officers that have given new luster
to our naval history. But in criticising bear in
mind that so far as this last consideration goe-.
it should have been cheaper to light a war with
good admirals than with poor ones, and so far
as ihe first consideration goes, that hardly a
vessel of ours was lost, in actual service with
the enemy, who had little or no navy compara-
tively.
