1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
loot
The question then comes up, what became
of the war navy ? Remember that during the
war the navy was brought up so that at one
time there were six hundred and fifty vessels
in the service owned by the Government of the
United States. Now, what has become of
them? Of course when the war ended many
of them had to be sold; there was no use for
them ; they were costly; it took money to take
care of them; they were not needed, for we
were at peace. The war had put us in a posi-
tion where we had conquered a permanent
peace. These vessels had been bought or
built during the war; they were not old ves-
sels ; many of them had undoubtedly been
built for the time only, but many should have
been built for the future. Mr. Isherwood did
not claim that he waa experimenting in put-
ting in his engines simply for the time being,
but that he was acting for the future and for
posterity.
Sir, with all this money at the disposal of
the Navy Department, I do not wonder that
gentlemen on the other side of this House
should have been interested in the question
of what has become of the American navy,
when they are told that we have 110 navy to-
day. I do not blame them for being skeptical
as to the good faith in which that money has
been expended; or if they believe it to have
been expended in good laith, I do not blame
them for hesitating to-day and thinking twice
before they vote money for more naval experi-
ments. The whole point of what 1 have been
saying is that the blame should fall where it
properly rests. If we have 110 navy now, and
if, as 1 think most gentlemen on this floor
will admit, we do need a respectable naval
establishment, then let us not grumble at any
expense that fs inevitable; let us see how we
can best obtain a navy, and whore the money
goes which we appropriate for this purpose
to-day.
What I am mainly interested in showing is
that the present expenditure of the Depart-
ment is not extravagant. I have given the
comparisons between to-day and the years
before the war. If it can be shown that the
expenditure with our present Navy, which we
must keep up, is reasonable, then the Commit-
tee 011 Appropriations is sustained in report-
ing this bill, and the Republican party is sus-
tained so far as this Depaitment goes ; and
although 1 am not, as gentlemen will see,
making in any way a paitisan speech, still it
bears upon the general question of the expend-
itures of the Government.
Now, let us see what became of Mr. Welles's
navy after he retired to private life. The last
report of the Secretary of the Navy shows that
in all there are left one hundred and seventy-
nine vessels of every class. More than four
hundred of the six hundred and fifty vessels
that Mr. Welles bought,equipped, or inherited
have gone. Some have decayed, some have
sunk; some have been sold. For those that
have been sold some money has gone into the
Treasury ; but the amount thus received has
been small compared with the money which
it cost to build them. I do not know the fate
of scores of others. I have not been able to
follow them. I do not know that to day they
are not upon the hands of the Department.
I know that to-day the Department is not
responsible for them. I know that the Admin-
istration is not responsible. I know that the
Republican party is not responsible. These
vessels have vanished. They have faded quite
away. They are not to be found. They are
sunk, decayed, lost, sold.
The fact which we have to deal with is that
the Navy, as reported by the Secretary, em-
braces one hundred and seventy-nine vessels
in all. For my own convenience, and for the
convenience of other members, I have had
these vessels classified, not as to the materials
of which they are built, their rates of speed,
or the motive power which impels them, but
as to their condition so far as present or future
use may be concerned. I take it that what
members want to know here more than any-
thing else, when their minds are brought to a
consideration of this subject, is how many ves-
sels in the Navy are good for something and
how many are good for nothing. I care more
about that than anything else.
I propose to show, Mr. Chairman, the result
of the classification. Of vessels at sea we have
thirty-six, including steam, sail, and iron-clad.
This is the sum total of our present Navy upon
the waters of the globe. This makes class
number one. The second class embraces ves-
sels that are suitable lor relief; m other words
vessels which can be fitted out from day to
day to take the place of vessels that have run
themselves out and are sent home for repairs.
These make class number two. They are ves-
sels suitable, when repaired, to be sent out
to keep up the number of naval vessels in our
squadrons. The number of this class is four-
teen. Then there is a third class, ranking
lower than the second—a class that is worth
repairing, worth fitting up upon an emer-
gency ; that is, if we should have war with
Spain, or if the little cloud in the sky that has
disturbed the minds of some men should grow
within the next few weeks or months, and
trouble should be impending with another
great Power, we could fit out and send these
vessels to sea more cheaply than we could
build new vessels. This is not a very promising
class, I know ; but still these vessels are worth
something. They number twenty- four, includ-
ing six upon the stocks. Down below any of
these classesthat.I have named is the class of
vi-ssels which are utterly worthless, which can
never repay any expenditure of money which
may be put upon them, and which are unfit for
repair. This class comprehends forty-six ves-
sels—vessels upon which hundreds and thou-
sands and millions of dollars have been spent,
and which to day are good for nothing except
what the mateiials may sell for. The balance
of the number is made up of store-ships, receiv-
ing-ships, school-ships, and others not strictly
war-vessels.
Now, in reckoning the American-Navy, in
looking at its size, we may throw out this last
class of forty-six. The vessels embraced in
that class arc good for nothing ; they had bet-
ter be sold to-morrow. These vessels have
machinery in them ; and it costs something to
keep machinery from rust and destruction ;
and this helps to use up the $18,000,000 that
the Navy Department expends.
For all practical purposes the next class of
twenty-four, with peace as I believe instead
of war looming on the horizon, might as well
be sold. 1 do not believe any good will come
of that class. 1 believe if we keep them the
money expended upon them will only go to
help to swamp our naval appropriations, and
they had better go with the others.
So, aside from these and the vessels not
distinctly war in their character it leaves
but fifty vessels to the American Navy. Mr.
Chairman, 1 believe if those vessels were good
vessels, in good repair, $15,000,000 would pay
the bills of the Navy Department, and we
would have a reduction of expenditure so much
clamored for, and in the call for which I ac-
<{uie:-ce-and with which I sympathize.
That would leave us fifty vessels ; let us see
what they are.
Mr. BANKS. Vessels to be kept in repair?
Mr. HALE. Fifty vessels, including all
those at sea, and which could be fitted out to
relieve those vessels when they came back.
What are these fifty vessels, and why is so
much money needed upon them? I can tell
gentlemen very plainly. It is eleven years
since war broke out. During the whole war
the attention of the Navy Department seems
to have been devoted to immediate necessities.
As I have said, I give the management their
fair credit for that, but I do censure it that
during that time, with all the extravagant ex-
penditure of the public money, some vessels
were not built that, when peace was declared,
would have been an honor to the Navy. Even
the good vessels that we had when- we entered
upon the war were allowed to go to decay, and
not at all kept in good repair, so that when the
war ended, and the present Administration
came in, it found a navy m the navy-yards and
in the harbors of the! country actually sinking
or sunk, and on the seas of the globe almost
ready to sink, Repairs had to be made, and
vessels had to be sent to relieve those which,
were called home for repairs.
Let us see how the money was expended.
Will gentlemen believe that the Navy Depart-
ment has been- obliged to put in one vessel,
the Pensacola, $700,000 of money in order to
put her in readiness for sea. She was one of
the best of our vessels, and it was deemed
cheaper to make these repairs than to build a
new vessel. I have some doubt about that,
however, but the Government, 1 suppose, like
men engaged in the commercial marine, where
good vessels required repair have begun with
repairs which they believed would only cost a
certain sum, but which have run up far beyond
that before they got through. Four per cent,
of the $18,000,000 in one single year were thus
put upon one vessel.
I have here a letter from the chief engineer
of the Navy Department giving his estimate of
the cost of future repairs in his bureau neces-
sary on certain vessels. He states that the
Minnesota of 2,912 tons will cost in repairing
$25,000; the Franklin of 3,173 tons, $90,000;
the Tennessee of 2,135 tons, $225,000; the
Benecia of 1,122 tons, $05,000; the Juniata
of 828 tons, $85,000; Monongahela of 960
tons, $140,000; Ossipee of 828 tons, $85,000;
liearsarge of 695 tons, $145,000; Mohican of
071 tons, $90,000; and the Dacotah of 695
tons, $250,000.
And here is a table showing some bills for
repairs in the past. The Shenandoah, a third
rate, cost $306,279 for repairs; the Lacka-
wanna, a third rate, cost $440,353; the Shaw*
mut, a fifth rate, cost $181,801; the Yantic, a
fifth rate, $150,000; the Ticonderoga, a third
rate, cost $301,203; the Wyoming, a third
rate, cost $348,988; the Iroquois, fourth rate,
cost $300,289; the Pensacola, second rate,
cost $745,005; the Richmond, second rate,
not, yet completed ; and the Brooklyn, second
rate, $528,956.
That, Mr. Chairman, is where so much of
the money goes. It was simply a question
with the head of the Navy Department, with
these vessels upon his bauds, with the respons-
ibility of maintaining a respectable navy, while
Congress refused to appropriate for new vessels,
what he should do wiih the money granted.
And no Secretary of the Navy within the
past four years has been able to make a fair,
candid estimate of what would be needed for
the coming year, except by taking into account
the needs of the several vessels; and that has
swamped the largest proportion of the appro-
priation.
Now, let me advert to another fact as bear-
ing upon the kind of vessels that we got out
of the war. It is an actual fact, Mr. Chairman,
that a scrutiny of all the vessels in the Amer
ican Navy during the past, year, to ascertain
which were the best, in the best state of effi-
ciency, the best for use, the best for the
purposes of their crews, the best in discipline,
the best in adaptation to the purposes to which
a naval vessel may actually be put, showed
this result: the four vessels which were selected
for special mention as the best vessels in the
Navy to-day were the Colorado, the Franklin,
the Richmond, and the Portsmouth, every one
of which came down to us troiu the time
befoie the war. The best vessels that we have
got to-day are the vessels that were built up to
the year 1861. We had when the war broke
out the finest vessels, I believe, on the face
