106
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
ing and interpretation would be clear, because
a brief reference to the history of its enact-
ment would render it conclusive that the object
of, the section was to accomplish by indirec-
tion what has since been directly accomplished
by the fifteenth amendment. But aa the sec-
tion stands, I confess its true and proper con-
struction is much complicated and by no means
clear. Equally honest and able minds may
reach different conclusions. The importance
of the subject is apparent at a glance, and,
guided by a settled principle in such cases, I
feel bound to favor a strict construction.
| Coming directly to the expression of my
own opinion, I have to remark that the pri-
mary aim and duty in construction of any
enactment should be to ascertain the true in-
tent and meaning of the framers and of the
people at the time it is made. The intent
must be gathered from the words, the context,
the subject-matter, the evils to be remedied,
the ends to be attained, the contemporaneous
condition and circumstances of the country,
and the effects and consequences of the enact-
ment.
The fourteenth amendment was declared
ratified on the 16th of June, 1866. Negro
suffrage did not then exist in the States. It
was denied by the States of the South. It
became the policy of the Republican party
and of Congress to require its adoption. The
party and Congress hesitated at first to pro-
pose to enforce it directly. Hence the resort
to the indiiect mode contained in the section
under consideration. Itis punitivein its char-
acter and object. It practically said to the
States, Grant negro suffrage, or your repre-
sentation here shall be reduced." It was the
application of a sort of force to the States to
compel them to accept the views of Congress.
It was then never pretended by any one, in or
oat of Congress, that this section was intended
to affect any States except such as might deny
suffrage to some cla-ses of its citizens on some
ground of race, color, nationality, or other
quality which inheres in and constitutes a part
of the identity or individuality of the voter, on
some ground which was a part of the man,
was permanent and fixed in his person, in
contradistinction from a mere regulation con-
cerning the exercise of the right, such as pre-
vious residence, or registration, or the pay-
ment of taxes. Such is the history of its
enactment.
It is proper further to appeal to contempo-
raneous construction in order to explain the
doubtful or ambiguous language used in this
section. It will thus appear that, after June
16, 1866, and long before the ratification of
the fifteenth amendment, several States of the
South were reorganized; new constitutions
were formed by them ; and those constitutions
were submitted to the Congress of the United
States for its ratification or approval. Those
constitutions involved many provisions which,
under the construction to day put upon the
second section of the fourteenth amendment,
are in direct conflict with it. Notably, the
constitution of the State of Georgia requires
that electors, before they shall be allowed to
vote, shall not only be registered, but shall
have paid a certain tax. Other constitutions
of the southern States contain somewhat simi-
lar but not quite the same provisions. Those
constitutions so framed and adopted by those
people have been approved by Congress ; they
have been by you in this House solemnly ad-
judged to be not only " republican in form,"
but also in entire harmony with the Constitu-
tion of the United States, including the four-
teenth amendment. It was never suggested
by way of objection to any of them that their
ratio of representation in this body ought to
be reduced because they required the citizen
to reside a certain length of time in the State
before voting, or to go and have himself regis-
tered or lose his vote, or to pay a small poll-
tax or be denied his vote. It was never inti-
mated against them that such regulatious of
suffrage by any such States amounted to a
denial or abridgment of the rights of suffrage
for other causes than participation in rebel-
lion, or for other crime.
On the 30th day of March, 1870, after nearly
all of these constitutions had been framed, the
fifteenth amendment was declared to have been
ratified by three fourths of the States of the
Union. Why was the fifteenth amendment
proposed to the States at all? I submit, Mr.
Chairman, that the entire and single object of
the fifteenth amendment was to accomplish by
more direct, effective, and speedy means the
very end proposed to be accomplished under
the second section of the fourteenth amend-
ment. The only difference is that under the
second section of the fourteenth amendment
it was proposed that by a sort of punitive regu-
lation in the Constitution of the United States
the States should be forced to grant suffrage to
all their people without any distinctions based
upon color or race or nationality, or any other
cause or qualities that inhere in and constitute
a part of the individuality of the voter. The
adoption of this policy was considered to be
too slow under the second section of the four-
teenth amendment. The States did not receive
very kindly the suggestion made in that section.
Some of the States were not willing to follow
it. They were willing possibly to suffer a re-
duction in their representation here rather than
voluntarily adopt universal suffrage. Hence,
the policy conceived and forced upon the coun-
try by the Republican majority in Congress, of
compelling by a fifteenth amendment the giv-
ing of suffrage to the negroes, was a practical
abandonment of this second section, as inef-
fective and insufficient to accomplish the estab
lishment of their policy on this subject iu the
South. Does not this latter amendment, there-
fore, in legal effect, supersede the second sec-
tion of the fourteenth amendment?
I have looked in vain through the entire
discussions that took place upon the fourteenth
amendment to find one single utterance from
the mouth of any gentleman on either side of
this House which indicates an understanding
in his mind at the time that the purpose of
this second section was to require the States
of this Union to surrender or cease to exer-
cise their constitutional right without any con-
sequent loss of representation here, to regulate
the manner in which the suffrage should be
enjoyed and exercised by their citizens, or to .
require that there should be certain previous
residence in the State, district, and voting pre-
cinct, or that there should be a previous regis-
tration of the voters, or a previous payment of
a poll-tax by the voter, or compliance with any
other domestic regulation intended to. regulate
suffrage, protect the ballot-box, secure the
purity of elections, and keep persons from
voting who are not bona fide residents and
citizens. Every State of the South and of the
whole country does these things, and no ques-
tion was ever before raised.
Viewing this section, then, in the light of
these contemporaneous acts and construc-
tions and expressions of opinion, intent, and
purpose, I hold it to be clear that the sole
object of this second section, both in the
minds of its framers and in the light of its
history and of sound reason, was and ought
now to be held to be merely to prohibit the
States of this Union from denying suffrage to
any class of their citizens on any ground of
race or color or nationality, or any other
quality which inheres in the person and con-
stitutes a part of the individuality of the voter.
This construction is consistent with the idea
of leaving some powers to the States, and not
entirely sponging them out, or reducing them
to mere slavish dependence on the will of
Congress.
When you give to the constitutional provis-
ion this construction, you make it easy for
the Congress of the United States to observe
and enforce it. So long as you have reference
alone to those limitations upon the right of
suffrage which arc of the character to which
I have referred, you find that the detei initia-
tion of the number of electors in each of the
States thus deprived of suffrage becomes not
only practicable but easy and simple.
The census takers can then have no trouble
in determining how many persons are denied
the right of suffrage, and on what grounds, of
race, color, nationality, or other cause per-
taining to or existing in the persons of the
voters. But if you hold, for example, that
no State shall require the payment of a poll-
tax as a condition-precedent to the exercise
of suffrage, and then a State, as it appears
now that the States of Georgia am? Pennsyl-
vania in fact do, declares that no citizen shall
vote until he pays the required tax, and you
attempt to determine the numbers of electors
whose right to vote is thus denied or abridged,
how will you proceed, and what rule will you
adopt? Will you say to those States that they
shall have no representation here, because the
right of suffrage of all their citizens is abridged?
Or will you attempt to ascertain the actual
numbers who do not or cannot pay the re-
quired tax, and then reduce the representa-
tive rights of those States in Congress in that
proportion? Or, take the State of Massa-
chusetts, in which there is an intelligence
qualification, and of Rhode Island, in which
there is a property qualification required of
voters. Will you attempt to ascertain how
many voters in those States do not possess the
requisite ability to read and write, or own the
required amount of property, and then reduce
their representation here proportionately?
But the men who cannot read and write
to-day may do so a week hence, or at the next
election; so the poor man may acquire the
requisite property. It appears to me that any
attempts of this kind would be most unsatis-
factory and unsafe modes by which to settle
the representation of a State in this House.
But if these forbidden disqualifications are lim-
ited to such as I have mentioned, the process
becomes easy and simple. It must not be in-
ferred that I approve the policy of the States
of Massachusetts and Rhode Island in the reg-
ulation of suffrage there. I do not, but I think
they retain the power so to regulate it with-
out violation of the second section of the
fourteenth amendment. I think this the better
and safer construction of it. If, under this
section, no disqualifications are considered as
forbidden except such as relate to lace, color,
nationality, or other quality of the person,
then there is no trouble, for these matters are
permanent, fixed, and palpable, and easily as-
certained. When a State requires of the
voter residence, payment of taxes, ownership
of some property, or previous registration, it
does not absolutely deny or abridge suff'age,
but only prescribes a mode by nhich the elector
shall come into the actual enjoyment of it,
shail exercise it, and leaves it always in the
power of the elector by compliance to attain
and exercise it. These regulations are iu the
nature of police regulations, and only touch
the^manner of enjoyment.
This construction, not free from doubt, I
agree, seems to}ne to be most in harmony with
the spirit of the whole Constitution, the par-
ticular language m this section, and the rights
and dignity of the States. It' secures to the
States the right to regulate their own domestic
policy according to their own judgment.
Mr. Chairman, this construction enables us
to proceed at once on the information we now
have to make a just and fair apportionment.
We need no d clay, no further statistics, n o angry
attack upon any States, no departure from the
golden rule of numbers in apportioning Repre-
sentatives to the several Stores. It best main-
tains relations of equality and ha/mony among
them. The statistics sen! us from the Census
Bureau of the number of persons in each State
