54
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 15,
Senate.
Sale of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Harlan.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
resolution of inquiry into the conduct of the
officials of our own Government.
Once more the preamble recites:
"Whereas the Secretary of War, under date of Jan-
nary 19,1872, addressed the following communica-
tion to tho Secretary of State:
Wak Department,
"Washington City, January IS, 1872.
Sib: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of a note from you of'the 4th instant, inclosing, by
France, a copy of a letter from Mr. Remington to
the president of the commission of armament at
Tours, containing a series of allegations in regard to
the purchase ot arms, &c.
The first of these allegationswhich seem to require
specific replies is, "cartridges for these forty thou-
sand will in a. great measure require to be made, as
request of Mr. de Bellounet, charge d'affaires of
the Government have but about three million on
hand, but the Government has consented to allow
the requisite number, four hundred for each gun,
to be made, and the cartridge-works have orders
(given yesterday) to increase production to the full
capacity of the works,. This question of making the
cartridges at the Government works was a.difficult
one to get over; but it was done."
In reply to that allegation, I have to say that on
the 13th of December, 1870, cartridges necessary to
supply about two hundred rounds per gun to the
model 1866 breech-loaders sold Thomas Richardson
were ordered to be manufactured at the Frankford
Arsenal, and this number of cartridges was necessary
to effect the sale of the arms. The Messrs. Reming-
ton & Sons did not buy any arms or -ammunition
from this Department after about the middle of
October, 1870, nor would any bid from them for such
articles have been entertained by the United States
subsequent to that date.
To the second prominent allegation which is con-
tained in the paper purporting to be a copy of a tel-
egram from Squire to Remington, and which is
herewith returned, I have the honor to reply that
this Department has no knowledge of any influence
exerted in favor of, or for the success of, any trans-
action between the United States land Mr. Squire,
for himself or Messrs. Remington & Sons.
Yery respectfully, your obedient servant,
WM. W. BELKNAP.
Secretary of War.
To the honorable the Secretary op State.
It would seem from this document that this
matter had become a subject of inquiry by the
French Government, and that application was
very properly made to the State Department
for information ; that the letter of inquiry was
referred to the Secretary of War; and this
letter purports to be the response of the Sec-
retary of War, from which it will be seen that
he states that no arms were sold to Remington
after it was "known to the Department that he
was the agent of the French Government; and
he also states that he knows of no person who
was entitled to the encomium pronounced by
Mr. Remington upon himself as having great
influence in that Department or in connection
with our Government.
But this is not the main point of my inquiry
in this connection. Whence did this letter
proceed? It purports to be a letter written by
the Secretary of War of the United States to
the Secretary of State of the United States;
and I state here that I have it from the lips of
the Secretary of War that he has furnished no
copy to anybody, and I read this morning a
letter from the Secretary of State, addressed
to the Secretary of War, stating that he had
furnished no copy except the one communi-
cated by him to the French legation. There
are therefore three authorized copies in ex-
istence, the office copy in the War Depart-
ment, the original letter sent to the Secretary
of State, and a copy transmitted by the Sec-
retary of State to the French legation near
our Government, and yet we find it as a part
of the preamble to this resolution proposing
investigation of the conduct of the high offi-
cials of our Government.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
is not unfamiliar with the intercourse of
nations with each other, and the rules that
ought to control it. He would be the very
first man to rebuke a breach of official eti-
quette had it been perpetrated by anybody
else. Somebody unauthorized by our Govern-
ment has put himself in communication with
the representative of the French Government
in order to obtain information to be used
against the head of a Department of his own
Government.
I not quite through yet. I read again from
the preamble:
Whereas it appears from these several communi-
cations, not only that arms were sold, but that am-
munition was manufactured in the workshops of
the United States Government and sold to one
Thomas Richardson, the known attorney of Messrs.
Remington & Sons, when tho bids of the latter had
been thrown out for the reason that they were the
agents of the French Government.
I read this paragraph from the preamble
for this purpose: I cannot believe that the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts would
intentionally misrepresent a fact, and yet I
submit to his candor whether he has not done
so in this paragraph. He says "the known
attorney of Messrs. Remington & Sons."
Known to whom and by whom as the attorney
of the Remingtons? The fair implication is
that the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts intended to make the impression that
the Secretary of War knew that Richardson
was the attorney of Remington.
Mr. CONKLING. Of course it was of no
consequence unless he knew it.
Mr. HARLAN. And yet we have in the
letter which the honorable Senator himself
publishes over the official signature of the Sec-
retary of War, the statement that he had sold
no arms to any known agent of the French
Government, and as far as the proof adduced
up to this period there is no evidence to the
contrary, except the naked statement of this
preamble and the reiteration of it in the hon
orable Senator's speech. If there is such evi
dence, is it not fair to conclude that it has been
derived from, that fountain of information to
which I have previously referred?
Once more 1 read from the preamble:
"Whereas a comparison of the accounts rendered
by the French Government for moneys expended by
its agents in the purchase of arms from the United
States, and the accounts rendered by the Govern-
ment of the United States for moneys received in
the same transaction show a large difference, which
seems to have given rise to the suspicion abroad
that United States officials have taken an undue
part therein.
I have sufficiently shown, I think, that the
allegation of discrepancy is not well founded,
and I call the attention of the Senate to this
paragraph for the purpose of inquiring where
is that French record which has been com-
pared with the record at the War Department,
and who made the comparison? I have not
been sufficiently fortunate to see a copy of the
French record, or the original. Where can
it be obtained? It may be remembered by
Senators that I pressed this point yesterday,
and asked the honorable Senator from Massa-
chusetts to state by whom this comparison had
been made. He said it had been made by a
book-keeper, and declined to give the name
of the expert.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Who employed him to
do it ?
Mr. HARLAN. That is a very pertinent
question. Who employed him to make the
examination; and where is the French record;
and where was this examination made; and
who has furnished the French record in order
that this comparison might be made between
that record and the record of the War Depart-
ment? Is it not very clear that somebody is
in unofficial communication with the French
Government ?
Mr. SUMNER. Why, Mr. President, I
held the record in my hand yesterday. It is
the report of M. Riant which will be found in
the official journal of the French Republic of
June 28—money paid by France.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator from
Massachusetts hand me that statement ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. HARLAN. Another newspaper state-
ment recited on the floor of the American
Senate, by the oldest member of this body as
the French record ! An attempt made to im-
pugn the official records of his own Govern-
ment by an extract from a newspaperpublished
in France!
Mr. EDMUNDS. This is the New York
Sun. [Laughter.]
Mr. HAHLAN. Still worse, if that be
within the range of moral possibility.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator will bear in
mind that it is a report of a French officer
published in the French official journal.
Mr. HARLAN. Copied in the Sun.
Mr. SUMNER. Copied in the Sun.
Mr. CONKLING Which "shines for all."
[Laughter.]
Mr. HARLAN. Very well. Now we know
the source of the information. Somebody in
France has published what he calls the French
record, or is supposed to have done it, and it
finds its way into an American newspaper by
the name of the Sun. Whether that is suffi-
cient authority for the grave arraignment of
a high official of our Government by an Amer-
ican Senator I leave for the American people
to decide. If he had no other means of in-
formation, no other source of evidence, no
reliable witness to verify a newspaper state-
ment, he must decide for himself whether that
justifies him in bringing in this arraignment.
But I am not quite through yet. I come
now to the text of the resolution itself:
Resolved, That a select committee of seven be
appointed to investigate all sales of ordnance stores
made by the Government of the United States dur-
ing the war between EYance and Germany ; to ascer-
tain the persons to whom such sales wei e made, the
circumstances under which they were made, and
the real parties in interest, and the sqms respect-
ively paid and received by the real parties; and
thattne committee have power to send for persons
and papers; and that the investigation be con-
ducted in public..
Apart of the inquiry thus proposed, it seems
to me, would be legitimate ; but if the object is
merely to ascertain whether American officials
have been guilty of malfeasance or misieasance
in office, why is this inquiry to be confined to
the exact period of the duration of the war
between France and Germany? Why is it to
be narrowed down to a few months, and the
inquiry confined to the sales and circumstances
ot sales during that brief period, if there is no
ulterior object?
But again, this committee is to be instructed
to ascertain the persons to whom such sales
were made. That, I think, would be legiti-
mate and proper. '"The circumstances under
which they were made"—a perfectly appro-
priate inquiry; "and the real parties in inter-
est." That raises my suspicion. Why should
we care whether the purchaser were a pur-
chaser on his own account or on commission
for somebody else? Is it any matter of inter-
est to the Government of the United States
whether the merchant be a merchant ou his
own account or a commission merchant? And
once more: "and the sums respectively paid
and received by the real parties."
1 can perceive why we should want to know
the exact suras paid by the purchasers to our
Government; but why should we inquire into
the respective sums received by the purchasers
from their consignee? Here the proposed
committee* is required by this resolution to
inquire what sales were made, to whom they
were made, the circumstances of the sales,
and tho amount received by our Government,
all of which would be legitimate, but in addi-
tion the resolution demands that the commit-
tee shall ascertain what the purchaser did with
his goods ; what he received when he sold them.
And here you have the animus. It is said that
" truth will out." Here, then, in the very text
of the resolution itself, is internal evidence of
the motive of this inquiry. Chambrun, the
agent or attache of the French legation here,
