1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
42d Cong....2d Sbss.
Cuban Belligerency—Mr. Cox.
Ho. of Keps.
and as stated in debate the attorney for FrSnce,
desires to prosecute Remington & Sons for
some claim that the French Government pro-
fess to hold against this firm, and in order to
do so successfully it is important for them to
find out of whom he purchased and what he
paid. They wish to trace the goods from his
hands back through all intermediates to the
first vender. And this resolution has been
carefully worded so as to enable them to ac-
complish it through the instrumentality of the
Senate committee. They want the whole record
made up in order to see whether Remington &
Sons are honest men or not, whether they
accounted honorably to the French Govern-
ment, their employers, in their supposed trans-
actions. I inquire whether it is proper for the
Senate of the United States to lend itself to
the French legation for such a purpose ?
I am aware the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts made an appeal yesterday in
favor of this investigation, on the ground that
suspicions had been thrown out against the
Government of the United States, insisting
that it ought to exonerate itself. Sir, has it
come to this, that individuals and Government
must prove themselves honest by means of an
investigating committee? I had supposed that
the reverse was the correct rule as understood
in the courts of the country, as well as in
morals. The individual who brings a charge
against another must prove it, or suffer in his
own reputation. It his business to make good
his charge. The innocence of the assailed it
taken for granted. The honor of our Govern-
ment must be presumed. It is the business
of the assailant to show fraud, and not an
obligation, either legal or moral, on the Gov-
ernment of the United States to show that it
is honest.
But, sir, there would be some apology for
this proposed inquiry for the benefit of France
if the French Government were totally without
means of redress;, if there were no other ac-
cessible mode of inquiry, if the ends of justice
might be defeated should the Senate refuse to
engage in this humiliating inquiry. But this
is not true. In the second section of the third
article of the Constitution of the UnitedStates
will be found the following language:
" The judicial power shall extend to all cases, in
law and equity, arising under tbis Constitution, the
laws of the United States, and treaties made, or
which shall be made, under their authority; to all
eases affecting embassadors, other public ministers,
and consuls; to all cases of admiralty and maritime
jurisdiction; to controversies to which the United
States shall bo a party ; to controversies between
two or more States; between a State and citizens
of another State; between citizens of different
States ; between citizens of the same State claiming
lands under grants of different States, and between
a State, or the citizens thereof, and foreign States,
citizens or subjects."
It will be seen from this.section of the Con-
stitution of the United States that the judicial
power is extended to cases arising " between
a State, or the citizens thereof, and foreign
States, citizens or subjects."
I apprehend it will be conceded by every-
body that if the Government of France has a
just claim against Remington & Sons on con-
tract, it can bring suit for it and recover in the
courts of the United States. Probably nobody
will call this in question. If anybody should
doubt it, I might cite the records of the pro-
ceedings of the Supreme Court of the United-
States itself in a very recent case, and as it is
a French case, perhaps I shall be justifiable
in citing it.
The Sapphire, (11 Wallace, 164,) decided at
the December term, 1870, of the United States
Supreme Court, was a suit brought by the
Emperor Napoleon III in admiralty. Pend-
ing the suit lie was deposed and the new Gov-
ernment continued to prosecute the claim. It
was held that the Constitution authorizes a
foreign State to sue in the United States
courts, and that as the Einperor Napoleon was
only a representative of the French nation, the
suit did not abate by his deposition. The
court also refer to the numerous suits brought
by our Government in the English courts since
the rebellion.
It will be seen that I am not wrong in sup-
posing that the French Government is not
without means of redress. It has brought
suits in our courts heretofore. They have
availed themselves in other cases. The one
I have cited was commenced in the name of
Napoleon III. It was prosecuted to a suc-
cessful issue by his successor. Now, I inquire
again, why shall the American Senate lend
itself to the French legation near our Govern-
ment for the purpose of enabling them to
prosecute a claim successfully against, one of
the agents of the French Government, a res-
ident in and a citizen of a State of the Union?
Why not remit them to their rights in the
courts under our law, where we have been
compelled to go ourselves when we have had
claims against the subjects of other Govern-
ments?
Mr. EDMUNDS. We brought one suit in
France in the court of cassation.
Mr. HARLAN. I am now informed by the
honorable Senator from Vermont that we have
brought suits in the courts of France. If our
Government is compelled to approach the
portals of the courts of France and England
and other great Powers for the purpose of
securing redress against private parties who
may have wronged this Government, why
should the Senate stoop to make itself the
prosecuting attorney for the representative of
the French Government, when it may be desir-
able on the part of the Government to pros-
ecute a delinquent agent? The whole animus
of this transaction is perfectly clear, if it has
no political significance. An intimation made
in this debate that this proposed inquiry had
probably some political significance, it was
repelled by the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts in terms so positive as to amount
almost to a rebuke. Tliathe had no such pur-
pose whatever, is therefore settled. This is
clear from the manner in which he repelled
the intimation. Then, if it is not brought
forward for the purpose of weakening the
Administration, if there was no political pur-
pose underlying this transaction, then I must
suppose I have given the correct solution. I
am sustained in this conclusion by the per-
sonal interest manifested by,the members of
the legation to which I have referred, if indeed
such support were needed.
Does not the real motive crop out in every
paragraph of this preamble? Does it not crop
out in the official papers that are copied, or
which purport to have been copicd? Does it
not crop out in the very language of the reso-
lution itself? It is to aid France in prose-
cuting Remington. France has access to our
courts. Let France, if she has a cause, go
into the courts. Let France go where citizens
of the United States are compelled to go.
Let France go where States of this Union have
to go when they have causes of complaint
against each other. Let France go where the
Government of the United States has to go
when it has cause of complaint against sub-
jects of other Powers. Let us remit the
French to their legal rights before our legal
tribunals, and their wrongs will be righted, if
they have wrongs to redress. _ I would feel
humbled as a member of this Senate if it
should lend itself for such a purpose. I can
vote for this resolution if stripped of its pre-
amble, and so corrected in phraseology as to
confine it to a legitimate parliamentary inquiry.
Not because I believe such inquiry necessary
to correct any existing wrong. I do not doubt
that both Departments, War and Treasury,
are honestly administered. I shall so vote to
avoid public misapprehension.
Cuban Belligerency.
SPEECH OF HON.S.g.GOX,
or new york,
In the House of Representatives,
February 17, 1872.
The House met for debate as in Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. COX, Mr. Speaker, I take this as my
only opportunity to present certain views, in
consideration of my resolution and its pre-
amble as to the recognition of Cuban belliger-
ency.
My remarks are not only in the interest of
legitimate commerce, but in the line I have
carefully marked out as a student of inter-
national law.
I am the more anxious to present these
views because the resolutions I have offered are
sleeping, I fear, too drowsily in the Foreign
Affairs Committee. Indeed, the resolutions I
offered for information as to cooly enslave-
ment is also sleeping in the same snug quar-
ters. Notwithstandingthe outrages on Amer-
ican citizens upon the island ot Cuba; not-
withstanding the edict of Valmaseda, com-
mitting to unmitigated slavery the coolies
who have been indentured on that island, of
which there is abundant proof in the State
Department; notwithstanding the unredressed
wrongs upon the Florida and other vessels of
our citizens, there seems to be a lethargy here
on this topic, so unusual in so important a mat-
ter, that I propose to draw to it the attention
of Congress.
Loving the island of Cuba as a rare and
wonderful portion of our star, knowing the
vicissitudes of its history, feeling the indig-
nation as a man, almost, I might say, as a
boy, " who is father to the man," against the
horrible massacre of American citizens and
Cuban students, by the nation whose flag is a
river of blood between banks of gold ; believ-
ing that the welfare of the present and rising
generation in Cuba depends on the action of
this nation, I propose to vindicate by a con-
cise statement the resolution I offered. It is
now before the Foreign Affairs Committee,
and it sleeps there as serenely as if there were
no crimes against the law of nations-committed
in Cuba, as if there were no outrages against
childhood, humanity, and God, illustrated by
the fiends, who, under the name of volunteers,
rule the rule of Spain to make a hell of that
Paradise of islands.
I will take up my resolution and endeavor
to explain the preamble seriatim:
Whereas the inhabitants of a portion of tho king-
dom of Spain, to wit, the island of Cuba, have been
waging war against Spain for their independence for
a period of now more than three years, the existence
of which war has been and is acknowledged by Spain
in sundry public acts and documents.
There is not a man, woman, or child in the
United States who does not know that a civil
war has been waged in Cuba for over three
years.
Spain states the fact in official documents.
She has sent over eighty thousand soldiers to
suppress it. She confesses it by losing over
thirty thousand men, and she is still send-
ing men. This Administration has stated it
officially, (see letter of Mr. Fish to General
Sickles, June 19, I860, Forty-First Congress,
second session, Executive Document No. 160,
page 16.) The war is of such a nature that
the murder of eight young lads at Havana,
six hundred miles from the scene of actual
conflict, and the condemnation of thirty-four
others to the chain gang, are approved by
Spain as a military necessity.
Further, Spain admits the war an a our right
to concede belligerency by overhauling our
merchant vessels at sea, under color of the
provisions of the treaty of 1795, after being
