1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2795
is in chains. It is our duty to stay here and
vote on the resolution and decide the question
at ouce. This is a matter of great principle
about which there should be no trifling. Gen-
tlemen should not say tbey cannot spend time
to come here to-night, and consider it.
Mr. RANDALL. I insist on my motion to
adjourn.
Mr. BANKS. I wish to say to my col-
league 
[in the midstof great confusion Mr. Banks,
Mr. Randall, and Mr. Dawes engaged in a
very earnest colloquy which was not heard by
the reporter.]
The SPEAKER. It was very apparent to
the Chair from the manner of gentlemen that
they were indulging in a colloquy which ought
not to appear in the Globe, and by constantly
rapping his gavel he has prevented the reporter
from hearing it. [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts indulges in irony he must take
what he gets. I now insist on my motion to
adjourn.
enrolled bills.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that they had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the follow-
ing titles ; when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 1544) for the relief of
Martin Watkins, of East Windsor,Connecticut;
An act (H. R. No. 1866) for the relief of
Mrs. Francis A. McKmney ;
An act (S. No. 878) granting a pension to
the minor children of Amanda M. Ritehey ;
An act (S. No. 879) granting a pension to
Mary Armstro-ng; and
An act (S. No. 894) granting a pension to
the minor children of Frederick F. Dayton,
deceased.
quapaw indians.
.The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Sec-
retary of the 1 nterior, in relation to an appro-
priation for land ceded to the United States by
the Quapaw Indians; which was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, and ordered to
be printed.
subordinate oi't'kjers of customs.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous con-
sent, laid before the House a letter from the
Secretary of the Treesury, transmitting the
draft of a bill to facilitate the taking of an
oath of office by subordinate officers of the
customs ; which was referred to the Committee
of Ways and Means, and ordered to be printed.
new oltleans w1ia11f property.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a letter from the Secre-
tary of the Interior, in compliance with a re-
quest of the Committee on Military Affairs, in
relation to t.he New Orleaus wharf property ;
which was referred to the Committee on Ap-
propriations, and ordered to be printed.
lbavk op absence.
By unanimous consent,
Mr. STRONG was granted leave of absence
for four days;
Mr. HARRIS, of Mississippi, was granted
leave of absence for fifteen days ;
Mr. WILLIAMS, of New York, was granted
leave of absence for seven days ; and
Mr. CREBS was granted an extension of
his leave of absence for ten days, on account
of the sickness of himself and family.
mary a. st0nef1kld.
On motion of Mr. LAMISON, by unan-
imous consent, leave was given to withdraw
from the iiies ot the House -the papers in the
case ot Mary A. Stonerield, with House reso-
lution No. 1964, Forty-First'Congress.
central pacific railroad
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. Mr. Speaker,
on yesterday 1 was unavoidably detained at
my home. If I had been present I should have
voted, as I did on a previous occasion, against
what is known as the " Goat Island " -bill, and
I should also have voted for the amendments
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Holm an.]
municipal court for the district.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, asked to
have entered upon the Journal a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the House on
yesterday referred to the Committee for the
District of Columbia Senate bill No. 687, to
provide a municipal court for the District of
Columbia, and for other purposes.
navy department.
Mr. BLAIR, of Michigan, from the select
Committee of Investigation into the Affairs of
the Navy Department, reported the testimony
taken by the committee; which was ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
alleged outrages in the south.
Mr. POLAND, from the joint select Com-
mittee upon Alleged Outrages in the late In-
surrectionary States, reported the testimony
taken before the committee; which was
ordered to be printed, and to lie on the table.
order of business.
Mr. DAWES. I now move that the House
take a recess until half past seven o'clock this
evening.
Mr. RANDALL. I insist on my motion
that the House do now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The question is first on
the motion to adjourn.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
03, noes 79.
Mr. BANKS. I demand the yeas and nays.
I hope the House will rebuke this indecent
attack on the aedou of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
[A remark here by Mr. Dawes, and a further
remark by Mr. Banks, were inaudible to the
reporters, in consequence of the loud knocking
of the Speaker's gavel, calling members to
order.]
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 64, not
voting 91; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Acker, Archer, Arthur, Banks,
Biggs, Bingham, Austin Blair, James G. Blair,
Boles, George M. Brooks, Buckley, Buflfmton, Benja-
min F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, Cobb, Cotton,
Davis, Dickey, Box. Duell, Eames, Forker, Henry
D. poster, Garrett, Golladay, Griffith, Hambleton,
Ilancock, Ilandley, Hanks, Harper, Hay, John W.
II azoliou, Hereford, Hibbard, llolman, Houghton,
Ivillmger, Lamison. Lewis,Manson, Marshall, May-
nard, McCormick, Mclntyre, McJunkin, Merely,
I Mercur, Morphis, Leonard Myers, Negley, Niblack,
1 Packer, Eh Ferry, Peters, Prindle, Randall, Read,
Edward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, William R. Roberts,
Rogers, Sui gent, Sherwood, Shober. Shoemaker,
Slater, John A. Smith, R. Milton Speer, Sprague,
Stevens, Storm, Sutnerland, Swann, Tjffe, Wash-
ington Townsend, Turner, Tuthill. Twichell, Tyner,
Voorhees. Whitthorne, Jeremiah M. Wilson, Wood,
• and Young—85.
XAYS —Messrs. Ambler, Ames, Avenll, Barber,
Beck, Bell, Bigby, Bird, Braxton, Bright, Burchard,
Ooghlan, Conger, Criteher, Dawes, Donnan, Duke,
Bunnell, Elliott, Finkelnburg, Wilder D. Foster,
Frye, Garfield, Goodrich, Hale, Halsoy, Harmer,
John T. Harris, Havens, Hawley, Gerry W. Hazel-
ton, Hoar, Kcllcy, Kellogg, Kerr, Ketcham, Lansing,
Lowe, McCrary, McGrew, Merriam, Mouroe, Pack-
ard, Palmer, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Perce, Raincy,
Ritchie, Ellis H.Roberts, Rusk, Sct>field, Sessions,
Shanks. H. Boardman Smith, Snyder. Starkweather,
Terry, Upson, Vaughan, Wakeman, Waluron, Wii-
lard, and Williams of Indiana—64.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams. Barnum, Barry.
Beatt.y, Beveriuge, James Brooks, Burdett, Cald-
well, Campbell, Carroll, William T. Clark, free-
man Clarke, Coburn, Comingo, Conner, Cox, Crebs,
Creely. Crocker. Crossland, Darrall, De Large, Du
Bose, Eldredge, Ely, Fa.rnsworth, Farwell, Charles
Foster, Gets, Haldeman, George E. Harris, Hays,
Herndon, Hill, Hooper, Kendall. King, Kinsella,
Lamport. Leach, Lynch, McClelland, McHenry,
McKee, McKinney, Merrick, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Mitchell, Moore, Morey, Morgan, Orr, Hosea \V.
Parker, Pendleton, Aaron F.Perry. Piatt, Poland,
Porter, Potter, Price, Robinson, Roosevelt, Saw-
yer, Seeley, Sheldon. Shellabarger, Sloe-urn, Sluss,
Worthmgfon C. Smith, Snapp, Thomas J. Speer,
Stevenson, Stoughton, Stowell, Strong. 6t. John,
Sypher( Thomas, Dwight Townsend. Van Trump,
Waddell. Walcien, Wallace. Walla, Warren, Wells,
Wheeler, Whiteley, Williams of New York, John
T. Wilson, and Winchester—91.
So the motion was agreed to.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. STEVENSON said: On this question
I am paired with Mr. Poland, of Vermont.
If he were here, he would vote "no,'' and I
would" vote " ay." [Laughter.]
The result of the vote was then announced
as above recorded.
And accordingly (at-five o'clock and fifteen
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees :
By Mr. BUCKLEY : The petition of Daniel
J. Melvine, a citizen of Alabama, asking the
removal of political disabilities imposed by the
fourteenth article of amendments to the Con-
stitution.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The petition of
Thomas Almy and 54 others, citizens of Fall
River, Massachusetts, praying legislation for
the protection of walrus in the Arctic seas.
By Mr. COGHLAN : The petition of Ed-
ward Naughton, M. J. Wright, and 500 others,
citizens of Vallejo, California, praying the
enactment into a law of the bill allowing to-
tally and partially disabled soldiers increased
pensions.
By Mr. KENDALL: The remonstrance of
superintendents of different mines, represent-
ing all the ore-producing mines upon the Com- <
stock lode, against any iurther assistance from
the Government to the Sutro Tunnel Company.
By Mr. KERR: The memorial of D. W. C.
Thomas, H. D. Henderson, James Buynes,
and 110 others, citizens of Washington county,
Indiana, asking the enactment of the bill (H.
R. No. 17S8) allowing totally and partially
disabled soldiers and seamen increased pen-
sions.
' By Mr. MAYNARD: The memorial of Mrs.
Altimirah Bronson. praying Congress to grant
her arrears of pay and bounty due her deceased
husband, Enoch Bronson, of company D. first
Tennessee light artillery.
By Mr. McCRARY: The petition of A.
Bunker and-300 others, citizens of Washington
county, Iowa, praying the passage of House
bill No. 1788, allowing totally and partially
disabled soldiers and seamen increased pen-
sions.
By Mr. RICE, of Kentucky: The petition
of L. C. Diis, of Pike county, Kentucky, ask-
ing pay as private soldier, &c., tor ihe time he
was held as prisoner by confederate military
authority.
By Mr. WALDRON : The petition of R. A.
Watts and 250 others, citizens of Adiian,
Michigan, asking the passage of House bill
No. 1738, which provides for increase of pen-
sions to permanently disabled soldiers.
IN SENATE.
Friday, April 26, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. P. New-
man, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
ISLAND OF YiSRBA BUENA,
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the bill (H. R. No. 1553) relating to
the Central Pacific Railroad Company; which
was read the first time by its title.
Mr. COLE and Mr. STEWART rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This bill came
from the Committee on the Pacific Railroad
in the House ot Representatives, and the Chair
will recognize the Senator from Nevada, the
chairman of the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
Mr. COLE, Let it go over,
j Mr. STEWART. 1 move that it be read
i the second time and referred to the Comroit-
| tee on the Pacific Railroad.
! The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
I from California objects to its being read a
