1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3691
citizens of the United States had lost their
property and some of them their lives. Mr.
Morse was sent out upon this arduous, expen-
sive, and, in fact, dangerous mission. He
accomplished it successfully, and to the entire
satisfaction of the Government. I think it
unnecessary to say more. I call for the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading. Being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third time, and
Mr. PACKARD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
T. H. HOLDEKNESS.
Mr. I)TJELL. I move that the Committee
of the Whole on the Private Calendar be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
bill (H. E. No. 2570) for the relief of T. H.
Holderncss, owner of the British ship Duke
of Edinburgh, and that the House proceed to
the consideration of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was read. It authorizes and directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to T. EC.
Holderness, owner of the British ship Duke
of Edinburgh, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, the aum of
$3,350 45, for reimbursement of amount ex-
pended by him in repairing injuries to that
vessel, received by collision with the United
States steamer General McPherson.
Mr. HOLMAN. As this is a measure out
of the usual order of things, I ask that the
report be read.
The report was read. It states that from
the papers in the case it appears that on the
1st of February, 1860, the British ship Duke
of Edinburgh, owned by Mr. T. H. Holder-
ness, was proceeding in tow out of the harbor
of San Francisco, and was run into by the
General McPherson, a steamer owned by the
quartermaster's department of the United
States, the officers and crew of which steamer
were hired aud paid by the Government. The
ship Duke of Edinburgh was towed back to
San Francisco in a disabled condition. The
costs occasioned to the owner by this accident
amount, as claimed, to $3,523 50, upon which
interest is claimed.
The claim was submitted to the Second
Comptroller, who rejected it on the sole
ground that the Treasury Department had no
jurisdiction, but recommended that the claim
be presented to Congress, as that body alone
had power to allow payment of the claim.
General M. C. Meigs, Quartermaster Gen-
eral, in transmitting the claim to the Third
Auditor of the Treasury, under the date of
November 4, 1869, says:
It appears that on the morning of February 1,
1869, the United States steamer General McPherson,
when off the Alcatraz Island, California, making the
usual trip from Angel Island, attempted to cross the
bow of the British ship Duke of Edinburgh, out-
ward bound, in tow of the steam-tug Goliah, and in
so doing struek a hawser connecting the ship with
the tug and drifted across the bows of the ship,
causing considerable damage to both vessels.
The ship was towed back to San Francisco in a
disabled condition. A survey was_held on the ves-
sel, and she was partially repaired in San Francisco
at a cost of 8671 in coin.
She was detained at that port eight days in conse-
quence of this collision, for which a charge for de-
murrage is made at the rate of $160 per day, amount-
ing to $1,280 in coin.
Other expenses were incurred by the master of the
ship in San Francisco, in repairing and placing her
in condition for service, such as towage, boat hire,
pilotage, port, * * * * and superin-
tending repairs, &c.
On ner arrival in Liverpool it was ascertained that
she had sustained injuries to the metal sheath-
ing of her hull, and additional repairs wereputupon
her amounting to £1,129 45in coin.
It will be observed that a charge is made for ser-
vices of Captain Waterman, United States marine
surveyor of tile port of San Francisco, in superin-
tending repairs, appraising, and making reports,
amounting to sixty dollars in coin. As that person
appears to be an officer of the Government, and is
paid a regular salary for his services in that posi-
tion, I do not think the above amount can be legally
allowed, nor do I consider that ho should demand
payment from the owners of the ship for his services
in this case.
Ibe item of commission, amounting to $53 05,
should also be rejected.
Credit should be given the Government for value
of damaged hawser, estimated to have been worth
twelve pounds sterling. With the foregoing deduc-
tions I recommend that the claim be allowed,
Further evidence, if required, can be obtained
from Messrs. Fafkner, Bell & Co., agents, or Brevet
Major General Robert Allen, assistant quarter-
master general, San Francisco, California.
M. C. MEIGS,
Quartermaster General,
Brevet Major General United States Army.
The committee state as their opinion that
the claimant is entitled to the payment of this
claim; and, after making the deductions re-
ferred to in the communication of the Quar-
termaster General, they find that the sum of
$3,350 45 is due, and they report a bill for
that amount, and recommend its passage.
Mr. BANKS. This case was thoroughly
examined by the committee, and the claim is
undoubtedly just. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered; and under the
operation thereof the bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DUELL moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JAPANESE INDEMNITY FUND.
Mr. BANKS, from the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, reported back, with a recommend-
ation that it pass, the bill (H. R. No. 2798)
to" release the Government of Japan from the
payment of the balance of the indemnity fund
remaining unpaid, amounting to $375,000,
under the convention of October 22, 18G4.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Pres-
ident of the United States to absolve and
release the Government of the empire of
Japan from the payment of the balance,
amounting to $375,000, of the indemnity due
to the United States under the convention
between the United States, Great Britain,
France, and Holland, of the one part, and
Japan of the other, signed at Yokohama on
the 22d of October, 1864, and from the pay-
ment of any interest which may be due on that
balance.
The second section makes it the duty of the
Secretary of State to communicate officially
to the Government of Japan information of
the action of the President under and by vir-
tue of the authority hereby given.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, this is an im-
portant bill; and I shall not press it against
the general judgment of the House; but as
members appear to be in good humor, and as
the Committee on Foreign Affairs believe that
there is great merit in this proposition, I hope
the House will give it favorable consideration.
This bill was transmitted from the State
Department, and its passage is recommended
by the Government. In 1854 Commodore
Perry made a treaty with Japan, by which the
ports of Simoda and Hakodadi, after having
been closed for nearly two hundred years, were
opened for the first time to the commerce of
theUnited States. Commodore Perry entered
into a second convention in 1857, and a com-
mercial treaty was negotiated in 1858 by Mr.
Townsend Harris, by tbe provisions of which
additional ports were opened to the commerce
of theUnited States, until at last Americans
were entitled to the freedom of the empire, our
diplomatic officers and our merchants were
allowed to reside at Yedo, the commercial
capital, where they have since continued to
reside. A very satisfactory and advantageous
arrangement in regard to commerce between
the two countries was entered into, and has
been maintained without serious interruption
on the part of the Government up to the pres-
ent time. It is not necessary for me to speak
of the importance of this commerce at present
or in the future.
Gentlemen of the House understand that
subject perfectly well. Other questions con-
cern us at this moment.
There was a strong party protesting in the
most earnest manner against these liberal,
almost revolutionary, yet progressive changes
made in the constitution and Government of
Japan, where for two hundred years there had
been an utter exclusion of the outer world
from all participation iu trade and from ac-
cess to the merchants of Japan. Slight and
unimportant exceptions had been made in
favor of the Portuguese and Dutch merchants,
who had been permitted to send one or two
vessels each year into the adjacent waters, but
with very limited trade and no intercourse
with the people. • This party assumed a posi-
tion of determined hostility to the new policy
of the Government of Japan. The prince of
Nagato, the leader, was one of the principal
damios, representing the aristocratic or feudal
chiefs of the country. Prince Nagato rallied
to his support the lower classes of the people,
those who had the strongest prejudice against
foreigners. Great commotions ensued. One
of the officers of the British legation was
assassinated.
The principal silk and tea merchants of
China were assailed and some of them killed
by the rebel party. The prince of Nagato at
length fortified the position at Simonoseki,
a small town at the entrance to the great inner
sea, where the principal commerce of the
country is transacted. He defended it against
al) comers, against the Government, of Japan,
and all Powers having treaties with that Gov-
ernment.
At this time, 1863 and 1864, treaties had
been made by the Governments of the United
Slates, Great Britain, France, the Nether-
lands, Prussia, and some other European
States. The prince of Nagato having posses-
sion of these fortifications, and having in his
custody the mikado, the spiritual head of the
Government of Japan—the Government hav-
ing two heads, the tycoon being in command
of the administrative forces, and the mikado
being the spiritual chief for the time—the
prince of Nagato having in his custody the mi-
kado, or spiritual chief, alleged that no treaty
could be valid unless it had the consent of
the mikado. In 1863 the fortifications at
Simonoseki opened fire upon an American
trading ship, the Pembroke; and the Wyom-
ing, an American frigate, entered into a very
spirited action with the forts and Japanese
vessels.
In 1864 the Governments of Great Britain,
France, the Netherlands, and the United States
entered into an alliance, with the consent and
cooperation of the acting Government of Japan.
They made war on those forts, destroyed (hem,
captured the prince of Nagato. the rebel chief,
and compelled him to pay a large sum of money
in consideration of the damages which those
Governments had sustained. This indemnity
amounted to $3,000,000. It was to be paid in
installments. The Government of Japan did
one thing which might serve as a lesson for
other nations. Instead of making war on the
rebels after their overthrow ; instead of exe-
cuting tbe prince of Nagato, the chief of the
rebels, it assumed his debt, and agreed to
become responsible to the treaty Powers for
the indemnity he had assumed. The Gov-
ernment took the partisans of the prince of
Nagato into its service, and in the succeeding
struggles for the reestablishment of the Gov-
ernment up to this day both the Government
and the rebels have acted together. The lead-
ing men of both parties have been in this city
and in other parts of the country studying our
institutions and laws, and seeking, with the
united support of the people, to plant their
