2796
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
second time to-day, and desires it to go over.
It has been read the first time.
Mr. STEWART. Then let it be printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be printed,
and go on the Calendar to be called up'again.
citizens in oregon1.
Mr. CORBETT. I .ask the Senate to take
up Senate bill No. 695, subject to the morning
business. It is important that that bill should
be disposed of.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish to know of the
Senator if that bill will take much time?
Mr. CORBETT. No, sir, it will not take
any time.
Mr. SUMNER. How much time will it
take?
Mr. CORBETT. Not over five minutes.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a bill which I
wish to £et up this morning; the bill to secure
equal rights in the schools of this District.
Mr. CORBE IT. This bill will take no
time. If it does, I will withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill will be taken up subject to
the morning business. The Senator from Ore-
gon states that he will give way to the morning
business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We might as well let
him have the bill passed at this moment as at
any other time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Vermont suggests that the bill probably
might be considered at this time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am sure there is no
objection to it from anybody. It can be passed
right away.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the bill will be reported subject to
objection
The Senate, us in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 095) to
extend the rights of ctlizcnship to certain per-
sons hoi n in the territory of Oregon previous
to the yenr 184(1.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It is only necessary to
read the substitute.
The Committee on the Judiciary reported
the bill with an amendment, to strike out, the
preamble and all after the enacting clause of
the bill and insert the following:
That all persons burn in the district of country
iiniucrly known as tho Territory of Oreson, nnd sub-
ject, to tlio jurisdiction of tho United States at this
timo, (ire oiti'/.ons of the United States in the same
manner as if born olsowhore in the United States.
The amendment, was agreed to
Mr. CASSEHLY. I do not wish, unlessitis
unavoidable, to object to a bill which is desired
by the Senator from Oregon, and which respects
tliat State ; but the question involved here is
whether or not the United States for a series
0i years set up a false and unfounded title to
tenitory, and whether it shall now be declared
by acts of Congress to have been false and
unfounded. I would rather have it laid over
until some time when the question can be fully
discussed. The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Thur-
man] spoke about it the other day.
I he VICE PRESIDEN J'. The Senator
from Oregon [Mr. Kelly] was on the floor
when this bill passed from the consideration
of the Senate, it being objected to the other
day, and. the Senator from Uregon will now
complete his remarks, if the Senator from
California has no objection.
Mr. OASSBRLY. Of course I will yield.
Mr. KELLY. I rose to explain the neces-
sity of this bill the other day, and I should
like to say a word upon it. By the joint con-
vention between Great Britain and the United
States ill 1818 the territory of Oregon was
held m common ; that is, it wa3 open to citi-
zens of the United States and the subjects of
Great Britain upon equal terms. There were
of course in that territory a great many per-
sons connected with the Hudson Bay'Com-
pany, chiefly British subjects. They had
children born there; born beneath the British
flag. Take, for instance, the case that arose
in "\he State of Oregon, and was decided hy
the district court, to which reference was made
the other day. A man was born at Astoria,
then known a,s Fort George, beneath the Brit-
ish flag, and, as a matter of course, being the
child of a British subject, and born without,
the. allegiancc of the United States, because
be was not born within the allegiance of the
United States, in order to make him a citizen,
he was born within the allegiance of the king
of Great, Britain at the time, and it was so
held by the court, and properly held. We had
no ri^ht to make the children of British sub-
jects American citizens; no more had they
a right to make the children of American
parents subjects of Great Britain. Both held
.the territory in common ; it was a joint occupa-
tion, and in order to be a citizen of the United
States he must have been not only born within
the United States, but born within the alle-
giance of the United States. The child of a
British minister born in this city is a British
subject. It is true he is born in the United
States, but he is born without the allegiance
of the United States; and so it was therein
Oregon. They were British subjects, and their
children still remain so. There is no question
that those who were born of American parents
were American citizens; but, the class to
which this bill refers are the children of Brit-
ish subjects, born afier the treaty of 1818 and
before the treaty of 1846. That is all there is
of it.
Mr. CASSERLY. I attended diligently, as
far as two or three interruptions allowed me.
to what was said by my friend from Oregon.
If I understood his argument, it turned upon
two points: first, that there was a certain por-
tion of the territory that is now Oregon which
was in the joint occupation of the two Govern-
ments; second, that the citizenship of the
children born within the territory so held in
joint occupation was regulated by the citizen-
ship of their parents. I understand those to
be the points upon which the Senator rests his
argument. It is not necessary for me to com-
bat either of those propositions. Yet I do not
see, admitting both of ihem, that this is a
proper bill. The bill reads as follows;
That all persons born in the district of country
iormerly known as the Territory of Oregon, and
subject to the jurisdiction uf the United States at
this time, are citizens of the United States in the
same manner as if born elsewhere in the United
States.
That bill would embrace the very class of
persons who, by the argument of the Senator
Irom Oregon himself, were not entitled to
American citizenship at, the time of their
birth ; that is to say, it would embrace such
children as were born of British parents
within the territory in joint occupation. Is
it intended to naturalize those persons by a
special act which is not within the Constitution',
which requires "an uniform rule of naturaliza-
tion ?" 1 ask for information.
Mr. CORBE fT. It is intended to make all
those people who were born previous to the
treaty of 1846 upon the territory that is now
Oregon, which was claimed by our Govern-
ment at that time, and by the treaty of 1846
was conceded to us, citizens the same as other
persons born in that territory if they remain
there now.
Mr. COLE. I understood that this bill was
not to lead to any discussion so as to interfere
with the morning business.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California [Mr. Casserly] objected, but
yielded to allow an explanation to be made
and now has risen to reply to the explanation,
as the Chair understands.
Mr. CASSERLY. I think all this simply
proves the difficulty of passing a bill of this
importance in the morning hour. I ask the
Senator from Oregon what were the treaty
provisions in regard to those persons who being
born °f British subjects wiihin the territory
held in joint occupation continued to reside in
it after it had become a part of the territory
of the United States?
Mr. CORBE IT. There was no provision,
as is usual in such tre ttie^, that tho-ie persons
should be American citizens. It is usual to
provide in such treaties that all such persons
are naturalized citizens, but there was no such
provision in thi< trea'y. Therefore it is neces-
sary to pass this bill, and I hope we may be
allowed to pass it without further debate.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator from Ore-
gon [Mr. Corbktt] is mistaken. The prac-
tice is not as he supposes. The usual practice
is either to permit foreign subjects found in
territory acquired by us. to become citizens
according to our laws; or else the rule is—
certainly it was the rule adopted in the case
of the treaty between the United States and
Mexico, which resulted in the American acqui-
sition 'of California—that the subjects of the
foreign Government, party to the treaty, are
allowed a certain lime within which to remove,
if they see fit, from the territory. If, after the
lapse of that period, they choose to remain,
they are regarded in the absence of a declara-
tion of intention to the contrary as citizens of
the United States.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
from California objects to this bill, the right
to object was reserved if it gave rise to debate.
Mr. CORBETT. I hope the Senator will
not object.
Mr. COLE. I object if the debate is to be
continued.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California [,\lr. Casserly] still occupies
the floor.
! Mr. CASSERLY. I must say that I think
the original bill is much better than the amend-
ment.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is made
to further debate on the bill, and it passes from
the consideration of the Senate. Petitionsare
in order.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives by Mr. Clinton- Lloyd, its Chief Clerk,
announced that the House had concurred in
the amendment of the Senate to the resolution
expressing regret at the death of Professor S.
F. B. Morse.
enrolled bills signed.
Th o message also announced that the Speaker
of the House had signed the following: enrolled
bills : ' &
A bill (S. No. 878; granting a pension to
the minor children of Amanda M. Ritchey ;
A bill (S. No 879) granting a pension to
Mary Armstrong:
A bill (S. No. 891) granting a pension to
the minor children of Frederick F. Dayton,
di-ceased;
A bill (fT. R. No. 1866) for the relief of
Mrs. Frances A. McKinney ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1544) for the relief of
Martin Watkins, of East Windsor, Connec-
ticut.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. HAMLIN presented a petition of citi-
zens of Maine, soldiers of the late war for the
suppression of the rebellion, praying for an
equalization of bounties and for an amend-
ment of the pension laws ; which was referred
to the Committee on Pensions.
^r* presented four petitions of
late soldiers and sailors of the volunteer Army
and Navy, praying the passage of a bill to pro-
vide industrial homes and training schools for
the orphans of soldiers and sailors ; which were
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. HAMILION, of Maryland, presented
the memorial of Cardiff Tagart, son and heir
and for the coheirs of John Tagart, late of Bal-
timore, Maryland, deceased, praying indemnity
tor spoliations committed by the French be-
tween the years 1793 and 1801; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
