56
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 17,
Ho. oe Reps.
Internal Improvements in Dakota—Mr. Armstrong.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
advised of how we should regard such act.
Mr. Ftsh addressing Lopez Roberts, July 16,
1869, (see Executive Document No. 108, page
235,) says:
"The undersigned, therefore, respectfully desires
to be informed by Mr. Roberts, at the earliest prac-
ticable moment, whether in the issuance of this de-
cree, [decree of General de Rodas, July 7, 1869, see
Executive Document No. 108, page 233.] it is to be
understood by the United States that Spain recog-
nizes that she is in a state of war and claims the
right of a belligerent." "The undersigned has the
honor farther to say to Mr. Roberts that the Gov-
ernment of the United States cannot fail to regard
the continuance of the decree referred to, or any
exercise, on the high seas, near the island of Cuba,
by any vessel or privateer of Spain, of the right to
visit or board any vessel of the United Stntes, under
color of the- provisions of the treaty of 1795. as in-
volving the logical conclusion of a recognition by
Spain of a state of war with Cuba."
Spain has exercised the righl on two occa-
sions, in the outrages on the Florida off St
Thomas and Nassau. The State Department
has the proofs. The United States has failed
to regard the s® exercising as involving the
recognition by Spain of a state of war. Spain
uses all the rights which she could have were
belligerency acknowledged, and actually says,
u Declare itifyou please; the surrendering of
arms to the Cubans is more important to us
than your proclamation of their belligerency."
And whereas during this war Spain has been
allowed to supply her armies and navy from the
factories, dockyards, and arsenals of this country
with every material requisite of warfare, while the
Cubans, in direct opposition to a tair spirit of
neutrality, have been denied similar advantages;
and vessels freighted with arms and ammunition
destined for the1 ubans, in accordance with the legal
right of American citizens to trade in arms with
peoples' powers who are at war, and in the exercise
of what has been declared, both by the Executive
and a Federal court, to be a Irgitirtiate voyage, have,
in violation of law and equity, been detained and
subjected to delays by an unfair perversion of jus-
tice, to the detriment of the interests of American
citizens ;
And whereas measures should be adopted to pro-
tect the rights and interests of American citizens
engaged in legitimate commerce, and to prevent
the recurrence of losses which may arise from the
fact that this Government has not yet acknowledged
the existence of the Republic of Cuba.
Spain has exported nearly ninety thousand
rifles, muskets, and carbines from this country
since October, 18G8. She has built here thirty
gunboais, and is still supplying her army with
war material. Cuba has practically been denied
similar facilities. It is lawful for our citi-
zens to ship munitions of war to the Cubans.
(Mr. Fish to Lopez Roberts, Ex. Doc. No. 108,
page 234.)
"The transportation on the high seas in time of
peace of at t icje* commonly known as contraband of
war is a legitimate traffic and commerce which can-
not be interfered with or denounced, unless by a
power at war with a third party, in the admitted
exercise of the recognized rights uf a belligerent,
&c. If Spain be at war with Cuba the United
States will submit to those rights which public law
concedes to belligerents. But while Spain disclaims
a state of belli'-rereney, or until the United States
may find it necessary to recognize her as a belli-
gerent"—
Mark the expressed possibility in July, 1869,
that he would recognize it, whether it suited
Spain or not—
"the Government of the United States cannot fail
to look with solicitude upon a decree which, if
enforced against any vessel of the United States on
the high seas, cannot but be regarded as a violation
of their rights that may lead to serious complica-
tions,"
See also General J. D. Cox's letter to Gen-
eral Darr, owner of the Florida, written afrer
consultation with the President and the Cab-
inet. See also Jud^e Blatchford's decision
in the case of the Florida. The wording of
the jaw and its application is diametrically op-
posite. Spain ties a vessel up forfive months,
inflicts damages, without probable cause, (see
Judge Blatchford's refusal to grant applica'ion
of the district attorney,) and gets off' scot-free.
She^ uses, in f-tet, all the right she could if
bel igerenc^ were declared. The interests of '
American ciazens in the pursuance of legtti- |
mate comroeree suffer detriment daily, for i
which we are not only morally bat pecuniarily
responsible, because the Administration is
afraid of stating the truth. I want to show
the world that the American people is not,
and this House is not, afraid of going further
still in carrying out the inherent rights of the
people and protecting its interests.
And whereas the majority of the independent
republics of this hemisphere have recognized the
belligerency of Cuba, which acts have tacitly been
admitted by Spain to be not incompatible with a
spirit of amity toward herself.
Copies of declarations of the Governments of Colombia,
Mexico, Chili, Peru, San Salvador, and Bolivia.
*****!}: *
Peru: Jose Balta, President of the Republic of
Peru, whereas, &c. decrees: The independence of the
inland of Cuba from Spanish dominion is recognized,
as also the republican government therein estab-
lished. The Secretary of State is intrusted with the
fulfillment of this decree, Lima, 13 August, 1869.
Jose B.ilta, J. A, Barrenechia.
Bolivia: By a decree dated June 10,1869,- Bolivia
recoguizes as belligerents the Cuban patriots, and
the provisional government organized in Cuba as a
legitimate one.
Chili: By a decree dated April 30,1869, the Gov-
ernment of Chili grants to the Cuban patriots, fight-
ing for their independence,the rights of belligereuts.
United States of Colombia: Dacree (date not ac-
cessible at present writing) article 1. The Republic
of the United States ot Colombia recognize in the
patriots of the island of Cuba, m the war which they
are wasing to insure their independence from Spain,
all the rights of belligerents, sanctioned by inter-
national usage in lawful war.
Mexico: In April, 1869, the Government of Mex-
ico decreed that the Cuban flag should be receivtd
in the ports of the country, although no official dec-
laration had been made by which the rights of bel-
ligerency had been recognized to the patriots.
With Peru and Chili Spain is still at war,
there being only an armistice between her and
these countries. Spain wants to claim that the
war with Peru is ended, (but Peru protests
against this,) even after Peru had recognized
the independence of Cuba.
And whereas Spain has herself, by acknowledging
the independence of sundry republics on this conti-
nent, once her colonies, acknowledged the right they
had to wage war for their independence, as Cuba is
to-day fighting for hers.
On this no comment is required; it must be
acknowledged by all.
And whereas by the principles of international
law an inherent right is vested in the sovereignty of
every independent nation to declare, when conven-
ient, the existence of a belligerency between any
other nations, or between the inhabitants of any
integral portion of such nation;
And whereas the assisting ail peoples struggling
in this hemisphere for the rights of self-government
by all just means not in contravention of interna-
tional law is a thoroughly American policy, conson-
ant with the principles on which our own independ-
ence is based: Therefore, it is
Resolved by the Senate and House of Reiyresenta-
tives of the United States of Amentia in Congress assem-
bled, That it recognizes the existence of a state of
war between the kingdom of Spain and the so-called
republic of Cuba, and hereby declares both parties
to the conflict entitled to all rights conceded to bel-
ligerents by international law.
The chief arguments against the ratification
by the United States Senate of the Johnson-
Clarendon treaty were embodied in Hon.
Charles Sumner's speech, who drew a differ-
ence between ocean belligerency and land bel-
ligerency.
On September 25, 1869, Mr. Fish to Mr.
Motley complained that the insurrection in
the southern States, if it did not exist, was
continued and obtained its vitality by means
of the resources it drew from Great Britain,
and yet the Cabinet was of unanimous opinion
October 1,1869, (see General J. D. Cox's let-
ter to General Darr, now of the Florida) that
'' no one questioned the legal right of English-
men to sell to us or to the confederacy."
On 13th December, 1870, Mr. Fish to Benja-
min Moran, goes back on and abandons this
point, and admits the right of England or any
other country to proclaim the fact of belli-
gerency when convenient. He says:
" The President holds, in accordance with the doc-
trine of the best writers upon international law,
and with the precedents of our own history, and as
: a logical resuitfroin the fact of national sovereignty
i that it is the right of every Power, when a civil con-
flict has arisen within another State, and has at-
tained a sufficient complexity, magnitude, and com-
pleteness, to define its own relations and those of its
citizens and subjects toward the parties to the con-
flict, so far as their rights and interests are necessa-
rily affected by it."
The above was written five months before
the signing of the Washington treaty; and
further on, in the same dispatch, Mr. Fish
blames Mr. Motley for having told Clarendon
that the President recognized the right of a
sovereign Power to issue proclamations of
neutrality.
In the Washington treaty the right of issu-
ing such declarations was never questioned.
England would not allow it.
Internal Improvements in Dakota.
SPEECH OF HON. M. K. ARMSTRONG,
op dakota,
In the House of Representatives,
February 17, 1872.
The House having met for debate as in Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union—
Mr. ARMSTRONG said:
Mr. Speaker: In the brief remarks I have
to make upon the pending bill, it is not my
intention to detain the House by entering into
a defense of any of the past enormous laud
grants that have been given by Congress to
private corporations to aid in the construction
of railroads through the western States and
Territories. I desire simply to invite the
attention of this House to the present wants
and necessities of the long-neglected and de-
serving Territory of Dakota, within whose
borders there is not to day a mile of railroad,
nor an acre of land granted to aid in building
one. In verification of this fact, Mr. Speaker,
I send to the Cleik's desk, and ask to have
read, a letter from the Commissioner of the
General Land Office.
The Clerk read as follows:
Department op the Interior,
Gkneral Land Office,
Washington, 1). C., February 7,1872.
Sib: In reply to your letter of 28th ultimo, I havo
the honor to state that there has never been a grant
of lands by Congress to aid in the construction of
any railroad orrailroad? in the Territory ot Dakota,
south of the forty-sixth parallel, (the proposed
boundary of Pembina Territory,) or any landg ever
withdrawn in the Territory for railroad purposes.
I am, sir, very respectfully,
WILLIAM DBUMMOKD,
ioner.
Hon. M. K. Armstrong, House of Representatives.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, it may
seem to this House somewhat remarkable that
among all the munificent grants of lands hith-
erto distributed by Congress to aid in the
construction of railroads in the western States
and Territories, Dakota now comes before this
House as an excepted and neglected child of the
Government. 'J his, sir, can be briefly ex-
plained. In 1861 the great. Territory of Dakota
was created by Congress, embracing wiihin its
limits all that portion of the wild northwest
extending from Minnesota on the east to the
Rocky mountains on the west, and fiom Ne-
braska on the south to Briiish America on the
north; embracing in area more than all the
New England and eastern States. But ihe
early discovery of gold on the western slope
of the mountains in Dakota drew thither a
mining population which soon demanded and
received irom Congress in 18C3 a separate
organization under the name of Idaho Terri-
tory, now so well represented by my friend,
[Mr. Merritt,] and still later, in 1803, this
rapidly accumulating and adventurous popula-
tion pushed eastward over the crest of the
mountains and opened new mines, which cre-
ated the necessity of another distinct territo-
rial government, and in 1804 Congress again
carved out of Dakota's vast original domain
