1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
1901
CONTESTED BL1SCTION.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
. laid before the House additional papers in the
contested-election case of Whitmore vs. Hern-
don, first congressional district of Texas;
which were referred to the Committee of Elec-
tl0nS" ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bilk, reported that tie Committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
of the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (H. R. No. 895) granting a pension
to Hannah Gray.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The hour of two o'clock
having arrived, reports are now in order from
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
BALTIMORE AND POTOMAC RAILROAD.
Mr. STARKWEATHER, from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, reported
a bill (H. R. No. 2057) to confirm the action
of the board of aldermen and common council
of the city of Washington designating a depot
site for the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad
Company, and for other purposes ; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It provides that the
Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Company
shall have the right to extend its tracks from
Virginia avenue along Sixth street to the open
grounds between Sixth street, B street north,
and the canal, described as follows: beginning
at the southwest corner of Sixth street and B
street north, running west one hundred and
fifty feet along B street north ; thence south
eight hundred and two feet on the present
line of the canal; thenee east one hundred
and fifty feet to the line of Sixth street; thence
north by the line of Sixth street to the place
of beginning ; and the said company shall, so
far as the United Slates can provide, have the
right to hold, use, and occupy the said grounds
for the purpose of constructing thereon a pas-
senger depot, to be used by the said company
for passengers and express freight traffic, and
for no other purpose.
The bill further provides that the said prop-
erty so occupied by the said company, together
with the improvements which may be put
thereon, shall be subject to .taxation by the
District of Columbia, the same as other prop-
erty in the District of Columbia, and to be
used exclusively for the support of the public
schools of the District.
It provides further that the company shall
lay no more than two tracks along Sixth street,
as near as practicable iti the center of the
street, and as close together as practicable for
trains to pass over them. The rails used for
this purpose are to be constructed as flat rails,
like those used by the street railroads, so as
to facilitate wagon and carriage travel over
the same, aud the track and the spaces between
it are to be kept paved with some suitable
material by the company, which is also to pave
with proper material at least two feet outside
of the track.
It is further provided that upon the opening
of a carriage-road through the public reserva-
tions and crossing Sixth street the company
shall be required to construct, at its own cost
and expense, a handsome iron biidge of ample
width and height to enable carriages to pass
over the street freely and without danger, in
such manner and at such place as the officers
or other persons charged with the duty of
opening the reservations or connecting the
same as a public park shall direct. The com-
pany are further required to adapt the grade
of its tracks to that which may at any time be
determined upon by the Board of Public Works
or other authoiities having control of grades;
but such change of grade shall not be made
as will practically interfere with or destroy the
use of the depot by the trains of the company ;
provided that the company shall pay the own-
ers of private property along the line of Sixth
street and Virginia avenue, by which the said
railroad passes, any damages which said prop-
erty may sustain by reason of the laying of this
track along Sixth street, and the assessed
damages, if any, shall be ascertained in man-
ner and form as provided by the act of Con-
gress approved February 5,1867, entitled "An
act to authorize the extension, construction,
and use of a lateral branch of the Baltimore
and Potomac railroad into and within the
District of Columbia.''
It is provided further that it shall be un-
derstood that the question of damages referred
to in the hill shall be confined to the question
of the appreciation and depreciation of the
value of property owned along the said street,
and also that the railroad company shall pay
all damages for which the city of Washington
or the District of Columbia or the United
States may be liable to private property-hold-
ers now occupying the site described in the
bill growing out of their being required to
remove their property from the same and sur-
render their right of occupancy.
It is further provided that while trains are
moving to and from Virginia avenue along
Sixth street to the depot the company shall
keep flagmen at the several street corners to
warn people of danger, and that all provisions
of the board of aldermen and common coun-
cil of the city of Washington not inconsistent
with the bill are ratified by it.
It is further provided that the act of Con-
gress approved March 3, 1871, granting a site
for a passenger depot to this railroad company
on Virginia avenue is repealed, to take effect
when the company obtain possession of the
depot property on Sixih street. The bill fur-
ther provides that the United States, by act
of Congress, shall have the right to repeal or
modify the provisions of this act, and that the
track of the company shall turn out of Sixth
street, and enter the depot with suitable curva-
tures at the south end thereof, and that the
depot shall not extend beyond B street north,
nor shall the track ever extend beyond B
street north.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I desire to say
that this question of a depot for the Baltimore
and Potomac railroad came before the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia and has
been heard, and parties interested have been
heard on several occasions. I would state
that the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Com-
pany have already expended upon their line
between here and Baltimore $2,500,000.
Mr. POTTER. I will ask the gentleman
if this bill has been printed?
Mr. S fARKWEATHER. The original bill
was printed, but this bill -is reported in lieu
of it.
Mr. POTTER. Is this substantially the same
as the printed bill V
Mr. STARKWEATHER. In many respects
so far as the rights of the Baltimore and Poto-
mac railroad are concerned it is substantiully
the same, but there are some safeguards added
in regard to the property along the line.
Mr. POTTER. Here is a bill of four pages,
in one single section, covering such vast rights
brought in here imprinted, and it certainly
challenges attention.
Mr. S 1'ARKWEATHER. The bill as ori-
ginally printed provided for the depot accom-
modations. This bill in addition provides
certain safeguards in regard to the property
upon the line. All parties are satisfied with
the provisions of the bill. I will state that
this is a new enterprise, that forty miles of the
road between here and Baltimore have been
constructed at an expense of over twenty-five
hundred thousand dollars, and that at Balti-
more they have tunneled, for the purpose of
saving the expense of unhitching, at a cost of
$1,500,000.
Then they have, as you know, (or at least,
if it is not generally known, the fact is so,)
tunneled the hill here, passing beyond the
Capitol, and coming out on what is called the
Island, near Sixth street, for the purpose
of avoiding all interl'erence with the front of
the Capitol. There has been this outlay of
$5,000,000 by this new enterprise for the pur-
pose of accommodating the public—tunneling
this hill here so as to have no interference with
the travel and public accommodation which
would otherwise be put at hazard if the track
should be placed where the old railroad track
was placed.
Then next in order, after all this has been
done by this company, they come here to seek
a place to put up proper depot accommoda-
tions. This Baltimore and Potomac company
came in regular order to the city authorities
of Washington, the legislative council, before
the organization of the present government
of the District last spring, and they designated
this ground, near Sixth street, and, so lar as
they had authority, gave them the right to build
there for depot purposes The Committee for
the District of Columbia have looked over the
ground very carefully, and they are satisfied
that it is the best location for the purpose;
that a depot building for passengers only can
be erected there, coming within a short dis-
tance of the avenue, that will greatly accom-
modate the public, and at the same time in-
convenience no one.
If there should be-any temporary deprecia-
tion of private property there, that is provided
for by an appraisal. I believe all the parties
interested have been heard. I believe it is for
the interest of the public to have this great
competing line, which has already spent
55,000,000 to give us this additional facility
of railroad communication with all parts of
the country. We believe it will secure such
railroad accommodations here as are very
much needed, and which have never been had
here before. These gentlemen are now ready
to go forward and erect this building—to put
up an ample depot for the accommodation of
passengers. All they now ask is the ratifica-
tion by Congress of the act of the District legis-
lative council giving them this ground for depot
purposes.
My own strength will not permit me to make
a longer statement in regard to this bill. I
believe the Committee for the District of
Columbia are satisfied that this bill ought to
pass. I believe the public inteiest will be
served by it; I believe there are no private
interests but what will bo thoroughly protected
by this bill; and therefore unless some ques-
tions shall be proposed aside from any that
have yet appeared, it, seems to me it will be for
the interest of the Government for Congress
to give them what is proposed by this bill.
Mr. KERR. I would like to ask the gen-
tleman two or three questions.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will hear them.
Mr. KERR. I want to know first if the gen-
tleman can inform the House what portion of
the public reservation will be occupied by this
company should this bill become a law?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. The amount to
be taken will be about one hundred and fifty
feet by about eight hundred feet.
Mr. KERR. That is m a westerly direction
from the Capitol ?
Mr. STARWEATHER. Yes, near the canal
on Sixth street.
Mr. DICKEY. Within a square of the
avenue ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Yes, sir.
Mr. KERR. One further question. I would
like to ask the gentleman if he can tell us
what is tile fair cash value of that portion of
the reservation which it is proposed to be given
to this company?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. We have had
no appraisal of the cash value of it. I will
state this: that for a great number of years
the District of Columbia, or the city of Wash-
ington, has usedtl is open square in concoction
