1872;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3693
pressure of business at this late period of the
session.
Mr. HOLMAN. I think unanimous con-
sent will be given to have this matter go over
in an informal way until Saturday next.
Mr. BANKS. If the House will give us
leave to report it again on Saturday next, I
will not object to its going over.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think
that had better be done.
Mr. BANKS. This is a bill that has been
very maturely considered by the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, anditis unanimously reported
by the committee.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the House will
give unanimous consent to let this matter go
over until Saturday next.
Mr. L. MYERS. To come up after the
morning hour.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. You
cannot get a morning hour now.
Mr. L. MYERS. We do not know about
that.
Mr. AMBLER. Why may not this bill be
disposed of to-night as well as on Saturday
next?
Mr. HOLMAN. Doubtless the members
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs have
fully considered this bill; but it would be
strange if it was undertaken to force such a
matter as this upon the consideration of the
House to-night without a moment's consid-
eration by this House.
Mr. AMBLER. I do not anticipate any
objection to the passage of this bill.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] will adopt my
suggestion.
Mr. AMBLER. I think there is a quorum
here now, and this bill may as well be dis-
posed of to-night as at any other time.
Mr. BANKS. I will ask that a vote be taken
on the motion to recommit, and then I will
enter a motion to reconsider, so that I can call
it up at the proper time.
Mr. HOLMAN. I hope there will be no
objection to that.
Mr. AMBLER. The understanding being
that no motion will be made to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Mr. HOLMAN.. Of course not.
Mr. BANKS. I now ask that a vote be
taken on the motion to recommit.
The motion to recommit was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I now enter a motion to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
recommitted. Of course I expect that the
House will allow the Committee on Foreign
Affairs to have the management of the motion
to reconsider. We will not call it up without
consultation with members having charge of
Other business before the Honse.
Mr. AMBLER. Whymay not some arrange-
ment be made to-night as to the time when
this subject shall again be considered?
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is
in doubt whether, during an evening session
set apart for a special purpose, any arrange-
ment can be made that will affect the business
of the House during a day session.
Mr. BANKS. In accordance with the rules
of this House I have entered a motion to re-
consider, and those rules give me the right to
call it up at any time when there is no other
business before the House.
centennial inteknation al exhibition.
Mr. L. MYERS. I now call up. the bill
which was laid aside awhile ago in order to
allow the correction of certain names, the bill
(H. R. No. 2708) relative to the centennial
international exhibition to be held in the
city of Philadelphia, State of Pennsylvania, in
the year 1870. I send to the Clerk's desk
several additional names to be inserted in their
proper places without reading.
The SPEAKER^™ tempore. The correc-
tions will be made.
Mr. L. MYERS. As I believe the House
now understands this bill, I call the previous
question.
The previous question-was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading. Being engrossed, it. was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. L. MYERS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
discharge of seamen.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, reported back adversely the
bill (H. R. No. 961) to amend the law which
requires consular officers of the United States
to collect three months' extra wages upon the
discharge of seamen, and moved that the bill
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
consular officers dying abroad.
Mr. MORGAN also, from the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, reported back, with a rec-
ommendation that it pass, the bill (H. R. No.
1121) to grant a pecuniary allowance to the
families of diplomatic and consular officers
who die abroad.
The bill was read. It provides that when
any diplomatic or consular officer of the Uni-
ted States shall die in a foreign country in the
discharge of his duty, there shall be paid to
his widow, or, if no widow survives him, then
to his heirs-at-law, a sum of money equal to
the allowance now made to such officer for
the time necessarily occupied in making the
transit from his post of duty to his residence
in the United States.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MORGAN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
american claim for indirect damages.
Mr. BANKS. The Committee on Foreign
Affairs, to whom was referred the resolution
introduced by my colleague [Mr. Butler]
concerning the statement made at Exeter,
England, by Sir Stafford Northcote, have
directed me to report back the resolution with
an amendment in the form of a substitute. I
ask that the substitute be read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Whereas it hasboen statedin an ocean telegraphic
dispatch that at a meeting of the Exeter Chamber
of Commerce, Sir Stafford Northcote, one of the
joint high commissioners, ill a speech as presiding
officer, stated that "the understanding of the British
commissioners was that a promise had been given
that the claim for indirect damages should not be
presented; but it was necessary that the American
Senate should not be placed in a position requiring
a confession that wrong had been done which
statement, made by a leading member of the joint
high commission on the part of Great Britain, re-
flect"! upon the good faith and integrity of the Ameri-
can Government: Therefore,
Beit iesolved. That the President of the United
States be, and he hereby is, requested, if not. incon-
sistent with the public interests, to inform this
House whether the Government has any knowledge of
any such " understanding" or "promise" that claims
for indirect damages should not be presented to the
tribunal of arbitration, and if so, from whom such
" understanding" or " promise" proceeded; and that
he also be requested to communicate to the House any
other information in possession of the Government
relating to this subject.
Mr. BANKS. I now yield fifteen minutes
to my colleague.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. That is
not sufficient.
Mr. BANKS. That is all the time the gen-
tleman asked.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I asked
for twenty-five minutes.
Mr. BANKS. I will agree to give the gen-
tleman twenty minutes.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I think,
sir, that after the gentleman and his committee
have occupied the time until twenty minutes past
nine o'clock, and after we have listened to his
speech of half an hour in favor of giving away
$500,000 to the savages of the eastern conti-
nent, 1 ought to have at least twenty-five or
thirty minutes upon a question involving the
honor of the country.
Mr. BANKS. Twenty minutes is what my
colleague asked of the committee. I yield to
him for that time.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Then I
ask the House to vote down the previous ques-
tion, so that there may be proper opportunity
for discussion.
Mr. BANKS. Well, I will yield twenty-
five minutes to my colleague.
Mr. TOWNSBND, of New York. I wish
to inquire whether this resolution comes from
the committee and has its sanction ?
Mr. BANKS. It is the report of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, the very remarkable and significant
statement of the honorable member of the
joint high commission which is quoted in the
resolutions before us, if true, is of thfe last im-
portance to this House and the nation. It is
true we have but a telegraphic report of the
speech in which it was uttered; but that re-
port has gone to every household in the land,
and every true American -must feel himself
deeply chagrined at its imputations upon the
honor of his Government and his country. It
is capable of two interpretations, and so far as
I can see but two, either of which if a true
statement of fact is equally a significant aver-
ment against the <*ood faith of the action of our
Government.
The Executive has included in our case be-
fore the tribunal established by the treaty of
Washington the claims for damages, sometimes
called "indirect or consequential," which are
of vast consequence, whether in the amount
of injury claimed to have been sustained or in
the insult and wrong done to the United States
by Great Britain.
Now, this speech of the British commis-
sioner avers either that he sigued the treaty
of Washington, which included a right to pre-
sent these damages, under a promise that no
claim for them should be made, or that they
were withdrawn from the treaty without any-
thing being said therein about them, in order
that the treaty might be agreed to by the
American Senate, under the supposition that
such claimsfordamages was therein contained,
so that the Senate might not concede itself in
the wrong in rejecting the Johnson Clarendon
treaty, which it is well known was rejected by
the Senate chiefly upon the ground, as put
forth in the only speech made public as a
reason for its rejection, because that treaty
contained a claim fordamages by citizens only
of the United States, and did not include any
provision for reparation for damages and
wrongs suffered by the nation.
It is difficult to say which of the two classes
of aspersion to be gathered from this speech
are more detrimental to the good name and
fame of American statesmen and to the honor
of the nation—-whether the accusation is that
we have made a gigantic claim against Great
Britain in violation of our promise given to
her commissioners and in fraud of the just
rights of Great Britain, or whether the Exec-
utive, by its high commissioners, purposely
misled the Senate of the United States into the
approval of an important treaty which had
been designed by and so drawn as to conceal
the purport and effect of its provisions.
I have felt it therefore my duty, sir, to bring
this resolution of inquiry before the Hou^e
to ask that the President may give the House
information upon these topics, premising, how-
ever, that I fuily believe that when we receive
the answer to our inquiry it will show one of
two things, either that the utterances of the
honorable commissioner of Great Britain, as
