1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
109
word "national" was stricken from t\i& projet
of the Constitution on the 20th of .Tune, 1787,
and in room of it " Government of the United
States" was inserted, nem. con. It was
therefore a difficult problem how to give the
States their equal share of power in the gen-
eral system. Some were large States, some
small, some commercial, some agricultural,
some rich, some poor. Jealousy and distrust
were not absent from the constitutional Con-
vention. Weakness had been developed in
the Articles of Confederation. The old bond
of union was too weak. There was fear lest
the new bond would be too stringent. The
independence and sovereignty of the States
were uppermost in the minds of the framers
of the Constitution, and of course every prop-
osition looking to their absorption by the Gen-
eral Government was severely scrutinized and
opposed. The first article had reference to
the legislative department. Two branches
were at once agreed oil. Next, it was agreed
that in the second branch, the Senate, each
State should have two Senators, without regard
to population or wealth.
Thus the States were made equal in the
Senate, as afterward, by the amendments,
each State had one vote only in the election
of President by the House. The equality of
the States was the condition of union. In the
Senate, however, it was not accomplished with-
out great anxiety and effort. The Constitu-
tion was about to become an abortion. Mr.
Madison says:
"The knot felt as the Gordian one was the ques-
tion between the larger and the smaller States on
the rule of voting in the Senate, the latter claiming,
the former opposing, the rule of equality. Great
zeal and pertinacity had been shown on both sides,
and an equal division of votes on the question had
been reiterated and prolonged, till it had not only
become distressing, but seriously alarming. It was
during this period of gloom that Dr. Franklin made
the proposition tor a religious service in the Con-
vention. "
By the moderation and wisdom of Washing-
ton and Madison, and a brilliant speech of Mr.
Morris, from the large State of Pennsylvania,
and the yielding of other large States, the gloom
passed away, and the smaller States became
equals in the second branch. Delaware became
the peer of New York, and Rhode Island of
Virginia. While claiming equality in the States,
the smaller S'ates were fearful of yielding to
the doctrine of representation in the House on
the basis of population, for that would enhance
the power of the large States.
It was urged that equality meant equality
of votes by States, not equality by represent-
ation of individuals. It was shown that in the
Amphictyonic confederation of Greece each
city, however different in wealth and strength,
sent the same number of deputies, and each
had an equal voice.  So, too, in the seven
provinces of Netherlands and in Switzerland.
It was insisted, on the other hand, that taxation
and representation ought to go together, and
that wealth as well as numbers ought to be
considered in fixing the number of Congress-
men and their votes. It was urged that rep-
resentation should depend on the quotas of
money furnished. Mr. Rutledge argued that
money was power, and was entitled to be heard
in the affairs of the Federation. To this it
was answered by Mr. Wilson that wealth was
measured fairly by population, and that num-
bers represented as well the wealth as the
people.
Again, it was replied, that if one State had
by reason of its excess of people more votes
than another, the smaller ones would become
the slaves of the larger ones. "Each State."
it was said, "like each individual, had its
peculiar habits, usages, and manners, which
constituted its happiness, and could not give ]
to others a power over it, any more than an j
individual when he could avoid it." Here,
indeed, was a difficulty almost insurmount-
able. Finally, through the wisdom and efforts
of these great and good men, the present plan
of the Constitution was adopted. Early in the
sittings of the Convention the number of in-
habitants was taken as the basis. Then arose
a question of details. Shall untaxed Indians
and enslaved negroes be counted? If untaxed
Indians, then is not representation given for
those who pay no taxes? Accordingly, the
red men who had the felicity of being untaxed
(what a blessing, if they lived now!) were
dropped out.
As to the enslaved Africans, the three-fifths
rule was adopted on the motion of Mr. Wil-
son, seconded by Mr. Pinckney. Eleven out
of the thirteen States agreed to it. Mr. King,
who was strongly anti-slavery, agreed to this
as the rule of equality between the "eastern
and southern States." He argued that as the
eastern had more population and the southern
more wealth the slaves should be partially
counted to attain equality. Accordingly the
slaves were carved into five parts, three pa.rts
counted as persons and two parts propel ty.
The property parts were ignored and the per-
sons counted three for five. This was not
done without conflict. Mr. Gerry contended
"that the blacks were property, and are used
to the southward as horses and cattle to the
northward, and why should their represent-
ation be increased to the southward on account
of the number of slaves than horses or oxen
to the North?" Why, indeed, except that it
was intended to approximate to the principle
of population as the basis voted by the Con-
vention? I maintain that this is the only just
and stable principle. Any other is a fraud on
the representative system. By the abolition
of slavery, since our war, all the negroes are
counted one for one, and not one for three
fifths of one. If there had been no slavery in
1787 all would have been thus counted then.
Unless this had been done there could have
been no Union. There was no other plan of
equality possible unless every State had been
given one vote each in the House of Represent-
atives, as when the House elects a President.
The object of representation is not to protect
States simply, but the interests and rights of
individuals in the States.
What, then, is the principle of the four-
teenth amendment? Is it population? Oris
it suffrage? 13 it both or neither? It pur-
ports, in its terms, to be based on the princi-
ple of the Constitution—-population. "Rep-
resentatives shall be apportioned among the
several States according to their respective
numbers, counting the whole number of per-
sons in each State." " But"—ah, how much
in this monosyllable! The exception contains
the swindle, the threat, and the bribe. See !
"But, whenever in any State the elective fran-
chise shall be denied to any portion of its male
citizens, not less than twenty-one years ofage,
or in anyway abridged, except"—another
swindlein the form of aproposition— "except
for participation in rebellion or other crime,
the basis shall be reduced in the proportion
which the number of such male citizens shall
have to the whole number of male citizens not
less than twenty-one years of age."
This is your boasted fourteenth amendment,
about to be discarded by your disregard of the
disfranchised. Any one who will take the
pains to read the Madison report of the debates
of the constitutional Convention will find that
the question of States' rights was involved in the
question of representation. In the first place,
the larger States claimed they should have the
same voice in the Senate proportionate to their
size. The smaller States said: "No; we must
have equal representation in the Senate." Yon
have seen how that, was settled. That settle-
ment remains; but the House is subject to
the vicis.-itudes of every decade, and we are
called upon to decide about this decade. Our
representative basis is not based on money or
wealth. It should be, as it was intended,
based on population.
After much controversy, which almost drove
the good people of that day to distraction and
the Union nigh unto failure, our fathers struck
the idea of "numbers " as a safe rule. From
this idea—the genius of our constitutional
polity—the Republican party have departed.
The idea of population is not altogether the
idea on which suffrage is based. You, gentle-
men, in the fourteenth amendment, in making
a basis counting out "numbers," who are dis-
franchised, have departed from the original
constitutional order. You gave us in the four-
teenth amendment a mixed basis. It is a basis
of numbers and suffrage; and they are not
akin or correlative. Our repreeentation, ac-
cording to the original structure and theory of
the Government, is one of numbers. Any fair
construction of the instrument should be on
that principle. It should be so, unless we
depart from the genius and form of our Federal
system.
Now the question is, how shall "numbers"
be best represented? How shall we select for
that purpose, and yet preserve the fourteenth
amendment? That brings me to the argument
I was about to urge yesterday in favor of the
amendment of the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Niblack.] Gentlemen seem to think it
a disgrace should any State lose a portion of
its representation. Why should it be? The
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. MercurJ
said that he endeavored to so frame the bill as
that each State should have its representation
in this House. This bill for two hundred and
eighty-odd members was made to save the
amour propre of certain States ; for at the pres-
ent number of Representatives, for instance,
Ohio would lose two members, and New York
would lose four. I mean that by keeping the
number of which this House shall consist down
to its present number, two hundred and forty-
three, these losses would occur. Massachu-
setts would lose one, New Hampshire one,
Rhode Island one, and Maine two. Thus
New England would lose five in all. Why do
gentlemen on the other side seem so sensitive
about losing members? Is it because New
England is "running out?" Why should its
Representatives want to seem so numerous and
great, as they once were? Do we not know
they are declining and degenerating, compared
with the West? Any argument drawn from
that source is unfair, for it throws the odium
of degeneracy upon Vermont and New Hamp-
shire. By these bills fixing the members at two
hundred and eighty-three they lose one mem-
ber each. If you will raise the number of
Representatives to hide New England, why
stritce down the weak sisters of that interesting
section? If you do it to the least of these, do it
to the greater States also. Let New York,
Ohio, and Massachusetts go along with New
Hampshire and Vermont in their humiliation.
But is it any more humiliating in any rational
sense to be counted less when others are kept
the same, than to be counted the same when
others are counted so much more? Everyone
knows the proportions of decadence and in-
crease are preserved, whatever the count.
Is there anything to be gained in or to the
great West, or elsewhere, by aggrandizirg its
congressional representation? Do you want
to advertise to the people that the West is big,
great, and growing? What Napoleon said of
the French republic when the English denied
its existence is very applicable to our great
and growing West: "It is the misfortune,"
said he, " of those who deny the existence of
the sun in heaven or of the republic in France."
The verse 01' Virgil applied to Latium is spe-
cially apposite, as applied to the West:
" Ubere glebse atque potens armis.''
She is fat in her soil and powerful in her
strength. She needs no herald from a con-
gressional bill to aggrandize or display her
growth and greatness.
Suppose certain States are falling behind
while the West grows. Such an argument
is altogether unpatriotic, provincial, and un-
philosophical. In our former dealings with
this question of representation Congress has
