1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
5?
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Internal Improvements in Dakota—Mr. Armstrong.
Ho. of Reps.
the Territory of Montana, now represented on
this floor by the eloquent Delegate, [Mr. Cla-
gett. ]
Again, in 1867, the munificent grants of
lands and Government loan to the Union Pa-
cific railroad had pushed that great thorough-
fare so rapidly across the vast plains of souih-
western Dakota, that this Territory was again
called upon to yield from her western posses-
sions a new dominion, which was created by
Congress in the Territory of Wyoming, whose
interests are so faithfully guarded in this House
bythepopulacDelegate, [.Ur Jones.] Andnow,
sir, last of all, a bill is pending in each branch
of the present Congress which has been favor-
ably reported in the Senate, to again divide
Dakota, and erect all that portion of her do-
main north of the forty-sixth parallel into the
proposed new Territory of Pembina.
This bill will eventually become a law, and
thereafter it is not probable that the congres-
sional scissors will again be applied to trim
the borders of Dakota, inasmuch as the area
of the Territory'remaining as Dakota proper,
is about the same as that of either of the adja-
cent States of Iowa or Minnesota.
As I said before, Mr. Speaker, the Territory
of Dakota stands alone among all the north-
western States and Territories, midway between
the great thoroughfares of the nation, without
an acre of land or a dollar in money granted
by Congress for the building of railroads
within her borders since her territorial exist-
ence of eleven years; and in consequence
thereof she has not to day a mile of running
road within her borders. While we, sir, have
beeu thus neglecied, or rather overlooked, in
the past distribution of congressional aid,
the adjoining States of Iowa and Minnesota
have received from Congress lands with
almost wasteful liberality to encourage the
construction of railroads running westward
through those States but terminating abruptly
upon the very borders of Dakota. In addi-
tion to these State grants whole empires, as
it were, have been bestowed by Congress with
unstinted hand upon giant corporations to
push three great national highways across the
continent to the Pacific. In these magnifi
cent grants all the sister Territories of the
United States are indirectly the recipients of
congressional aid. except Dakota alone. The
line of the Northern Pacific traverses the
proposed new Territory of Pembina, and the
Territories of Montana, Idaho and Washing-
ton ; while the Union Pacific supplies the
Territories of Wyoming and Utah, and the
Southern Pacific finds its way to the western
ocean through the Territories of Arizona and
New Mexico.
Notwithstanding this fact, the earliest immi-
gration to all that vast region of the North-
WfSt which now constitutes the Territories of
Dakota, Pembina, Idaho, Montana, and Wyom-
ing was directed to and settled in the agrioultui al
district now known as Dakota proper. Here, in
the valley of the Missouri river, immediately
west of Iowa, the lands were purchased of the
Indians twelve years ago, and withm two years
thereafter they were surveyed and opened to
settlement under the provisions of the preemp-
tion and homestead acts of Congress. I say,
sir, notwithstanding this fact, coupled with a
mildness of climate and fertility of soil resem-
bling that of the neighboring States, Iowa and
Minnesota, there is not to day over twenty
thousand people in that Territory; and al-
though nearly t.en million acres, have been sur-
veyed by the Government, not over one tenth
of that amount has been located by actual
settlers. Even under the generous provisions
of the homestead law, oft'ering to the poor
man one hundred and sixty acres of land Cor
eighteen dollars, not five thousand homestead
farms have been made in the Territory since
the passage of said law in 1802.
Now, Mr. Speaker, why is this? Why is it
that the annual tide of immigration sets in
along the lines of railroads which penetrate
the States of Kansas, Nebraska, Iowa, and
Minnesota, and locate upon lands purchased
of railroad companies on long time at low
interest, in preference to pushing westward
into Dakota where lands equally inriting can
be procured from the Government nominally
without price, under the boasted homestead
law of Congress ?
The railroad companies of the West are
surpassing the Government to day in afford
ing inducements to the homeless and landless
of the country, in the twofold manner of offer-
ing cheap lauds at small prices on long time
and at low interest near good markets, and
the additional advantages of remunerative
labor. In my own Territory, where the lands
of the Government are free to all but remote
from railroads, the munificent homestead law
of Congress has failed to accomplish the good
results lor which it was intended; not because
the law is not generous and bountiful in its
provisions, but because nature has failed to
supply our great plains with timber and fuel
to render homesteads desirable to immigrants.
Nineteen twentieths of the whole Territory
consists of treeless but fertile prairies.
The Commissioner of the General Land
Office, in his annual report, says:
" The climate ami soil of Dakota are exceedingly-
favorable to the growth of wheat, corn, and other
cereals, while all of the fruits and vegetables raised
in thenorthern States are hers produced in thegreat-
est pertection. The wheat crop varies from twenty
to forty bushels to the acre. Oats have produced
from fifty to seventy bushels per acre and are of
excellent quality. The extensive prairies of Dako-
ta, elothed with different varieties of nutritious
grasses, afford great tacilities for the raising of sheep
and cattle."
Now, sir, this Territory has been open to
immigration and settlement for ten years, and
affords a striking example of the unsuccessful
workings of the homestead law in a country
devoid of timber and deprived of railroads.
In corroboration of this statement I send to
the Clerk's desk and ask to have read a peti-
tion from one thousand homestead settlers in
Dakota.
The Clerk read as follows:
To the honorable Members of Congress of the United
States .-
Whereas the great scarcity of timber off from the
running streams in Dakota Territory prevents the
rapid settlement of our most valuable prairie lands,
and renders it wholly unfit for actual settlement and
cultivation without railroads (o bring in lumberand
fuel; and whereas the Legislature of Dakota Terri-
tory has for the last tenyears, at each and every ses-
sion since its organization, passed memorials to Con-
gressaskingforland grants to railroads; and whereas
no land has ever been granted for this purpose
within the vast domain which constitutes Dakota
proper; and whereas the Legislature at it* last ses-
sion was obliged to pass astringent herd law tor the
protection of the homesteads on prairie lands, by
repealing all laws requiring fences in the Territory;
aud whereas the people are now compelled to over-
burden themselves vvith taxes to assist in building
necessary railroads, and haverecently voted 8200,000
as a donation to the first railroad in Dakota: There-
fore,
We, the undersigned, ionayWesettlers on the pub-
lic lands, most humbly petition, as the only means
to protect the homesteaders and settle up our vast
domain with actual tillers of the soil, that limited
grants of the wild lands be given to oid in the con-
struction of railroads to develop the Territory, and
that each grant so given embrace a. condition
that all lands granted shall be sold to bona fide set-
tlers only, in quantities not less than eighty nor
more than one hundred and sixty acres, at a price
not to exceed $2 50 per'aere. For which we will ever
pray.
December, 1871.
Mr. ARMSTRONG. Mr. Speaker, this is
the prayer of the hardy pioneers and industri-
ous husbandmen of Dakota; the actual home-
stead settlers of the western plains, who have
been patiently laboring for ten years to become
prosperous farmers on the great plains, removed
from railroads and markets. The petition of
these laboring people of the West disarms all
arguments heretofore made in opposition to the
policy of encouraging railroads by limited en-
dowments of lands. The home-seeker dreada
a lonely exile, and he would almost as soon
stlect a homestead in the moon or preempt
one hundred and sixty acres of blue sky, as to
locate with his wife and family on the green
prairies of the West thirty miles from a tree.
"The birds avoid the desert for want of trees to sing
And the sunny rills go panting for shady nooks to
hide in.
In this enlightened age women and children
will not go to live beyond the pale of civiliza-
tion, away from schools, churches, markets,
and mail routes; hence, in Dakota the settle-
ments cling to the groves and streams, but
creep cautiously and reluctantly upon the
verge of the boundless prairies. Towns are
small and scattered, settlements weak and de-
pendent, markets distant and uncertain. No
coal has been discovered in the settled portion
of the Territory, and the consequent want of
fael, together with the cost of imported lum-
ber for building purposes, will long delay the
settlement of the prairie regions unless the
national Government intercedes and opens
public highways for trade and travel through
its own great public domain. With all tha
generous proffers of free homesteads here ex-
tended to the homeless poor of the East for
the last ten years, there can be found to day
rich and arable prairie lands still unclaimed
and belonging to the Government, within sight
of the very capitol of the Territory, but are
unfortunately situated sixty-five miles from
the nearest railroad market.
Mr. Speaker, if there is any class of Ameri-
can citizens who are entitled to the same regard
from the Government that is bestowed upon
the soldiers who fought the battles of our
country, it is the hardy pioneers of the West,
who venture into tbe wilds, defying danger,
subduing the plains, establishing villages, and
planting upon the confines of the frontier the
beacon lights of American progress and civil-
ization. Hude cabins, «ncult,ured lands, bridge-
less streams, uncertain mails, isolated schools,
distant markets, and Indian dangers, are few
of the many troubles encountered by the early
settlers of Dakota. During the great Sioux
Indian rebellion of 1863—64, our mail car-
riers were killed upon the highways, farmers
were shot in their fields, and families driven
from their homes to take refuge in the barracks
of the towns. The Government was unable
to send troops to the frontier for the imme-
diate protection of the settlements, and the
militiaof the Territory was called out todefend
the lives of helpless women and children.
The farmer left his unharvested fields, the
mechanic deserted his workshop, and the mer-
chant closed his door, to join in the common
defense of life and property against ihe threat-
ened attack of the red man's knife and toma-
hawk. Notwithstanding all this, ihese brave
and deserving pioneers have never received
from the Government a dollar for their services
in defending the American border. Added to
these hardships comes a law of the last Con-
gress compelling every preemptive settler in
the Territory to pay to the Government $200
for his land before the 14th day of July next.
Now, sir, ever since the year 1860 these
neglected people have petitioned Congress to
grant limited amounts of the wild lands la
Dakota for the purpose of constructing rail-
roads into the Territory and of giving them
easy communication with the markets and
cities of the Bast, whereby they can exchange
the products of the soil for coal, lumber, and
merchandise. The oft-repeated prayer of
these petitions having received no response
from Congress, these feeble wards of the Gov-
ernment have recently voted upon themselves
a tax of $200,000 to induce the first iadroad
into the Territory. These bonds, with the
