1902
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
with the canal. The canal, when run as a
canal, was run in the interest of the city of
Washington. For some twenty years that has
fallen into disuse, so that the canal, which
used to pay some little income, and be of
some use as a commercial agency, has en-
tirely disappeared from this part of the city,
and is now unused. For a number of years
this square was a sort of stoiage ground, at a
point where there was more or less traffic.
But for twenty years that has been disappear-
ing, until now nothing of this kind is put on it.
During the last twenty-five or thirty years
the broken down shanties (if I may so term
them) upon this property have from time to.
time been rented to various parties for storage
of goods, lumber, and similar purposes, yield-
ing in this way a few hundred dollars. The
amount received in this way has been very
small. Practically, the city of Washington for
the last thirty or perhaps (ifty years has had
the use and possession of thissquare, although
it has been of no practical value to the cor-
poration, except in a few instances where it
may have received $500 or §1,000 as rent.
As a general thing the city lias not put it to
any practical use. The cit_v government is now
satisfied (and has to voted) that it is better the
public should be accommodated; that this
company which has invested $5,000,000 in this
enterprise, has hewn its way through the mount-
ains, co st.ructing a tunnel at great expense,
should have depot accommodations for this
competing line, rather than that the property
should continue tobe unused, unoccupied, and
,of but little value practically to anybody.
Mr. SWANN. Will the gentleman permit
me to ask him a question'!
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Certainly.
Mr. SWANN. 1 wish to ask the gentleman
whether the title of this property is now in the
city of Washington or iu the General Govern-
ment?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Originally the
title was undoubtedly in the General Govern-
ment; but this use of the property by the Dis-
trict in connection with the use of the canal
grew up some fifty or more years ago. The
city of Washington, in operating the canal,
took possession of this property for wharfage
and storage purposes, and for fifty years, or
perhaps longer, the city has in this way held
possession and control of the property.
Thereisa question which will of coursearise
in the mindot every lawyer, whether as against
the Government anybodycan gain an absolute
right to this property. Eveiy lawyer in the
House is certainly as well qualified as I should
bo to pass upon that question. But it is un-
doubtedly the fact that originally the title was
in the United States Government; that the
possession has been in the District of Columbia,
which has exercised control over it, renting it
for storage, <fcc.; and this control was main-
tained until last March, when for the purpose of
encouiaging this company and accommodating
the public the city relinquished any claim it
might have to the property, and authorized the
company to take possession of it for use as a site
for a depot. This was done by proper legis-
lation. Now this company, which has spent
$5,000,000 m the prosecution of its enterprise,
which has been at great expense in tunnel-
ing, &c., comes here and asks a confirmation
of this grant. In this connection they ask
facilities for getting to these depot grounds
with as little inconvenience as practicable to
the public. It will be observed that in this
bill the committee has very carefully guarded
the public interests, as well as the interests
of private individuals, so far as they are in-
volved ; and now nothing remains but for the
House to say, as I think it ought to say, that
this grant shall be confirmed. I think this
is demanded not only by the interests of the
Government, but of the city of Washington,
which is to become a great city. People talk
about Washington dying out; but, sir, there
are gentlemen here present who will live to
see in this city a settled population of five
hundred thousand inhabitants.
Now, sir, it seems to me we have suffered
long enough from having a single line of
railroad, with no proper depot accommoda-
tions. Several gentlemen have appealed to
me to allow amendments to be offered; but
T shall have to oppose all such propositions,
believing that they will only complicate mat-
ters. I will say, however, that whenever the
Baltimore and Ohio railroad, or any other
railroad company, shall present as clear a case
as this company has presented, and shall show
that the convenience of the public requires
further depot, accommodations, I will, as a
member of the Committee for the District of
Columbia, or any other committee, give such
a bill my support, in order that the public
interests may be subserved.
I see great merit in this bill. It gives this
road an opening close to the avenue, while at
the same time the avenue is protected. This
depot will be within one square of the avenue,
and near the central portion of the city. 1 do
not agree at all in excluding Washington city
from proper railroad facilities. A great many
people talk of building up Washington and
making it a beautiful city with parks andshow
grounds. I do not agree to it. If you want
to make Washington a pleasant place make
it a useful place, where people can come and
go with all the facilities which the traveling
public ought to have. Let it be as Philadel-
phia or Chicago and other places, which can
be reached with convenience, ease, and rapid-
ity. There ought to be a railroad depot not
far from the main avenue, affording every
accommodation to the traveling public. There-
fore, I am anxious to have this bill passed, so
that the city of Washington having given these
rights as far as they are concerned, Congress
shall now act in a spiritof liberality commen-
surate with what has been done by this com-
pany in aflording facilities for coming to and
going from the city of Washington. While
we are giving this company but little they are
giving the public much. I now yield to the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Poland ]
Mr. POLAND. I desire to offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I do not yield for
the purpose of having the gentleman offer an
amendment.
Mr. POLAND. I have never known an
instance where, when a member of a commit-
tee desired to offer an amendment, he was not
permitted to do so.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I desire to accom-
modate the gentleman fioin Vermont, but this
matter has been fully discussed, and the amend-
ment of the gentleman was proposed in the
committee, and the bill which 1 have report ed is
the bill which, in the opinion of the committee,
ought to be passed. This bill is the bill as it
has been perfected by the committee, and the
gentleman's proposition ought to be carefully
considered in committee and brought forward
by itself. If I yield to the gentleman to offer
an amendment, I shall have to yield to the
other gentlemen to offer amendments. I
have, Mr. Speaker, no election in the matter.
There isanothergentleman who has an amend-
ment to offer. I should like to accommodate
both of these gentlemen, but as I understand
it, the committee desires the passage of the bill
as I have presented it, without being embar-
rassed with these amendments. To admit this
amendment is really to admit another bill into
this one providing for accommodations for
another company, providing for another depot
for another railroad company.
If the gentleman will submit it as a separate
plan I will vote for it, or act for it, or go for
it m the committee or m the House; but to
have it brought in here as an amendment to em-
barrass this bill which has been perfected by
the committee, and upon a plan which has
been matured and considered in the commit-
tee, would, to my mind, destroy the effect of
the bill T have reported. I should like very
much to accommodate these gentlemen, but I
cannot do so for the reason that it is another
bill providing for another railroad, in reference
to the plan for which there ought to be a discus-
sion in the committee to perfect the bill betore
it is brought in here forthe action of the House.
For that reason I decline to allow the amend-
ment to be offered.
Mr. ARCHER. Does the gentleman decline
to allow the amendment to be read?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I have not de-
clined that, but I shall decline to allow it to
be offered.
Mr. ARCHER. Will the gentleman allow
me to have an amendment read ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I have yielded
to the gentleman from Vermont, but I am
reluctantly compelled to decline yielding to
him to offer his amendment.
Mr. CREBS. Will the gentleman allow me
to offer an amendment?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I cannot yield
to the gentleman to offer, an amendment?
Mr. CREBS. I think that amendments com-
ing from members of the committee ought to
be acted on, or read, at least, for the informa-
tion of the House.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I do not object,
to the reading of the amendments, but i do
object to their being received as a part of this
bill. I object to their being considered as
pending. This bill has been carefully perfected
by the committee, and it is the bill which in
their judgment ought to pass.
Mr. POLAND. I ask the Clerk to read my
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. —. That subject to the conditions herein-
after named the Baltimore aDtl Ohio Railroad Com-
pany is authorized to extend its road by a tunnel
through Capitol Hill, and then by the most proper
and suitable route to the line of the Baltimore and
Potomac Railroad Company, and thcnce alongside
of the said Baltimore and Potomac line to the north-
ern end of the bridge belonging to said company on
the Potomac river.
And the said Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com-
pany is further authorized to run its passeneer c.irs
from its said line northerly along Sixth street, either
upon the track of the said Baltimore and Potomac
Railroad Company, or upon a traek to be laid by the
said Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, as shall
be determined by the commissioners hereinafter
named, to a passenger depot to bo erected by >aid
Baltimore ami Ohio company, upon ground belong-
ing to the United States, lying east of said Sixth
street and south of Missouri avenue, or upon public
ground upon the west side of said Sixth street.which
ciepot shall be of such size and character in every
way and located as shall be directed bv said com-
missioners. And if said commissioners shall decide
that said Baltimore and Ohio company shall use the
track of said .Baltimore and Potomac company, in
said Sixth street, either wholly or in part, they shall
determine the compensation to be paid therefor, and
shall also decide what proportion of any dama-es
caused to the owners ofpropertyonsaid Sixth street
shall be paid by said Baltimore and Ohio company.
bsc.—. The chief of engineer* and two other suit-
able persons to be appointed by the President shall
be commissioners to select the route for the said
Baltimwe and Ohio railroad to its point of meeting
with said Baltimore and Potomac railroad, and said
commissioners shall direct in what manner said
tunnel shall be constructed.
riEc. —. The Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com-
pany shall complete said tunnel and extend their
said road as herein authorized, according to the
plans prescribed by said commissioners, and to their
acceptance, within one year after the passage -of
said act. and of failure of said company so to do all
right to extend their road by virtue of this act shall
cease.
„ S!ER'i~'iF-,by 3,u?,h extension of said Baltimore
and Ohio Railroad Company of their road any pri-
vate property shall be taken, and the said company
cannot agree with the owner or the owners thereof
as to the compensation to be paid theretor, tbuaamo
shall he ascertained and paid m the manner now pro-
the District^of Columbia.0* m'r°adS ine"W^ *
§?ltim9re and Ohio Railroad
of S? r 1 ^ ^jjkleto the same extent and rate
fi Jf i m tb?s&me manner herein provided
tor the Baltimore and Potomac Railroad Company.
i. p,xPiration of one year from the
frnm fh this act the railroad track now extending
iniPA6 ?reS?n • pot tbe Baltimore and Ohio
* intersection oi Maryland avenue
fw. « street, west, shall be removed, and its lur-
ther continuance after that time shall be deemed an
/bfit5ueh<m of the sheets in which it is
?£?ailSS ua9i Lan.^ ne,rson or company continuing
the same shall be liable to prosecution therefor.
