1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Ill
principle, and that it should be applied in some
way to all elections of Representatives of the
people. But I do not desire to discuss that
question. I only propose to discuss the pro-
priety of adopting it as applied to the amend-
ment of ray colleague. The second section,
which proposes an amendment to his bill, pro-
vides that where the Legislatures of States do
not provide for elections by districts, the addi-
tional members allowed to those States may be
elected by general ticket.
It is proposed to give to Illinois, under the
pending bill, five additional members, and to
give to other States additional members, and
when it is provided that those additional mem-
bers shall be elected by general ticket the
propriety in adopting what iscaiied ''minority
representation'' or "totality representation,"
and giving every elector an opportunity of
utilizing his vote, is most manifest. I imagine
that if it were properly understood by this
committee, they would not deny the right of
the people an opportunity of being heard in
this way by means of this principle. My col-
league says that my amendment goes further
than the application of the principle as now
applied in Illinois, and that where there were
but two members to elect, the minority would
have an opportunity of electing one of them.
Well, sir, that would depend upon contingen-
cies. If the majority in the State possessed with-
in themselves two thirds of the vote of the State,
they could under this amendment eleet the
two members; but if the majority and minority
were nearly equally divided, the right of the
minority to elect one of those members would
be most manifest.
But what does my colleague [Mr. Farxs-
woiith] propose? He proposes that where
there are five members to be elected by a
State, although there may not be two thousand
difference between parties out of four or five
liundied thousand voters, the majority shall
elect every one of those members, and the
minority shall have no opportunity to be heard
011 the floors of Congress. I say now, as I said
the other day. that the adoption of a propo-
sition producing such results would be an out-
rage. iiitheryou should adopt the amendment
I have proposed, or the amendment of my
colleague [Mr. Farnsworth] should be voted
down, and the States compelled to redistrict
so that there shall be a fair representation on
this floor. I insist upon my amendment only
upon the supposition that the amendment ot
my colleague may be adopted. If it shall be
adopted, then the amendment I have proposed
ought most unquestionably to be added to it.
It would be gross injustice, not only to the
people of Illinois and of Missouri, but toother
States where the majority would have an op-
portunity, and the temptation is held out to
them by the amendment proposed by my col-
league [Mr. Farnsworth] to refuse to district
the State, and thus allow the majority to com-
mit an outrage upon a laige poitiou of the
electors of the Slate.
In Illinois, for instance, the difference be-
tween the two parties at this tune 13 not very
great. There are probably a half million of
voters in that State, and the two political par-
ties are very nearly equal. Now, some prin-
ciple should be adopted by which the voice of
every portion of the people should be heard 1
upon this floor, and I repeat, no temptation !
should be held out by the bill which we pass |
here to induce the majority to outrage the |
minority and deprive them of any voice in j
making the laws by which they are governed. :
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGIiAM. I des<re to speak only to
fhe bill for the short time allowed nie. I ask J
the House to consider that the only difference -
between the substitute offered by the gentle- j
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Mekcur] for the ]
bill of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns- ;
worth] is, that tue bill of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Farnsworth] allows one addi-
tional member to each of three western States,
to wit: Ohio, Illinois, and Missouri. I desire
further to say that in my judgment no gentle-
man who will carefully examine the returns
of the Interior Department will say it is not
equity to allow this additional member to each
one of those States, for the reason that they
have each the population entitling them re-
spectively to it. As clear is this to my mind
as it is that each of the other States in the
Union has the population entitling them to
the number of Representatives set forth in
the bill of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Farnsworth.]
I desire to say further, in this connection,
that it is one of the distinguishing features of
the system of representation under the Consti-
tution, as compared with that under the Con-
federation, that the whole people shall be rep-
resented by an equal rule of apportionment.
Under the Confederation the Stales were rep-
resented exclusively as States, eacdi State hav-
ing one vote only. Under the Constitution the
people of all the States, as well as the States
themselves, are represented, each State being
entitled to one Representative and the people
of all the States to equal representation. It
was intended, and it was so provided in the
text of the Constitution, that the ratio of rep-
resentation should change with the popula-
tion. Hence the constitutional provision for an
enumeration every ten years, and an appor-
tionment thereupon of representation. Such,
sir, has been the practice of the Government
from its foundation to this hour.
But here stand gentlemen to-day asking us,
in substance, to overturn the very philosophy
of the representative system in the interest of
eleven small States that are in no wise affected
by the pending bill. If the bill of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Farxswortii] be de-
feated, together with the amendments, the
representation of ten of the small States will
be under the act of 1850 precisely the same as
it will be under the bill of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] while the throe
great States of New York, Pennsylvania, and
Ohio will be deprived of eleven Representa-
tives on this floor as the result of the refusal
of the House to pass the bill or amend the act
of 1850. Yet gentlemen dare to call such re-
fusal Democratic. Sir, the people will have
some account to take of this matter, of this
denial of the equal representation to which
they are entitled under the Constitution.
I am not here to represent simply the inter-
est of any one State. I stand here for the
equal right of every State, as a State, to repre-
sentation under the Constitution, 110 matter
what may be its population. I stand here as
well for the equal representation of the whole
people, as organized v/ithin the thirty-seven
States of this Union. The bill of the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Faun.swouth] meets
this requirement of the Constitution, and se-
cures this right of each of the States and of
the people of all the States. The existing law
of 1850 does not do this.
Mr. Chairman, allow me to say that instead
of meeting this requirement of the Constitu-
tion by any arithmetic that this House can
employ, the State of Ohio is deprived under
the act of 1850 of representation for 400,000
of representative population, while the State
of Vermont is allowed two Representatives 011
this floor for an entire representative popula-
tion of only 331,000. in other words, by re-
fusing to amend the act of 1850, Vermont is
to be allowed one Repre.-entalive for 105,500,
and Ohio denied one for 400.000 of her people.
Gentlemen talk about the Constitution. Sir,
it is rending it in tatters to appor.ion rep
resentaiion in that way among the States and
people of the Union. Ihe fault is not in the
Constitution ; the fault is 111 gentlemen who
stand here and refuse to legislate in accord-
ance with the express requirement of its test;
that is, to change the whole number of Rep-
resentatives every ten years according to the
increase of population, so as to equalize the
representation of all the people of all the
States.
Mr. Chairman, I have stated hurriedly my
views of the merits of the bill reported by
the gentleman from Illinois.
I venture to say in this connection that
while I am perfectly willing to stand by the
letter and spirit of the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution, I defy any man 011 this
floor, if you give us time for careful investiga-
tion, to demonstrate wherein that amendment
is departed from to the extent of a single syl-
lable in the apportionment here proposed.
Why, sir, nothing can be clearer—and I think
my honorable fiiend from New York [Mr.
Cox] will agree with me—than that under the
second section of the fourteenth amendment,
no State is to be reduced in the basis of its
representation on this floor if at the time of
the passage of the bill apportioning repre-
sentation it discriminates against no citizen in
the right to vote. No matter though a dis-
crimination may have existed when the cen-
sus of 1870 was taken, if between that time
and this the State has redressed the wrong and
removed the unjust discrimination, the pro-
vision of the Constitution requiring that the
basis of representation be reduced does not
apply. _
I desire further to say, after a careful exam-
ination of this bill and the statement of the
Interior Department, that applying the pro-
vision of the second section of the fourteenth
article of amendments, there is not a State in
the Union affected by it—not even the State
of Missouri, because the wrong alleged, if it
existed there in 1870, when the census was
taken, to the extent of the illegal disfranchise-
ment of nine thousand citizens of the United
States, has since been remedied, and no man
to-day is disfranchised in that State within the
meaning of the constitutional amendment.
This fact is well known to the whole country.
Mr. COX. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir.
Mr. COX. Tf the State of Georgia or Ken-
tucky should by law declare that persons not
able to read or write should be disfranchised,
would that be such a disfianchisement as is
contemplated by the second section of the four-
teenth amendment; and if so, what is the
difference between such a case and that of
Rhode Island?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will ex-
cuse me for not departing from my position
to answer a question not in issue, and for say-
ing that I propose and prefer to argue the bill
before us.
Admitting the case of Rhode Island to
be within the terms of the fourteenth amend-
ment, I belieie that a careful examination of
the returns will show that under the fourteenth
amendment her representation is not affected,
and that she is entitled to two Representatives
upon this floor, as provided in the bill of the
gentleman from Illinois. [Mr. Farxsworth.]
1 have gone through with that calculation; I
ask members of the House to go through with
it for themselves, if they doubt the conclusions
at which I have arrived. 1 will only state in
general terms what those conclusions are.
Mr. KING. I would like to say a word for
Missouri.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have already said that
Missouri is not within the operation of the
rule at ail, and is entitled to thirteen Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. KING. I wish to say that the nine
thousand citizens of Missouri to whom the
gentleman lias referred as having been ex-
cluded from suffrage were disfranchised in
consequence of their disloyalty.
Mr. BiNGHAM. So 1 understand.
Mr. KING. Therefore they did not come
within the provision of the fourteenth amend-
ment, so far as it provides for a reduction ill
the basis of representation.
Mr. BINGHAM. J agiee to that, but the
