1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1007
preamble, and merely aslc for an examination
into the facts relating to the subject-matter, I
suppose there would be no objection to having
that examination as broad and unlimited as
anybody could ask. But I appeal to the Senate
of the United States to say whether they are
now willing upon the demand of any Senator,
however distinguished, to lay aside all the
practical business of the people of this great
nation and take up a political debate at every
stage of our session.
That is precisely the case. If the proposi-
tion of the Senator from Massachusetts is taken
up, and we have got to vote on the preamble of
this resolution, and we have got to debate its
various statements, what will be the course?
After he speaks somebody will reply, and so
for days probably we shall go on in a political
discussion that will end finally, as all such
things do, in the appointment of a committee
of investigat ion. I appeal to the Senator from
Massachusetts, and to all Senators, whether we
should not go on regularly 111 the conduct of
the public business. If he has a resolution
•without all these preambles, simply asking an
investigation as to any particular fact or sub-
ject matter, which can give rise to no discus-
sion, there is no difficulty in passing it; but if
the Senate must follow the lead of any Senator
who desires at any moment to precipitate a
political debate on this body, we may as well
bid good-by to the business of the session, and
have it all crowded into the last stages and the
last days of the session.
I, lor one, speaking only in behalf of the
public business, without any feeling in this
matter at all, without any desire to engage in
this discussion, appeal to the Senate to stick
to the business that is before the body, and let
us dispose of the great measures which we can
act upon. Let these political discussions be
presented in a way and at a lime when they
will not interfere with the public business,
and let these resolutions of inquiry or reso-
lutions of examination ba presented in a form
to which there is no objection, and then we
can go on and dispose of them without debate.
Mr. COLE. We made very excellent pro-
gress with the appropriation bill yesterday,
getting through with nearly a third of it, after
the protracted preliminary debate in the morn-
ing on all other subjects imaginable. I
think if we are allowed to go on with the bill
now we shall get through with it perhaps at
an early hour to-day, and then the debate that
will be presented by the resolution of the
Senator trom Massachusetts would not be in-
terfered with. Otherwise it is clear to the
Senate that it will be interfered with by the
anxiety on the part of Senators to get
through with the regular business. I move,
therefore, that the Senate proceed at this time,
the morning business being over, with the
appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion of
the Senator from Massachusetts cannot be
amended. It is one of those independent
propositions that must be voted upon, and
adopted or rejected as a whole, withoutamend-
ment. It is, to proceed to the consideration
of a certain resolution specifically named, and
it cannot be amended by substituting any other
resolution or bill.
Mr. COLE. I hope, then, it will be voted
down, and if that be done, I shall then make
my motion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator's
motion will then be in order.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very sorry to be obliged
to press this matter on the attention of the
Senate. I should not do it except in the dis-
charge of what to me is a public duty. My
friend from Ohio complains of a preamble.
Had he read the preamble, or listened to it
carefully, he would have seen that it was in
the main documentary. On other occasions
I think I have heard complaints, when motions
weic brought forward for investigation, that
there were no proofs piesented, that the reso-
lutions were founded on nothing. Now, sir,
I give you a resolution founded on something,
in the main documentary, and presenting a
case of grave suspicion which has already
arrested the attention of a foreign Power 
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask if this is in order.
I appeal to the Senator from Massachusetts,
as he is one of the oldest members of this
body, whether he will, in violation of the
rule, proceed to discuss the merits of the res-
olution, the very discussiou of which will
compel the adoption of his motion.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg my friend's pardon.
I am not discussing it; I am assigning a reason
why we should consider this matter.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator is stating
not only the contents of the resolution, but
the gravity of it and what effect the facts con-
tained in it have had abroad.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair had
given notice to the remarks of the Senator
from Massachusetts, and so far as they had
progressed the Chair thought they were in
reply to the Senator from Ohio who had sug-
gested that the resolution itself might be
adopted but that there were objections to the
preamble. The Chair at that time thought
of stating to the Senator from Ohio that pos-
sibly that might be regarded as debate on the
merits ; but it has been so unpleasant for the
Chair to attempt to check Senators in debat-
ing the merits of resolutions that are pro-
posed to be brought forward, that he preferred
to let the matter pass. The Chair having had
his attention directed to the remarks of the
Senator from Massachusetts, and that Senator
having replied to the suggestion of the Sen-
ator from Ohio, will now confine the debate
within the rule, which prohibits discussion of
the merits of a proposition on a motion to
take it up.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will take
up the resolution and proceed with it. We
have already lost some time.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on agreeing to the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of the resolution named by him.
Mr. ANTHONY. I shall vote in this case,
as I have uniformly, to sustain the Senator who
has charge of the appropriation bills. I do not
believe that in the whole of my record there
can be found a case where I have not voted to
sustain him, and if we intend to transact the
public business we must take that course.
Unless the Senate will stand by him, we can-
not expect to have the appropriation bills con-
sidered until the last of the session; and then
how are they considered ? We have all seen
appropriation bills pass through this body when
the reports of the committees of conference
were not read; there was not time to read them;
and then we have been astonished and morti-
fied to find placed on them provisions that never
could have gone through this body if they had
had any proper consideration. An appropri-
ation bill should always be passed in time to
give the President an opportunity to examine
it and to veto it if he finds something improper
in it. But now the President is obliged to sign
the appropriation bills without examining them
and without reading them. It is impossible for
him to do otherwise. It is unfair for us to put
that upon him. I shall vote to sustain the Sen-
ator from California, and when this bill is dis-
posed of, which I hope will be to-day, I will
vote to give the Senator from Massachusetts as
large a space as he desires to discuss his reso-
lution, and others to reply to him.
Mr. WILSON. I think if the Senator from
Rhode Island will examine the Journal, he will
find that he is greatly mistaken. Most of our
appropriation bills pass and are acted upon
weeks before our adjournment, unless it be at
the short session. We have several months
before us. I do not think every measure of
this Congress should give way all the time to
this cry of appropriation bills. Two or three
appropriation bills I think will soon come from
the House of Representatives; they are in an
excellent condition at this time ; and I do not
think we shall have any difficulty about them.
I do hope we shall take up this resolution that
has been offered. I do not know that it is
worth while to have a long debate about it
before we investigate and understand the facts.
I think the debate had better come afterward;
but at any rate an explanation for or against it
may be made, and I think without occupying
a great deal of our time. I think we had better
take it up and dispose of it. If the Senator
who has the care of the appropriation bills will
give way for an hour or two, I think we can
dispose of the resolution without any sort of
difficulty.
Mr. COLE. It will be noticed that two
months and a half of the session have already
elapsed, and we have now before us the secoud
appropriation bill. There are a dozen yet be-
hind—^very important bills. The deficie: oy bill,
the miscellaneous bill, and the civil service bill,
are all behind, and they will require a great
deal of consideration. Now, if we are balked
on the very first attempt to get up an appro-
priation bill, even after two months and a
half of the session have passed, we may de-
spair of getting them in proper shape before
the end of the session.
The Senator from Massachusetts who last
spoke [Mr. Wilson] is certainly mistaken
about the manner of getting the appropria-
tion b'ils through. They are uniformly, from
necessity almost, crowded into the last days
of the session. It very frequently occurs that
these important bills are passed without full con-
sideration and in the last hours of the session.
They are as a rule crowded in the last hours
of the session. It is almost the custom of this
body to put those bills in that position. I
hope that may not be the case at this session.
I hope that the Senate will not now take ud
a proposition which is merely political; and
I must be indulged in saying that there aro
perhaps many propositions pending before
this body of equal importance with the one
that has been presented by the Senator from
Massachusetts, and either of which it is justas
proper to take up and discuss as the resolution
of the Senator from Massachusetts. I hope
the Senate will stand by the Committee on
Appropriations, and allow them to put through
their bills in proper shape and in good time.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. 1 would vote
for a motion to postpone the appropriation bill
until to-morrow, so that this subject, if dis-
cussed at all before the country, may be fully
discussed; but to take up this resoluiion, and
to have only the statement made in reference
to it that will be made by its mover, I am not
in favor of, and shall vote against.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to say one word—
for I feel the justice of what the Senator from
Rhode Island said so well—in excuse for the
vote 1 shall give and for the suggestions that
I before made. Without referring at all, in
the sense of the rule, to the merits of this
resolution I beg to make this remark: it is
not the importance of the resolution which
moves me, because I conceive that it has very
little importance in fact or in truth ; it is the
peculiar nature of the resolution ; and the rule
restraining me from referring to its merits, I
say no more. But I suggest to the honorable
Senator from Rhode Island that if a propo-
sition came here upon the responsibility of a
Senator, casting, for example, some gross and
hateful aspersion even upon this body alone,
and not upon the American name and the
American Government, we could hardly be
asked to defer to an appropriation bill because
it is important that an appropriation bill should
pass. It ia, therefore, I venture to suggest,
the character of this resolution, its imputa-
tions and its statements, groundless as I be-
lieve them to be, which induce me to vote for
its consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
now state to the Senator from New York that
