1904
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
to tax, we will derive not far from $10,000
annually for our school fund.
Private pi«perty on Sixth street, if damaged,
is to be paid for; and occupants of the pro-
posed site are to be paid if injured by being
compelled to surrender rights of occupancy. _
Now, sir, I have examined this question in
both aspects, as an esthetical question and as
a practical question. And I am here to-day
to say that in both of those aspects this bill
may safely be passed. If you had taken the
trouble as I have done, to pass from here down
through this reservation, you will discover that
not much can be accomplished in the way of
a public park until you get beyond Sixth street,
nothing more than to provide a broad carriage-
way, skirted on either side, perhaps, with or-
namental shrubbery and shade-trees. You
do not reach the ground which can be con-
verted into a park until you get beyond Sixth
street. This bill provides that, as you approach
Sixth street with this broad drive, this_ com-
pany shall, at its own expense, which will not
be far from $20,000, construct a broad and
arched iron bridge over this street in order
to protect the carriage-drive and the foot-walks.
As an esthetical question, I think the park
will not be materially injured by this location
of this depot, and for the reasons I have briefly
given.
As a practical question this depot is of vital
importance to all the people of this District.
All the gentlemen who have thus far partici-
pated in the discussion of this bill have dis-
claimed any idea that this city should be a
mere residence of office holders; or if they
have not, I want to disclaim it here and now.
We propose to build up hereacommunity that
shall not look to the General Government for
support; but a community that shall have its
manufactures, its places of merchandise, and
all the arts which are necessary to secure the
well-being of a prosperous community. I
hope to live to see tlie day when I shall not
be called upon hour alter hour, from morning
till night and from night till morning with
applications for office, from very deserving peo-
ple to be sure, but who have no means of earn-
ing a livelihood. 1 hope to see the time when
persons will come petitioning for greater facil-
ities for the development ot our commercial
interests. The day will come, and 1 think it
will be in your time, Mr. Speaker, [Mr. Scho-
1'ield in the chair,] when there will be a pop-
ulation in this District of not less than five
hundred thousand, who shall be too busy about
the greater concerns of this city to afford even
to accept office. Looking to the expanding
future we want to foster the useful as well as
the beautiful. While we would not mar the
beauty of any of these public grounds we do
not want to wholly ignore the piactical advan-
tages involved iu the bill.
it is proposed to locate this depot where it
will contribute most to the convenience and
economy of all our people, and of those who
may be coming to or going from Washington.
This location will save to travelers, merchants,
and others thousands of dollars annually when
compared with a remote location. We want
to have this District become popular, not only
as a place for merchandise and manufactures,
but as a place of public resort. To do that
we want the best railioad facilities, the most
convenient means of reaching the center ot
the city, and the finest and most commodious
depots that-can be given us.
i have no word to say here against the Bal-
timore and Ohio Railroad Company, yet if I
were to speak the feelings of my own people
with a view to best subserve my own position
and interests among them, I would declaim
to day in the loudest and severest manner
against that corporation. But I dare stand up
here against that public sentiment and say that
I shall never urge any disciimination against
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company
whenever it will come forward and show itself
willing to step out to the music of progress
and adapt its march to the requirements of
this era. ' _
Look at the depot which we have now tor
the accommodation of the great number of
travelers to and from this District, Etad for the
increasing shipping interests. No train of
passengers from the city of New xork can
run under cover for its entire length. If you
should come here in the morning or at night
in that train, and there should be a storm at
the time, if you happened to be in a rear car
you would have to walk from fifty to a hundred
and fifty feet in the rain; and the first protec-
tion which you would reach would not be a
depot, but a mere shed at the back of the small
depot that is not here. Mr. Garrett, the pres-
ident of that road, has told us that that depot
is not sufficient for what is now required, and
that he proposes to enlarge it. But we cannot
force him to do it if he is not willing to take
the advance. When he shows a disposition
in that direction it will be time enough to dis-
cuss his wants.
That road has discriminated against Wash-
ington in every respect heretofore. But when-
ever it shall show itself willing to come for-
ward and help us, I shall be willing to help it
here on this floor, and shall believe that in so
doing I shall represent the best interests of the
people, although I may not be representing
their sentiments and prejudices.
Now, sir, I want this bill to pass. I do not
want it embarrassed by the proposition to
establish the depot of the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad on Sixth street, for it will be found,
when that proposition is examined, that it is
impracticable. The distance is but four hun-
dred and fifty feet fiom Missouri avenue to
the utmost line where the proposed avenue
would pass through the park.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I think I can-
not yield further.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I hope the gen-
tleman will not call the previous question just
yet. Let us discuss this bill a little while.
Mr. CHIPMAN. I only want to add a
single word. 1 was remarking that the pro-
position to establish on Sixth street the depot
of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad is imprac-
ticable, because at a distance of a little more
than four hundred feet it would impinge upon
the proposed avenue through the park. I
want to protect that avenue ; for we shall see
the day when it will be necessary to the com-
fort and convenience of thousands of our
citizens, and will compose a part of a beautiful
reservation. The Baltimore and Ohio rail-
road with a depot of such limited proportions
could not properly accommodate the public.
I believe that if that company is to have a plot
of ground for thepurpose of a depot, it must be
alongside of the one we are now proposing to
give to the Baltimore and Potomac railroad—
either thator wemust take up some other prop-
osition to meet its wants. The chief objec-
tion to the amendment proposed by the gen-
tleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland] is that
it has not been considered by the committee,
and involves the important question of tunnel-
ing the Capitol ground and other equally im-
portant propositions.
Just a word more. I ask the Clerk to read
a letter with regard to the manner in which
this measure before us affects the school inter-
ests in the southern part of the city, a very
important point to be considered, and a lead-
ing consideration with me in reaching my
conclusions.
The Clerk read as follows:
Office Supeeiotexdent op Public Schools,
franklin uuildixg,
Washinutox, D. 0., March 2, 1872.
Dear Sir : I have the honor to submit the follow-
ing statements:
The large, new school building now being erected
on Virginia avenue, between J?our-and-a-half and
Sixth streets southwest, is intended to accommo-
date twelve hundred pupils.
The ground on which it stands was purchased
many years ago, and has been occupied ever since
by a dozen or more schools, located in as many
little frame shanties, which are to be superseded
by the new building. , ,
Although the site is the most central and suit-
able for the schools of that school district, and
has been used so long for that purpose, yet I
am sure the new building would not have been
erected upon it if the committee in charge had for
a moment supposed, when the contract was made,
that a railroad depot would be located on the
opposite side of the avenue, lhe noise, bustle,
excitement, and attraction, not to speak of tne
danger incident to the location of a depot in tne
immediate neighborhood ot twelve hundred school
children, must be so apparent to every one that i
think it only necessary for me to call attention to
the facts,and to state that I consider it very im-
portant to the interests of the public schools that
this depot should be located elsewhere at some
distance from the school building.
Very respectfully, J. 0. WiLS1ON,
Superintendent of 1 ubhc ^chooli.
Hon. Henry H. Stakkweathek, .
Chairman of Committee on District of Columbia.
Mr. CHIPMAN. We must treat the subject
as it is, not as we would have it. The com-
pany has the right granted by Congress to build
a depot in Virginia avenue, to do which would
ruin the school, and besides would throw all
the travel to and from the depot across the park,
greatly more to its disadvantage than to allow
the passenger trains to come across it.
If we were providing for railroad depots as
a new question, the case might be altered ; but
we are not, and must do the best under the
circumstances.
I wish I could explain further my view as
affecting our business interests, and had time
to show wherein the park project is not seri-
ously affected ; but I have exhausted the
courtesy by which I am allowed to speak.
Several Members asked consent to offer
amendments.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. Starkweather] will state to
whom he yields.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. 1 yield five min-
utes to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Ckebs.]
Mr. CREBS. I hope the gentleman will
yield to tne for a longer time than five min-
utes.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I would, if I
had time.
Mr. CREBS. The discussion thus far has
been altogether on the other side; and I think
I ought to be heard on this question.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I am willing to
give the gentleman all the time I can.
Mr. DAVVE3. I would inquire whether the
gentleman from Connecticut is limited in his
time.
Mr. RANDALL. He loses the floor at the
expiration of bis hour.
Mr. CREBS. As I understand, the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia has the
whole afternoon in which to make reports.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. Mr. Speaker, do
I lose the floor at the expiration of my hour?
The SPEAKER. Necessarily.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I desire to give
gentlemen all the time I can, aud then call the
previous question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has ten
minutes remaining.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to inquire whether
there has been any action of the House limit-
ing debate on this bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair does not know
how there could be any such action.
Mr. DAWES. 1 did not know how there
could be, and therefore I put my inquiry to
the gentleman from Connecticut. I thought
he was laboring under the impression that
debate had been limited.
Mr. (JREBS. I believe the Committee for
the District of Columbia lias the whole day in
which to report.
The SPKAKER. The Committee for the
District of Columbia is entitled to the whole
of this day from two o'clock till the adjourn-
ment.
_ Mr. CREBS. I hope the gentleman will
give me time enough to be heard.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. 1 feel constrained
