1008
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
he thinks this is debate on the merits, as is the
hypothetical case also, because if this can be
debated as a hypothetical case, a reply can be
made on the same basis, and it really opens a
debate upon the merits.
Mr. CONKLISTGL Then, thanking the
Chair for its admonition, I beg to withdraw so
much of my remarks. I suppose, however, I
shall be in order when'I say to the Senator
from California that it is not the importance
but the nature of the resolution which leads
me to vote for its consideration. So much, I
think, must be in order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is in order.
Mr. CONKLING. One other suggestion,
and I have done. The Senator from New
Jersey expresses entirely my judgment and
my feeling when he declares his unwillingness
to vote to take up a resolution which is to
receive a one-sided waft over the country and
then to be dropped, and I shall assume that
neither the urgency of the appronriation bill,
nor any sense of duty or of justice which can
address itself to Senators or to me, would
lead a majority of the members of this body
to take up this resolution and permit its dis-
cussion on one side, and then put up the bars
against its discussion on the other, even it' a
hundred appropriation bills stood waiting for
the time. 1 shall assume, therefore, that when
the resolution is taken up, all Senators alike
will have an opportunity to discuss it; that we
shall have an opportunity to demand a division
of the question b-tweeu the resolution which
calls for an inquiry and the preamble which
does something else which the rule will not
permit me to state, and vote separately upon
these propositions j vote for an investigation
the fullest, the farthest, the most searching,
and vote (those of us who please) against the
declarations and statements made ill this pre-
amble ; so that when one o'clock comes I
shall assume that we shall stand by the reso-
lution if we take it up now. Therefore, agree
ing with the Senator from New Jersey entirely,
I still persist in vofing that the Senator who
has brought this proposition here shall have
an opportunity to be heard and to be answered.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not think we ought
to take up this resolution this morning, be-
cause, as is stated, the necessary effect will be
from its nature to postpone the appropriation
bill until to-morrow. Of course this resolu-
tion is of a peculiar nature, but it is not more
peculiar than other resolutions which are on
the Calendar the merits of which 1 cannot
allude to; but if it is taken up it is very clear
we must go on with it. Therefore I hope the
Senate will refuse to take it up, as it is now
within a quarter of one o'clock, and take up
the appropriation bill which we have in hand
and finish it; and upon that ground I can ap-
peal to my honorable friend from Illinois who
insisted yesterday that that was the true prin-
ciple of action, and I agree with him to-day
on that subject.
Mr. TilUMBULL. I am sorry my friend
from Vermont did not agree with me yester-
day.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should if this bill had
been taken up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senate having dis-
agreed with me yesterday and established a
different rule fiom what I thought a proper one,
conforming as I always do to the opinion of
the Senate, I shall vote to-day to proceed with
the matter suggested by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts. The Senate, under the lead of my
friend from Vermont, yesterday overruled me
and established a rule to which I bow with
deference. I am sorry that my friend from
Vermont now proposes to change his position
and go against the rule that he yesterday estab-
lished.
Mr. MORTON. It will take just about as
much time if we go on now with the appropri-
ation bill and take up this resolution at another
time, as if we take up the resolution this morn-
ing and dispose of it} but there are certain rea-
sons why I should like to see the resolution of
the Senator from Massachusetts taken up this
morning and disposed of. That resolution is
calculated to make an impression upon the
country of a certain kind, and I think it is a
matter of justice all around that it shall be taken
up and disposed of. For one, lam ready now
to have it taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, to proceed to the consideration of the
resolution indicated by him.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution
submitted by Mr. Sumner on Monday last:
Whereas it appears from a recent cable telegram
that the committee of the French National Assem-
bly on war contracts has adopted a resolution ask-
ing the United States Government to furnish the
result of inquiry inro the conduct of American offi-
cials suspected of participating in the purchase of
arms for the French Government during the war
with Germany;
And whereas one Squire, agent of Messrs. Reming-
ton & Sons, at New York, in a dispatch dated at New
York, October 8,1870, addressed to Samuel Reming-
ton, at Tours, m Prance, near the Government of
National Defense, uses the following language: "We
have the strongest influences working tor us, which
will use all their efforts to succeed;"
And whereas, in ale tter dated at New York, "Decem-
ber 13,1871, addressed by Samuel Remington to Jules
Le Cesne. president of the armament committee at
Tour3, m France, the folio wing language is employed:
New York, December 13, 1870.
Sir: I have the honor to inform you I have re-
ceived your telegram of the 10th and Uth, ordering
the number of batteries to be reduced in number to
fifty, and informing me of instructions tothe consul
regarding the last credit to him of 3,DOO,OUO francs.
Although at the timeof thereceipt of the telegram
I had bought the whole number, one hundred, and
had paid the advance require 1, $200,000, the Gov-
ernment very willingly reduced the number to fifty.
**********
Regarding the purchase of Springfields, (trans-
formed,) Allen's system, I am sorry to say the
greatest number we may hope to get will not, I fear,
exceed forty thousand. The Government has never
made but about seventy-five thousand all told, and
forty thousand is the greatest number they think it
prudent to spare. I may be able to procure, depend-
ing upon an exchange of our arms at some future
time, for the number of breech-loading Springfields
over and above forty thousand they are willing to
let go now.
This question of an exchange, with the very friend-
ly feeling I find existing to aid France, I hope to be
able to procure more. Cartridges for these forty
thousand will in a great measure require to be made,
as the Government have but about three millions in
hand. But the Government has consented to allow
the requisite number, four hundred for each gun, to
be made, and the cartridge-works have had orders
given yesterday to increase production to the full
capacity of works. This question of making the
cartridges at the Government works was a difficult
one to get over: but it is done. The price the Gov-
ernment will charge for the guns and cartridges will
be . or as near that as possible.
Jules Le Cesne, esq.,
President Commission of Armament, &c.
And whereas the Secretary of War. under date of
January 19, 1872, addressed the following commu-
nication to the Secretary of State:
War Department,
Washington" City, January 19, 1872.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of a note from you of the 4th instant, inclosing, by
request of Mn de Bellonnet, charge d'affaires of
France, a copy of a letter from Mr. Remington to
the president of the commission of armament at
Tours, containing a series of allegations in regard to
the purchase of arms, &c.
The first of these allegations which seem to require
specific replies is, "cartridges for these forty thou-
sand will in a great measure require to be made, as
the Government have but about three million on
hand ; but the Government has consented to allow
the requisite number, four hundred for each gun,
to be made, and the cartridge-works have orders
(given yesterday) to increase production to the full
capacity of the works. This question of making
the cartridges at the Government works was a dif-
ficult oneto get over, but it is done."
In reply to that allegation, I have to say that on
the 13th of December, 1870, cartridges necessary
to supply about two hundred rounds per gun to the
model 1860 breech-loaders sold Thomas Richardson
were ordered to be manufactured at theFrankford
Arsenal, and this number of cartridges was neces-
sary to effect the sale ot the arms. The Messrs.
Remington & Sons did not buy any arms or ammuni-
tion from this Department after about, the middle of
October, 1870, nor would any bid from them lor such
articles have been entertained by the United States
subsequent to that date.
To the sccond prominent allegation which is con-
tained in the paper purporting to be a copy of a tele-
gram from Squires to Remington, and which is here-
with returned, I have the honor to reply that this
Department has no knowledge of any influence
•exerted in favor of, or for the success of. any trans-
action between the United States and Mr. Squires,
for himself or Messrs. Remington &Sons.
Very respectfully, vour obedient servant,
WM. W. BELKNAP, Secretary of War.
To the Honorable the Secretary op State.
And whereas it appearg from these several com-
munications not only that arms were sold, but that
ammunition was manufactured in the workshops
of the United States Government and sold to one
Thomas Richardson, the known attorney ot Messrs.
Remington & Sons, when the bids of the latter had
been thrown out for the reason that they were the
agents of the French Government;
And whereas it appears from the official report of
the Secretary of War that, in the year 1870-71, the
sale of ordnance store* reached the sum ot Slo.OOU.UOO,
trom which, according to the report, only a small
sum was retained to meet the expenses of preparing
other stores for sale, while the official report ot the
Secretary of the Tieasuiy for thefume year acknowl-
edges the receipt of only $8,286,131 70, showing a
difference ot over §1,700,000;
And whei eas acomparison of the accounts rendered
by the French Government fur moneys expended by
its agents in the purchase of arms from the United
States and the accounts rendered by the Govern-
ment of the United States tor moneys received in the
same transaction show a large difference, which seems
to have given rise to the suspicion abroad that Uni-
ted States officials have taken an undue part therein ;
And whereas the good name of the American Gov-
ernmentseems to be seriously compromised by these
incidents, and a just regard to national honor as well
as to the interests of the Treasury, require that they
should not be allowed to pass without the most thor-
ough inquiry: Therefore,
Resolved, That a select committee of seven be
appointed to investigate all sales of ordnance stores
made by the Governmentof the United States during
thewar between France and Geimany; to ascertain
the persons to whom such sales were made, the cir-
cumstances under which they were made, and the real
parties in interest, and the sum* respectively paid
and received by the real parties; and that the com-
mittee nave power to send for persons and papers;
and that the investigation be conducted m public.
Mr. SUMNER.^ Mr. President, I am obliged
to the Senate for its hospitality, and I will try
not to abuse it. The subject presented is grave.
It is also interesting in two different aspects:
first, as it concerns ourselves, and secondly,
as it concerns foreign Powers. All must unite
in a desire to relieve our country from sus-
picion, especially when it is a suspicion of moral
obliquity. This nation cannot afford to be
under any such suspicion. 1 shall speak of
facts only, and not of persons. If the facts
that I adduce bear upon persons or point to
persons, it will be the facts that speak, and
not 1.
Sir, I have brought forward this resolution
with infinite reluctance, after hesitation and
delay. The facts to which it refer? became
known to me, in substance, sometime before
Christmas. I have been becoming more famil-
iar with them since ; bur. I postponed calling
the attention of the Senate and the country to
them because I knew that they were laid before
the Administration : 1 knew that the attention
of the President was called to them, and also
of the Secretary of War; and I anxiously
awaited their judgment. 1 supposed that they
would institute an inquiry, or, at least, make
some statement j I had reason to believe that
they would do so. 1 was mistaken. No such
inquiry has been instituted ; no explanatory
statement has been made. I had reason to
believe that there would be a report from the
War Department explaining everything. I
awaited that report. A report from that De-
partment was presented to the other House on
the 24th day of January. Before I finish you
shallknow something of that document, and
whether that may not fall under the suspicion
which seems to attach to this whole transac-
tion.
Now, sir, at the outset there are two char-
acters that appears on the scene, one a French-
man and the other an American. The French-
man is M. Place, late consul general of his
country at New York, proceeded against in
France some time last autumn (or fraud in con-
nection with the sale of arms, tried and acquit-
ted ; proceeded against a second time in the
recent month of January, tried and convicted,
whiie on his trial figured the American who is
the next person to be introduced. Samuel
liemingtonj of Ilion, New York. Mr.' Remiug-
