3696
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
ators to vindicate the national honor? Who
crowds the ante-chambers of the State De-
partment and the lobbies of the Senate Cham-
ber in behalf of the nation's honor and the
nation's rights? Who comes here to repre-
sent the spirit of 1776 and of 1812? Who re-
minds the Government that it is better to let
the treaty go, if Britain so wills it,, and, ask-
ing nothing but what is right and submitting
to nothing wrong, reserve our claims and wait
until England's emergency is our opportunity,
as she did when she demanded Mason and
Slidell at our hands under a threat of war ?
Not one! not one!
This nation is indeed pressed to act in this
behalf under the influence of '• British gold,"
more fully and directly exerted than was ever
charged, even in, the most suspicious of news-
papers.
We are indeed threatened with the destruc-
tion of our national and individual credit in the
markets of Europe unless we yield our honor.
Let England and Europe try that coercion if they
dare. Let them consider who can stand the de-
preciation of American securities the longest—
we, with four thousand millions of their gold in
our pockets, or they, with four thousand millions
of our obligations in their safes. Let neither
the seduction of money, the menaces of Eng-
land, nor any other motive but the just preser-
vation and care of American honor and Amer-
ican rights determine the decision of an Amer-
ican Executive and an American Senate.
Mr. Speaker, there only now remains to me
the pleasant duty of thanking the House for
its very kind attention and to relieve it from
further discussion on my part.
At the expiration of the twenty minutes
allowed to Mr. Butler,
Mr. BANKS said: 1 will yield ten minutes
further to my colleague.
Mr. RANDALL. I suggest the gentleman
from Massachusetts be allowed to go on until
he finishes his remarks.
Mr. BUTLEU, of Massachusetts. I will get
through in a lew minutes.
The SPEAKER pro tempore. There is no
objection, and the gentleman has ten minutes
further,
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, continued
his speech ; and at the expiration of ten min-
utes,
Mr. HOLMAN moved, by unanimous con-
sen^ that the gentleman be allowed to proceed
until he had concluded.
There was no objection; and it was ordered
accordingly
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts, then con-
cluded his speech as printed above.
message from tiib senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Symi'son, one of its clerks, notifying the
House that the Senate had agreed to the re-
port of the committee of conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
bill (S. No. 881) to provide for the abatement
or repayment of taxes on distilled spirits in
bond destroyed by casualty.
The message farther announced that the
Senate agreed to the committee of conference
asked on the part of the House on the dis-
agreeing votes of the two Houses on a bill
(H. R. No. 1070) making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department for
the year ending June 30, 1873, and had ap-
pointed Mr. Windom, Mr. Cole, and Mr.
Stockton, as managers of said confercnce on
its part.
american claim for indirect damages.
Mr. BANKS. I now yield to my colleague
on the committee from New York—how much
time does he want?
Mr. WOOD. 1 had intended to address the
House on this question; but the lateness of
the hour will prevent; and 1 will therefore ask
permission of the House to print in the Globe
the remarks I would have made.
There was no objection ; and it was ordered
accordingly. [See Appendix.]
Mr. BANKS. I will detain the House but
a single moment in reference to this matter.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. _ If the
gentleman from Massachusetts will yield to
me, I will move that the House do now
adjourn.
Mr. BANKS. If the gentleman will with-
hold his motion for a few minutes, I will then
yield to him.
Mr. TOWNSEND, ofNew York. Very well;
I will withdraw the motion for the present.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, the precise
question before the House is whether a call
should be made upon the President of the
United States for information based on a state-
ment by telegraph of what. Sir Stafford North-
cote is reported to have said. This is an
ocean cable dispatch, and, in my judgment,
does not form such a basis as absolutely to
demand of us a resolution of inquiry. All
of us know perfectly well with what fatal
facility telegraphic dispatches pervert the
truth, and every member upon this floor who
makes speeches knows how often they are
misreported in their aerial flight over the
wires. It is not, therefore, quite possible
that this statement., coming to us by the cable,
is not exactly true. There have been numer-
ous volumes of correspondence in reference
to the Geneva arbitration transmitted to the
House. To one volume of text there are
three or four volumes of appendices ; and in
all this correspondence, and in all that has
succeeded them, it has never been intimated
by the Government of Great Britain that any
such understanding or promise was entered
into by anybody connected with the nego-
tiation as that in the telegraphic statement
alleged to have been made by Sir Stafford
Northcote. It' anything of the kind had been
understood, it would have been found in the
first place in that correspondence. It is to be
assumed, therefore, it has no foundation in
fact. Possibly it has been set afloat for the
purpose of securing a contradiction.
I think, however, my honorable colleague
takes too serious a view of this whole matter. It
is a well-established doctrine of international
law that where two nations disagree about the
terms ofa treaty,and they cannot reconcile then-
views, they can withdraw from the treaty ; for
merly it was regarded as a cause of war, but it is
not so now. And if that happens in this case, it
will not necessarily harm anybody. There need
be no fear of war, for no such result will follow.
The worst that can happen will be the failure
of the treaty ; whether that will be the result
or not, I have no means of knowing. The
natural consequence of its failure, however
much it maybe regretted, will be that the peo-
ple of both countries will rely less on diplo-
macy and more upon the wisdom and justice of
public opinion. The people of the respective
Governments will examine the subject and
decide it for themselves. .All that is wauted
to produce a perfectly satisfactory adjustment
of all our difficulties with Great Britain is that
the people of the two countries should under-
stand each other better, and more clearly
comprehend for themselves the interests as
well as the rights of the two Governments.
And I venture to say, whatever may be the
result of these negotiations, if the treaty shall
fail, and by any course of events, as may have
been contemplated, any portion of the people
of Great Britain should visit this country, rep-
resenting in any form, directly or indirectly, the
people of that country, they would be received
with the same kindness, the same generosity,
and the same enthusiasm, after the failure of
the treaty as they would have been before. It is
not the end, but the beginning of peace. The
result of it will be that the people will know
each other better, would examine their case
tor themselves, and not trust their interests
hereafter so unreservedly as now to the occult
mysteries and manipulations of diplomacy.
I now yield to the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Townsend,] who desires to move
an adjournment.
Mr. TOWNSEND, of New York. I move
that the House do now adjourn.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. SMITH, of New York,
leave was given to withdraw from the files of
the House papers in the case of 0. B. and O.
S. Latham.
The motion to adjourn was agreed to.
And thereupon (at ten o'clock and ten min-
utes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented
under the rule, and referred to tlie appropriate
committees:
By Mr. COB URN: The petitions of sol-
diers of Manchester and Richmond, Virginia;
Brooklyn, Rockport, Pigeon Cove, and Lu-
konk, Massachusetts; Catawissa, Pennsylva-
nia | Providence, Olneyville, and Cranston,
Rhode Island; Le Sueur, Lexington, Cor-
dova, St. Paul and Pleasant Grove, Minne-
sota, asking for the passage of a bill to pro -
vide industrial homes and training schools for
the orphans of the soldiers and sailors who
served in the Army or Navy of the United
States daring the war of the rebellion.
By Mr. MOORE: A petition signed by
sundry citizens of Illinois, asking additional
grants of land for the promotion of colleges
of agriculture and the mechanic arts.
By Mr. STOUGHTON: The petition of L.
A. Barnard and 550 others, citizens ot' Michi-
gan, asking the passage of House bill No.
1738. increasing the pension of soldiers totally
disabled during the late war.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 21, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washington,
District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
enrolled bills signed.
The VICE PRESIDENT signed the follow-
ing enrolled bills, which had yesterday received
the signature of the Speaker of the House of
Representatives:
A bill (S. No. 105) for the relief of J. Mil-
ton Best;
A bill (S. No. 199) for the relief of L. Mer-
chant & Co.;
A bill (S. No. 327) to establish the collec-
tion district of Duluth, and to create St. Paul,
in the collection district of Minnesota, a port
of delivery;
A bill (S. No. 518) for the relief of William
Nixon, of West Virginia;
A bill (S. No. 554) for the relief of James
F. Joy;
A bill (S. No. 674) for the relief of William
Blanchard;
A bill (S. No. 691) giving the assent of
Congress to the subscription of the District of
Columbia to the stock of the Piedmont and
Potomac Railroad Company ; and
A bill (S. No. 895) for the relief of Milo Pratt.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 2852) for the relief of
James A. McCulloh, late collector of the fifth
district of Missouri, and the bill (EL R. No.
2286) forthe relief of John Colter, were referred
to the Committee on Finance.
The bill (H. R. No. 2800) to authorize the
President of the United States to appoint one
or more commissioners to represent the Govern-
ment of the United States at the international
exposition of agricultural industry and fine arts,
to be held at Vienna, was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
