1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
US'
ratio to two hundredand forty-one thattwenty-
six ("tlie number of members Pennsylvania
would get under the bill I advocate) bears to
two hundred and eighty and therefore her
relative power in the House would be the
same. But I regard not alone the relative
power of the Stats; I look also to the interest
and convenience of her people, and if one
hundred and twenty-one thousand of herpopu-
lation were entitled to a member in 1862, why
should it require one hundred and sixty thou-
sand for a merfiber in 3872? The war has
vastly increased the business of the people at
"Washington, and while my experience here
has been brief, yet it has been long enough to
teach me that the notion prevalent in some
sections that a member of Congress has noth-
ing to do is utterly erroneous. Tt is his duty,
and it should be his pleasure, as it always is
mine, to respond to the inquiries and calls of
his constituents, and these hare become so
numerous that they engage no small portion
of his time. Nor should it be forgotten that,
under our Constitution, this House is intend-
ed to be nearer the people than any other
branch of the Government.^ It emphatically
represents them, at least in theory, and it
should be so constituted at all times as to
be the best expression of their will. The
pulsations of the public pulse, and the vibra-
tions of the public heart are, and should
be, soonest felt here; and here they should be
soonest heeded. Our sense of dependence
upon the people can be in no way so well
preserved as by bringing and keeping us close
to them, and thus making their interests our
own.
Then, Mr. Chairman, in view of our great
increase in population and of the business of
the people in the various departments at the
national capital, what reason is urged, or what
reason can be urged, here or elsewhere, against
an increase of representation? Why shall the
magnificent inarch of Pennsylvania to pop-
ulous empire be not only not rewarded with
an increase of members upon this floor, but
be met with an actual loss of members here?
It is urged, and this seems to be the chief
objection, that such an increase in the rep-
resentation as is proposed by the bill of my
colleague, will largely increase the expenses
of the Government, and therefore, as a mat-
ter of economy, it should not be made. This
objection plants itself upon popular ground,
for our people have been so tax-ridden for
many years, and so plundered by dishonest
officials and public defaulters, that they have
cause to be sick at heart, and to demand a
more careful and more honest expenditure of
the public money. But if, as I believe, and
as I have attempted in a very brief way to
show, an increase of the representation in
Congress is demanded by the interests and
the good of the people themselves, the ex-
pense of such increase will afford them no
cause of complaint.
Our country is so rapidly growing in all the
elements of greatness.—intelligence, wealth,
and population—that with an honest adminis-
tration of the Government the increased ex-
pense of forty additional members in this
House will not be felt, while the convenience
to the people, in many ways, willimmeasurably
repay the necessary cost. A great question
like this, involving the proper representation
of the people and their interests, is not to be
valued in dollars and cents, and to be determ-
ined by the considerations which would con-
trol a jockey in the sale or trade of a horse.
If, notwithstanding the terrible baptism of fire
and blood through which the nation has passed
in the last ten years, our population has in-
creased over seven millions, what may we not
expect, under the blessingof God, in the next
decade, with peace prevailing through all our
borders, our great industries protected, and
our people, with their swords turned into
pruning-hooks, and learning war no more,
uniting their energies in developing the untold
resources and wealth of the country? The
nation has stretched its giant arms from ocean
to ocean, and from the Gulf to the lakes, and
all this vast area in the coming ten years will
teem with increasing millions of people. In
legislating now for so long a period the proba-
bilities of the future should not be disregarded
in the logic nor forgotten in the action of the
present.
Passing, then, from the first branch of the
question, the number of Representatives, how
shall the apportionment be made? The second
section of the fourteenth amendment to the
Constitution provides that—
" Representatives shall be apportioned among the
several States according to their respective numbers,
counting tbe whole numberof persons in each State,
excluding Indians not taxed. But when the right
to vote at any election for the choice of electors for
President and Vice President of the United States.
Representatives in Congress, the executive and judi-
cial officers in a State, or the members of the Legisla-
ture thereof, is denied to any of the male inhabitants
of such State, being twenty-one years of age and
citizens of tli(; United States, or in any way abridged,
except for participation in rebellion, or other crime,
the basis of representation shall be reduced in the
proportion which the number of such male citizens
shall bear to the whole number of male citizens,
twenty-one years of age, in such State."
I have no doubt that the object of the per-
son who drew this section was to induce the
southern States to admit the negroes to full
political rights, by punishing them with the
loss of representation in case of their refusal.
But the words, "in any way abridged," are
very broad, and a construction is placed upon
them on this floor, by high Republican au-
thority, too, which I am sure neither their
author nor Congress intended they should
bear, and which 1 think is not sound. By the
return of the census it appears that there are
in the United States 40,380 male citizens over
twenty-one years of age whose right to vote
is "abridged" for reasons other than for par-
ticipation in rebellion or for crime.
There are of these, in Pennsylvania, 2,345,
and in the little State of Rhode Island, 2,825.
It is claimed that this number, whatever it may
be in each State, should be deducted in arriv-
ing at the correct representative population of
the State. The census returns do not show for
what causes the right to vote is "abridged"
in the several States; but it is known that in
Rhode Island there is a property test, and this
will explain the large number disfranchised
there. In Pennsylvania, however, there is
neither intelligence nor property qualification,
and the number that must be made up of luna-
tics and perhaps deserters may be included.
These classes may be deducted without seri-
ously affecting the representation to which
each State is entitled ; but it is further claimed
by the distinguished gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Shellabarger] that wherever persons are pre-
vented from voting on account of the non-pay-
ment of taxes, all such persons should be
deducted from the representative population
of the State where the disfranchisement occurs,
because, within the meaning of the constitu-
tional amendment, such disfranchisement is an
abridgment of the right to vote! This con-
struction seems to me, with deference be it
said, most absurd.
The payment of tax in Pennsylvania is a
qualification of all voters, and if they should
all, by reason of poverty or other cause, fail
to pay it, the State would be entitled to no
representation whatever in Congress! To state
this proposition is to answer it. The require-
ment of the payment of a tax is no absolute
abridgment of the right to vote, it is a mere
regulation, and on compliance with it the right
to vote, so far as this point goes, is perfect.
It operates on no special class, but on all
classes alike. It is a mere limitation, to be
removed at the pleasure of the person upon
whom it is placed. It stands precisely upon
the same ground as the right of the State to
require a specified residence in the district
before the election, which has been held by
our highest courts to be only a regulation to
secure a fair election. The Constitution of
the United States, as it now stands, declares
who are citizens of the United States and of
the several States; yet the right remains to
the States to adopt their own form of proof in
establishing this citizenship.
At the time of the adoption of this amend-
ment laws were in force in nearly all the States
requiring the payment of tax, or imposing
other restrictions, as a condition to the exer-
cise of the right of suffrage. And it cannot be
thought for a moment that in view of this
fact it was ever intended by Congress, or the
Legislatures of the States ratifying the amend-
ment, that it would bear or that it would ever
be tortured into such a construction. As
there is no way of ascertaining the exact cause
of the reported abridgment of the right of
citizens in the several States to vote, and as
the Secretary of the Interior states in his com-
munication to this House that this branch of
the census returns is not reliable, I deem it
best to accept the population of the States as
furnished and apportion the Representatives
upon it.
I believe the bill of my colleague is substan-
tially fair and just, and I shall vote for it with
pleasure, or for some bill which embodies the
same principle.
The question was taken on the amendment
offered by Mr. Butler, of Massachusetts; and
it was agreed to. .
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I desire to say a
few words concerning the practical details of
this bill, and for that purpose I move pro forma
to amend by striking out the last word.
I leave out of view the operation of the four-
teenth amendment as a matter of no import-
ance in this apportionment, and principally
for the reason that there is no reliable statistical
information upon which we can base ouraction.
The information furnished by the Census
Bureau is not only confessedly erroneous by
the admission of the Superintendent himself,
but it is voluntary in its character. It was
unauthorized by law, and hence it is improper
for us to base our action on it in so important
a matter.
I was surprised at the idea advanced by file
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] yester-
day, that, notwithstanding this fact, we were
to be bound by that information; in other
words, that although we may come with the
constitution and laws of Missouri before this
body and show that to day not a soul is dis-
franchised in Missouri, yet, notwithstanding
this highest of all evidence, it is to be out-
weighed and upset by mere hearsay evidence
of the census-takers. The idea is preposter-
ous to my mind, but I leave that out ot view.
I desire to say a few words in reply to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mercur,]
who yesterday compared the merits of the bill
of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farns-
worth] with those of his own. and in doing
so he followed a very remarkable line of argu-
ment. Assuming that the basis, the ratio, the
theory of calculation which formed the ground-
work of his own bill, he applied them to the
Illinois bill, and then proceeded, with some
show of plausibility, to indicate several errors
and apparent absurdities in that bill. This is
certainly a novel mode of testing the correct-
ness of a bill. I suppose that if we were to
measure the merits of the naval appropriation
bill by the estimates made for the Army sim-
ilar absurdities might be made to appear. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania certainly knew
that each of those bills has a separate and
distinct basis from which it starts, and that
each bill is consistent with that basis; that the
Illinois bill is consistent with the ratio adopted
by the gentleman from Illinois, and that the
Pennsylvania bill is consistent with the ratio
assumed by the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
The true question is which basis shall the
House accept, and I certainly prefer the Illi-
nois basis, which is a logical one, the result
of simple arithmetical calculations. That bill
