3698
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read tlie third time, and passed.
COMMITTEE ON FINANCE.
Mr. SCHUEZ. I move' to proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 1109.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent at this time.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I must object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Reports of com-
mittees are in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance to ask leave of the Sen-
ate during the residue of the session to sit dur-
ing the sittings of the Senate.
There being no objection, leave was granted.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. GOLDTHWAITE asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1138) for the relief of Josiah Mor-
ris ; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1139) for the relief of Portner & Reck-
ner; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
SUPPLEMENTAL APPORTIONMENT BILL.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the additional
apportionment bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill _(H. K. No 1343) sup-
plemental to an act entitled "An act for the
apportionment of Representatives to Congress
among the several States according to the ninth
census."
Mr. CASSERLY. I imagine that a good
many Senators are in the same plight in re-
gard to this bill with myself. T certainly had
not noticed the passage of the bill through the
other House. I have not the least idea of
the grounds on which the bill is rested,
hope, therefore, that the Senator from Ver-
mont, who has brought it forward here, will
give some explanation of those grounds, and,
if he will be good enough, that he will state
what is the fraction in virtue of which these
nine members are to be allotted to nine differ-
ent States.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The bill came from the
House of Representatives a considerable time
ago, accompanied by a printed report,, a re-
port No. 28. made in the House, and upon
which the House passed the bill. This re-
port perhaps explains the bill more briefly
than 1 can, and 1 will read it if there is no
objection:
"Under tho act to which this is supplemental
each State will be entitled to at least the number
of Representatives which such State has in the
present Congress, with the exception of Now Hamp-
shire aad Vermont., these two States being assigned
by that act only two Representatives each, while in
the present House thoy have three each. If the
House had pot been increased in sizo by the act of
last .February, and the nuipber of Representatives
of which the present House is composed had been
apportioned under the ninth census, the State of
New York would havp lqst three Representatives,
Pennsylvania two, Ohio two, and the States of Con-
necticut, Massachusetts, Kentucky, Maine, Rhode
Island. Vermont, and New Hampshire, one e*ch
By increasing the number of the House to two hun-
dred and eighty-tnreo, all these States were saved
their present number except New Hampshire and
Vermont,
" The recent action of Congress in increasing the
size of the House to two hundred and eighty-three,
in order to save eight States from a diminution in
the number of their Representatives, has inclined
the eommittee to recommend a further increase of
nine members, making thewjiole number two hun-
dred and ninety-two, which is be)ieved to be the
smaller number that, upon unequitable and con-
stitutional apportionment, will leave each State
with at least its present repfesentation.
"In making this apportionment the committee
have adopted the figures and table which were pre-
puied by the Interior Department, and were before
the House on a t'Qrmer occasion, apportioning two
hundred and ninety members, as follows/*
Then follows the census table which we
had on the other bill, with the apportionment
made on the basis of two hundred and ninety
instead of two hundred and eighty, as the first
act of apportionment did upon the strict cen-
sus principle:
"The committee, however, in, addition to the
twelve members assigned to fractions by the above
table, assign one to New Hampshire and one to
Florida, making, in all, a House of two hundred
and ninety-two. The reason for this is that greater
injustice will be done each of these States by not
giving it the additional Representative than to the
other States by giving it. ^
" By this apportionment, nine fetates, to wit: JN ew
Hampshire, Vermont, New York. Pennsylvania,
Indiana, Tennessee, Louisiana, Alabama, and Flor-
ida, get each one more member than the number
assigned by the bill which has already become a
law, and the committee report the accompanying
bill, giving each of these States an additional xtep-
resentative, and recommend its passage."
The whole substance of it, therefore, is that
the House, on a reconsideration of the sub-
ject, fixed the apportionment under the census
as it was sent to us before, on the basis of two
hundred and ninety instead of two hundred
and eighty, and then they make the equita-
ble addition to that, as they say, of Florida
and New Hampshire, for the reason that they
state, so that this bill is precisely upon the
principle of the other bill which we passed
from the House of Representatives, only that
the House start with two hundred aud ninety
instead of two hundred and eighty as the
basis, with the exception I have stated as to
New Hampshire and Florida. That is all
there is to it.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, though
I listened to the Senator from Vermont with
attention, and have just got the report to which
he refers, I still do not understand upon the
basis of what fractional surplus these nine
members are given to the nine States specified
rather than to any others.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Some of the States are
not given on the basis of any surplus at all.
Some are given on an equal division; that
is to say, this supplemental bill, together with
the other bill, makes the whole number of
two hundred and ninety-two based upon this
table from the Census Office which is incor-
porated in this report, and by that Alabama
gets one member with a fraction of seventy-
seven thousand in round numbers; Arkansas
gets one member with a fraction of ninety
thousand; Indiana gets one member with a
fraction of one hundred and three thousand;
Kansas get one member with a fraction of
one hundred and one thousand; Louisiana
gets one member with a fraction of sixty-
nine thousand ; Maine gets one member with
a fraction of one hundred and one thousand;
Maryland one with a fraction of one hundred
and twenty-three thousand; New Jersey gets
one member with a fraction of one hundred
and seventeen thousand ; Pennsylvania one
with a fraction of one hundred and four thou
sand; Rhode Island one with a fraction of
eighty-five thousand; Tennessee one with a
fraction of seventy-five thousand ; Vermont
one with a fraction of sixty-seven thousand.
These are the fractions, and under the basis
of two hundred and eighty, the States of Maine,
New Jersey, and Pennsylvania, then took one
each on a fraction, substantially on the same
fraction that tins basis of two hundred and
ninety gives them a member upon.
So, as I stated before, you have, taking to
getlier this bill and the other one that has
already passed, precisely such a bill as it
would have been had the House in the first
instance passed one entire bill on the basis
of two hundred and ninety, as is here stated
in this report, with the exception, as I have
already stated, of Florida and New Hamp-
shire, about which they make special provision.
Mr. BAYARD. May I ask the Senator
from Vermont what is the fraction which gives
to Florida an additional Representative ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. They take twelve of the
States having the largest fractions on the same
principle that representation has been based
for the last thirty years, just as by the act of
1840, by the act pf 18§Q, aud by tbe act of
1860 Congress went upon the theory of rep-
resenting as far down as it was thought wise to
go in order to make it as nearly equal as pos-
sible, allowing the States having the largest
fraction an additional member.
Mr. BAYARD. I asked what is thq frac-
tion of the State of Florida?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not hear that be-
fore. The fraction of the State of Florida is
less than a moiety. It is 56,323; a moiety
would be just about sixty-one thousand.
The fraction of New Hampshire is 55,450 ;
whereas a fraction equal to one half of the
ratio, would be, as before, sixty-one thou-
sand. Those two States come so near the
moiety, the difference being so small, it
was stated to the House (and upon that the
House acted) that more injustice would _ be
done by leaving them without representation
for their fraction than by giving it to them.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, this is
not a very obvious subject. I should like to
ask the Senator from Vermont, if this bill
should pass, how many members his State
would have?  
Mr. EDMUNDS. Three members; just
what it has now.
Mr. CASSERLY. One of those she receives
in the allotment of the surplus twelve mem-
bers over the figure of two hundred and sev-
enty-eight. I ask the Senator from Vermont
am I not right?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly. The Senator
will see in t.he two columns at the right under
this table the States to which one is given for
a fraction upon the principles on which we
have acted for the last twenty or thirty years,
and then the total in the last column on the
right, adding the numbers by even division and
adding the one by fractions.
Mr. CASSERLY. This table, then, disposes
ofthe whole numberoftwo hundred and ninety.
As the House is to be increased to two hun-
dred and ninety-two, will the Senato'r be good
enough to state where the other two go ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The other two go, as the
report says at the bottom, to the States of
Florida and New Hampshire, where the frac-
tion does not quite equal the moiety, which
has hitherto for sonje years past, although not
always, been considered to be the point below
which the House would not go in allowing for
fractions; and the committee state the reason
to be that, owing to the peculiar way the frac-
tions run these two States would be more un-
justly treated by excluding them than the other
States would be by letting them have the full
number.
Mr. CASSERLY. Then I understand Flor-
ida will have three.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; Florida will not
havp three.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator perhaps
did not understand me. There is more or
less conversation going on about me, and per-
haps about himself. 1 ask the Senator where
the surplus two members over and above two
hundred and ninety go if this bill should pass.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have stated to the Sen-
ator that they go, one to the State of Florida,
and one to the State of New Hampshire.
Mr. CASSERLY. So I understood.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It will add to the num-
ber in this column from the Census Office,
so that where it now reads "one" to Florida
it will be "two," and where it reads "two"
to New Hampshire it will be " three," leaving
it just as it now stands except as to Florida
and New Hampshire.
Mr. CASSERLY. The result of that, then,
I understand is that Florida and New Hamp-
shire get each one of the two additional Rep-
resentatives over and above two hundred and
ninety.
Mr, MORTON. I i$oye to amend the bill
in the fourteenth line, by striking out the
words " to the Forty-Third Congress only so
that the provision will read;
Provided, That in the election of Bepresenta-
