1906
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
importance to the people of the whole country.
It is a question of especial importance to the
people of the District of Columbia. There are
several questions involved in the bill under
consideration: one is the rights of the general
traveling public ; another is the rights of the
people of the District of Columbia ; andauother
and by far the most important of all is the right
of the whole people of the country to the land
that is to be taken by this railroad corporation
for their depot grounds, reasonably worth from
two to three hundred thousand dollars. Sir,
it is not simply a question between two great
railroad corporations. If it were, I should
have little feeling upon the one side or the
other. Here are two great railroad corpora-
tions seeking to get alocation within the limits
of the city upon which they can build their
depots. One of them has been here for a long
time; the other only comes here now, for the
first time, I believe, asking legislation in its
favor. I, for one, am willing to grant all the
aid we possibly can to this company in order
to let it have a depot where it is wanted in the
city of Washington, but am not willing to
make a grant to it from the Government for
that purpose.
It has been stated on this floor that the title
to the ground asked for by this bill is in doubt,
or that the title rests in the corporation of the
city of Washington. I have examined the
records with a great deal of care, and have
examined the statutes back for fifty or sixty
years, and have failed to find that at any
time in the past or now the title to this land
was not clearly and distinctly in the United
States. I find that there never has been in
any way, sort, or manner, or in any form, a
grant of title from the Government of this
land to the city of Washington or any one else.
The title is therefore as clearly, in my judg-
ment, in the United States to-day as is the
title of any lands which the Government of
the United States holds anywhere within the
limits of the llepublic.
Now this company comes here and asks that
the Government shall make them a donation
of this land for their depot, a demand I can-
not consent to by my vote, and I have pro-
posed an amendment requiring the company
if they desire this land to pay to the Govern-
ment of the United States whatever sum a
commission consisting of the Secretary of the
Treasury, the Secretary of War, and an Army
officer, to be designated by the President, shall
say that the land is reasonably worth, and that
until they receive from the Government a re-
ceipt for the sum so assessed the title to the
land shall not vest in the company ; but that
upon payment of the value of the same the
title shall vest in the company, and not until
then.
This company is certainly able to buy the
land if they want to establish their depot there,
and if they are not willing to buy I am not
willing they shall have the land at all.
There is another question connected with
this matter that is of importance, and that is
the due protection of the rights of the prop-
erty-holders along the streets upon which this
railroad is intended to run from Maryland
avenue to the corner of B street, only a block
removed from Pennsylvania avenue. By this
bill, as presented by the committee, I think
their rights are well guarded ; but it certainly
requires consideration.
It is claimed this will interfere with a park
that is expected hereafter to be opened by the
Government of the United States, including all
the public reservations from the Executive Man-
sion to the Capitol. I do not believe that with
the guards placed in the bill it will interfere
in any way with the proposed park. But
while we are settling this ' depot question,
which has been in dispute for years past, we
should fix it so that both the Baltimore and
Ohio railroad and the Pennsylvania Central
railroad shall have grounds for their depots,
and their locations finally determined.
Now, the proposition of the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Poland,] my colleague on the
committee, is to give the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Company ground for a depot on the
opposite side of the street on the same public
reservation. It seems to me that if one road
is allowed to erecta depot there the same right
ought to be extended to the other, for the reason,
if no other, thatthe traveling public is interested
in this matter. People are coming to the Capital
from the North, South, East, and the West,
and when they come here it is better and more
convenient for them that the depots of the
railroads should be together rather than scat-
tered over the whole city. And it is eminently
proper, as I have said, that the whole question
of location of depots should be settled, and
settled now. And if the amendment of the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Poland] is
adopted the railroad track now running along
the west side of the Capitol grounds, where
steam cars are daily passing, will be removed,
as it certainly ought to be, and another track
laid where it will not iuterfere with the beauty
of the grounds about the Capitol.
For these reasons I cannot give my con-
sent to the passage of this bill in the shape in
which it has come from the committee. If
the amendment of the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poland] shall be adopted, then I
want my amendment to apply to the land
proposed to be taken by the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company as well as to the land
to be taken by the Pennsylvania company. I
desire that both of those companies, when
they take land belonging to the Government,
shall pay to the Government what that land may
be reasonably worth. And I think the com-
mission I ha,ve named in my amendment, the
Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of
War, with an officer of the Army to be named
by the President of the United States, would
be a proper commission to settle that ques-
tion and dccide what amount the Government
should receive for this land.
The claim made here on the part of some
gentlemen that we ought to retain the control
and right over this land I think is not of the
importance they attach to it. If this com-
pany should build upon this land a depot cost-
ing $500,000, does anybody suppose that the
Government would ever take back the land?
But on the other hand the grant of the right
to use the ground is, to all intents and pur-
poses, a grant in fee.
1 now ask that my amendment be read, as
my time is about up; and I hope the previous
question will not be seconded at this time, but
that the bill may be left open to discussion
and amendment.
The SPEAKER. The Clerk will now read
the amendment which the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Crebs] desires to have read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Amend the bill by adding the following:
Provided further, That before the Washington and
Potomac Railroad Company shall take possession of
the ground for depot purposes hereby granted, a
commission, consisting of the Secretaries of the
Treasury and of the Interior, together with some
officer of the Army, to be selected by the President
of the United States, shall meet and make appraise-
ment of the fair cash valuation of the ground afore-
said, which sum so assessed shall be by said railroad
company paid into the Treasury of the United States,
receiving the Treasurer's receipt for the same; and
that on obtaining such receipt and filing the same
with the Secretary of the Interior, then in that event
all the right, title, interest, and claim of the United
States in and to the said land shall vest in and
become the property of the said company.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. This amendment
which has just been read, and upon which the
gentleman from Illinois has made some re-
marks, would work to the disadvantage of the
public and to the disadvantage of everybody.
Therefore, we cannot allow it to be offered as
an amoudment. I now hope that upon the
assurance which I give, that a large part of my
time shall be yielded to gentlemen who wish
to oppose this bill, the previous question will
be sustained.
Mr. POTTER. Pending the call for the
previous question I move that the House now
adjourn.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. If the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Kerr] and the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Potter] want time for
discussion I will give them all the time I can,
Mr. POTTER. We are much obliged to
the gentleman ; we propose to get it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. Before the ques-
tion is put upon the motion to adjourn, I desire
to move that when the House adjourns to-day
it be to meet on Monday next.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order. The House has already ordered that
there shall be a session to-morrow as in Com-
mittee of the Whole for debate only. Ihe
motion to reconsider that order has been laid
on the table, and therefore it cannot now be
reconsidered.
Mr. KERR. Is it in order to move that
when the House adjourns it shall be to meet at
six o'clock this evening?
The SPEAKER. It would be in order to
move that the House take a recess until six
o'clock.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I will give gen-
tlemen all the time they desire for discussion
that I can out of the time that will be allowed
me.
Mr. BEATTY. Will the gentleman allow
me to have an amendment read ?
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I am willing to
allow any amendment to be read.
Mr. HARRIS, of Virginia. What is the
use of reading an amendment if it cannot be
offered and discussed?
Mr. MAYNARD. Allow me to make a
suggestion. If amendments which gentlemen
desire to have an opportunity to offer are now
read, and the House shall then be called upon
to second the previous question, or to make
any other order in regard to this bill, the vote
will be.as much a test of the sense of the
House as would be a vote directly upon the
amendment.
Mr. KERR. Oh, no, it would not.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I desire to say
that when the Committee on the Judiciary,
for instance, reported a bill a few days ago,
the committee of which the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Kerr] is a member, I noticed,
as I have noticed frequently in other eases
when a great number of amendments had
been read, that they were not all received
and acted upon. I have done' all I could to
accommodate gentlemen in the matter of
discussion. The committee that has reported
this bill desires that it shall be considered
without being complicated by a great multi-
tude of amendments. The bill can be con-
sidered more understandingly as it is now
than it would be if all these amendments
were in.
Mr. KERR. I wish to make a suggestion
in reference to this bill. Will it be competent
for the House, by consent, to allow the discus-
sion on the bill to go on to-day and be con-
tinued on some other day next week?
The SPEAKER. That would require
unanimous consent.
Mr. KERR. That is what I meant to sug-
gest.
The SPEAKER. Of course it can be done
by unanimous consent.
Mr. KERR. I hope that will be done, so
that we may have a fair chance to discuss the
bill, both upon amendments and upon the bill
itself.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. W*e have a full
hour for discussion now before the arrival of
the ordinary time for adjournment.
Mr. KERR. But the gentleman refuses to
allow amendments to be offered.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I am willing to
allow amendments to be read, and if the
House wishes to adopt them it can vote down
the previous question.
Mr. POTTER. I wish to say to the gentlo
