62
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
Senate.
Sale of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Conkling.
42d Coxa....2d Sess.
"assemble" the different parts of a cartridge
in order to make it marketable, but that they
must sell these parts separated, and as raw
material.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the honorable Sena-
tor from New York just permit me a question
which I put in perfect good faith for my
information?
Mr. CON£LING. Certainly.
Mr. SCHURZ. There is one portii® of this
statute which I do not really understand, and
I should like to have his legal opinion about
it, distinguished lawyer as he is:
"Tbafc the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to cause to be sold, after
oifer at public sale on thirty days' notice, in such
manner and at such times and places at public or
private sale as he may deem most advantageous to
the public interests," &o.
Inasmuch as the Senator from New York
has referred to there being some latitude given
to him whether he is to sell at public or pri-
vate sale, I should like to know how he con-
strues this clause:
" Authorized and directed J,o cause to be sold,
after offer at public sale on thirty days' notice."
Mr. CONKLING. Is that the Senator's
question ?
Mr. SCHURZ. That is my question.
Mr. CONKLING. Will it be agreeble to
the Senator to allowmeto postpone rayanswer
for a space ? I will come to it presently.
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly. I did not mean
to interrupt the Senator's argument.
Mr. CONKLING. I meant to remark on
the mode of sale, and I am obliged to the
Senator for calling my attention to it. I pro-
ceed, however, now to complete a different
point to which I was in the act of speaking.
The Senator from Missouri understands that
the statute works a disability to prepare or put
in order for sale stores, or at least ammuni-
tion, or, more corrcctly speaking, that it does
not contemplate or admit the power to prepare
the wares for sale. I think that is his idea.
Mr. SCHURZ. I beg the Senator's pardon.
I did not say that the statute did not contem-
plate the putting together of the differeut ma-
terials out of which ammunition is composed ;
but I did say.that 1 did not think the statute
contemplated the manufacturing of ammuni-
tion for the purposes of sale.
Mr. CONKLING. Somebody has said that
words are things. I wonder if the Senator
from Missouri would say so. I stated his point
to be that under the statute they could not
before sale properly put together the different
parts of a cartridge and make it a complete
marketable thing. He says that is not his
point, but his point is that they cannot manu-
facture.
Mr. SCHURZ. 1 beg pardon.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I do not under-
stand the Senator.
Mr. SCHURZ. That the ordnance depart-
ment may put together the different materials
which constitute a cartridge there can be no
doubt in the world, for they have got to do
so for the use of the Army. The question is
this: whether a statute allowing the ordnance
department to sell material which is unsiiited,
or unsuitable as the statute expresses it, for
the use of the Army or of the militia of the
United States, permits the ordnance depart-
ment to manufacture cartridges for sale? That
is what I say.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
I suppose does not understand that this par-
ticular statute gives the power to manufacture
cartridges for use in the American Army.
Mr. SCHURZ. No, sir, that the statute
docs not give any such power.
Mr. CONKLING. Then let us lay that
matter out of the case, and let us assume that
he and I alike are discussing what might be
done under the statute now in question, and
for the purposes of the statute.
Mr. SCHURZ. Precisely.
Mr. CONKLING. Let me restate the Sen-
ator's point, because I am not one of those
who suppose advantage can be gained by mis-
stating or undervaluing the position of an ad-
versary. Let me state his point as strongly as
•I can. It is that under that statute the ord-
nance department had no right to take the
different component parts of cartridges and
put them together in finished cartridges and
then sell them. Is not that his point?
Mr. SCHURZ. Exactly.
Mr. CONKLING. So I first intended to
state it, and I think-I did. Let me examine
the point. Does the Senator think that under
that statute there is power to scour or burnish
guns in order to make them marketable?
Does the Senator think that if a thousand
pieces lack ramrods there is authority to sup-
ply the ramrods to make them marketable?
Does he think that if one hundred pieces have
lost their bayonets, there is power to make or
finish bayonets and put them on ? If he admits
this power, his argument falls to the ground?
Why ? Because the object of putting a ram-
rod upon a piece, or a nipple, or a hammer,
or a guard, would be to make it marketable as
merchandise; and if in order to make a thou-
sand pieces marketable as merchandise it is
necessary to furnish with them their comple-
ment of ammunition, the power is the same,
the purpose is the same, the legal test is the
same ; the two cases, as the lawyers say, are
on all fours with each other. Does not the
honorable Senator see that?
Now look at the proposition practically.
Here was the Government an enormous holder
' of pig lead; millions of pounds, more per-
haps than could be found in all the country
beside, were in the arsenals and manufacto-
ries of the Government. Does the Senator
think that although they could sell so many
tons of pig lead, and so many hundred pounds
of powder, and although they could sell so
much sheet copper to 'make cartridges with,
they could not put these things together and
sell them as a marketable article, if the price
and the sale not only of the ammunition,
but of the guns to go with it, depended on
the ammunition? The Senator's argument
proves too much. The statute means nothing
useful unless it implies the power to burnish
arms, to make them serviceable and market-
able, to repair them, to add a ramrod or a
bayonet; and I call the Senator's attention to
the fact that in the report of the War Depart-
ment, which once played so large a part in
this case, the report which was at first relied
on for the now post mortem discrepancy, it is
said expressly that money has been retained
to put in order the residue of the stores for
sale. The argument of the Senator would
prove that the Secretary admits that he vio-
lated the statute there. The argument would
prove that buyers must take the arms as they
were rusted on the field of battle, blemished
by the dew-fall, broken by the shock, take
them as debris and refuse instead of buying
them in good and merchantable order. This
would be absurd.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator from
New York allow me to call his attention t.o
the fact, in answer to the question of the Sen-
ator from Missouri, that the ordnance depart-
ment has authority by other statutes to go
forward at any time, whenever there is an
immediate prospect of war or an immediate
prospect of sale, to manufacture into fixed
ammunition all the raw material on hand, not
"depending upon this statute at all for that
authority ?
Mr. CONKLING. This is true no doubt.
Mr. SCHURZ. May I ask the Senator from
New York whether he has got through with
this point of the argument? I do not want to
reply to him. I shall do so at a subsequent
period, but I might now call his attention to
the question which I took the liberty of putting
to him with regard to the meaning of the
statute.
Mr. CONKLING. If" my friend is impa-
tient for my answer. I will answer him now.
Mr. SCHURZ. No.
Mr. CONKLING. If he is not, I will renew
the assurance given him a few moments ago
that I shall not omit that answer; and I will
fortify my assurance by saying that I have a
memorandum on my notes of that point, and
my memorandum, and the Senator, and I to-
gether, will be able to take care that the mat-
ter is not forgotten.
Mr. President, this statute existing, and the
ordnance department being, in the language
of Vattel, engaged in its " customary trade,"
war suddenly reddened the fields of France
and Germany. The cable flashed the news to
us, and the President of the United States
forthwith addressed to the American people a
•proclamation of caution touching their duties
as citizens of a neutral power. I ask the Sec-
retary to read that proclamation as I have
marked it in the volume which I send to the
desk. It contains a full epitome of neutral
duties.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
By the President of the United States of America.
A PROCLAMATION.
Whereas a state of war unhappily exists between
France on the one side, and the North German Con-
federation and its allies on the other;
And whereas the United States are on terms of
friendship and amity with all the con tending Powers,
and with thepersonsinhabitingtheirseveraldomin-
ions;
And whereas great numbers of the citizens of the
United States reside within the territories or domin-
ions of each of the said belligerents and carry on com-
merce, trade, or other business or pursuits therein,
protected by the faith of treaties:
And whereas great numbers of the subjects or cit-
izens of each of the said belligerents reside within
the territory or jurisdiction of the United States,
and carry on commerce, trade, or other business or
pursuits therein;
And whereas the laws of the United States, with-
out interfering with the free expression of opinion
and sympathy, or with the open manufacture orsale
of arms or munitions of war, nevertheless impose
upon all persons who may be within their territory
and jurisdiction the duty of an impartial neutrality
during the existence of the contest:
Now, therefore, I, Ulysses S. Grant, President of
the United States, in order to preserve the neu-
trality of the United States, and of their ci tizens and
of persons within their territory and jurisdiction,
and to enforce their laws, and in order that all per-
sons, being warned of the general tenor of the laws
and treaties of the United States in this behalf, and
of the law of nations, may thus be prevented from
an unintentional violation of thesame, dohereby de-
clare and proclaim that bv the actpassed on the20th
day of April, A. D. 1818, commonly known as the
neutrality law," the following acts are forbidden
to be done, under severe penalties, within the terri-
tory and jurisdiction of the United States, to wit :
_1. Accepting and exercising a commission to serve
either of the said belligerents by land or by sea
against the other belligerent.
2. Enlisting or entering into the service of either
of the said belligerents as a soldier, or as a marine,
or seaman on board of any vessel of war, letter of
marque, or privateer.
3. Hiring or retaining another person to enlist or
enter, himself in the service ot either of the said
belligerents as a soldier, or as a murine or seaman
on board of any vessel of war, letter of marque, or
privateer.
4. Hiring another person to go beyond the limits
or jurisdiction of the United States with intent to
be enlisted as aforesaid.
5. Hiring another person to go beyond the limits
ox the United fotates with intent to be entered into
service as aforesaid.
6. Retaining another person to go beyond the lim-
its ot the United States with intent to be enlisted as
alores.ud.
7. Retaining another person to go heyond the
limits ol the united States with intent to be entered
into service as atores&id. (But the said act is not to
be eons trued to extend to a citizen or subject of either
belligerent who, being transiently within the United
States,shall, on board of any vesset of war, which,
at the time of its arrival within the United (States,
was fitted and equipped as such vessel of war, enlist
or enter himself or hire or retain another subject or
citizen of the same belligerent, who is tran-ie;;tls;
within the United States, to enlist or enter himself
to serve such belligerent on board such vessel of war.
if the United States shall then be at pcace-with such
belligerent.)
