1010
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
political discussion, we shall have no hope of
getting through with the appropriation bills
this session, or in any reasonable time.
This is the exact fact. This bill is partly
considered ; it is in process of consideration
by the Senate, and thp proposition is not that
a resolution shall take precedence of this bill,
but it is to precipitate that discussion in the
tnidst of the consideration of the present
order. I hope the Senate will stand by its own
interests, and before the Senator from Massa-
chusetts has entered far upon this discussion,
while he has merely presented the outlines of
it and partly entered on the discussion, I think
this is the proper time to stop it. It must come
up in the morning hour again, and then we
may be permitted to go on with the appropri-
ation bill.
I earnestly ask the Senate to stand by us in
the consideration of this bill for the reasons I
have already given, but particularly, perhaps,
for those given by the Senator from Ohio.
They seem to my mind sufficiently weighty.
But independent of that, I see the impropri-
ety, as I believe, of the consideration of this
resolution while an appropriation bill is pend-
ing, a bill that must pas3 and ought to pass
in good season.
Sr. WILSON. Mr. President, I believe
there is something sacred in this country be-
sides appropriation bills. I believe there are
some matters of importance besides appropri-
ation bills. Daring the last seventeen years
I have heard a great deal of outcry here about
appropriation bills and the failure of appropri-
ation bills; but I do not know that I remember
more than one case where such a bill failed. ,
We can stay here all next summer if necessary
to pass our appropriation bills. I have no
anxiety about their passage. I hope the Sen-
ate will take what seems to me to be the prac-
tical view of this question. A Senator rises in
his place and offers a preamble and a resolu-
tion; statements purporting to be facts are
made in the preamble. I take it we are all in
favor of the resolution and of the investiga-
tion.
Mr. COLE. And of the discussion ?
Mr. WILSON. As to the discussion, I think
it would come a great deal better after the
examination was made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope iny friend from
Massachusetts will allow me to say a word. I
believe now I can speak for every Senator
■when I say there is not a single Senator in
this body who will oppose the investigation
demanded by this resolution on the mere state-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Summer.] The only question with me is,
whether we ought to allow anybody, however
distinguished as a member of this Chamber,
to come here and insist on discussing in ad-
vance his own statement of the case, and com-
pelling us to Vote in the form of a preamble
on facts that -we are just about to institute an
investigation into. Is it right for this body to
postpone the business of the nation to enable
a single Senator to present his own speeches
and his own views in regard to an investiga-
tion to be conducted in the future?
Mr. WILSON. In reply to the Senator
from Ohio, I will say that it may not always
be the fair thing, or, perhaps, the proper
thing to yield to one or two Senators who
choose to bring forward such propositions or
to engage in such discussions. But there is
one thing to be considered in this case, and
that is that these statements have been made, !
and they are out; they are making the tour ;
of the country; the people will read them, j
They have heard one side. I take it it will i
turn out before we are through that there are
two sides to this question.
Mr. MORTON. Only one side.
Mr. WILSON. There is another side to
the question than that already presented here,
if not two Bides. I think it is well to do this.
The credit of the country is concerned in this ,
matter, and so is the credit of the Administra- 1)
tion. I am not one of those who claim to be
specially Administration Senators, for I do
not like the word. We are United States
Senators, Republican Senators. We have an
Administration in power of our own electing.
It is our duty to do right, and it is the Admin-
istration's duty to do right; and if charges are
made against us, or made against the Admin
istration, I am willing to meet them at any
time or on any occasion. If there have been
any mistakes made, the great people of this
country are generous and charitable, and they
forgive much to mistakes of the head. If there
has been anything wrong done, when it is
proved to be wrong it will be condemned;
and, for one, I welcome the most searching
investigation, not only of the Administration,
•but of the Republicans; not only of this Sen-
ate and of the House aud of the office-holders
of the country, but of the States anywhere and
everywhere. There is a feeling in this coun-
try to-day stronger than ever before against all
sorts of peculation and defalcation and fraud.
It is not a good time for thieves in the United
States ; and I thank God that this is so.
Now, sir, I have no fear of this investigation.
I do not believe any Senator has any fear of
it. But I want to say to our friends what I
said to them on another occasion; aud I think
they are well satisfied that some of us were
right then. It is not worth while to give our-
selves the appearance before the country of
opposing the most thorough investigation.
Let us hail and welcome it. I do not want to
take up all the time of the Senate in investiga-
tions and in making charges. We all know
why a great deal of these things come here.
We are in a political canvass in the country ;
everybody understands it; the people of the
country understand it all, aud they are sub-
stantially unmoved by anything that has been
said or done in this Congress during the last
two months. I have no anxiety about the
people or about the result. Being in a polit-
ical canvass, anybody has the right ta go for
the nomination of any man he pleases for
President of the United States. He has a
right to advocate anybody he pleases, and
anybody has a right to be a candidate subject
to the decision of that body which is to meet
at Philadelphia; and I never want to hear any-
body denounced as an enemy of the Admin-
istration because he believes it is best to have
some other candidate than the present Pres-
ident. I think a man who denounces any man
for that is not a true friend of the present
Administration.
Neither do I like to hear men pick up every-
thing they can gather up, and bawl all over the
country, and undertake forsimply political pur-
poses to hurl accusations at the Chief Magis-
trate of the country. But this is to go on for
the next three months. We may as well under-
stand it here, for the country understands it
all. The country knows what it is about quite
as well as we do here, and the people have
quite as much confidence in themselves and in
the men they trust that are not in the Senate
as they have in us here in the Senate. We
must all learn one thing, that we are not great
centers around which events move in this
country. We are but fragmentary, humble
parts in a great work. _ And now I advise the
Senator from California who has the care of
the appropriation bill to let it go over until
to-morrow, and as this question has been
launched upon us let us meet it here and now,
consider it here and now, and sit here if it be
necessary during the hours of this night until
it is settled.
Mr. MORTON. For one, Mr. President, I
have no responsibility for the introduction of
this resolution, and I shall have none in regard
to the introduction of this debate. I am ready
to vote upon this resolution without one word
being said. But I have no power to avert this
debate, and if I had it I would not. We know
very well that if the consideration of this reso- |i
lution was to be postponed for any reason that !l
can be assigned by the Senator from Ohio, or
anybody else, no matter how important or
vital it might be, the very faet that we refused
to-day to consider or to hear a speech upon this
resolution which proposes to make an investi-
gation would make it the foundation fur vast
suspicions to be sent abroad over the country.
Mr. SHERMAN. My friend from Indiana
will allow me to say that that is exactly true,
and that is precisely what I, as a member of
the Senate of the United States, would not
care to yield to. You yield to what your judg-
ment does not approve because your conduct
otherwise might be misunderstood.
Mr. MORTON. So far as I am concerned
I do not yield to that fear; but as it will take
about the same time to consider it to-day as at
any other time I see no advantage to be gamed
in putting off the consideration of it. We
have no power to prevent the Senator from
Massachusetts making his speech, nor should
I seek to prevent it if I had the power. But,
as I remarked before, if we refuse to con-
sider it to-day from any cause, that will be
made the foundation for sending the most
infamous suspicions all over this country.
Why, sir, a few weeks ago the Senate of the
United States had a choice in regard to the
composition and the character of an investi-
gating committee. I do not believe there was
any Senator here who desired to avoid investi-
gation ; I believe the imputation that anv
Senator on this floor wa3 desirous to avoid any
investigation into the affairs of this Adminis-
tration was false and unjust; but because we
had a choice in regard to that matter, it was
made the occasion for sending the most infa-
mous calumnies all over this country in regard
to a majority of the Senate. We shall live
down these calumnies. The committee that
was appointed to investigate was declared at
the time to be a white-washing committee, a
committee organized to acquit; but it has
already vindicated itself from that infamous
slander. If this Administration cannot stand
investigation, it deserves not to stand at all.
There is no friend of it here that is afraid of
investigation. There shall be an investigation.
It shall be ample. We are prepared to meet
it now.
Here is a resolution that involves the most
enormous suspicions and imputations against
high officers of this Government, reaching
even to a member of the Cabinet, if not going
higher. We are prepared to hear what the
Senator from Massachusetts has to say about
it. I believe there is nothing in it. I believe
it is an immense blank cartridge. We have
heard for four months that it was coming. It
has come. We are prepared to have it explode
at once.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I do not
propose to express any opiuion as to whether
this is a blank cartridge or not. The subject
has been brought to the notice of the Senate,
aud I see no reason why we should not dispose
of it. I do not propose to enter into any'dis-
cussion of the resolution at this time. The
question now is on postponing the biil which
was the order of the day at one o'clock. We
have wasted to-day, under the lead of the
Senator from California, I suppose fully three
fourths of an hour—all the time since one
o'clock and considerable of the morning hour—
by his untimely attempts to force appropria-
tion bills "in season and out of season."
Yesterday was almost entirely wasted in a dis-
cussion about the order of business, brought
about by the Senator from California insisting
that the appropriation bill should be passci
upon when another bill was under considera-
tion; he would not even let us informally dis-
pose of it, and X think some two hours were
wasted in his thrusting his appropriaiion bill
untimely before the Senate. " In season and
out of season" he seems to delight, at the
beginning of a session, and the middle of a
session, and at all times, to, if possible, get
an appropriation bill in the way of other busi-
