1872.
THE. CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2803
; Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. And also to
t strike out the proviso. Therefore it will be in
; order to amend the proviso before it is stricken
| out, and to that end I send an amendment to
I the Chair.
! The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
■ thinks that is in order.
1 Mr. COLE. I should like to inquire if the
! section would not be amendable afterward,
1 even if this amendment of the committee were
adopted ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment cannot be amended after it has been con-
curred in. '
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I prefer to
offer my amendment now, for if the section
should be stricken out, I should not have an
opportunity to offer it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is iu order
to perfect the portion proposed to be stricken
out before the question is taken on striking out.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I send my
amendment to the Chair, and ask to have it
read.
The Chief Clerk read the amendment to the
amendment, which was to insert at the end of
the proviso in the matter which was stricken
out in Committee of the Whole the following :
And all laws regulating the hours of labor are
hereby repealed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is stated
by the Senator from South Carolina that there
is some measure of justice in passing this
amendment, as it was originally drafted with-
out the embarrassment of the proviso inserted
by the House. We all know that there was
on the statute-book at that time a law that
provided that the amount of pay in the Gov-
ernment shops should not exceed that which
was paid for the same class of labor in private
establishments iu the same neighborhood, and
this law in relation to the hours of labor did
not repeal the preceding law at all. So much
for that.
But the Senator from California speaks of
this as being an advancing age, and that this
reduction of the hours of labor is the result of
science as applied to labor Why, Mr. Pres-
ident, it is really going back to the fifteenth
century. In the fifteenth century the legis-
latures of some countries, the Parliament of
England for one, undertook to regulate the
hours of labor, and did it in the most oppress-
ive manner, making long hours and very short
pay. If we can regulate the hours of labor by
reducing them, we set an example to legis-
lators in other places which may result in their
increasing the hours of labor. I think it is a
dangerous precedent, therefore, to set at all.
Besides that, it is entirely unjust to the
mechanics and laboring men of this country.
It is a degradation of them, as I think, for ns
to set up as their masters and say how many
hours they shall labor. Why not leave that
question to themselves? I stand up here for
the laboring man, and I say he is so independ-
ent in this country that he asks no assistance
from the Senator from Massachusetts or any
other Senator. He is at liberty to work as
many hours as he pleases and for what price
he pleases. He can dictate his terms, and
ought to dictate them. B'or us here to tax all
the mechanics who are engaged in the several
States not in the employment of the Govern-
ment, all the farmers who labor from twelve
to fifteen hours a day, to support these favored
and petted men employed in our navy-yards,
arsenals, and printing offices, in working a
much less number of hours than those who pay
taxes do at home, it seems to me is entirely
wrong and unjust. I say the laboring men of
our country will not welcome any such law or
any such practice here. They know how to take
care of themselves. I know whereof I speak
in relation to this matter. They do not desire
that we shall have a privileged and aristocratic
class of laborers here or anywhere else under
the employment of the Government. Pay our
workmen well, equal to what skilled workmen
can obtain anywhere, but do not proclaim that
whoever can getinto Government employment
shall have twenty per cent, higher wages than
can be got anywhere else. A man who
works for the Government is no better than
the man who works in his own shop or on his
own farm.
Mr. President, this eight-hour law has cre-
ated immense difficulty in its administration
all over the country wherever there has been
a_ necessity for the Government to have any
kind of work done. It largely increases the
expenses of the Government. It will bring
about the day when we shall have to abandon
our arsenals and navy-yards and public print-
ing offices. We cannot conduct them unless
we conduct them on an equality with the people
at large.
But, sir, I do not desire to retard the pro-
gress of this bill, and do not desire to discuss
this question at length, for I have heretofore
done so.
Mr. SPENCER. I do believe that the Sen-
ate is prepared to repeal the eight-hour law.
I therefore move to lay the amendment of the
Senator from Vermont on the table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion on the motion to lay on the table, and
declared that the noes appeared to have it.
Mr. SPENCER. I ask for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. COLE. I suggest that we have a divis-
ion, as it takes so long to call the yeas and
nays.
Mr. SPENCER. Very well.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes seventeen 
Mr. MORTON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 24, nays 20 ; as follows :
YEAS — Messrs. Bayard, Boreman, Carpenter,
Casserly, Cole. Cooper, Davis of West Virginia,
Goldthwaite, Kellogg, Kelly, Morton, Pomeroy,
Pratt, Ramsey, Ransom, Rice, Schurz, Spencer,
Stevenson, Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, West, and
Wilson—it.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Chandler, Corbett, Edmunds,
Perry of Conneotieut, Perry of Michigan, Hamilton
of Maryland. Hamilton of Texas, Hamlin, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye, Robertson,
Trumbull, Vickers, and Wright—20.
ABSENT — Messrs. Blair, Brownlow, Cameron,
Clayton, Conkling, Cragin. Davis of Kentucky, Pen-
top, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Gilbert, Harlan,
Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Johnston, Lewis, Logan,
Norwood, Osborn, Patterson, Pool, Saulsbury,
Sawyer, Scott, Sherman, Sprague, Thurman, Tip-
tun, and Windom—30.
So the amendment to the amendment was
laid on the table.
Mr. WILSON. Now I hope we shall have
the vote.
Mr. COLE. I offer an amendment to which
there will be no objection. In the twelfth
line, after the word ,lact," I move to insert
the words " when it shall be made to appear
that such was the sole cause of the reduction
of wages."
Mr. WILSON. There is no objection to
that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Chair mean on
concurringin the amendment, made as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, as amended?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the Senate with
the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole, with the amendment that has been
added by the Senator from California.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that 1 ask for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. WILSON. Before that question is
taken I propose'to strike out the proviso.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts moves to further
amend the amendment by striking out the
proviso.
Mr. EDMUNDS. What proviso?
Mr. WILSON. The proviso at the end of
the section as it came from the House.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That has nothing to do
with the pending question of concurrence.
Mr. WILSON. But we want to perfect the
section before that question is taken.
Mr. MORTON. The proviso nullifies the
whole thing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought it was under-
stood that we would take the vote as was sug-
gested by my friend from Massachusetts who
sits farthest from me, [Mr. Sumner,] and by
myself, that the simplest way to test the sense
of the Senate was to take a direct vote on the
recommendation of the committee which was
to limit this payment to those three classes of
persons, who as we thought—a majority of us
certainly, perhaps all—were justly entitled to
have this money paid to them, although it is
going back, for the reason that they did not fail
within the scope of any of these provisions, as
we thought. If the Senate will take a vote
upon that, then we can know what to do next.
That is the simplest way, so as not to get the
thing in confusion.
Mr. WILSON. We have the right to per-
fect the section before the question is taken on
striking out. If this proviso should he stricken
out, then the question will simply be on con-
curring in the amendment with the amend-
ments that have been made to it. That pro-
viso nullifies the whule thing.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I rise to a question of
order ; whether when the committee have rec-
ommended to strike out the whole section
including the proviso, and insert something
else, a motion to strike out the proviso is in
order. I respectfully submit it is not.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
thinks it is, upon the ground that you can
amend the part proposed to be stricken out
before the question is taken on concurring in
the amendment to strike out.
Mr. WILSON. Does the Chair rule it in
order ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is in
order.
Mr. WILSON. I hope then it will be done.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not see myself
why a part of the employes of the Govern-
ment should be paid for eight hours' work the
same as if they worked ten, and other employes
should be paid only for the hours that they
worked. That is a discrimination which ought
not to exist under the same law and same
regulations of the Government, and I do not
understand the principle upon which the Sen-
ator from Vermont has acted in saying that
certain persons should be paid back pay and
certain others not. I understand that in some
of the arsenals or armories the workmen
have been paid for eight hours' labor the
same as they have been paid for ten hours'
labor in others, and that the Senator from
Vermont has an amendment which he says
embraces certain classes of persons. I do
not see upon what principle under the same
law that distinction is to be made, and, with-
out going into any discussion about it, I am
for putting them upon an equality.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The reason why the
Senator does not see it is because he does not
know the facts, and even a man as great and
good as he is cannot always see a thing unless
he knows exactly what he is talking about.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
what the facts are.
Mr. EDMUNDS. If the honorable Sen-
ator had not been talking to some one else
when I was explaining this subject before, I
should not have to do it again. That, how-
ever, was 1ns right, and therefore I have no
light to ciitieise il.
Mr. T HUM BULL. 1 beg pardon.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The point was this:
take the Spiingtield armor?, which is as far
as 1 know any tiling about, it. Here were a
certain class of persons called oilers, and a
certain other class called shop-tenders, and
