18T2.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
63
42d Cong....2d Sbss.
Sale of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Colliding.
Senate.
8. Fitting out and arming, or attempting to fit out
and arm, or procuring to bo fitted out and armed,
or knowingly being concerned in the furnishing, fit-
ting out, or arming of any ship or vessel with intent
that such ship or vessel shall be employed in the
service of either of the said belligerents.
9. Issuing or delivering a commission within the
territory or jurisdiction of the United Statosfor any
ship or vessel, to the intent that she may be em-
ployed as aforesaid. ,
10. Increasing or augmenting, or procuring to be
increased or augmented, or knowingly being con-
cerned in increasing oraugmenting, the force of any
ship of war, cruiser, or other armed vessel which at
the time of her arrival within the United States was a
ship of war, cruiser, or armed vessel, in the service
of either of the said belligerents, or belonging to the
subjects or citizens of either, by adding to the num-
ber of guns of such vessel, or by changing those on
board of her for guns of a larger caliber, or by the
addition thereto of any equipment solely applicable
to war. . „ .
11. Beginning, or setting on fotit, or providing, or
preparing, the means for any military expedition or
enterprise to be carried on from the territory or
jurisdiction of tlie United States against the terri-
tories or dominions of either of the said belligerents.
And I do further declaro and proclaim that by the
nineteenth article of the treaty of amity and com-
merce which was concluded between his Mnjesty the
king of Prussia and theUnited States of America on
the Uth day of July, A. D. 1799, which article was
revived by the treaty of May 1, A. D. 1828, between
the same parties, and is still in force, it was agreed
that " the vessels of war, public and private, of
both parties, shall carry freely, wheresoever they
please, the vessels and effects taken from their ene-
mies, without being obliged to pay any duties,
charges, or fees to officers of admiralty, ot the cus-
toms, or any others; nor shall such prizes be ar-
rested. searched, or put under legal process when
they come to and enter the ports of the other party,
but may freely be carried out again at any time by
their captors to the places expressed in their com-
missions, which the commanding officer of such ves-
sel shall be obliged to show."
And I do further declare and proclaim that it has
been officially communicated to the Government ot
the United States by the envoy extraordinary and
minister plenipotentiary of the North German Con-
federation at Washington that private property on
the high seas will be exempted from seizure by the
ships of his Majesty the king of Prussia, without
regard to reciprocity. i . i-j. t.
And I do further declaro and proclaim that it has
been officially communicated to the Government ot
the United States by the envoy extraordinary and
minister plenipotentiary of his Majesty the emperor
of the French, at Washington, that orders have
been given that in the conduct of the war the com-
manders of the French forces on land and on the
seas shall scrupulously observe toward neutral -row-
ers the rules of international law, and that they
shall strictly adhere to'the principles set forth in
the declaration of the congress of Paris ot the Ibth
of April, 1856, that is to say: first, that privateering
is and remains abolished; second, that the neutral
flag covers enemy's goods with the exception ot con-
traband of war; third, that neutral goods, with the
exception of contraband of war, are not liable to
capture under the enemy s flag; fourth, that block-
ades, in order to be binding, must be eneotive, tnat
is to say, maintained by a force sufficient really to
prevent access to the coast of the enemy; and that,
although the United States have not adhered to the
declaration of 1856, the vessels of his Majesty will
not seize enemy's property found on board of a ves-
sel of the United States, provided that property is
not contraband of war. ,
And I do further declare and proclaim that tne
statutes of the United States and the law ot nations
alike reauirothat no person within the territory and
jurisdiction of tho United States shall take part,
directly or indirectly, m the said, war, but shall re-
main at peace with each ot the said belligerents, and
shall maintain a strict and impartial neutrality;
and that whatever privileges shall be accorclea
to one belligerent within the ports of the United
States shall be, in like manner, accorded to tne
And I do hereby enjoin all the good citizens of the
United States and all persons, residing or being within
the territory or jurisdiction of the United States, to
observe the laws thereof, and to commit no act con-
trary t>o the provisions of the said statutes, or in vio-
lation of the law of nations in that behalf.
And I do hereby warn all citizens of the United
Slates and all persons residing or being within their
territory or jurisdiction, that, while the free and
full expression of sympathies in public and private
is not restricted by the laws of tho United States,
military forces in aid of either belligerent cannot
lawfully be originated or organized within their
jurisdiction; and that while all persons may jaw-
fully, and withoutrestrietion by reason ot tho afore-
said state of war, manufacture and sell within the
United States arms and munitions of war, and other
articles ordinarily known as contraband of war,
yet they cannot carry such articles upon the high
seas for the use or service of either belligerent, noi
can they transport soldiers and o&ceis ot either oi
attempt to break any blockade
fully established and maintained during the war,
without incurring the mkof hostile capture, and the
penalities denounced by the law of nations in that
behalf.
And I do hereby give notice that all citizens of
the United States and others who may claim tho
protection of this Government, who may misconduct
themselves in the premises, will do so at their peril,
and that they can m no wise obtain any protection
from the Government of the United States against
the consequences of their misconduct. '
In witness whereof, I have hereunto set my hand
and caused the seal of the United States to be
affixed.
Done at the city of Washington, this 22d day of
August in the year of our Lord 1870, and of
[l. s.] the Independence of the United States of
America the ninety-fifth.
U. S. GRANT.
By the President:
Hamilton Fish, Secretdry of State.
Mr. CONKLING. That proclamation fol-
lowed the announcement of war at once.
Before its issuance E. Remington & Sons, on
five different occasions, had been large buyers
of ordnance stores; they had bought large
amounts in lots and groups of lots. And just
here it will not be out of place for me to ask
who are the Remingtons, and who is Samuel
Remington ? A brief and sufficient answer will
be found in Senate Executive Document No.
72, of the second session of the Thirty-Seventh
Congress—a letter from the Secretary of War
sent us on the 17th of 1862. It will be
remembered that when the South was dis-
covered to be on a war footing, and the vail was
drawn aside which had partially concealed the
most hideous political and military conspiracy
of modern times, much haste and precipitation
ensued in ordering munitions of war.^ Orders
went by telegraph and by mail, and prices were
judged of as best they might be from the facts
before the authorities. Large orders went to
the Messrs. Remington, and early in 1862 Mr.
Lincoln and Mr. Stanton appointed a commis-
sion, at the head of which was the present Judge
Advocate General Holt. Robert Dale Owen,
then of Indiana, was a member, and Major
Hagner, major of ordnance, was an assistant
of the commission. Here is its report, and I
send to the Secretary, asking him to read the
brief passages I have marked first from, the
testimony of Samuel Remington and then from
the report.
The Chief Clerk read from Mr. Remington's
testimony, as follows:
" Our house has been constantly engaged in the
fabrication of arms and parte of arms for nearly
forty years, and we now possess facilities tor com-
pleting every part of the rifle and revolver second
only to one other private establishment in this coun-
try, and we had expected such an increase of orders
from the Government as would place us on a footing
more nearly approaching equality with other private
establishments. ,
4' Having business correspondence in all the prin-
cipal cities of the South, we declined all orders for
arms when there was tho slightest ground to suspect
the loyalty of the parties. As early as November,
1860, wecommenced returning orders from our south-
ern customers, and we have not furnished any one
since who was known to sympathize with the rebel-
lion. Jefferson Davis orderedT five thousand rules
for the State of MississippiinISovember,1860, which
was also peremptorily declined. In this we have only
done our duty as loyal citizens. Wo claim no credit
for performing our duty, nor do we wish to disparage
others or make uncharitable comparisons; but jus-
tice to ourselves requires us to state that we have
furnished the Governmentwithour Army and jNavy
revolvers at fifteen dollars, while it was compelled
to pay twenty and twenty-five dollars for large Q^n"
tities of a similar arm confessedly no better than
our own ; and in all our intercourse we h ave been
governed in all respects by the usages and regula-
tions of the service."
The following extracts from the report of
the commission were read :
The commission find that the Messrs. Remington
have been tor a number ot yoars manufacturers ut
arms for the Government; that they have ala.ge
and well-supplied factory for gun-work; that, upon
receipt ol the above orders, they enlarged the capa-
bility of their establishment by tne expenditure of
about one hundred thousand dollars ; that they are
woiking zealously and at extra hours to expedite
thoir work, and have now parts of all tho live
wMlVe" & also fully under way, and
J!?. Kemington'li'as 'appeared belore the
sion and stated that they desired to devote the fall
capabilities of their establishment to the us© of the
Government; that they found they could manufac-
ture pistols and rifles with fair profit to themselves
at much less prices, provided the Government would
sccure to them work for a reasonable time by giving
orders for arms to the extent given to other first-
class manufacturers; that if permitted to contract
with the Government for tho manufacture of forty
thousand rifles additional, or forty thousand Spring-
field muskets, they would agree to furnish the rifles
with saber bayonets at seventeen dollars each, or
the Springfield muskets at sixteen dollars each, and
would then charge the above ten thousand rifles, if
confirmed to them, at the rate of seventeen dollars
only; and, further, that in case their proposal, mad©
in accordance with the advertisement of the ord-
nance department, to furnish Army revolvers was
accepted, they would likewise agree to include the
number in tho above order of July 30 as forming part
of any number ordered, and at the rates stated in
their proposal. Thecommission,accepting tho above
offer of Mr. Remington, postponed action on tho
above eases, and recommended the execution of
contracts tor forty thousand Springfield muskets at
sixteen dollars, and for twenty thousand Army and
Navy revolvers at twelve dollars.
As the said contracts have now been executed ac-
cordingly on the part of the Government, they hereby
confirm the above orders of July 30 for ten thousand
Harper's Ferry rifles and of July 30 for five thou-
sand Army revolvers, according to all their terms
and conditions, provided that tho prico to be paid
for each rifle shall be seventeen dollars, including
appendages, and for each revolver twelve dollars,
including appendages; and provided farther, that
they shall, within fifteen days after notice of this
decision, execute bond, with good and sufficient
sureties, in tho form and with the stipulations pre-
scribed by law, and the regulations for the perform-
ance of the contract, as thus modified, and, upon
their failure or refusal to execute such bond, then
the said orders shall be declared canceled and of no
effect.
We are. sir, very respectfully, your obedient ser-
vants,
J. HOLT,
BOBEK'J? DALE OWEN,
Commissioners.
J. Y. HAGNER,
Major of Ordnance, assistant to Commission.
General J. W. Ripley, Chief of Ordnance.
washington, June 20,1862.
Dear Sib: In the report which we will make to
the Secretary of War in a few days we shall take oc-
casion to mention tho reduced price at which Spring-
field muskets have been contracted to be manufac-
tured, and think it would be only justice for u3 to
state that the information on which our action, in
insisting on this reduction as reasonable, has been
based, came from yourself. Haveyou any objections
to our reierring to you in this connection by name?
If vou have, of course we will not do it.
Please answer by return mail, and oblige, very
respectfully, ^ HOLT, Commissioner.
Mr. S. Remington, lllon, New York.
Office of Remington's Armoby.
Ilion, New Youk, Juw 25,1862.
Sir : We have your favor of the 20th instant, ad-
dressed to one Mr. S. Remington, and in reply havo
to say that we have no objection to your using our
name, as suggested in your report to the secretary
of War in connection with the manufacturing of tho
Springfield musket. See.
We are, very r-PectWli^ob^^ante.
Hon. Joseph How, Waehinoton, D. G.
Mr. CONKLING. These extracts establish
two things : first, that Kemington& Sons gave
all their facilities and energies to tho Govern-
ment during the war, refusing and rejecting
all offers, at whatever profit, coming from the
rebels, or from the enemies of the United
States ; second, that they volunteered to in-
form the Government that the prices offered
them were excessive, and that at lower prices
they were willing to make, because they could
make with a living profit, the arms required.
I think Samuel Jlemington may stand tor the
present upon that record. If lie wrote the
i letter which is attributed to him, I am sorry
for it; but I repeat, I think he may stand lor
, the present until some other snapper up of
I unconsidered trifles shall rummage bis pockets
| for other papers. .
I Dugald Dalgetty boasted of his loyalty; he
! said he was true to every Government as long
as it was his interest to be so. I hope that
this standard of loyalty will not be too high
for any man who, having served as the spy ol
Louis 'Napoleon, is ready in turn to serve the
