1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8090
tives in any State which by this law is given an in-
creased number of Representatives, the additional
Representative allowed to such State may be elected
by the State at large, <Ssc.
Mr. CASSERLY. Ig the effect of that
amendment to strike out all after the worcls
<'at large " on tie ^eoopd page?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Indiana does notproposathat. It can be
moved after this amendment shall be agreed to.
Mr. CASSBRLf. I da not understand the
amendment. I ask to have it stated again.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It ig to strike out
the words "to the Forty-fhird Congress only."
Mr. CASSERLY. I shall fje obliged to
oppose the amendment, unless the Senator
from Indiana can suggest a reason for it, be-
cause it leaves the practice of electing at large
opeu For an indefinite period.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the Senator if we
cannot commit to eaph State the option of
electing its additional Representative at large,
or not.
Mr. GA8SERLY. I am willing to do that
for the necessary length of ttrpte; I think the
bill does that now; but I have great objection
to allowing for an indefinite period a Congress-
man to be elected at large by a State.
Mr. MQRTON. The effect of this will be
to leave to the State the option of redisricting
the Sate so as to assign a new district to the
additional Representative or to elect this Rep-
resentative by the State at large. It is leaving
the option to the State, which I think is fair,
but 1 expressly disagree with my friend on
another point. I think it would be a good
practice and important for the States to elect
one Representative at large in the other House
to assume to represent the whole State. It
has been done upon many occasions, and I
think it would have a good effect. But the
simple effect of this amendment is to leaye it
to the option of the State whether to do that
or not. " Therefore I think the amendment is
right.
Mr. CASSERLY. Perhaps the Senator
from Indiana is right, but I do not regard his
object as desirable. As the law now stands
before us, the additional Representative allot-
ted to a State may be elected by the State
at large with the option in the Legislature to
provide otherwise. The operation of this
provision is limited to the election of Rep-
resentatives to the Forty-Third Congress. I
think that is as much option as we should leave
to the State Legislature. I do not wish to cur-
tail the discretion of the State in regard to
this or any other proper matter ; but the Sen-
ator knows, and we all know that the question
of electing members of Congress by the State
at large or by districts is an old question in the
politics of this country. The Democratic party
took the side now favored by the Senator from
Indiana, and the party then opposed to it, the
Whig party, occupied the opposite side. I
think, however, that experience has demon-
strated that the plan of electing by districts
has advantages which make it much better
than the plan of electing by the State at large.
The-whole theory of representative govern-
ment is first to bring the Representative as
near as possible to his constituents; and in
the next place, it is to divide up the voting
community into such electoral or congressional
districts, as the case may be, as will make the
responsibility of the Representative to his con-
stituents more immediate and direct. In a
State like New York, of four' or five million
people, what is the responsibility of a Rep-
resentative elected at large? It is almost
nothing. In so vast a constituency as that,
he may with impunity disregard the wishes of
any of the smaller divisions of the State.
Such a practice looks ip a direction which
I regard as one of the perilous symptoms
of the times, the direction of more central-
ization. If it is right for a State to elect one
Representative at large, she should elect them
all at large. I do not think there is any-
thing in the experience of the past that does
not run directly counter to that proposition.
The people desire to know who their Repre-
sentative is in each congressional district. They
desire to feel that he is a man acquainted with
them, \fith their wants and their interests.
They desire him to be brought as near as pos-
sible to them, because they wish to make his
responsibility to themselves as direct as it can
be made. All those objects are defeated pro
tanto by the election of a Representative at
large. It is by the conflict of different if not
opposing interests which elect in the districts
Representatives, that y.ou arrive at a just re-
sult. As harmony is the sum of concords and
discords, so the best result for the public good
is accomplished invariably by the natural con-
test, if not conflict, of interests as represented
by the different districts of the country in the
House of Representatives. On that ground,
which, indeed, deserves to be much more dis-
cussed than I feel at liberty to discuss it in the
morning hour, I shall regret to see the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana adopted.
Mr. SAULSBIJRY. I do not propose at
present to inquire into the propriety of the
passage of this bill; but I wish to ask what
will be the effect of concurring in the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Indiana.
Is it proposed that unless the State shall pro-
vide otherwise before the next election of
Congressmen then hereafter this additional
Representative shall be continued to be elected
at large, or may that apportionment be made
at any future time ?
Mr. MORION. At the option of the State.
Mr. SAULSBURY. At any time. I wanted
to make that inquiry.
It seems to me this amendment ought not
to prevail. If States are to have additional
Representatives in the next Congress, the bill
as it now stands provides they may elect such
additional Representatives by the State at
large for such period as will be necessary to
enable the State to redistrict; and we ought
not to permit this matter to go on any longer
than the next election of Representatives.
There is no necessity for continuing this any
longer than the next election. As the matter
now stands, if an additional Representative is
to be given to any of the States, it is proper
that that additional Representative shall be
eleeted by the State at large for the next Con-
gress; but there can be no reason why it
should be continued longer than that time,
because there will be ample time for each
State that is favored with an additional Rep-
resentative to redistrict the State and secure
the Representatives as has heretofore been
done.
I can see no proper advantage to be derived
from this amendment. Let us say to the
States, "If we give you additional Represent-
atives you must redistrict your States and
elect your Representatives as has been usual
and customary." Unless this is done, the
matter may lay open for ten years, and some
State that has an additional Representative
may be sending to Congress a Representative
of no particular district but a mere Represent-
ative of the Slate. Now I think if the Repre-
sentative has a constituency to which he is
responsible, it would be better and more in
accordance with what has heretofore been the
practice. I therefore am opposed to the
amendment of the Senator from Indiana.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Indiana,
to strike out the words " for the Forty-Third
Congress only."
Mr. CASSERLY. It is understood now
that the effect and design of the amendment of
the Senator from Indiana [Mr. Morton] is to
leave to the State in respect of the election of
this additional Representative an option in-
definite in time as to the manner in which he
shall be elected, whether by the State at large
or by a single district. The result of that will
be that the Representative at large will be too
often the Representative not of the people,
but of the State-house clique in his" State.
Too often he will be the man whp will best
represent the unclean rings that like a toad-
stool grow and wax strong and noisome'under
the unwholesome shade of the State-house.
Of those rings we know too much from thg
recent disclosures, some of them hot six
months old, that have shocked the country in
respect to more than one State-house in this
country, jle will too often represept a ring
of men there who are intent only on seizing
for themselves and their. acco'mpliees the
largest share of p,ublic plunder, who are the
authors or the engineers of all dishonest ar.d
vicious legislation. I say, sir, this Represent-
ative will too often be the Representative at
large of all such men and not of the people.
Your civilization everywhere, especially in the
larger States, is losing its old simplicity, and
in its increased complication it is becoming
not only more artificial but less honest.
Here is a proposition the effect of which
is to submit in nine States, and probably in
more, certainly in the nine States mentioned
in this bill, the election of an additional Repre-
sentative to Congress to just such influences
as I have been describing. I know that is not
the intention of the Senator from Indiana. I
should be very loath to believe that it was.
Yet that is the direct result of his amend-
ment. The Representative at large will not
represent in Congress the people of his State.
He will be the Representative of jobbers; of
the dishonest officials; of the plunder-hunters
who swarpi around the State-House; of the
harpies who fill with their breath the halls of
legislation.
Mr. OONELING. Let mo ask the Senator
a question. I believe this experiment went on
for some time in his own State. Did it work
in that way there ?
Mr. CASSERLY: I believe, though I am
not sure, that we elected one member in that
way ; I do not rememher who he was. I pre-
sume he was a good man. If so, it was by
his own merits and not by any merits of the
system. At all events, my State has never had
the slightest desire to repeat the experiment.
Mr. CARPHNIER. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. CASSERLY, Certainly, always.
Mr. CARPENTER. Is there any greater
evil growing out of the election of a member
of Congress by the whole State than the elec-
tion of a Governor and the State ticket by the
whole State?
Mr. CASSERLY. A great deal more. The
Governor and the State officevs are within the
State. They are chosen from different por-
tions of the State; they act within the State.
What they do is always before the people.
But in a House of two hundred and ninety-
two members, such as you now propose, sit-
ting here in Washington, hundreds and hun-
dreds of miles—in some cases thousands of
miles—from the States which elected them,
how can any man say that a Representative
elected by the State at large does in any such
sense represent the people or owe responsi-
bility to them? We know he does not. By
various parliamentary practices and devices,
by votes taken without putting the yeas and
nays upon record, by conference committees;
in a thousand other ''ways that are dark," I
will not say tricks that are vain," your Rep-
sentatives "in Congress too often evade the
responsibility which they owe the people.
They defeat the vigilance of the people. They
do this—not all, but some of them—to a de-
gree far beyond anything that can be said in
respect to the State Legislatures or of the
State officers. This, and just this, is one of
the growing difficulties and dangers of our
form of government here at the tederal cap-
ital. You propose now to intensify that diffi-
culty and that' danger by giving to the nine
States in this bill, and I know not how many
more under the new apportionment^! shall
