1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ness. I am sore that more time was wasted
yesterday in his interfering with the appro-
priation bill as lie did than ifc would have
taken to pass the bill that was regularly under
consideration when the hour of one o'clock
arrived; and probably a half dozen others.
But now we are also met by the Senator from
Ohio with a most remarkable speech. I do
not understand the Senator from Ohio. I do not
know what he means when he speaks of " our
adversaries," and of our being in the majority,
and about the red flag being thrown in our
faces like a red flag displayed at a bull-fight.
To whom does the Senator from Ohio allude?
Mr. SHERMAN. I can answer the ques-
tion, if the Senator wishes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I yield, certainly.
Mr. SHERMAN. I alluded undoubtedly
to the Senator from Massachusetts, who intro-
duced this resolution containing a preamble
that assumes the facts to be investigated. I
say that to the resolution there can be no
objection, and because of his own statement
that he believes such facts to exist there will
be no trouble at all about the investigation.. I
appeal, therefore, to the Senator from Illinois,
as one of the oldest members of this body,
whether he has ever before known a case where
a person moving an examination insisted upon
putting in a preamble the facts that he desired
to prove, especially when no one proposed to
debate the resolution.
My remark was not made in any offensive
sense to the Senator from Massachusetts who
is arraigning the Administration. I take it as
a matter of course the friends of the Adminis-
tration are in a large majoVity on this floor;
and when he arraigns the Administration and
offers a resolution to examine into their con-
duct, while we are willing to have the examin-
ation made, to have the committee appointed
in the usual way, yet we do not like to be
forced to hear a discussion about facts that are
themselves to be examined into by the very
committee that is proposed to be organized.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have always supposed
that resolutions for investigation were preceded
either by a statement of some reason in call-
ing for them or perhaps by a preamble. That
is a matter of taste, about which I will not
undertake to criticise the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts ; but I think it is usual, when any
Senator moves an investigation, to state some
reason as the basis of it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Undoubtedly, if the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts states these alleged
facts which are recited in the preamble as a
part of his speech, and will state that upon
these facts he desires the fullest investigation,
no one will object. But the fact that he states
them in a preamble requires us to vote upon
the truth or falsity of these facts before we can
proceed with the examination. That is what
I complain of in this whole matter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is a mere matter of
taste whether a Senator in offering his resolu-
tion should state the reasons for which he
offers it in writing, or whether he should state
them orally in his place. If he stated them
verbally our reporter would take down every
word that he said, and it would be published.
If he wrote them out, the reporter would take
them down, and all would be published. It
amounts to the same thing practically. It
would be very strange for a Senator to move
an investigation on a subject without any state-
ment as to the reason for moving it; and
neither the Senator from Ohio nor myself
would vote for an investigation unless there
was something to base it upon. That is a
mere matter of taste with the Senator offering
the resolution. But the point which struck
me when the Senator from Ohio was speaking
was that he should speak of "our adversa-
ries." I do not know that the Senator from
Ohio and the Senator from Massachusetts are
adversaries; certainly not upon the great
questions in this country. I do not know what
they are adversaries about. They have gen-
erally harmonized upon all the great questions
that have been agitating and have divided
parties in this country ever since I have known
them; and why we should regard anything
coming from the Senator from Massachusetts
as adversary I do not know. For one, I do
not know how to place them as adversaries.
I should not know on which side to place the
Senator from Ohio and on which the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts. They generally vote
together upon all political questions, and I
think the Senator from Ohio has no right to
assume that the Senator from Massachusetts
and other Senators are adversaries to him or
to what he calls a majority of the Senate.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not wish to inter-
rupt the thread of the argument of the Sen-
ator from Illinois 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am through. I have
nothing more to say.
Mr. THURMAN. Then I wish to make
an inquiry—I have no speech to make: I ask
if this preamble andresolution should be taken
up could not any Senator demand, or would
it not be the rule without any such demand,
that the vote should be taken first on the reso-
lution and afterward on the preamble?
Th« VICE PRESIDENT. Unquestionably
that is the parliamentary law, and the Chair
always puts it so except where the preamble
is unimportant, and then he says, " If there
be no division demanded, the question will
be taken on the preamble and resolution
together."
Mr. THURMAN. Cannot any Senator
demand a division ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
himself state, without a division being de-
manded, that the resolution would first be
acted on, and then the preamble.
Mr. THURMAN. Then where is the trouble
about it? If my colleague does not like to
vote for the preamble, let him vote for the
resolution and against the preamble.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, 1 will appeal to
my colleague, for I wish to put gentlemen on
their good behavior; is there any one in this
Senate, according to his information, who will
vote against the resolution of inquiry presented
by the Senator from Massachusetts? What
motive, then, can there be in a long debate
preliminarily on the preamble of the resolu-
tion stating the very facts to be examined into,
unless it be for a hostile political purpose?
Mr. THURMAN. But my suggestion was,
so that there need be no debate at all, that
my colleague could vote for the resolution,
and then he and all who thought with him,
without there being a debate on the preamble,
could vote against the preamble.
Mr. SHERMAN. The whole difficulty grows
out of this: the Senator from Massachusetts
knows that I feel the utmost kindness for him,
and I submit to him whether it is fair to the
persons accused in this resolution, or whether
it is fair as a matter of judicial examination, to
engage in a debate preliminary to this investi-
gation. He knows very well that there is no
opposition to a fair and impartial investigation
of the grave charges and imputations he has
made. Why not then let the resolution be
adopted and the committee appointed, and let
them investigate the case before he proceeds?
As a matter of course, if he goes on in an
indictment and arraignment of these persons,
giving his view of it, making himself an attor-
ney of the accusers, spreading out before the
Senate a mass of testimony that is to be sub-
sequently submitted for examination, it will
inevitably lead to a political debate, and the
result will be that the resolution will be adopted
and the country will suppose that somebody
or other is opposed to the resolution, when he
knows, as is admitted on all hands, that there
is no objection to the adoption of the resolu-
tion, but there is an objection to a preliminary
debate on a matter that has not been investi-
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question? I ask what he
means by a political debate? Is there.any
political question about an abuse or a wrong
if there be one?
Mr. SUMNER. There is no intentiou to go
into politics at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How is it political?
What does the Senator from Ohio mean by
a political point of view?
Mr. SHERMAN. My honorable friend from
Illinois is certainly very innocent for a gen-
tleman who has been here so long as he. Can
there be any motive under heaven in the pre-
amble of this resolution except to invite a
political discussion? My honorable friend
from New York is as eager for the fray, and
my honorable friend from .Indiana is as eager"
for the fray as my honorable friend from Mas-
sachusetts
Mr. SUMNER. I am not. I give notice
to my friend that I am not going into any
political discussion; not at all. I shall leave
it to what the Senator calls his adversaries to
do that. [Laughter.]
Mr. SHERMAN. It is perfectly manifest
and patent what this is. If the Senator wishes
what he says he does, an investigation, he can
have it freely. But he wants to tread upon
somebody. He is like the Irishman of Donny-
brook fair: he wants to tread upon some-
body's coat-tail and have a fight. I have no
objection to these Senators fighting, debating,
discussing; I am always interested in their
debates; but I do object to the postponement
of the public business to this scholastic and
forensic and political debate, for it will be all
this. If the Senator from Massachusetts will,,
in the old-fashioned way, having stated the
grounds of his suspicion and belief, having
stated the accusations made in regard to the
sale of these arms, involving as they do to some
extent the conduct of our foreign relations,
simply say that he desires that these matters
shall be fairly and fully investigated by a com-
mittee appointed by the Presiding Officer of
the body, we will all say amen; we will all
agree heartily. Then the investigation will be
made, and the Senator from California will be
made happy by the passage of his appropria-
tion bill, and we shall be all on good terms with
each other. Bat if, on the other hand, he
insists upon it that he shall try these things
first, before the examination, and that they
shall be debated prior to the examination, then
we have what I call a political discussion be-
tween the adversaries of the proposition on the
one hand and those of a different view on the
other. And here my friend from Massachu-
setts leads off as one of the adversaries; accus-
ing by facts -not yet proven, facts that are to
be submitted to examination, high officers of
this Government, and involving grave derelic-
tions of public duty, not only in our domestic
but in our foreign relations. Therefore it is
to that I object, not to the adoption of the reso-
lution, but to the postponement of the regular
order of business.
Mr. COLE. The present motion I believe
is one to postpone the appropriation bill for
the purpose of continuing the discussion upon
the resolution of the Senator from Massachu-
setts. The motion is made by the Senator
from Illinois. He takes occasion to find some
fault with me for persisting in requiring the
consideration of the appropriation bills. The
Senate will bear me out that on the 9th of Feb-
ruary last, when this bill was reported, I gave
notice that I should call it up yesterday after
the morning hour and insist npon its consider-
ation, no matter wh.it other propositions or
business might be proposed or suggested. The
Senator from Illinois at that time was very
anxious to dispose of a bill from his committee
for retiring superannuated or infirm judges.
Notwithstanding the notice thathad been given
by me, he insisted upon that bill, and so con-
sumed a very large part oI the time that was
wasted yesterday. And now, against the reg-
ular order, against the bill that is fairly under
