1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1907
man from Connecticut, as lie addresses some
of his remarks to me 
Mr. BINGHAM. I rise to a question of
order. Is debate in order ?
The SPEAKER. It is not. Two undebat-
able motions are pending.
The question being taken on the motion to
adjourn, there were—ayes 44, noes 86.
Mr. POTTER. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 51, nays 109, not voting
80; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Adams, Archer, Arthur, Beck,
James G. Blair, Caldwell. Campbell, Carroll, Co-
burn, Conner, Crossland, Davis, Dawes, Duke, F i n k -
elnburg, Garfield, Golladay, Handley, John '1. Har-
ris, Havens, Hay, Herndon, Ilibbard, Kendall, Ken-,
King, Lewis, Hanson, MeGrew, Mellenry, Meln-
tyro, McNeely, Merrick, Monroe, Morgan, Niblack,
Potter, Read, Edward Y. Itice, John M. Bice,
Ritchie. Shober, Snyder. Storm, Stowell. Swann,
Terry, Upson, Van Trump, Willard, and Winches-
ter—51.
NAYS —Messrs. Acker, Ames, AveriU, Barber,
Beatty, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Austin Blair, Braxton,
Bright, George M. Brooks. Buckley, Buffinton,
Burchard, Burdetl, Conger, Cotton, Crebs, Critcher,
Ciocker, Darrall, Dickey, Donnan, Dox, Du Bose,
Dunnell, Earnos, Eldredge, Elliott, Ilenry D. Foster.
"Wilder 1). Foster, Frye, Getz, Hale, Hanks, Harmer,
Harper, Hawley, Hays, John W. Hazelton, Hoar,
Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Keteham, Killinger,
Lamison, Lamport, Lansing, Leach, Marshall, May-
nard, McClelland, McCrary, McJunkin, Mc-Kinney,
Merriam, Morey, Leonard Myers, Negley, Packard,
Packer, Palmer, Hosea AV". Parker, Isaac C.Parker,
Peek, Pendleton, Perce, Aaron F. Perry, Eli Perry,
Peters, Prindle, Randall, Ellis H. Roberts, Rogers,
Sargent, Sawyer. Seoficld, Sessions, Shanks, Shel-
don, Shenvood, Shoemaker, Sloeuin, Sloss, Thomas
J. Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens, Stough-
ton, Sutherland, Taife, Tliomas. Washington Town-
send, Turner, Tyner, Voorhees, Waddell, Wakeman,
Walden. Waldron, Warren, Wells, Wheeler, Whit-
thorne, Williams of Indiana, Williams of New York,
and Young—100.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ambler, Banks, Barnum,
Barry, Bell, Beveridge, Bigby, Boles, JamesBrooks,
Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick R. Butler, William
T. Olark, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, Coghlan, Coiningo,
Cox, Creely, De Large, Duell, Ely, Farnsworth,
Farwell, Forker, Charles Foster, Garrett, Goodrich,
Grillitli, Haldeman, llalsey, Ilambleton, Haneook,
George E. Harris, Gerry W. Hazelton, Hereford,
Hill, Holman. ICcllogg, Kinsella, Lowe, Lynch, Mc-
Cormick, McKee, Mcrcur, Benjamin F. Meyers,
Mitchell, Moore, Morphis, Orr, Piatt, Poland, Por-
ter, Price, Iiainey, Williaan 11. Roberts, Robinson,
Roosevelt, Rusk, Seeley, Shellabarger, Slater, 11.
Boaadinan Smith, John A. Smith, AVorthington C.
Smith, Snapp, R. Milton Speer, Stevenson, Strong,
St. John, Sypher, DwigbtTownsend. Tuthill, Twich-
ell, Vauglian, Wallace, Walls, Whitcley, Jeremiah
M. Wilson, John T. Wilson, and Wood—80.
So the House refused to adjourn.
The question then recurred on seconding
the demand I'or the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. In order to test
the sense of the House more quickly than it
can be tested in any other way, 1 move to lay
the bill on the table.
On the motion there were—ayes 40, noes 80.
Mr. BEATTY. I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
MESSAGE ER05I THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Symp-
son", one of its clerks, announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles,
with amendments; in which the concurrence
of the House was requested:
An act (H. R. No. G22) granting a pension
to liichard B. Crawford ; and
Au act (H. R. No. 1866) for the relief of
Mrs. Frances A. McKintiey.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, the bill
(H. R. No. 1213) defining the rights of part
owners of vessels in certain cases.
The message further announced that the
Senate had passed bills of the following titles;
in which the concurrence of the House was
requested:
An act (S. No. 710) to refund certain duties
paid by the Winona and St. Peters Railroad
Company; and
Au act (S. No. 447) to enable honorably dis-
charged soldiers and sailors, their widows and
orphan children, to acquire homesteads on the
public lands of the United States,
BALTIMORE AND POTOMAC RAILROAD.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 54, nays 110, not voting
76 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Archer. Arthur, Beatty, Beck,
James G. Blair, Braxton, Caldwell. Campbell, Car-
roll, Coburn, Coghlan, Conner, Crossland. Davis.
Duke. Finkelnburg, Garfield, Golladay, Hambleton,
John T. Harris, Hay, Herndon, Hibbard, Kendall,
Kerr, King, Lewis, MeCormick, MeGrew, McHenry,
Melntyre, MeNeelv, Merrick, Monroe, Morgan,
Niblack, Poland, Potter, Read, Edward Y. Rice,
John M. Rice, Ritchie, Ellis II. Roberts, Shober,
Stevens, Stevenson, Swann, Terry, Upson, Van
Trump, Whitthorne, Willard. AVinehester, and
Young—51. , ,
NAYS—Messrs. Acker, Ames, Avcnll, Barber,
Bigby, Biggs, Bingham, Bird, Austin Blair, George
M. Brooks, Buckley. Buffinton, Burchard, Burdett,
Conger, Cotton, Critcher, Crocker, Darrall, Dickey,
Donnan, Dox, Duell, Dunnell, Eames, Eldredge,
Elliott, Farwell, Forker, Henry D. Foster, Wilder
D. Foster, Getz, Griffith, Hale, Handley, Hanks,
Harmer, Harper, Hawley, Gerry W. Hazelton, John
W. Hazelton, Hill, Hoar, Hooper, Houghton, Kel-
ley, Keteham, Killinger, Lamison, Lamport, Lan-
sing, Leach. Lowe, Marshall, Maynard, McClelland,
McCrarv, McJunkin, McKinney, Morey, Leonard
Myers, Negley, Orr, Packard. Packer, Palmer, Hosea
AV. Parker, Isaac C. Parker, Peck, Pendleton.Perce,
Eli Perry, Peters, Price, Prindle. Randall, Rogers,
Rusk, Sargent, Sawyer, Seofieid, Shanks, Sherwood,
Shoemaker, Slater, Slocum, Sloss, John A. Smith,
Thomas J. Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Storm,
Stoughton, Sutheiland, Sypher,.Thomas, AVasning-
ton Townsend. Turner, Tyner, Voorhees, A\ addell,
AVakeman. AValden, AA^aldron, AVarren, Wells,
AVheeler, Williams of Indiana, Williams of New
York, and Jeremiah M. AVilson—110.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ambler, Banks,
Barnum, Barry, Bell, Beveridge, Boles, Bright,
James Brooks. Benjamin F. Butler, Roderick 11. ,
Butler, AVilliam T. Clark, Freeman Clarke, Cobb, I
Comingo, Cox, Crebs, Creely, Dawes, De Large. Du
Bose, Ely, Farnsworth, Charles Foster, Frye, Gar-
rett, Goodrich, Haldeman, Halsey, Hancock, Georgo
E. Harris, Havens, Hays, Hereford. Holman, Kel-
logg, Kinsella, Lynch, Manson, MeKee, Mercur,
Merriam, Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell, Moore,
Morphis, Aaron J?. Perry, Piatt. Porter, Rainey,
AVilliam It. Roberts, Robinson, Roosevelt, Seeley,
Sessions. Sheldon, Shellabarger, II. Boarduiau
Smith, AVorthingt,on C. Smith, Snapp, Snyder, R.
Milton Sneer, Stowell, Strong, .St. John, Tafte,
Dwight Townsend, Tuthill, Iwichell. Vaughan,
AVallace. AYalls, AVkiteley, John I. AVilson, and
AVood—76.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. KERR. I now move that tlie House
take a recess until half past seven this even-
ing.
Mr. ELDREDGE. _ Mr. Speaker, I rise to
a parliamentary inquiry. It is apparent to
everybody that these gentlemen can go on and
filibuster in reference to this bill so that it will
become between those who are for and those
who are against it a mere question of physical
endurance. I rise, therefore, to the same point
raised by me the other day, as to what will be
the precise condition of this bill if the House
shall now adjourn. The committee has been
reporting under the privilege accorded to it
under the rules; that is, of having every third
Friday in the month, after two o'clock, de-
voted exclusively to the business of the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
Now, it must be evident to all that this priv-
ilege will be of but little value after a bill has
been reported, unless its consideration is to be
proceeded with until it is disposed of. I there-
fore ask the Chair whether, if the House
now adjourns, this bill will not come up as the
unfinished business on Tuesday next, and not
go over until the next District of Columbia
day ?
Mr. KERR. So far as I am concerned, I
desire it shall have the fairest consideration
any day which may be set down for it next
week.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If postponed,
does it not go over till next District of Colum-
bia day ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct the
reading of the rule, which will answer the
parliamentary inquiry of the gentleman from
Wisconsin. The rule under which the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia have the
right to report to-day is as follows:
The Clerk read as follows :
"The third Friday of each month, from the hour of
two o'clock p. ib. until the adjoummentof that day,
shall, when claimed by the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia, be devoted exclusively to business
reported from said committee; and said committee
shall henceforth be omitted by the Speaker in the
regular calls of committees."
The SPEAKER. This was done in order
to give larger privileges to the committee than
they had under the regular call of committees.
It was done in the interest of extending the
privileges of that committee, as it was found
the business relating to the District of Colum -
bia was of such a character as to require en-
larged facilities for reporting. The Clerk will
now read the next rule which the Chair has
marked.
The Clerk read as follows :
"The consideration of the unfinished business intvhieh
the iIov.se may be engaged at an adjournment shall he
resumed as soon as the Journal of the next day thread,
and at the same time each day thereafter until disposed
of; and if, from any cause, other business shall inter-
vene, it shall be resumed as soon as such other busi-
nesss is disposed of. And the consideration of all
other unfinished business shall be resumed whenever
the class of business to which it belongs shall be in
order under the rules."
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. That alludes
to business where the previous question is
pending.
The SPEAKER. Not at all. For instance,
when a bill is taken from the Speaker's table,
and the House proceeds to consider it up to
the adjournment, although there may be no
previous question pending, it will come up
immediately after the reading of the Journal
the next morning as the unfinished business.
Now, if the construction be given that the
Committee for the District of Columbia may
report a bill, and that if the bill be not dis-
posed of on the day on which it is reported
it must go over to the third Friday of the next
month, one fifth of the House can prevent
absolutely any legislation coming fiom the
committee; so that instead of enlarging the
privileges of the committee, the rule assign-
ing to them the third Friday of each month
would destroy their powers.
The conclusion to which the Chair li.n
arrived he has reached after some consider-
able reflection upon the point at issue, with
some predilections and possibly some previous
expressions leaning to the opposite side, lie
is satisfied, however, that his present ruling is
not only correct, but absolutely necessary to
enable the District Committee to dispose of
any business at all. The Chair is aided and
strengthened in this conclusion by the very
decided and emphatic opinion of the author
of our Digest, (Mr. Barclay,) to whom he
always refers with confidence in determining
matters of parliamentary law. The opinion
of the Chair, therefore, is that the same rule
applies to the unfinished business of the Com-
mittee for the Disirict of Columbia on the
Friday on which it is allowed to report, as
applies to the unfinished business of any other
committee on the day on which that commit-
tee is allowed to report.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. The business
of the other committees, as I understand it, if
not finished, goes over until the next time those
committees are called.
The SPEAKER. In that the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is in error. The
committees are called in regular succession in
the morning hour, and a bill reported by a
committee under the regular call will hold
its place in the morning hour until disposed
of, as was the case with the celebrated land
bill in 1852, which held its place for several
months in the morning hour, to the exclusion
of reports from all other committees. In other
words, when a bill is reported by a committee
in the morning hour, the House must dispose
of it by some action. It is before the House
until a definite conclusion is reached in regard
to it.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. For instance,
the William and Mary College bill holds its
place on Fridays—
The SPEAKER. That bill is in Commit-
