116
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
tions. And, as I said before, the time forgiv-
ing effect to this provision has been put off till
1874, in order to give the States time to alter
their constitutions in regard to their State elec-
tions. . .
Mr. KELLOGG. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr, Botler]
whether, by the language of bis amendment,
States in electing to the Forty-Third Congress
are not obligpd to elect on the Tuesday follow-
ing the first Monday of November.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. No, sir.
Mr. KELLOGG. In my own State we elect
/or the Forty-Third Congress on the first Mon-
day of Aprili 1873, and under that amendment,
as! understand it, we are obliged to eleet mem-
bers of Congress on the Tuesday following the
first Monday of November.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. In order
to save all possible cavil the Clerk will please
add to the amendment the words "except for
members of the Forty-Third Congress."
Mr. KELLOGG. That covers the ground.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I wish to read the clause
of the Constitution bearing upon this point.
It is as follows :
" The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in. each State by the Legislature thereof;
but the Congress may at any time by law make or
alter such regulations, except as to the places of
choosing Senators."
Mr. COBURN. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] in his statement in
relation to the time at which this law should
take effect, says lie proposes to postpone its
operation till 1874, in order that the constitu-
tions of the States may be amended so as to
bring the State elections to the same date as
the presidential. It strikes me that that may
work some inconvenience, and possibly in the
State of Indiana, whose constitution fixes the
general election in October, the constitution
would not be amended before that time, our
provision as to amendments to the constitution
being as follows:
"Any amendment or amendments to this constitu-
tion may be proposed in either branch of the Gen-
eral Assembly; and if the same shall be agreed to
by a majority of the members eieoted to each of the
two houses, sueh proposed amendment or amend-
ments shall, with the yeas and nays thereon, be en-
tered on their journals, and referred to the General
Assembly to be chosen at the next general election;
and if, in the General Assembly so next chosen, sueh
proposed aiuenumeiitoraiuendments shall be agreed
to by a majority of ail the members elected to each
house, then it shall be the duty of the General As-
sembly to submit such amendment or amendments
to the electors of the State; and if a majority of said
wleetorM shall ratify the same, such amendment or
amendments shall become a part of this constitu-
tion."
Now, the first thing to be done in order to
get an amendment of our constitution would
be to have it passed by the nfext Legislature,
which will be elected at the next election ;
then, two years after that, at the next regular
session of the Legislature (as we have only
biennial sessioas) the matter would be again
submitted to the Legislature ; and then, after
that Legislature has adopted it, at the next
election the people would vote upon it, and
this will take more than four years. So that
if the gentleman wishes to postponethe opera-
tion of this proposed law until the States may
amend their constitutions, his amendment in
its present form will avail nothing so far as we
are concerned.
A word now as to the point of convenience.
We have biennial elections in Indiana, and in
one year, at one election, that is, at the time
ot the presidential election, it might be con-
venient for our people to vote for members of
Congress at the time indicated in the amend-
ment.; that is, once in four years. But at the
el notion intervening between the presidential
elections, sueh a law as this would work very
great inconvenience. We could elect no offi-
cers at that time except members of Congress.
We should have an election for State, county,
and township officers in October, and only
members of Congress would be elected in
November, thus needlessly doubling election
expenses and troubles in that year.
Now, iu enacting laws the ease with which
they can be carried out and the convenience
of the people should be looked to, and this
amendment would entail unnecessary incon-
venience upon us, while it. would work very
little good. It may be said that it would be
a very great advantage to have all the elec-
tions held at the same time, as there might be
some safeguards against colonization and
other frauds. But we in Indiana have not
found that any great frauds or wrongs con-
nected with the holding of elections have been
committed by persons from neighboring States,
and we are willing, so far as we are concerned,
to take the risk of that rather than suffer the
worse alternative presented by this amend-
ment.
It strikes me, therefore, that the amendment
of the gentleman from Massachusetts contem-
plates such an interference in the elections in
the States as would not be acceptable, and would |
work very great inconvenience, and I therefore i
feel like opposing it. I
Mr. W1LSON, of Indiana. I move, pro \
forma, to strike out the last word of the pend-
ing amendment. I wish to call the attention
of the House to the provision of the constitu-
tion of the State of Indiana upon this subject.
I understand that it has been the settled policy
of the Government to leave this matter of
choosing Representatives in Congress to be
regulated by the States. Hitherto Congress
has never assumed to legislate upon this sub-
ject. The Constitution of the United States
makes this provision:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senatorsoncl Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature thereof;
but the Congress may at any time by law make or
alter sueh regulations, exeept as to the places of
choosing Senators."
I presume that there can be no question that
Congress has the power to indulge in this kind
of legislation, but it having been the practice
from the earliest history of this Government to
allow the States to regulate these matters,as they
have tho right to do under the provision above
quoted, the State of Indiana has made a
regulation on the subject. By the constitution
of that State it is provided that—
"All general elections shall be held on the second
Tuesday in October."
Acting upon the settled policy of the Gov-
ernment, the State of Indiana has adopted
this constitution, and the Legislature of the
State has made laws fixing the time of holding
elections in accordance therewith. My col-
! league [Mr. Coburk] has pointed out the dif-
ficulties and delays that must be encountered
in attempting to change the State constitution.
Now, I can see no good reason why Con-
gress should now interfere to disarrange the
matter of elections in that State.
What occasion is there for this amendment?
The gentleman from. Massachusetts says that
the facilities for colonizing voters, and for
repeating, have become very great. That may
be true; but I presume that the Legislatures
of the various States have it in their power to
pass laws to prevent those violations of the
ballot-box, those election frauds of which he
speaks. Certainly it is ill-timed to put into
this bill a provision of this kind, which would
disarrange the elections in a great many of the
States of this Union. I imagine, from what
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Campbell] says,
that they in that State would labor under pre-
cisely the same difficulties that we would in
Indiana if this scction is adopted. The time for
holding these elections is fixed in the State of
Indiana by the constitution, and as we have only
biennial elections in that State, it would happen
under the provisions of the amendment of the
gentleman from Massachusetts that we would
have to hold in every alternate two years an
election for the purpose of electing members
of Congress alone. All of our State officers
and all of our county officers would be elected
in October: and then again in November the
Slate would be put to the expense, and the
people to the iuconvenience of holding an elec-
tion for the sole purpose of electing members,
of Congress. There is no necessity for this,
and therefore 1 am opposed to the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. PETERS. I am not in favor of this
amendment offered by the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler.] Ido not know
that it is of any use to say a word in opposi-
tion to it, for I have an apprehension that the
sentiment of the House may be largely in its
favor.
Sir, the State of Maine has had a system
ever since 1820 which she will have to change
constitutionally if this amendment shall be
adopted. We have become used to it, Wevote
in September, and we ordinarily vote right in
September. It is the time of the year in which,
all things considered, we can throw the fullest
and fairest vote. I know the gentleman who
has offered this amendment has urged in its
favor an argument of great weight and con-
sideration. But taking a full view of the sub-
ject, is it quite fair for the House to say that
we in the State of Maine shall vote in Novem-
ber, when we desire to vote according to our
laws and the system to which we have been so
long used, to vote in September for our mem-
bers of Congress ?
There are many advantages, in my opinion,
in our present system and machinery of voting.
By it we have a shorter political contest. We
know in September what we can afterward do
in the presidential election in November; and
I have always thought that we had a decided
advantage in this in avoiding the tedious polit-
ical contests of other States, which are so wear-
ing to mind and body and so hard upon the
pocket. [Laughter.]
There is another reason which might not
apply to other States, for I am willing to con-
fess that our present position in the calen-
dar of voting has given us a little political
prestige and consideration. All battles have
to be fought, or if they are fairly and care-
fully fought ought to commence with a
reconnois'sance.
Mr. MAYNARD. Recon'noissance.
Mr. PETERS. My friend from Tennessee
says "recon'noissance." Down in Maine,
where we throw a full and fair Republican
vote, we call it " reeonnois'sanceand I
stand by " reconnois'sance." [Laughter.]
Now, we feel around a little up in Vermont,
where mv distinguished white-headed friend
[Mr. Poland] lives, and we get up a little
courage there. And then we go down in Maine
for work. And although this year we had the
valued services of the distinguished gentleman
from New York, formerly from Ohio, [Mr. Cox,]
who talks about ships, and all those things,
very entertainingly and agreeably, and whom
we always like to see present there, yet we
whipped him and his party completely out of
their boots in that skirmish in Maine. [Laugh-
ter.] That showed what the country was going
to do, because human nature is the same in
Maine as everywhere else.
Mr. MEROUR. If not a little more so.
Mr. PETERS. Perhaps a little more so,
as my friend says. Now, I dislike to give up
to the amendment of my friend from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Butler] this political prestige
that we have there. It will be an advantage
to my political friends, for if the political sen-
timent of this country ever changes, and I
hope to God it never will, the first breaking
out around on the edges you will see away
down in Maine. I hope, however, that when
you do see it, it will be a groat way off. We
want in the future, as we have had in the past,
the position of indicating to the country the
first sen!iment on great political questions. I
hope the amendment will not be adopted.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. After the presidential elec-
tion of 1841—-
