1908
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
tee of the Whole. It ia not before the House
at all.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. But so tongas
that bill is not disposed of it goes, oyer from
Friday to Friday.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Gabmeld] mistakes the point. The Wil-
liam and Mary College bill Las never been in
the House. It is in Committee of the Whole
. 011 the Prirate Calendar. There is no analogy
whatever between the two cases.
Mr. DICKEY. I desire to make a parlia-
mentary inquiry. If the House should now
adjourn, -when will this bill come up again?
The SPEAKER. Strictly, it would come
up after the morning hour on Monday. But
gentlemen know that it is very difficult to
maintain any regular order on .Monday, be-
cause a suspension of the rules will override
it. But it would come np absolutely after the
reading of the Journal on Tuesday morning.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I would inquire
of the Chair, does the ruling he has now sug-
- gested apply to all private bills on private bill
day ? For instance, when we adjourn on Fri-
day, the discussion of some private bill has
not been concluded, and the previous auestion
has not been seconded ; does that bill come
up on Monday as unfinished business?
The SPEAKER. If it is in the morning
hour, it goes over to the next morning hour
devoted to private business; bat if it has
passed out of the morning hour, i't undoubtedly
goes over as unfinished business, to be taken
up at the next session of the House as unfin-
ished business after the reading of the
J ournal.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have never
understood the rules in that way.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must see
that the rules of the House are so framed that
the business of the House shall be done, and
that the majority shall ultimately control it.
But if the consideration of unfinished busi-
ness reported from the Committee for the Dis-
trict had to go over from the third Friday of
one. month to the third Friday of the next
month, the gentleman must see that one fifth
of the House could prevent any business from
that committee being disposed of.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. One fifth of the
House can do that with reference t.o any kind
ol' business.
The SPEAKER. Yes, but if attempted on
any other committee the whole course of busi-
nessintho House would be obstructed, whereas
it the District of Columbia business could bo
thrown oyer by dilatory motions from the third
Friday of one month to the third Friday of the
next month, the business of other committees
meanwhile going on, the District of Columbia
would be placed not only at a signal disadvan-
tage, but in a position of absolute helplessness.
By such & construction of the rule, the en-
larged privileges that were sought to be con-
ferred on the District Committee would prove
a delusion and a farce. Dilatory motions can
still be made when this bill conies up on Tues-
day, but they must be made at the expense of
a!) the other committees whose reports will
thereby be obstructed. In other words, the
decision of the Chair gives to the District
Committee precisely the same advantage of
position that is now enjoyed by the other com-
mittees of the House.
Mr. STARKWEATHER rose.
The SPEAKER. The Chair desires to state
that all this is proceeding by unanimous con-
sent, pending the motion of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Kehb.]
Mr. STAIiK WEATHER. It has been sug-
gested that this bill might go over till Tuesday.
But the motion to lay the bill on the table
having been negatived by a two-thirds vote,
might we not have a two-thirds vote on Mon-
day to pass the bill under a suspension of
the rules
I he SPEAKER. A suspension of the |
rules can apply to any bill, no matter where I
it is, whether in. Committee of the Whole,
or a standing committee of the House, or
anywhere else.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I do not object
to the bill going over, unless we can have a
vote upon it now.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have desired
to make a few statements in regard to this
bill, but have thus far been cut off from the
opportunity of doing so.
The SPEAKER. The Chair again remarks
that this discussion proceeds only by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. DICKEY. I object to it.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I wish to say
that I have not cut the gentleman off.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I have appealed
to the gentleman at least ten times to allow me
ten minutes.
Mr. DICKEY. I object to debate.
The SPEAKER. The question before the
House is upon the motion of the gentleman
from Indiana, [Mr. Kebr,] that the House
take a recess until half past seven o'clock.
Mr. KERR. By consent of the House, I
would like to suggest that this bill be allowed
to go over until Tuesday next, as suggested
by the Chair, and come up then in the regular
order for further consideration in the morning
hour.
The SPEAKER. No ; not in the morning
hour.
Mr. ELDREDGE. The bill is not in the
morning hour.
Mr. KERR. Very well, then, after the
morning hour, and that it be printed in the
mean time ; it has not yet been printed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from In-
diana suggests that the bill be allowed to go
over until Tuesday after the morning hour, and
in the mean time that it be printed. Is there
objection?
Mr. ELDIiEDGE. I desire to inquire
whether, if this is done by consent, the bill
would lose any position which it is entitled to
now under the rules of the House?
The SPEAKER. It would not, although
there ought to be an understanding on the
subject; the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Starkweather] has alluded to a suspension
of the rules on Monday to pass the bill, and
the Chair desires to know whether that would
be within the understanding or not?
Mr. KERR. 1 insist that it should not
be.
The SPEAKER. The Chair always desires
a perfect understanding on these points, be-
cause if the House shall agree to that under-
standing, the Chair will not recognize the
gentleman from Connecticut to make a motion
to suspend the rules contrary to that under-
standing.
_ Mr. ELDREDGE. I do not desire that this
bill shall go over with any agreement made
here which shall prevent the Committee for
the District of Columbia from taking such
course in regard to it as they may deem for
the interest of the country.
The SPEAKER. If the House shall now
adjourn this bill will come upon Tuesday after
the reading of the Journal, or more strictly,
as the Chair has explained, after the moraine
hour on Monday. °
Mr. VAN TRUMP. Under the call for the
previous question ?
The SPEAKER. That is pending,
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I behive I have
the floor.
Ihe SPEAKER. Really no gentleman is
entitled to the floor, this proceeding being by
unanimous consent.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I wish to sug-
gest that the bill be ordered to be printed.
Ihe SPEAKER. That was the suggestion
of the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr. Kerb.]
The Chair hears 110 objection, and the bill will
be ordered to be printed.
Mr. BEATTY, I suggest that the amend-
ments be also printed.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I hope that such
amendments as have been read at the Clerk's
desk, or handed to the Clerk, maybe printed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman suggests
that the amendments read, or proposed to be
offered, shall be printed.
Mr. POTTER. Does he include such as wo
may desire to offer ?
The SPEAKER. There have been amend-
ments read offered by the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Poiaxd] and the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Ckebs,] and the gentleman from
Ohio in front of the Chair [Mr. Beatit] de-
sire's to offer one. If gentlemen have amend-
ments to suggest they had better now put
them in. -
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I wish it to be
distinctly understood that all these amend-
ments are not to be considered as pending, but
merely such as gentlemen have oxjiressed a
desire to offer.
The SPEAKER. They are amendments
which gentlemen give notice of an intention to
offer if they shall have the opportunity. The
proposition is that this bill with the amend-
ments which have been indicated shall be
printed. Is there objection?
No objection was made; and it was ordered
accordingly.
The SPEAKER. Should the House now
adjourn, there will be nothing to prevent a
motion on Monday next to suspend the rules
and pass this bill,
Mr. SPEER, of Georgia. If every gentle-
man in the House has been accommodated in
regard to this bill, I will move that the House
now adj ourn. [Laughter. ]
The SPEAKER. The House has ordered
that the session of to-morrow shall be for de-
date only ia the House as in Committee of
the Whole, no business whatever to be trans-
acted. The gentleman from Georgia, Mr.
Bxqbt, will occupy the chair to-morrow as
Speaker pro tempore.
Mr. KERB. Before the question is taken
on the motion to adjourn, I desire to inquire
of the Chair if I correctly understood him as
saying that it will be in order on Monday next
to move to suspend the rules and pass this
bill?
The SPEAKER. That motion would be
in order under the rules. Should the House
now adjourn this bill would go over under the
rules and be subject to whatever disposition
the House, under the rules, may choose to
make of it.
Mr. STARKWEATHER. I simply wish to
say that if two thirds of this House shall desire
on Monday next to pass this bill they should
have the right to do so.
Mr. KERR. The effect of the exercise of
that right on Monday would be to cut oil' all
opportunity for amendment or debate.
_ The SPEAKER. The Chair knows of noth-
ing in the rules to prevent that being done if
two thirds of the House shall be in favor of it.
Mr. KERR. I understood the Chair to
state a few moments ago that if the House
should now adjourn this bill would go over
until Tuesday next.
The SPEAKER. The Chair stated that bv
force of the rules literally the bill would go over
until Monday after the morning hour. But it ^
very hard on Monday, as gentlemen very wed
know, to reach the regular order of business
after the morning hour, as it is liable to be cut
off by a motion to suspend the rules. There-
fore it would be correct to say that this bid
would go over to Tuesday next immediately
alter the reading of the Journal 011 that dav.
in the meantime the gentleman from Con-
necticut [Mr. StaiucwlatherJ has indicated
his purpose, if ho then shall see lit, to test the
sense ot the House on Monday next upon a
motion to suspend the rides and pass this Dill;
and the Chair knows of nothing in the rules to
prevent hvs doing g0, if ho i-hall obtain the
floor tor that purpose.
Mr. KERR. Certainly. I know that. But
