2804:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
another class called policemen. The duties
of these men are not like those of other
workmen. The other workmen are fabricat-
ing things; they are making gun-barrels;
they are making gun-stocks; they are filing
barrels ; they are burnishing ; they are groov-
ing ; they are doing all sorts of things which
count as accomplished things to be done and
laid aside and are counted up. Here are cer-
tain people who, in order to carry on the
works, are employed in duties which are gen-
eral, which do not produce anything at a'l,
but which may run under or over the eight
hours, but which require just so much to be
done every day. One day, as we all know, as
for instance as it respects the shop-tender, he
may be obliged from the particular state of
affairs to work twelve hours. Tune does not
count with him at all. It is the question of
having the oversight of the shops and seeing
that everything is in order, everything attended
to and all things iu their proper places. Now,
then, as I say, time is not the element at all
which enters into the subject of what he has
to do. Time, if he works ever so hard, doe.-*
not measure his performance as it does that
of the man filing a gun-barrel, or making a
number of locks, who makes thein and lays
them aside.
Mr. TitUAIJBUJjL. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. With pleasure.
Mr. I'ilUMBULL. 1 do not know the par-
ticular facts to which he refers in regard to
workmen in the Springfield armory, but!have
beon informed by one of my colleagues iu (he
House, who resides at Hock Island, near the
arsenal, that the workmen at liock Island en-
gaged upon precisely the same sort of work
that men have been engaged on in other
arsenals of the country, liave been paid only
for eight hours' work, while in other places they
have been paid for leu hours, while they worked
but eight. I hat is a discrimination which
ought not to exist. I am sure the Senator will
agree to that.
Mr. EDMUNDS. There is no question of
that. It is a discrimination that ought not to
exist, plainly ; but that is not the point which
the committee in reporting- this amendment
touch at nil. It has not anything to do with
the workmen in the sense in which you are
using the term " workmen " at all, because,
as I sny, these three classes of persons per-
form a sort ot service which cannot be meas-
ured as a workman's service is, by what he
turns out, so that you can see how much lie is
doing, and he may work so many hours or
more if lie likes, and accomplish so much,
but H is an entirely different cla-s of duties in
respect to which time is not an element at all.
It the hours of daily labor were reduced to
tour, these people, who are obliged to keep
tfmigs in order and have tho gencrul o.u-e and
preservation of the properly, would have just
as much id do almost. J do not gay they
would have absolutely as much to do, but
substantially; and I am sure my ft-iuiid from
Illinois can see the distinction.
Mr. lliUAIBULL. 1 understand the dis-
tinction.
Mr. EDMUNDS. And so I gay the cases
the IT5 -trs \n u,l"d do not app'yto wliat
the committee have presented to the Senate.
Now, then, to come to his observation, winch
is perfectly correct, one man at Rock Island
th'int ih° 10 HPi"d more for doi S the sa>ne
Thaf is nl ' fa" ,at SPriQgfield is paid.
were low!" m tb® ge"eral *
Mr. 1 HUM BULL. Unless they are paid
T&?,ringGeld tllan at Rock Island
Mr. EDMUNDS. I say unless the general
wages are lower. I only put it for i?W
tion. J-he reason for that is that in some
Government works the executive officers and
superintendents did not feel, or were not ad-
vised, or were not directed to obey tho opin-
ion of the Attorney General, which was that
the compensation was an entirely different
thing from what the statute had fixed as a
day's work, and that, in order to comply with
the other statute, which prescribed that the
pay inside and outside should be the same, it
was necessary, if the work inside was less, that
the pay should be less, in order to keep up the
equality between private employers and the
Government. So that, under the opinion of
the Attorney General, and under what I be-
liev-e to be the true construction of this law,
in some places workmen have been paid more
than they were entitled to. Those workmen
having been |>aid more than they were entitled
lo, the question is whether you will pay those
who have been paid exactly what they are
entitled to more than they are entitled to, in
order to produce equality, or whether you
will let it go as it is, or whether you will ask
those who have been paid too much to pay it
back.
But that has nothing to do with the precise
question now before the Senate, that of doing
justice to these three classes of persons, w
respect to whom time and work turned out
have no application at all. Pay them the
sum they, as we think, were unjustly depiived
of, and then you leave open the question as
to what you will do with the others.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It certainly has some-
thing to do with the amendment which the
Senator from Massachusetts is trying lo ha,\e
adopted, because if his amendment is adopted,
I understand that persons engaged iu the same
branches of business will have the same pay
for the same number of hours' work, and it
seems to me that that is right and proper.
The Senator refers to the opinion of the
Attorney General as governing this matter.
I have understood, though I have not looked
into it, and am not as familiar with it as the
Senator from Vermont, that that opinion of
the Attorney General was overruled by an
order of the President Am I correct?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It was tiot overruled; it
was disregarded.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A direction was given, j
Mr. EDMUNDS. Afterward the Presi-
dent of the United States, acting no doubt
under that just influence which both Houses
of Congress seem to think ought to be exer-
cised upon hi in, that is to say, of pressure,
determined that the Illinois people who worked
in the Rock Island arsenal should be paid the
full price for eight hours' work that in any pri-
vate establishments of the same sort in Chi-
cago or Hock Island, or elsewhere, was paid
for ten, and that applied to the whole country •
so that after this order of the President was
made, everybody in the country has been and
now IS being paid the full price of a day's
work in private establishments where ten hours'
work is performed for doing eight hours' work
in the Government shops, which produces an
actual inequality between those who have the
honor of Government employment and those
A*? ,mwTh,ef,fed,en of P"vate employment.
Mr. 1RUMBULL. I understand that the
laborers in Illinois, instead of getting the full
pay, only got four fifths of what laborers in
other parts of the country got under the same
order.
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir; they got exactly
what they got at Springfield and everywhere
else until this order ot the President. After
that feprmgfield and Rock Island were treated
upon an exact equality; that is, they got ten
hours pay for eight hours' work. Before that,
both at Springfield and Rock Island, they got
0,1I{ P y foTr eig^ fours' work*
Mr. iRUMBULL. Is there no difference
between the amount which has been paid to the
kborers at Rock Island and those at Spring-
Mr. EDMUNDS. No, sir.
trr' 1 understand there is.
Mr. WILSON. There is between what was
paid at Springfield and Rock Island and what
was paid m several other places.
I Mr. TRUMBULL. Then it seems that at
! those two places the pay is alike ; but I am now
j informed that neither at Springfield nor at
| Rock Island have the laborers been paid the
same that they have been paid at other places
where men were employed by the Government.
I think they ought to be on an equality, and I
shall vote to put them so.
Mr. SUMNHli. I do not like to take up
time on this question, which it seems to me
has already occupied too much attention, but I
agree with the last remark of the Senator from
Illinois that we must put persona in our service
on an equality.
I purposely put aside the question as to the
original rale whether it was right or not. Suf-
fice it to say it was made a law by Congress
and then put in force by the President; and
now the simple question is, whether that rule
shall in good fiith be carried out in the public
service. In 3ome places it has been carried
out, in others it has not been, and the simple
object of the proposition now before the Sen-
ate, is to piovide for carrying it out in all
places. That is all, sir, nothing more. Now,
the amendment of the Senator from Vermont
proposes to limit it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have offered no amend-
ment.
Mr. SUMNER. Well, the amendment of
the committee sustained by the Senator pro-
poses to limit it to a few classes making a
very small number of individuals. I do not
think that just. Clearly it is unequal; and I
hopethe Senate, without anyfurtherdelay, will
vote that down, and then follow my colleague
in his motion by voting out the proviso in the
section as it comes from the House, leaving
the proposition as it was originally reported
in the House of Representatives, where I
understand it was drawn by Mr. Dawes, chair-
man of the ^ ays and Means Committee.
Mr. MORTON. That is the motion now
pending—w strike out the proviso. That pro-
viso neutralizes the whole section.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is oil striking out the proviso to the sec-
ond section.
Mr. CORBETT. Let us hear it read.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Provided, That no part of the money hereby ap-
propriated shall be paid to any mechanics or labor-
ers who have already been paid for eight hours'
tabor tour fifths ;i:; niuch as the amount which was
paiu to like laborers and mechanics for ten hours'
labor.
Mr. EDMUNDS. On that question I ask
tor the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 22, nays 24 ; as follows:
YLAS Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Boreman. Carpen-
ter, Oasserly, U ami in, Hitchcock, Johnston. Kelly,
.Uorton, Osborn Pratt, Ramsey, Rice, Sawyer,
bcniirz, fopencer, btockton, Sumner, Trumbull, West,
and \Vilson—22.
7T^e8l,rs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Buck-
ingham, Caldwell, Chandler, Cole, Cooper, Corbett,
of Connecticut, Ferry of Michigan,
(jilbeit, broidthwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Morrill
oiiuaine, Morrill of Vermont, Pomeroy, Robertson,
? dickers. Windom, andWriffht-24.
a^Lin 1—Messrs. Brownlow, Cameron, Clayion,
Conkhng.Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Davis of West
Virginia Jj enton, Flanagan, Frehnghuypon, Hauiil-
w Tn rylll?d' Harlan, Hill, Howe. Kellogg,
aiti e Norwood, Nye, Patterson, Pool, Ran-
som, bnuilshury, bhermau, Sprague, Stewart. Thur-
man, and Tipton—28.
ho the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on concurring in the amendment
as amended.
Mr. -EDMUNDS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were oidered.
Air. S AWYER. The section as it stands is
absolutely null au(] v0;j jt ;8 of nQ earthly
account. 1 he section without the proviso
makes an arrangement to pay these men what
we believe is justly due them. The proviso
makes provision that they shall not be paid,
i hat is the whole of it.
Mr. CASSERLY. The section with that
proviso is absolute nonsense. It takes fourteen
