1872.
THE.CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1018
ham, Caldwell, Cooper, Corbett, Davis, of Kentucky,
Davis of West Virginia, Flanagan, Hamilton of
Maryland, Howe, Lewis, Nye, Pratt, Stewart, and
Windom—16. 1
So the motion was agreed to.
INDIAN APPROPRIATION MIX. '
Mr. COLE. I ask peranissiotv at this point
to make a report from the , Committee on
.Appropriations.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
receive it if there be no objection.
Mr, <DiOIjE. The Committee on Appropria-
tions, to whom was .referred the bill, (H. R.
KjO. .1102) making appropriations for the cur-
rent ,aud contingent expenses of the Indian
department, aud .for fulfilling treaty stipula-
tions with various Indian tribes for tht year
ending Jane 30, 1873, and for other purposes,
have directed me to report it back with sundry
amendments. I will not state.at what time
I shall call it up for consideration. That will
be lor the pleasure of the Senate to decide.
Mr. ANTHONY. Oh, no; it is nothing
but an appropriation bill; that is of no im-
portance 1
MESSAGE FROM TUB IIOCSE.
A message from the House, by Mr. Me-
Piiersox, its Clerk, announced that the House
had passed the following bills, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 1539) "to provide for a
building for the use of the post office, custom-
house, pension office, United' States circuit
and district courts, and internal revenue offices,
at Hartford, Connecticut;
A bill (H. R. No. 1538) for the construction
of an addition to the United States court-house
and post office building in Indianapolis, Indi-
ana, and for the purchase of additionalground
adjoining the site of said building; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1540) to authorize th.e pur-
chase of a site for a public building at Cincin-
nati, Ohio.
The message also announced that the House
had concurred in the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the following bills:
A bill (H. R. No. 625) making appropria-
tions to supply a deficiency in the appropria-
tions for salaries and contingent expenses of
the Post Office Department for the current
fiscal year; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1071) making appropria-
tions for the payment of invalid and other
pensions of the United States for the year
ending June 30, 1873.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Tho message also announced that the
Speaker of the House had signed the enrolled
bili (H. R. No, 1340) for the relief of Alexan-
der Smith and Halcyon Skinner; and it was
signed by the Vice President.
SALii OF ARMS TO FRENCH AGENTS.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the resolution submitted by Mr. Sumner on
Monday last.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, again I
sun grateful to the Senate for its hospitality.
One hour has passed since I was interrupted.
Tvluch within that time I should have relieved
the Senate had I been allowed to proceed.
Senators are afraid of politics, and they at
once proceed to discuss politics. They are
afraid of an attack on the Administration,
aud proceed at once to defend the Adminis-
tration. One Senator is afraid that something
may be said against General Grant, and he
proceeds to defend General Grant. -Another
characterizes the resolution and the proposed
inquiry as a blank cartridge, and another Sen-
ator characterizes it as a bomb-tihell. Now,
sir, it is none of these things, and all these
Senators are mistaken.
I am not about to make a political speech,
I shall not introduce politics, , If' it -finds
a plpce here it will be because some of the
"adversaries," as they basjg been happily
characterized by my friend from Ohio, [Mr.
Sherman,] think b,egt , I haveno thing to say
on politics. 1 shall spieak of the public service
wjth a view to save my country from suspicion.
Am I not right?, I? that politics? Ig that a
political speech? S« it a speech against the
Administration ? I? it a speech against Gen-
eral Grant,? I havjejio idea of introducing
his .name, nor £ .allusion to him. The
" adversaries" may do that; I shall not. I
am to consider a practical question which has
become important through no action of mine,
but through events at home and abroad.
I have already alluded to an incident abroad.
I have "quoted to you a resolution of a com-
mittee in the National Assembly of Prance,
declaring suspicion of American officials.
Mr. MORION. Will the Senator give the
date of that resolution?
Mr. SUMNER. February 9. I was at that
stage of the inquiry when interrupted. And
now, Mr. President, I ask you if the French
committee were not justified in suspicion?
I trust that the inquiry which the Senate
promises in advance" to institute will relieve
all from suspicion; but were they not justified?
I know not all the testimony before them, but
I do know some of it. One piece I hold in
my hand. It is a dispatch dated October 8,
1870, from one Squire, agent and son-in-law
of Remington, atid forwarded by the consul
general of France to the armament com-
mission at Tours, in cipher, where you will
find the following sentence, reproduced in the
preamble :
""Wo have the strongest influences working for
us, which will use all their efforts to succeed."
That flew in cypher across the Atlantic to
Tours. "The strongest influences working
for us." Sir, what are the " strongest influ-
ences 1" They could not be men in the streets
or mere attorneys hired for the occasion;
hardly members of Congress; they must be
men hear the business in hand. I shall not pre-
sume to suggest who or what those " strongest
influences" were; that will be a Subject of
inquiry ; but I think the Senate will begin to
see1 that the French commission, with that
evidence before them, must have seen that the
Government of the united States, or officials
of considerable importance in that Govern-
ment, Were compromised, and you will see
very soon the importance of the inquiry to
them when I disclose the sums they seem to
have lost.
Beside this testimony the commission had
before them, as I have reason to believe, the
letter of Mr. Remington, originally employed
by France to make these very purchases, and
now in France armed with credentials from
our Secretary of War. They had before them
bis letter addressed to the head of the French
commission of armament at Tours. You have
seen, in the preamble some of the statements
in thai remarkable document, and must have
remarked how constantly be refers to the Gov-
ernment of the United S&ites, showing his rela-
tions with it; the agent of France for the pur-
chase of arms in relation with our Govern-
ment. For instance:
"Although at the time of the receipt of the tele-
gram I had bought the whole number, one hundred,
and had paid the advance required, $200,000, the
Government very willingly reduced the number to
lift y."
He was dealing with " the Government."
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator state what
part of the-letter is omitted in the copy in the
preamble?
Mr. SUMNER: I will come to that by and
by. The important question of cartridges for
these guns arose; for what are guns without
cartridges? But these, too, were to be had
from the Government. Here he expresses
himself as follows :
"Cartridges for these forty thousand will in a,
great measure require to he made, as the Govern-
ment have but about three millions on hand."
The witness proceeds:
" Bat the Government has consented to allow the
requisite number, four hundred for each gun, to be
made, and the eartridgo-works have had orders,
given yesterday, to increase production to the full
capacity of the works."
Then again:
"This question of making the cartridgesthe
Government works was a difficult one to get ovor.
But it is done."
Difficult I should think. The very -difficulty
testifies. Then again: .
"The price the Government will charge for the
guns and cartridges will fee  , or as nearthat as
possible."
I have not the means of filling up the
blanks.
That is all, I believe, that the {Senator will
find in the preamble; but immediately follow-
ing in the letter is the following:
"Theforty thousand guns cannot all be shipped
immediately, as they are distributed iu the various
arsenals throughout tho country."
There was to be a drag-net through the
national arsenals to find these guns. Of
course that could only be through the Gov-
ernment. But on this point what says the
chief of ordnance? Here it is:
" The chief of ordnance thinks it may be twenty to
thirty days before they all can be brought®. Only
about five thousand with cartridges can be shipped
now, and those aronot in New York, but in arsenals
near by."
Again says the authority last adduced:
"The chief of ordnance estimates the cost of the
arms, including boxing and expense of freight to
bring them to New York, at $20 60 currency. This
price I have agreed to pay, and have made the
necessary deposits."
But harnesses were to be supplied:
" With regard to the two thousand live hundred
sets of harness, these, too, were similarly situatsi as
the guns, they being in the various arsenals through
the country. The Government have not full, com-
plete sets to the extent of two thousand five hun-
dred, after selling the number required for the fifty
batteries. Some parts are wanting in order to com-
plete tho sets. X bave made arrangements to have
this deficiency made good by either the Government,
or by outside persons. This question will be settled
to-day."
That is not all. The Government is always
near, and when I come t© consider our neu-
tral obligations you will see the very consider-
able importance of these statements:
" This question will be settled to-day."
What then?
" In the mean time the Government have ordered
the harness to be sent here immediately."
Another incident in this letter harder bears
on the Government, but rather on things in
New York; but as it is before me I will
read it:
" If S., H., and G. (leather goods) are for the Gov-
ernment"—
That, I presume, must be the French Gov-
ernment—
" possibly there may be necessity as much as for our
own. Favoritism I find, to a great extent, prevails
here in the shipping of goods, and money is naid fox
the purpose of procuring such favoritism. Colonel
Squire, acting for our house, has been greatly em-
barrassed at times iu carrying out instructions in
cojasequence of it."
I omit much iu this letter as irrelevant, but
all is at the disposal of any Senator. I corns
to another remark:
" I forgot to say the Government have no Spencer
rifles, having never had but a small number r,and-ill
of those you have bought."
With these two pieces of testimony before
them, one a letter of Samuel Ilemington, now
in France fortified by credentials from the Sec-
retary of War, I think it is not unnatural that
suspicion should be aroused in the French
Assembly. I am speaking only of suspicion.
I trust that all will be satisfactorily explained.
Bear in mind, sir, that I make no allegation
against anybody. Senators have said afeaAy
that I aecused somebody. I accuse nobody.
I only speak of suspicions justifying inquiry.
And now, sir, transferring ourselves from
France to Washington, and taking ivp the
thread here, I ask you whether we, too, .have
not occasion for suspicion? I call attention
to the report of the Secretary of War at^ t&e
opening of Oongres6? ho sets <f©?£b
ceiptsfor the sale of small-arms aiid ordnance
