3702
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21j
ence except in his imagination ahd in the
fancy of the person who communicated with
him, I brought to the knowledge of the Sen-
ate the fact that one who ought to have kept in
his charge the reputation of Mississippi, recog-
nizing the truth as a matter of course, wasbdt
the person to bring a charge against the State
of Mississippi, which Was false in fact and false
in all its bearings^
The statementof the Senatormadelast year,
and reaffirmed last night, I savs I showed from
the facts and figures of the auditor's tejiort, (ahd
the auditor is a personal and political sup-
porter of the Senator,) after they had Jan-
sacked the State, exceeds the number of deaths
by violence to the number of forty-fi^ej and I
stand here to make good that statement by
showing that official report itself. I confessed
last night that 1 stood ashamed of the feet that
violence had existed in Mississippi, and I de-
sired to bring this fact wilhin the limits of the
truth, that the people were charged justly with
enough, that they should not stand charged
with crimes they had not committed.
The Senator last night said that I had in the
case of the Meridian riots referred the matter
to the investigation of persons in sympathy
with myself, and that the result was th^t 110
convictions were had. In the case of the
Meridian riots, Judge Leachman sat as magis-
trate in the ease. J udge Leachman was ap-
pointed circuit judge by the Senator himself
when he was Provisional Governor of Missis-
sippi. I continued that appointment when I
became Governor. He is a man of just con-
ceptions, a man of honesty aud integrity, and
one whose Republicanism stands to day un-
challenged in Mississippi. It Was to this
magistrate that the Meridian riots were re-
ferred, aud he sat in judgment, and he it was
who held to bail a number of persons who were
engaged in that riot. The riot was ho Ku
Klux oiitrage; it was simply a riot that oc-
curred in a town where a light commenced in
a niagisibite'scoltrt. The justice of the peace,
a Republican and white man, was the first man
killed, uml the prool went to show that, the first
shot was lirt-d by a colored man. 1 believe the
wight, of the testimony went to establish the
fact beyond a question that, both parties were
in iht: wrong. 1 had the statement of good men
fioui the vicinity in which the riot occuit'ed.
That H was a most unfortunate affair we all
know j but that. I,tie .Senator overstated UiC
number of deaths that oucuried 1 brought last
night to ihe knowledge of the Senate. tie
ma.ed that there were eight or ten colored
men killed there. 1 showed that therte were
six—six colored men and one white man.
1 staled last night that, in computing the
deaths by violence in the S'ate of Mississippi
1 could cail to mind the number of tilteen
deaths by violence during military lule that
were not reported at all upon the auditor's
books, from the fact that the government was
only partially in operation; that when 1 came
into otlice the full power of government was
in exercise, that all the deaths wete reported
in the estimates given by the auditor of public
accounts when he made his official statement.
1 argued fiom this that the history ot the exist-
ence of the civil government in Mississippi
showed that it was lully as capable of protect-
ing lite in that State as was the military gov-
ernment, though while the military potter was
in existence the law was the will ot the com-
mander ; he was not restrained by constitu-
tion; he was not restrained by statutes; he
had the light, to send his men upon the inti-
mation that violence was anticipated or that
v.otetice had occuned, and he could artest
promiscuously without any affidavit or any
in:oi illation being lodged. With me it Was
dtfieent; I was governed under the constitution
and by the statutes, and 1 had to proceed in
the pioseeutton of these cases as the law
directed.
Again, I was inquired of last night Whether
any convictions had been effected Of those
who had been guilty of the acts of the Ku
Klux. I replied not; but if I had replied
after the manner of thinking of the Senator
who put the interrogatory^ I would have Said
"yes;" for all the acts of violence ih the
South arg ascribed to the Ku Klux. I sent
to many States of the Union and brought
back those who had been guilty of violence in
Mississippi. I seat to the State of Indiana an
agent who brought back a murderer from
that State who had committed a most atrocious
crime. I am ashamed to confess the fact that
after the man had been brought_ back, when
there fras no question as to his guilt, and
when the witnesses were there, some armed
men from another State came, mobbed the jail,
and took the prisoner off aud hung him.
Everybody knew that the man was guilty, that
he had committed a most atrocious crime, that
he should have been punished ; but it was
Unfortunate that any violence had been used
in the direction of his punishment. I sent
to Texas aud brought back a man from that
State who had murdered a colored man during
the time the Senator from Mississippi was
military Governor of the State. I sent to a
half dozen different States and brought back
murderers whom the Senator from Indiana
might call Ku Klux, and they were tried and
punished; but no person caught in disguise,
identified as a Ku Klux, was, I am ready to
confess, punished while I was Governor, by
the State courts; and I state the fact to be
that none have been punished by the district
court of the United States.
The difference between the district court of
the United States and the State courts exists
in the fact, that the district court of the United
States summons its jurors from all parts of
the State ; the party who is charged as a gen-
eral rule is brought from his own home to the
central portion of the State for trial. Had
the venue law which I proposed to the Legis-
lature been passed, precisely the same result
would have followed in the btate courts. The
party Would have been brought, from his home;
he would have been brought to where 110 pre-
judice existed and where justice could be
meted out. i sought that the Stale govern-
ment should interpose lor the protection of
its own people, that it, should show itself capa-
ble of protecting the people; aud it could
accomplish in the way I pointed out. I gave
last night the reasons why my proposition was
defeated and the consequences.
The Senator last mgnt said ihat I had con-
tinued as Governor of the State of Mississippi
After I was elected to the (Senate, and tnat
the Legislature was dissatisfied wiihthe fact,
and had gone so far as to propose another
election of Senator. Well, that Was true ;
but when I was a candidate for Governor
of the State of Mississippi it was charged upon
me that it I WaS elected Governor, as soon
as the Legislature met I would be elected
to the Senate and my service would not be
had in the capacity of Governor in Missis-
sippi. In order to carry my election it be-
came necessary for me to pledge myself to the
people of Mississippi that if i Was elected I
would rfethain Governor of the State of Mis-
sissippi until the people had ati opportunity
of deciding for themselves who ttieir State
officers should be. At the time 1 was elected
many were disfranchised. It was supposed
that wheti the regular election came about 110
One Would be disfranchised, and that the peo-
ple thett could exerbise their own judgment
with regat d to their officers, and I pledged
myself When I was a candidate, ahd in the
ptesehce ot the Republicans of the State, that
if 1 was elected I would continue in office at
all events until the peopie had an opportunity
Without restraint, witnout ttie interposition of
the bayonet, of electing their own represent-
atives and ttieir own Slate officers. I sirtiply
complied With that pledge. 1 could have done
n'o leSs. At thfe time when a part of the Legis-
lature proposed to elect some one else to the
Senate I did not object. They went forward,
however, with the resolution, and While my
friends protested against ahy other election,
nevertheless on the first ballot which -Was had
in the house of representatives I had twice
as many votes as anybody else, and it wag
known to be the fact that upon the next ballot
I would have two thirds of the whole vofB Of
the house of representatives. My friends
being satisfied, simply adjourned the question
at the instance of those who were opposed to
me, and there the matter rested._
But subsequent to that time, in the month
of September, wheh the Republican party met
in Jackson in convention, that patty placed
me at its head by a resolution unaniihously
adopted. I went into the canvass. The Sen-
ator last night said that I came near losing the
State. Well, Mr. President, I catne within
twehty-five thousand votes of losing the Stats!
That was how near I came to losing the State 1
But the Senator last night said that at the
time General Lee died the papers of the South
went into mourning, and that one of the papers
in the State of Mississippi refused to go into
mourning) aud because of its refhsal to go
into mourning 011 the death of General Lbe I
turned the editor out of office. There is not
a word of truth in it. Mr. Flournoy; the gen-
tleman to whom he referred, was never ap-
pointed by me to any office. I had no oppor-
tunity of turnirig him out of office, for he
occupied none. But When Mr. Flournoy ap-
plied to me with regard to an bffice, I said to
him that I would not appoint him, and I gave
among other reasons the fact of his violent
assault upon the reputation of General Lee,
and 1 showed him how it was that he should
not have assaulted General Lee. Why, Sir, it
is known to him and to everybody else, aild to
the Senate, that many of the warmest and most
enthusiastic Republicans in Mississippi Wei-e
the soldiers who had followed the fortunes of
General Lee; that to them we -were Indebted
lor our triumph in many of the CohntieSin the
State. And what Was the record ot Flournoy ?
He had himself voted lor the ordinance of
secession; he liad urged the people to seces-
sion ; and he had gone out of the Union before
General Lee took up arths for the Sbuth, aud
was one of those who had made it a necessity
for General Lee to declare himself agauitt the
Government. He was a man who armed a
company, who came to Virginia at the head
of that company for the purpose of doing the
service of the South befoie General Lee had
decided which course he would pursue.
This man, a secessionist while Gerteral Leg
was a Unionist, this man, 1 say, at the head
of a newspaper in the State of Mississippi,
saw proper to charge General Lee with having
been a traitor, and sought to blacken his repu-
tation 111 the presence of the southern people
whose hearts went out to General Lee and
whose Hearts cling around his grave to day,
not because lie was a rebel, but because lie
was a great captain, hbciuse he was a man of
noble qualities, aud because lie won the ad-
miration and respect and love of his soldiers.
They had a right to demur to this denuncia-
tion on the part, of a nlait Who was a secession-
ist, who made it necessary for General Lee to
go outof the Union, and to say that that man
at least should hold his ilionth when the ques-
tion of denouncing General Lee came to be
considered.
A fiiend in the house of Representatives
wrote me upon the subject of not appointing
Flournoy. I replied to the letter. The Sen
ator says that, I ventured to throw a letter
into the presence of a representative from
Mississippi upon the subject of Flournoy and
his course. 1 replied to a letter of a gentle-
man of the house of represerltatives with
regard to the sarne.quest'ioa. He Was led to
suppose, aS the Senator frbm Mississippi has
beetl led to suppose, that 1 had in trti'th turned
Flournoy out of office. It Was not true. So
much for that poiiit.
