118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 13,
tion in any degree of the Delegates from the
Territories. The Constitution provides that
members of the House shall be such as are
described in that instrument. This rule does
not at all interfere with that constitutional
provision. The law gave to the Territories
the right to send to Congress a Delegate^ or
advisory member in regard to their own affairs.
The Delegate has the right to participate in
debates upon affairs relating to his own Ter-
ritory, and to make suggestions; and amotion
is only a suggestion. It is the same as asking
the Chair to put a question. That is fixed by
law, and it does not interfere with the rights
of members at all. It proceeds on the sup-
position, which long experience has shown to
be a correct one, that a man who comes from
a Territory is likely to possess information
which may be useful to the members of the
House who are to legislate.
The Territories have become numerous.
Their interests are very important. They are
rapidly growing into States. And the Com-
mittee on Rules have reported a rule that the
Delegates shall occupy the same advisory posi-
tion on committees which they now do in the
House. They will only be able to make a
suggestion or propose action in the committee.
They will have no right to vote, but being
there under the rules of the House, they will
be bound to obey and observe every rule
of the House precisely the same as if they
were members. There is very good reason
why these advisory privileges should be ex-
tended to the Delegates from Territories in
the meetings of the committeps, and that will
interfere in no possible way with the very high
privilege enjoyed hy gentlemen on the floor
of the House as members of the House repre-
senting States.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Farxs-
worth] desires to ask me a question.
Air. FARNSWORTH. The Constitution
provides that all legislative powers shall be
vested in a Congress, composed of a Senate
and House of Representatives, and that the
House shall b<3 composed of members from
the States. I would ask the gentleman, how
is the legislative power ever exercised except
by a motion that the House do so and so, or
that the Senate do so and so?
Mr. BANKS. 1 would say that that is not
power. The power to propose a motion is not
an absolute power.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is no other
way of exercising power in such a body as this
than by motion.
Mr. BANKS. Certainly the Speaker can
present questions to the House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Heis a member of
the House.
Mr. BANKS. He presents them to the
House as Speaker. And questions can be pre-
sented by memorials. The absolute power of
the House is the power to decide by its vote
on all questions. With that power we do not
interfere, but we can if we choose extend the
power of making suggestions, of presenting an
argument, and even submitting propositions
to the House for decision by a vote to any cit-
izen of the country who may ask to be heard
on any question. Now, all that we do in the
case of Delegates is to give them by a law
that which we are competent to give any day
on any question to any of the citizens of the
country whom we may choose to hear on any
subject that may come before us, and who,
being here, may ask the Chair to submit to
the House such and such questions, or to sub-
mit a question in such and such a form. And
that is what the gentleman calls a motion. The
power is to decide. Now, it is clearly wise
snd clearly just, the interests of the Territo-
lies being so important and so numerous, and
so near us as they are, that we should admit
their Delegates to the deliberations of the com-
mittees to make suggestions under the exer-
cise of exactly the same privileges as they
have on the floor of the House.
Mr. COX. I desire to say just a word.
There is a precedent for this action, occurring
in the year.1817, in the case of a Delegate
from the Territory of Missouri, who was
appointed chairman of a committee to inquire
into the advisability of the admission of that
Territory as a State into the Union.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Will the
gentleman allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. COX. Certainly.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. Have not
the territorial Delegates always been members
of the Committee of the Whole House?
Mr. COX. They are members only as far
as the law of Congress gives them the priv-
ilege of sitting here and making motions, and
not voting. *
Mr. FARNSWORTH. They are not mem-
bers of the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. COX. They are members only so far
as the law of Congress gives them the right to
sit here for certain purposes. This resolution
is not intended to enlarge any of their powers
or rights. It is for the convenience of the
committees more than for the convenience ofthe
Delegates. They come here to Congress for
the purpose of giving information in regard to
their Territories. The purpose now is to give
them a chance of being heard in regard to the
business of those Territories in advance in
these committees, so as to post the committees
as to territorial affairs or District of Columbia
affairs.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Then why not make
them members of the Committee on Indian
Affairs ?
Mr. COX. That is what I was in favor of.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. This rule rather
circumscribes their usefulness.
Mr. COX. I would distributethesa various
Delegates among the committees for the pur
pose of furnishing information to the commit-
tees with reference to the business of the Ter-
ritories, to mines and mining, and Indian
affairs. I will not go any further in the enum-
eration.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. You had better put
them on the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road also.
Mr. ELDRIDGrE. Will the gentleman from
New York allow me to make an inquiry ?
Mr. COX. I will hear it.
Mr. ELDRIDGrE. My inquiry is whether
this is not precisely the same question which
he once argued upon this floor with another
member of the House from Ohio, as to the
propriety of the heads of Departments occu-
pying seats upon the floor of Congress to give
information to members' of Congress? It
seems to me that it is precisely that question,
and nothing more nor less.
Mr. COX. There is no analogy and no com-
parison at all between the two cases. The one
relates to the executive department of the
Government, and the other to the legislative
department.
Mr. RANDALL. I desire to answer the
objection which the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. FaukswouTn] makes, that the power of
these Delegates to sit in the House and make
motions is a legislative power. It is a ques-
tion for the House to determine whether they
possess that power in the House or not. But
that issue is not raised at all by this resolution,
for we have distinctly restricted the powers
which we propose to extend to the Delegates
by this resolution to such only as they possess
iu this House. It will be seen that his objec-
tion, and the only one which has really been
raised here that should cast a doubt on the
propriety of the adoption of this resolution,
amounts to nothing when it is explained. If
a Delegate does not possess the power which
the gentleman calls a legislative power to make
a motion in this House, he will not possess it
under this resolution in the committee. The
object of the resolution is simply to facilitate
legislation, and to make that legislation intelli-
gent and wise by introducing into the deliber-
ations of these two committees one Delegate
from a Territory and the Delegate from the
District of Columbia.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. RANDALL. I will.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. What does the Dele-
gate from Colorado know of the necessities of
the Territory of Arizona?
Mr. RANDALL. I will answer that ques-
tion.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Why not put all the
Delegates on the committee ?
Mr. RANDALL. My answer is that the
Delegates have formed among themselves as
it were a quasi committee, that they meet
together both socially and in a legislative sense,
and they will seek through one of their num-
ber to instruct and enlighten the Committee
on the Territories, and that gentleman will
really come to the Committee on the Terri'o-
ries as the representative of the opinions of
the necessity of legislation of the entire num-
ber, the nine representatives of the Territo-
ries.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. But why not let
them all in ?
Mr. RANDALL. I was in favor of letting
them all in mvself.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The wisdom ofthe
whole is greater than the wisdom of one.
Mr. RANDALL. But the addition of the
nine Delegates to the committee would make
it cumbrous. I have examined the subject in
all its bearings, and lean see no possible objec-
tion to the resolution; and I now move the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. RANDALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
unrolled bill signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
(H. R. No. 612) to provide for a deficiency in
the appropriations for the expenses of taking
the ninth census of the United States ; when
the Speaker signed the same.
children of j. e. martin.
Mr. MORGAN. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill and have it referred, with
the understanding that it shall not be brought
back into the House by a motion to reconsider.
No objection was made, and accordingly the
bill (H. R. No; 620) for the relief of James
C. Martin, Emilia E. Martin, John €r. Martin,
and Leonor Martin, children of J. E. Martin,
deceased, was received, read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
appointments on committees.
The SPEAKER, in compliance with the
ru.e ofthe House adopted this day, announced
the appointment of Jerome B. Chaffee, of
Colorado, as a member of the Committee on
the Territories, and Norton- P. Chipmax as a
member of the Committee for the District of
Columbia.
Mr. LYNCH. I move that the House now
adjourn.
I he motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at tour o clock and twenty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions, ktc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. ARTHUR: The petition of R. S.
hemple and numerous others, citizens of the
United States, for relief from the grievances of
the steamboat law of February 28, 1871, and
