66
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 19,
Senate.
Sale of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Conkling.
i2d Cong....2d Sess.
I invite a denial of the statement, with the
full knowledge that claim agents of BVance rely
upon it to bring oat evidence wherewithal to
pursue merchants in the city of New York. I
repeat again, that I invite denial of the state-
ment that this is one motive of this investiga-
tion, and a motive not concealed from those
who bring it forward.
But, Mr. President, we are told that in trans-
actions of ten million dollars Americans have
made a profit of a million. What of it? I
am glad of it. I would it were two millions ; I
should not grieve if it were fonr. The French
people were doomed to be beaten and stripped
from the start, and if the profits they paid have
gone into the workshops of America, and not
into the workshops ol' Great Britain, amen,
amen. The French people were no parties to
the war. It was not their war. It was a sor-
did dynastic plot and raid of Louis Napoleon.
The sooner his money was gone, the sooner
the agony was over; the sooner the woful
pageant was passed ; the sooner Alsace and
Lorraine were lost; the sooner a sorry theatrical
closed with the words, " Not being permitted
to die at the head of my army, I lay my sword
at the feet of your Majesty." No one need
ask me to grieve for Louis Napoleon for the
cause or the gold he lost. His reign was a
usurpation; his Government and his campaign
were founded on a lie. a .d a lie will upset
anything, fro in an apple-cart to an empire
No, Mr. President, no investigation to enable
Louis Napoleon, or his successor or the claim
agents of France to dog American merchants,
or rummage their books and accounts to learn
whether the sum be more or less they made
from the profits of merchandise in the markets
of the world.
We are told again that French officials have
been guilty of embezzlement. Well, justice
seems to be overtaking them. Remington,
overlooking apparently the ingratitude and the
scandal of their attempting now to wrong him
of his dues, has made valuable contribution to
the information which has brought French cul-
prits to justice. Let France punish her crim-
inals ; let France pursue her remedies ; but do
not let us soil the American name for effect in
a presidential canvass, or to fish for evidence
on which France or Frenchmen may harass
manufacturers or traders in America.
This case as it stands is a case of collapse;
but let it be investigated, and let us be quick,
lest investigation turn to post mortem examin-
ation. Let us investigate it on all sides. I
have offered an amendment to enlarge the
scope of inquiry, and as pertinent to that
amendment 1 read an act of Congress to the
Senate:
" If any person being a citizen oftheUnited States,
whether he be actually resident or abiding within
the United States, or in any foreign country, shall,
without the permission or authority of the Govern-
ment of the United States, directly or indirectly
commence or carry 011 any verbal or written corre-
spondence or intercourse with any foreign Govern-
ment, or any officer or agent thereof, with an intent
to influence the measures or conduct of any foreign
Government, or of any officer or agent thereof, in
relation to any disputes or controversies with the
United States, or defeat the measures of the Govern-
ment of the United States; or if any person being a
citizen of. or resident within the United States, and
not duly authorized, shall counsel, advise, aid, or
assist in any such correspondence, with intent as
aforesaid, ho or they shall be deemed guilty ofa high
misdemeanor, and on conviction before auy court of
the United States having jurisdiction thereof, shall
be punished by a fine not exceeding $o,000, and by
imprisonment during a term not less than six months
nor exceeding three years."
That is a good statute. It was made for a
purpose, and has long stood. It was sigued
by a Massachusetts President, I should like
to know whether it, has been violated. That
correspondence and communication—1 couple
the words of the statute—have been com-
menced and carried on with a foreign Govern
ment, or with the agents or officers thereof, is
too clear for doubt. Whether this has been |
done with the intent denounced in the statute,
let us see. Let there be light on that point
among others. It may be that he, a citizen
of the United States, who, knowing that the
Alabama controversy with England is pending,
knowing that the San Juan boundary dispute
is pending, knowing that Germany's emperor
is an umpire in one of these disputes, know-
ing that heads of other nations are members
of the tribunals before which we are about to
appear, it may be that he who knowing all
this, upon groundless and unexplored pretexts,
arraigns the conduct and the honor of his Gov-
ernment before the world, charges it with a
breach of neutral obligations more odious and
aggravated than those we lay at England's
door, and who holds correspondence with
French agents or officers for this purpose, and
thus provides himself with evidence by which
this purpose may be effectuated, is not caught
in the embrace of the statute I have read. If
so, it will do no harm to investigate, and let
us know how the fact may be. Enough has
cropped out to give occasion to the public to
consider the case in the aspect presented
by my amendment.
The Senator from Missouri will take no of-
fense I hope at my reading an extract from a
German paper published at Chicago, known
as the Staats Zeitung.
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes, sir, and it is edited
by the collector of internal revenue there.
[Laughter.]
Mr. CONKLING. He must be a very good
collector of internal revenue. He is a very
good collector of external information and
external sense. Commend me to that man.
You may depend he is a careful collector of
the things which he deems it his business to
gather up. I read, after the remark of the
Senator with less hesitation than I had before,
the comment of this German organ upon the
proceeding which now occupies us. He says:
"The German Government has never regarded
this matter as a breach of neutrality. It has never
complained or protested: and to be more German-
ized than Bismarck we certainly need not be.
"On the other bide, these speeches ofSU-mner and
Schurz, which are being made at the moment when
the conference of Geneva is threatened with disso-
lution, are so many arms sent to England, to be
used against the United States. This may suit
the Cologne newspaper, but that we should rejoice
thereat does not seem so clear to us. It seems to us
that in the German-American patriotism of Senator
Schurz a curious transformation has occurred.
"At the time when the Germans were protesting
and indignant Senator Schuez was an American
and remained silent. Now, on the eve of a conflict
with England, when it is the duty of every Ameri-
can, native or adopted, to be patriotic and public-
spirited, Senator Sohckz is all at once a German."
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator from New
York permit me to make a remark?
Mi-. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. SCHURZ. The collector of internal
revenue makes the remark that when the sale
of arms was being carried on 1 was an Ameri-
can and did nothing to respond to the explo-
sion of feeling which then went on all over
the country. The man lies, and he knows it,
and there are other gentlemen on this floor
who know it, and 1 appeal to my friend, the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton.]
Mr. SUMNER. I know it. [Laughter.]
Mi. CONKLING. There appears to be a
vast deal of information lying about loose.
[Laughter.] This, in spots and places and
at times, is the most intelligent body I know
anything about. The only wonder is that,
some members who know so much ou some
subjects should be so wanting in information
upon others; bat I am not surprised at this
gush of information. My opinion is, and it
does not rest oil air, that members of this
body do know much of the history, the rise
and the progress, and they will no doubt yet
know much of the decline and tall of the
"arms scandal.'' Their knowledge goes back
for months, and when they leap forward in
their exuberance and wealth of information I
am not surprised.
I did not read this extract from a German
paper to convict the Senator from Missouri of
having done or omitted to do anything. That
was not my object. 1 read it to hold the
mirror up to nature, to let the Senator see the
reflex of his sayings and doings, to let him see
how it strikes intelligent men of all national-
ities and all shades of opinion.
Mr. SCHURZ. May I say a word?
Mr. CONKLING. Always.
Mr. SCHURZ. Did not the Senator rather
prove to me how it strikes the minds of inter-
nal revenue collectors?
Mr. CONKLING. I did not know that I did;
but upon such disordered rules of evidence as
seem to prevail with the Senator I should think
he might come to such a conclusion. He bas
seen fit to speak of this editor as an internal
revenue collector. I hope in so speaking he
has not subtracted anything essential from
his next essay on civil service reform. I hope
this passage torn out will not mar the beauty
of the production. 1 hope enough material
will be lelt to make that essay tremendous with
stunning effects. Some other instance may be
looked up to show that if a man has been
selected by the sentiment and intelligence
around him as a proper person to hold a pub-
lic trust he must be a scoundrel, and is to be
discredited and branded. I understand the
person now so roughly denounced is a respect-
able American citizen of German descent. If
he has ever been guilty of peculation, theft,
fraud, or dishonesty, I pause to enable tie Sen-
ator to state it. If he has not, if he stands
fair and has acquitted himself honestly, per-
sonally and officially, I leave so much of satis-
faction with the Senator as will remain with
him for attempting to asperse an Ameiican
citizen and a countryman of his own.
Mr. SCHURZ. May I add one remark to
the eloquent passage the Senator has just been
delivering himself of?
Mr. CONKLING. More than one.
Mr. SCHURZ. Did 1 not tell the Senator
that that editor, in stating what he does state
there, states something which he knows to be
false?
Mr. CONKLING. I did not fail to hear
the very terse and laconic statement made by
the honorable Senator upon that point. I did
not join issue with him in regard to it, for fear
that my doing so mi^ht lead to discussion,
possibly controversy. Whether, assuming the
article to be false, the editor knew its fakity
is one question; whether the article is false
in general is another question, and ttere the
belief of the honorable Senator and mine might
not coincide.
I believe, Mr. President, this proceeding,
this enormous accusation, and the publication
of it to the world, with a reckless want of care
about its truth, is an act which can never be
justified, and can be palliated only by refer-
ring it to prejudice and feeling too great to be
resisted.
Ditfering widely as to the quality of the act
of parading such accusations, the Senator and
I had better not discuss the justice of the news-
paper paragraph which has disturbed him so
much.
But let us have investigation on all sides.
Letthe.e be no dark place, no nook, no cor-
ner anywhere. The American honor has been
assailed ; the American name has been hawked
at; grave and offensive charges have been
spread before the world. Let us know the
truth no matter at what cost of convenience.
Let the witnesses be brought, if to bring them
it be necessary to traverse continents, visit
islands, vex seas. Let us know the very right
