2806
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
entered on this experiment, and now I insist
that in good faith we shall go through with it;
and that brings me at once to this House pro-
viso whiclx has been tacked on at the end.
Let any one read it, and he will see at once
that it neutralizes all the rest. If you vote
that proviso, you give with one hand and take
back with the other. Now, it' you .ire in ear-
nest, if you are sincere, if yon are in good
faith, I insist that the proviso shall be struck
off, and then that the original proposition as
was reported by the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means shall be adopted.
Mr. COLE. I hope now we can get a vote
on this proposition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let us have theyeaoarid
nays on the motion to reconsider.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will state the question. The Senate by a vote
refused to strike out the proviso. The Sen-
ator from Tennessee has moved to reconsider
that vote, on which question the Senator from
Vermont asks for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. KELLOGG. On this question I am
paired with the Senator from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill.] If present he would vote "nay,"
and I should vote "yea."
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 27, nays23; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard. Blair, Boreman, Casscrly,
Cqiikhng, C°oi)or, Davis of West Virginia, Hamlin.
Hill, Johnston, Kelly, Logan, Morton, Nye, Pratt,
itainsey, llansom, Rice, Sawyer, Schurz, Spencer,
Stockton Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, West, and
Wilson—27.
NAYS—Messrs. Alcorn, Ames, Anthony, Bucking-
ham. Caldwell, Chandler, Cole, Corbott, Edmunds,
i'erry ot Connecticut, Ferry of Michifjan, Uilbort,
Goldthwaite, Hamilton oi Maryland, Hamilton ol
ioxas, Harlan, Morrill of Maine, I'omoroy, llob-
or,fA^\^XonsJ'tl'Vlokcr3.windom, and WriKht—23.
AJJbliiNl — Messrs. lirownlow. Cameron, Carpen-
ter, Clayton, Cragin, Davis of Kontucky, denton,
ilanapn, irelinghuyson, Hitchcock, Howe, Kcl-
losg. LowisI,.Morrill of Vermont, Norwood, Osbom,
riittorson.Pool, SauIsbury.Scott, Sherman,Spraguo,
Stowart, and Thurman—24,
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. The vote
is reconsidered. The question now recurs on
the motion of the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Wilson, j to strike out the proviso.
The motion was agreed to.
, The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the Senate with
the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole as it has been amended.
Mr. WEST, I should like to have the ques-
tion reported now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
reported.
Mr. SUMNER. The question is on the sub-
stitution of the amendment of the committee.
1 think the Senator will remember it.
The Chief Clerk. The second section has
now been amended to read :
Sec. 2. That the proper accounting officers he
and hereby are, authorized and required in the set-
cement of all accounts for the services onaborers
workmen, and mechanics employed by or on behilf
the 25th°ofrTif611^States^between
ipo oi .June, 18t>8, the date of the art pom-
ers worimRn'n°r?rS a<?ay'? work for a11 su0'i labor-
1809 the ,Ia^',,fnf i,meeha,tuos' f*nd tho 19th of May,
low, tue date of the proclamation of the Prpsidpnf
®™P'0y®d°aeuheSnrin '
tot tffSS S6feh usctts
their wages' were redVcTbHK? i?LW&°h
Department under the eight-hour law, so oJlletT"
Mr. EDMUNDS.
amendment
I move to amend the
_ - ~~.v, vv, cmiciiu me
or tiae committee by inserHmr
after the words "Springfield armory," thf
words or at any other armory under similar
cucumstances:" ,o that if there is any other
case where this particular injustice was done,
it shall be applied to them.
The proposed amendment to the amend-
ment was read.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I wish to modify that,
before it is agreed to, by saying "or in any
other establishment;" so that the word "arm-
ory" shall not be held to be a limitation, as
the thing may have occurred in a navy-yard
or arsenal rather than in an armory.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to that
amendment; but I hope the Senate will un-
derstand that if we concur with this amend-
ment of the committee the first part of the
section is stricken out.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. And then the section as it
came from the House is lost, and we do not
secure what several votes of the Senate intend.
The way for the Senate to do is to vote down
this amendment of the committee entirely and
stand on the section as it came from the House
with the amendment which has been made to
that. Those who wish to sustain the section
of the House, that is, to pay these men, must
vote against this amendment of the committee
entirely, and then we shall have it right.
Mr, SUMNER. I am at a loss why we
should attempt to patch up this amendment
of the committee. It seems to me it is incom-
plete, and it cannot be made complete. The
proposition as it comes from the House is
complete. It provides for all these workmen
who have not been paid, without going into
any enumeration ; and why go into an enum-
eration ?
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to read the phrase of the law ?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. The law provides that
" eight hours shall constitute a day's work for
all laborers, workmen, and mechanics now
employed," &c., by the Government.
Mr. SUMNER. "All laborers, workmen,
and mechanics ;" and why go into a specifica-
tion of two or three classes? Pay them all.
The only question is whether they were work-
men, laborers, or mechanics; and if they were,
then I say they were entitled to their equal
pay, and I cannot enter into the idea of those
who would limit it, who would confine the pay
to one or two or three classes. Pay them all,
I say. I think, therefore, it is entirely useless
tor us to amend the amendment. The amend-
ment should be voted down, and the proposi-
tion left as it was originally reported in the
House.
Mr. WEST. I understood the Senator from
Vermont.prop'oses an amendment to the amend-
ment that, was offered by the committee, and
lie will correct me if I am wrong.
^?at's w^at * ProP°se.
Mr. WEST. Has that proposition of Ms
been acted upon by the Senate favorably ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. It has not been acted
on. It is pending.
Mr. WEST. The question before the Sen-
ate is whether they will accept the amend-
ment which has been-offered by the Senator
from Vermont. I give notice that if that
amendment is accepted I shall then move to
strike out the amendment as amended
Mr. EDMUNDS. I supposed so. The
question is what you are going to do, and it
is perfectly useless to have any disguises about
this matter. Of course if you strike oat what
you have already stricken out in the House
provision, and disagree to the amendment
ot the committee, whether amended or not
amended, then you provide that everybody
under the eight-hour law shall be paid for
four fifths the amount of work that was done
in private establishments the same amount
ot pay that is paid m private establishments
when your law says that the pay all the time
shall be equal m the Government workshops
and out of them. That is all there is of it.
Of course it will be very agreeable to the Sen-
ators from Massachusetts and to the Senators ,
from Illinois, where two of these great works
are, to have their constituents receive this
additional bonus.
It is, for aught. I see, just like the case of the
provisions of the pension law in 1865, which
declared that if a pensioner came into Gov-
ernment employment as clerk or anything of
that kind and received the full pay of an able-
bodied man, during that period of time his
pension should be suspended, and it was; but
afterward Congress repealed that law ; and
now these pensioners come to us and say—and I
shall probably be guided in my action by what
the Senate may do in this ease—■" Here, some
pensioners who were not in Government em-
ploy have received more than we have, and
some pensioners even who were in Govern-
ment employ have received more than we have
because their pensions were allowed afterward
and they got their back pensions, having ap-
plied within the proper time." The two cases
in these respects are a good deal alike ; and
it, is interesting, looking to the Treasury, to
see how far this sort of principle of goin" 
back and endeavoring to correct what yousup"
pose a misconstruction of the law, or what
you suppose to bean injustice, because people
clamor for it, and because tney come from
your State, or because they are your friends,
or because they are your soldiers, how far it is
going to carry you. Of course everybody must
confess that justice must carry us to its ultimate
conclusions. Jt we beggar the Treasury and
increase the taxes we must still be just, though
the heavens fall. So say gentlemen ; so say
I. Then you recur to the question what justice
is, as right-minded men understand it. If a
man comes to me to be employed and we come
to a distinct understanding that if he -works
for me eight hours he shall have four fifths as
much as the man who works for me ten hours,
and he chooses to work upon these terms, does
justice require me afterward to give him as
much as I gave the ten-hour man ? Why, Mr.
Piesidentj to maintain the House proposition
as it is now left would require Senators to
answer that question in the affirmative.
Mr. MORION. The question comes up in
another way, whether it was justice to require
the ten-hour men to work the ten hours when
the law provided they should only work eight?
Mr. EDMUNDS. We did not require the
ten hour men to work ten hours, let me tell
the Senator from Indiana. We made no
requirement about it.
^O^TON. To get full price.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Government work
oy an existing law was to be carried on as
private work was; there was to be no aristoc-
racy in the Government workshops; no man
was to put on his feathers and his epaulettes
because he worked in a Government work-
shop instead of in a private establishment,
tjet me tell the Senator that a private estab-
lishment is just as respectable, just as advan-
tageous to the country, as a public establish-
ment is. Now, then, with a private armory,
i you please, at Springfield, on one side of
e street, and the public armory on the other
side ot the street, the regulation of the law of
emand and supply in Massachusetts fixes the
wages by the free consent of both sides in that
ci y at three dollars a day for a particular class
wo™- Government turn around and
L-ay : We will only require our workmen to
ork eight hours; they may work ten if they
1 1e,'.we cannothy hiring a man for a day com-
pel him to work more than eight hours ; but we
ve a right to make any other contract with him
traa w® °1tl00s^ > be has a right to make any con-
tract with us ; if he chooses he may hire himself
ou anywhere else."_ Itl other words, there
in02 ^ a rights in contracts as well
t • Personal things j and any man who main-
, le Principles oi liberty and equal rights
o o be very alow by atiy coercive legislation
un erfcake to declare how long and how
much a man shall be paid for his labor; be-
se it ought to be left to his free will to make
