1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
119
for the improvement of the water routes and
the encouragement, of our navigation interests.
By Mr. BUFFINTON: The memorial of
Charles Drew and 24 others, citizens of Fair-
haven, Massachusetts, praying for the repeal
of the tax on savings banks.
By Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee: The peti-
tion of J. R. Milvin, of Washington county,
Tennessee, praying for the removal of his polit-
ical disabilities.
By Mr. KING: A petition for a post route
from O'B'allon, via Cottleville, Hamburg, Me-
chauicsvilie, Dalhoff, and back to O'Fallon, in
St. Charles county, Missouri.
Also, a petition for a post route from the
city of St. Charles, via Portage des Sioux, to
tlie city of Alton, Illinois.
By Mr. KINSELLA: The petition of Ralph
King, for claim for extra services rendered
while United States consul at Bremen.
By Mr. LOWE: The petition o¥ Nathan
Clark, for payment of property taken by Uni-
ted States forces in 1864.
By Mr. MAYNARD : The petition of Mary
Tbornhill, mother of John A. Thornliill, de-
ceased, late of the ninth Tennessee cavalry,
asking for pay and bounty.
Also, the petition of Minerva B. Thornhill,
of Tennessee, for arrears of pension.
Also, the petition of William R. Duncan, of
Tennessee, praying for pension.
By Mr. McCRARY: The petition of Jacob
A. Edwards, private in company C, eleventh
regiment Iowa volunteers, for pension.
Also, the petition of Mary Desbrow, widow
of Erastus Desbrow, for same.
By Mr. PECK: The petition of Charles R.
Messinger, Chase, Isherwood & Co., and Wit-
ker, Nash & Co., tobacco manufacturers of
Toledo, Ohio, for a uniform tax of sixteen
cents on manufactured and smoking tobacco.
By Mr. PERRY, of Ohio: The petition of
R. S. Simple aud 40 others, praying modifica-
tions of the act of February 28, 1871, relating
to steamboats, and for fostering navigation
interests.
By Mr. ROOSEVELT: A petition of the
officers and crew of the steamer Emily, for
indemnity on account of their capture aud
imprisonment during the rebellion.
Also, a petition in favor of the repeal of
the income tax, prepared under the auspices
of the Anti-Income Tax Association.
By Mr. WALDEN: A petition from certain
printers and stationers of Ottumwa, Iowa, in
regard to the manufacture of envelopes.
By Mr. TWICHELL: The petition of Mrs.
E. Horton, widow of Rev. J. W. Horton,who
was killed in the "New Orleans massacre,"
for relief or pension.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, December 14, 1871.
Prayer by Rev. E. D. Owen, of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
HOUSE BILLS IU3JFHRRED.
The bill (H. R. No. 106) for the relief of
purchasers of land sold for direct taxes in the
insurrectionary States was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The bill (H. R. No. 457) to place on the
naval pension-roll the names of the widows and
minor children of Newton H. Adams and John
Rudenstein was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION'S.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a report of the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, transmitting, in compliance with a reso-
lution of the Senate of the 12th instant, the
papers in the case of the application of Fred-
erick L. Dayton for a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also laid before the Senate a report of
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting, in
compliance with a resolution of the Senate,
reports of the deputy comptroller of the cur-
rency and of the supervising architect of tlie
Treasury, relative to the branch mint at New
Orleans, its operations, &c.; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance, and ordered to
bo printed.
_ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I present a peti-
tion to which I call the attention of the Sen-
ator from Indiana, who is present, [Mr. Mou-
tojt,] hebeingupon the Committee on Foreign
Relations. It is the petition of the Vene-
zuelan Steam Transportation Company. This
is a transportation company consisting of citi-
zens of the States of New York and New Jer-
sey. They constructed four steamers to ply in
.the waters of Venezuela. That republic passed
a law opening their navigation to foreign ves-
sels. These four steamers, manned by Ameri-
can citizens and officers, carried the American
commerce and flag some thousand miles into
the interior, when the vessels were seized, the
seamen and officers imprisoned, and the revo-
lutionists in that republic still hold two of
these vessels. The petition prays that a vessel
of our Navy may be sentthere to release those
steamers, and that indemnity may be had for
the injury done.
The Committee on Foreign Relations will re-
member that the President in his message calls
attention to the conduct of that republic. They
have neglected to give us the indemnity which
has been awarded. I suppose that some decided
action would be conducive to peace, as well as
maintaining the respect due to our flag. In-
demnity could very easily be obtained, if that
extreme measure should become necessary,
by seizing the custom-houses in that republic;
but I do not think that any such measure will
be necessary. The Secretary of State, as Con-
gress is in session, and as the President has
called the attention of Congress to this matter,
does not, I presume, feel authorized to take
decided action. This republic has, by reason
of its weakness, felt at liberty on many occa-
sions to treat with disrespect the rights of
American citizens and the honor of the Amer-
ican flag.
I move that the petition be referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that reference is
made I think I ought to saylhat there are two
sides to that question. Having looked into it
most carefully, most patriotically, with a desire
to find my country in the right, I fear that it is
in the wrong. That is all that I shall under-
take to say now, though, should the question
ever come up for discussion, I shall be ready to
meet it. There are a great many documents
in the case; they have been carefully consid-
ered; and there is a standing protest on the
part of the Venezuelan Government against
the conduct of the agents of the United States,
and some of the agents of the United States
themselves concur with the Venezuelan Gov
ernment.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not know
anything which authorizes me to controverttbe
statement made by the distinguished Senator
from Massachusetts excepting this: that the
facts which I have stated are in proof, certified
by the American consul, and will be laid before
the committee, and. us I understand it, this
subject has never before been subjected to any
investigation. It is a new claim.
Mr. SUMNER. Precisely; and there I
should like to correct my own statement. I
did not intend to say anything especially appli-
cable to the petition introduced bytheSenator;
but as the Senator went forward and stated
that we had additional grounds of complaint
against Venezuela, I felt it my duty in justice
to that country, injustice totheabsent, injus-
tice to my own country, which cannot afford to
do wrong, to make the statement which I did
make.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I do not know
anything in reference to the merits of the
claims presented in the President's message ;
bnt this claim has never been questioned.
While we ought to be very careful in not being
aggressive toward a weak republic, it will not
answer to let the weakness of that republic be
a defense against aggressions upon our flag.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The petition
will be referred to the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
_ Mr. BUCKINGHAM presented a memo
rial of Gould & Stiles, and others, printer
and stationers of Bridgeport, Connecticut,
protesting against the manufacture and tale
of stamped envelopes by the Government;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I present a protest
against the extension of suffrage to women.
It is signed by Mrs. Elmira Lincoln Phelps,
of Baltimore, corresponding secretary of the
National Anti-Suffrage League or Committee
of Women, and is said to be signed by three
thousand five hundred and ninety-eight other
women ; and this number, added to those who
have already presented like petitions or pro-
tests, makes the number more thau ten thou-
sand who have been heard on this question
as a unit.
This protest is said to contain the names of
many of the most highly respectable, influen-
tial, and talented women, who reside in ten dif-
ferent States, over sixteen hundred of them in
the State of Connecticut. In looking over the
names I find that 1 know many of them, and
that they are entitled to great respect. They
are not manly women, but women of good
sense, and their judgment is entitled to con-
sideration. They do not say anything in regard
to the right of suffrage. They do not claim
but that they have as good a right by nature to
vote as men ; nor do they assert but that a boy
of ten years of age has as good a right to vote
as they ; nor do they say that the Government
has not a right to adopt some arbitrary rule
which shall define who may and who may not
exercise the right of suffrage; but they are
alarmed and express their alarm. Having, as
they claim, now their full share of burdens and
responsibilities, they fear that others more bold
than they will place upon them other duties
and responsibilities unsuited to their physical
organization, and therefore they ask Congress
to shield them from these dangers.
They say they think the extension of suffrage
to them will be adverse to the interests of the
workiugwomen, that it will introduce a fruit-
ful element of discord in the existing marriage
relation ; and that it will be fraught with great
danger to the general order of the country.
1 sympathize with them. 1 see no possible
benefit that can arise by the extension of suf-
frage to women which shall be of advantage to
them or to the country. I send the petition
to the desk with its envelope of red, white,
and blue, emblematical of their loyalty, [the
petition was inclosed in a bag made of alter-
nate stripes of red, white, and-blue silk,] and
ask that it be referred to the Committee on
the Judieiary.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred.
Mr. HAMLIN. Mr. President  
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair desires
to state, without interrupting the remarks on
the petitions presented this morning, that the
twenty-fourth rule provides that—
" When a petition is presented, abiic-f statement
of the contents of the petition or memorial sbait
verbally be matle by theintrouuoer."
This is in order to allow the morning busi-
ness to be completed before the expiration of
the honr. The Senator from Maine is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. HAMLIN. I will endeavor to comply
with that rule. I have received two petitions
from citizens of Maine, and in these petitions
they ask that the duty on salt be repealed. I
believe that is a short and suecinct statement
