1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1015
Mr. SUMNER. The figures of Franee ap-
pear in the report made by M. Riant, which is
found in the official journal of the French
republic of June 28, where Messrs. Reming-
ton & Sons are charged with $6,092,178 10.
That is the authority.
Mr. HARLAN. The point of my inquiry
is, who made the comparison of the French
statement with the statement of the Ordnance
Bureau of our own Government ? On what
witness does the Senator rely?
Mr. SUMNER. The witness on which I
rely I can communicate to the Senator. That
is the witness, [holding up a public docu-
ment.]
Mr. HARLAN. What book is that?
Mr. SUMNER. The report of the Secre-
tary of War dated January 24, 1872.
Mr. HARLAN. Who is the book-keeper
that compared these two records?
Mr. SUMNER. That I do not know.
Mr. HARLAN. I understood the Senator
to give the balance showing the discrepancy.
Mr. SUMNER. I said this had been care-
fully examined.
Mr. HARLAN.
point.
Mr. SUMNER.
Mr. HARLAN.
Mr. SUMNER.
Mr. HARLAN.
By whom? That is the
I said by a book-keeper.
What book-keeper?
I do not know his name.
That is aH. I wished to
know on what authority the Senator relies for
this statement.
Mr. SUMNER. The authority on which I
rely is the report of the Secretary of War.
That is the authority, and the Senator can
make his examination as well as any book-
keeper or myself.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator
stated to the Senate that it had been compared
by a book-keeper.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. HARLAN. And that this comparison
showed a discrepancy between the two records.
I want to know who this book-keeper is on
whom the Senator relies.
Mr. SUMNER. I told the Senator that I
could not give the name of the book-keeper.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well.
Mr. SUMNER. I stated the fact, that
according to this report the War Department
has only received on the Remington items
$5,124,953, and I offer as the witness this
report. Let the Senator examine it himself.
Mr. HARLAN. I have read the report and
it shows that not one dollar's worth was ever
sold to Remington by our Government. That
is shown by that book.
Mr. SUMNER. I speak of the items re-
ceived by France. Remington was the agent
of France, and the arms received by France
are all specified in this report. I do not say
that they are specified as sold to Remington,
but they have been carcfully examined by an
expert, and have been detected.
Mr. HARLAN. The honorable Senator,
doubtless, does not want to make a false im-
pression. Now I want to show by the docu-
ment which he has read that not one dollar's
worth was ever sold to Remington by this Gov-
ernment. Will he permit me to do so?
Mr. SUMNER. When I am done.
Mr. HARLAN. Very well.
Mr. SUMNER. My allegation is that the
arms which were sold by the ordnance depart-
ment to France 
Mr. HARLAN. Notone dollar's worth was
ever sold to France by the Government of the
United States, and 1 challenge the Senator to
produce the record.
Mr. SUMNER. Very wellthat will be for
the inquiry 
Mr. HARLAN. But the honorable Senator
is stating here on his authority as a Senator
facts for the consideration of this body in gup-
port of his resolution ; and hence I challenge
the production of the record to sustain the
facts which he alleges.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator is very earnest
in challenge. I reply by the record. For the
arms received France paid with $6,092,173,
and these same arms as they appear in this
report amount to only $5,124,953. I say noth-
ing of the names in the' report. I speak of
things. In the present state of the question,
relating to the purchase of arms, it is hardly
possible to define with accuracy the discrep-
ancies existing between the prices paid by the
French Government to their agent, Rem-
ington, and the sums received by the War
Department. I have already said that in his
last official report 
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator allow me
a word?
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator from Iowa
said that Remington's name did not appear
in this report.
Mr. HARLAN. I did not intend to say that.
I intended to say that not a dollar's worth had
been sold to Remington after it was known that
he was an agent of the French Government.
Mr. SUMNER. Ah! that is different from
the Senator's statement.
I have already said that in his last official
report the Secretary of War states that the
total amount received by his Department for
sales of Army ordnance stores during the fis-
cal year embracing the whole period of the
French war has been about ten millions cur-
rency. It is understood that the sums paid to
Remington, their agent, by the French Gov-
ernment were as high as fifty-four million
francs, to which sum should be added about
fifteen per cent, difference between the price
of gold and currency during the latter part of
1870. Calculating five francs to the dollar,
and adding the difference between gold and
currency, the fifty-four million francs repre-
sent $11,960,000. On the other hand, it is
necessary to deduct from the ten millions rep-
resenting the proceeds of the sale of arms as
stated by the Secretary of War many items
which were not purchased either directly or
indirectly by Remington. Though calculations
are thus far exceedingly uncertain, the amount
of those items may be roughly estimated at
about one million two hundred thousand dol-
lars currency.
It is also proper to state that Remington
purchased several lots of arms from private
parties, and the sums paid for them should be
deducted from the $11,960,000 which represent
the amount paid to him by France. There-
fore, the difference between the prices paid to
Remington by the French Government and
the sums received by the War Office may be
stated at about twenty-four hundred thousand
dollars. I understand that there are other
contracts which have not been fully investi-
gated, and which would increase the sum, so
that more than twent.y-four hundred thousand
dollars represents the apparent difference
between the money paid % France and that
actually received by our Government. What
has become of that vast sum? Has it sunk
midway in the Atlantic? Is it detained in
France? Or is it here in our own country?
That is the question, which in these days of
inquests, ought to be examined. The money
did not take wings and fly away. It is some-
where.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
a word?
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the Senator in that
statement what importance there is in the
allegation of the difference between the amount
paid by France and the amount received by our
Government unless he means to have it under-
stood that our Government sold the arms
directly to French agents with that knowledge.
If the French Government purchased of Rem-
ington, Schuyler, Hartley, & Graham, or other
private parties in this country, they undoubt-
edly made their profit. They sold their arms
for more than they^ gave for them to the Gov-
ernment of the United States. And therefore
there is no importance or significance in the
statement of the Senator unless lie intends to
have it understood that our Government sold
the arms directly to the French Government
and the French Government paid that money
directly to our Government, and our Gov-
ernment failed to account for this sum of
$2,000,000. I desire to have the Senator state
whether he means to make that impression or
to convey that idea, for if he does not there is
no importance attached to the statement.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, have I not
stated again and again that I make no allega-
tions ? The Senator wishes to drive me to an
allegation. He will not. I am occupying a
different position. I am reviewing the evi
dence and facts to show that on those there is;
ground for inquiry.
Now, sir, I put it to the Senator, as a can-
did man, if there is not ground for inquiry 1
Why, sir, you have a telegraphic dispatch,
communicated in cypher to the French Gov-
ernment, stating that the "highest influences
are working" to bring about thatresult. What
are the highest influences ? It must be per-
sons about the Government, familiars of those
who controlled the sales. You have then the
ample letter from Remington himself, who
has been indorsed since by the Secretary of
War. You have then a resolution adopted
by the committee on war contracts of the
French National Assembly declaring their
suspicion of United States officials. Is not
this enough to create suspicion? And that
is all that I assert. I put it to tlie_ Senator,
and cannot contradict it, that there is in these
facts ground for suspicion.
Mr. MORTON rose.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not done. Should
not our officials, before entering upon these
great sales, have instituted an inquiry into the
character of the purchasers? Should they
have sold loosly and at hap-hazard, without
verification, when the sale might involve a
violation of neutral obligations? Such large
sales naturally put the officials on their guard.
What they did was with notice.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allowme
to interrupt him ?
Mr. SU'MNER. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. If I understand the Sen-
ator now, he means to say and to be under-
stood as saying that all these circumstances to
which he refers simply amount to a suspicion.
Now I desire to know whether a suspicion—■
and that is all the Senator claims—whether a
suspicion such as he describes is sufficient to
warrant an elaborate speech in advance of the
examination, in advance of any proof as to
the facts, even from which the suspicion itself
is to be created? The Senator has himself
condensed his whole statements into the alle-
gation that these things warrant a suspicion
against the Government of the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. I stated in the beginning
that I should not even point at any man. I
said I should simply adduce facts, and if those
facts pointed at men, it would be the facts that
spoke and not I. The Senator from Indiana
is trying to drive me beyond the line of my
purpose. He is not content because I will not
assail somebody. He will not succeed. I
know the strength of this case. I know that it
must be inquired into. I know that the Sen-
ator cannot set himself against this inquiry.
It may be that its result will all be as he an-
nounces ; but he cannot deny that on the facts
T adduced there is enough for inquiry. The
name of the United States cannot be fly-blown
in foreign lands; its honor cannot bebrought
under suspicion ; we cannot be arraigned at
the bar of the world for a violation of neutral
obligations and dishonesty in our public ser-
vants, without suffering. I insist that there
must be inquiry to relieve us of this suspicion,
and the Senator seeks to drive me into aowe
