1812.1
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
67
4'2d Cons....2d Sess.
Sale of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Schurz.
Senate,
and justice of this matter. Let us have laid
bare the motives which have brought it about.
Let justice be done, though officials higher or
lower fall.
Sale of Arms to French Agents.
SPEECH OP HON. CARL SCHURZ,
ov mssoviu,
In the Senate op the United States,
February 20, 1872.
The Senate having under consideration the resolu-
tionin relation to the sale of arms to French agents-
Mr. SCHURZ said:
Mr. President: The weakness of a cause is
apt to disclose itself by the nature of the argu-
ments used in its support. When such argu-
ments consist largely in personal attacks and
insinuations concerning the motives and pur-
poses of those holding an opposite view, or in
general declamation about other subjects, the
suspicion lies near that there must be some-
thing wrong and rotten in the matter. If this
must be admitted as a general rule, then
nobody who has listened to the speeches
delivered by the Senator from Indiana [Mr.
Morton] and the Senator from New York
[Mr. Conkling] will deny that the rule finds
its application here. The Senator from In-
diana tried to convince the Senate that there
could be nothing suspicious in the sales of
arms effected by this Government during the
French-German war, because "everyroad out
of the Republican party leads into the Demo-
cratic party;" because the platform of the
Missouri Liberals does not accord with his rule
of constitutional construction, and must there-
fore be unrepublican and radically wrong, and
because he is in favor of the renominarion and
reelection of General Grant, and he is sure to
have it!
The Senator from New York, [Mr. CoNK-
ling,] whom I very sincerely regret not to see
in his seat after his gallant exploit of yester-
day, followed in the footsteps of the Senator
from Indiana. He tried to convince us with
magnificent rhetoric that the sales of arms
must bo necessarily above all blame, because
there is no impression abroad of the existence
of a military ring in this Government; but
there i3 an impression of the existence of a
"senatorial cabal" on this floor bent upon
destroying this Administration, and that the
Democrats are circulating the speeches of cer-
tain Republican Senators in New Hampshire
in order to defeat the Administration party
there.
These things may all have been very inter-
esting, instructive, and elegantly expressed,
but permit me to suggest that they did not
throw much light upon the question now under
discussion ; and I should pass them over with-
out further notice did I not deem it proper to
devote a few iemarks to one thing brought for-
ward by the Senator from New York yesterday.
With an air of triumph he held up a pam-
phlet purporting to contain a copy of a speech
of mine, saying that that pamphlet was circu-
lated by the Democratic pai ty as a campaign
document in New Hampshire, and was pro-
ducing greater effect than any document so far
distributed by them among the people. I have
since inquired into that matter; and what, sir,
do you think that pamphlet contained.' It
contained speeches delivered by the Senator
from Illinois, not now in his seat, [Mr. Trum-
bull,] by the Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Sumner,] by the Senator from Nebraska,
[Mr. Tipton,] and by myself, denouncing the
corruption prevailing in the custom-house at
New York, and urging an investigation of
abuses. Sir, if such tilings work against the
success of the Administration party in New
Hampshire, my impression is that the fault
does not lie with those who denounce corrup-
tion, but with those who, while they might
have rooted it out, have tolerated it. It lies
with the sycophants who, by covering up every
abuse ever so scandalous, defending every vio-
lation of law ever so glaring, have produced
iu the commonwealth an atmosphere in which
corruption can live and grow.
Yes, sir, there is a "senatorial cabal" on
this floor. It is the cabal which defeated the
St. Domingo scheme. It is the cabal which
forced the investigation of corrupt practices
in the New York custom house. It is that
cabal which rendered the reformation of those
crying abuses at last unavoidable by boldly
attacking tliem. But let me tell the Senate
that the speeches of the Senators from Massa-
chusetts and Illinois and Nebraska and my
own would never produce the least effect
adverse to the Administration upon the voters
of New Hampshire, could it not be said in
addition that the most scandalous abuse de-
nounced in those speeches, the general-order
business in the custom-house at New York,
after having been laid open in its whole
naked deformity to the authorities a year ago,
has yet not been abolished; and that even
weeks after the second investigation had ex-
hibited this abuse in a still more glaring light,
Leet and Stocking are at this very moment
fattening upon the gains taken from the mer-
chants of New York. Those who tolerate
abuses are answerable for their effect upon
public opinion, and not those who denounce
them. Had abuses been abolished when they
were exposed, no denunciations need befeared.
There is the rub.
Sir, the so-called ''senatorial cabal" are
accustomed to such attacks as we witness now,
and its members are not afraid of them. They
have accomplished the investigation in New
York through their urgency ; they have thus
rendered some service to the cause of reform,
and now they are endeavoring to repeat the
experiment. That is all I desire to say on
that part of the Senator's speech.
Now, sir, as to the case before us, I look
upon it as one of great importance. It calls
for candid and fearless consideration. If we
strip it of all the personal animadversions and
the flowers of rhetoric in which it has been
enveloped as in a cloud of smoke, and if we
look at it in its simplicity, we find in it three
great questions presented: first, was any-
thing done in connection with the sales of
arms effected during the French-German war
that was inconsistent with the rule laid down
by this Government for its own action—the
rule that no arms should be sold to any known
agent of a belligerent Power? Second, was
what was done in accordance with the laws of
the country? Third, is there in the facts as
they stand before us any ground for suspicion
of corrupt practices connected with those trans-
actions? The whole subject resolves itself
into these three plain questions.
Let us look at the tirst. A short restate-
ment of the facts in the case will be necessary.
The War Department is by law permitted to
sell certain kinds of arms and ordnance stores.
It did so for a long period of time, and there
was nobody finding any fault. Then came the
great war iu Europe, which surrounded the case
with circumstances of extraordinary moment.
The President issued his proclamation pledg-
ing this great Government to observe the
strictest neutiality between the two belligerent
Powers. Now, will any Senator pretend that
there was no extraordinary precaution neces-
sary in the sale of arms after that proclama-
tion of neutrality had been issued? The rule
established by the War Department, that no
arms should be sold to any known agent of
any of the belligerent parlies, was good. Was
that rule honestly established? Was it faith- ;
fully observed? Was it laid down in good I
faith? If so, that rule had to mean some-
thing.
It will escape the attention ofno one that in
a case like this, during the pendency of a great
war abroad, there is a wide difference between
the transactions carried on by a private mer-
chant and similar transactions carried on by a
Government. A private merchant may sell
arms even directly to a belligerent; he only
takes upon himself the risk that those arms be
captured by the opposite party and be con-
demned as contraband of war. But a neutral
Government has something far higher to con-
sider than a mere financial venture. A neu-
tral Government has ils impartial standing to
preserve between the belligerent parties, and
in this respect its character and its honor
among the nations of the world to maintain ;
and the honor and the character of a great
Government are far more valuable thau any
number of millions that might be gained by a
profitable transaction of trade.
Now, sir, the rule laid down by the War
Department for the government of its own
action was good. Lot us see how it was
observed. The Senator from New York yes-
terday said that he wanted to have moro
light upon the subject, and I think he ought
to have it. What were the operations of the
Ordnance Bureau? 1 do not, rely upon hear-
say or upon the testimony of irresponsible
persons; I rely only upon documentary evi-
dence, upon statements of facts which come
in an official way from the Ordnance Bureau
and the Wai> Department itself. Then, sir,
it will certainly be admitted that my authority
is good. The pamphlet I now hold in my
hand contains all the letters given to Mr.
Remington by private persons and by officers
of this Government to accredit him with the
world abroad, and to facilitate the settlement
of his accounts in France, which had become
a little disturbed by suspicions having arisen
as to his conduct m this business. In this
pamphlet I find a letter already referred to, a
letter Irom the chief of ordnance, General
Dyer, certified to by the Secretary of War
under his official seal. The chief of ordnance
describes the operations of tlifi War Depart-
ment at that period in the following manner.
The document is printed m the French lan-
guage; the letters were undoubtedly translated
from the English into French by somebody
for Mr. Remington, andwete then published
for his benefit m Paris. I will translate back
again what I desire to quote:
" After the end of the rebellion, this Department,
with the sanction of Congress, made arrangements
for thosaleof arms and other ordnancestores, and tho
firm of E. Remington & Sons was frequently among
the purchasers. Between tho 1st of July and the
middle of October, 1870, very considorabfesalcs vveie
made by this Department to that house, mid among
them a sale of fifty thousand Springfield rifles,
cleaned and repaired, at the price of five dollars
each, on the 28th of September, 1870. Atihat period
that class of arms wa? very little in demand, aud tno
price was considered very low."
It was indeed ; for, as I am informed, a few
months before that those same arms were
sold, if I am not mistaken, at the rate of
seven dollars apiece.
" The demand for Springfield rifles, however, grew
at that period, and when X resumed my function;! m
the Bureau of'Ordnanec toward the middle oi Octo-
ber, 1870, I found a large number of bids for tiio=e
arms on the files of thel)eparuaent, and tho bidders
very anxious to buy. They wereindoed so itnxioj,-
to get hold of these anus that!ordered_ chat no s-il'> ■
should be made until new bids lor Spruigneid rifles
should have been eallcd out by this Department.
Mv recommendation was highly approved, and i
immediately called out by letters bids Irom the prin-
cipal merchants of arms who wote known to this
Department.
"Half an hour before tile time fixed for the open-
ing ot these bids, Mr. Squire, who was known as the
agent of the house of Remington & Sons, showed
me a dispatch from a member ofth.it house which
proved that Messrs. Iteminfrton & Sons were tno
agents of the French Government, and which author-
ized him [Squnej to buy arm-* I^r them. Ihe object
of Mi. Squire in showing me this dispatch seemed to
