APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20,
Senate.
Sale of Arms to French, Agents—Mr. Schurz.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
me to be to prevent those arms from falling into the
hands of persons who would extort from him in
reselling them to hiin a higher price. He seemed
very anxious to buy the$& arms of the Department
at as low a price as possible.
" X put off the opening of the bids, and immedi-
ately communicated to you thtft dispatch, and you
hastened to instruct me not to accept any bid on the
part of Mr. Squire and Remington & Sons for arms.
You told me that you would not let arms be sold to
an agent Of either of the belligerent Powers, France
or Prussia. I eomtanniciited this dceisiori to Mr.
Squire, and I called out new bids for the .arms.
A lew days afterward I sold a large quantity ot
Si>rin«*bld rifles on bids Which I had called outafter
the interview I had had With you on this subject.
This, sir, was the modus operclndi in which
very large lots of arms was sold. Aside front
this, tliivs letter 
Mr. TIIUiAMAN. To whom was that letter
Q/dPressed ?
Mr. SCHURZ. It was addressed to the
Secretary of War, and it was by the Secre-
tary of War, under the official seal of the
Department, sent to Mr. Remington, and then
used by him in Paris to facilitate the Settle-
ment of his accounts.
Mr. THURMAN. Who was the writer of
the letter?
Mr. SCHURZ. The writer of this letter,
addressed to the Secretary of War, was Gen-
eral Dyer, chief of ordnance. It is General
Dyer's letter officially indorsed by the Secre-
tary of War. This letter contains, besides,
several paragraphs praising Mr. Remington
very highly, and fully indorsing him in his
character as a patriot and as a business toan.
It appears from this letter that in the first
place the question of thirty days' notice as pro-
vided t'or by the statute was entirely ignored ;
but to be perfectly fair, I will suppose that
the same arms had already once been Offered
at public ^ale, that a public notice might have
been omitted, and that they could afterward be
sold at priva'e sale. You will, however, notice
that bids were called out by private letters sent
around among merchants who were well known
to the Departmeti! at Washington. Then came
the discovery of Squite.
Cut stiilanotherthingiutervened. Oneflrm
of merchants dealing in arms, the liim of
Boker & Co., atNewYoik, the largest German
arms merchants ther-, had not been advised.
The chief manager of that house learned acci-
dentally that great sales of arms Were to be
made. He came to. Washington. He com-
municated that fact to the Prussian minis-
ter, and out of that circumstance grew those
occurrences and conversations to which I
referred in my speech the other day. He went
to the Department and requested that the sales
be postponed. The sales were postponed, as
the chief of ordnance informs us in this
document, for a few days. Now, sir, since the
Senator from New York the other day put
forih the assertion that a German house in
New York had bought arms for Germany,
which arms had been sent to Germany, as I
understood him to say  
Mr. CONKLING. Whichwaydid theSen-
ator understand me, because he now quotes
me both ways? I did not say "bought for
Germany."
Mr. SCHURZ. That those arms had gone
to Germany.
Mr. CONKLING. That is a very different
statement.
Mr. SCHURZ. Very well; no matter, that
those arms had gone to Germany; whereupon
] asked him the question whether he was quite
sure as to the truth of what he said, and he
replied very emphatically, Yes, sir." Since
that time 1 have received very reliable informa-
tion on that, subject, and ! find that the Sen-
ator from New York had no reason to express
himself with such certainty.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me a moment?
Mr, SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the Senator think
he gives a fair statement of my answer to him?
Mr. SCHURZ. I will permit the Senator
from New York to make the statement himself,
so as to be perfectly fair.
Mr. CONKLING. I repeat the statement
I made then, which the Senator has repeated
in part, saying Yes, sir," and adding that I
spoke from information which 1 had received
from authority which I did not and could not
donbt. Of course I did not undertake to say
personally, nor did I indicate that I had any
personal knowledge of the subject; but I said,
as I repeat now, that I received the statement
upon authority which I did not doubt, and I
will add, further, upon authority which I think
could not be mistaken.
Mr. SCHURZ. Well, sir, I think in that
case I have better authority than the Senator
has, for I am quite sure that that statement was
not correct. However, the sales were post-
poned. As I am reliably informed, that mer-
chant thought the sales were postponed at his
instance: but if we may draw a conclusion
from the language of the report of General
Dyer, it appears just as likely that the sales were
postponed in consequence of the discovery that
the firm of Remington & Sons had justavowed
themselves to their agent Squire as the agents
of the French Government, one of the bel-
ligerent Powers, and that their bids would
therefore not be accepted. There were new
calls for bids. The sales were finally made on
the 20th of October. They were completed
at New York at four o'clock p. m. on the 21st
of October; and here are the firms to which
those arms were sold, according to General
Deer's statement:
"Austin Baldwin & Co., Herman Boker & Co..
Schuyler, Hartley & G-raham, forty thousand Spring-
field rifles; one hundred thousand Springfield rifles;
fifty thousand Springfield rifles"—
And agam:
•' One hundred thousand Springfield rifles."
I say the sale was made to these firms on the
20th. On the 21st, at four o'clock p. m., the
the sale was completed, and according to a
dispatch of the French consul, which appeared
in the Place trial, dated on the 22d of October,
one day after the sales had been eompltted the
required advance on these arms had already
been paid by the French Government, through
the French consul at New York. If you want
the proof of this, I have it before me.
In the first place, as to the completion of the
sales General Dyer himself saya, in instructing
Major Ciispin, at New York:
"You are authorized to deliver the arms to the
parties above mentioned on the payment of twenty
per cent, on the purchase money, &c., on Wednes-
day, the 21st instant, at four o'clock p. m."
I have here an account of the trial of Place,
on the forty-ninth page of which it appears
that Place, on the 22d of October, sent a dis-
patch to the commission of armament at Tours,
in which he informs that commission that these
same items of arms had been bought by the
French Government, and that the necessary
payments had been made by him. It must be
admitted that business was done promptly,
and that if that business was not done by
Remington himself, it was done by interme-
diate paities with a rapidity perfectly marvel-
ous. Does not the question naturally suggest
itself whether the sales after Squire had dis-
covered himself as a French agent were post-
poned with a view of giving him an opportun-
ity to make private arrangements with other
bidders? I will not charge anything of the
kind as having been done, but I would ask
every fair minded man whether the suspicion
does not, according to the circumstances, lie
very near, considering that if it had been the
programme it could scarcely have been carried
out wiih greater promptness?
Mr. CORBETT. j should like to make an
inquiry of the Senator from Missouri to see
whether I understood him correctly; whether
Herman Boker & Co , the German house of
which he spoke, sold these arms? It is stated
that all these arms went to France, and if soy
they must have included those purchased by
the German house also.
Mr. SCHURZ. 1 shallgive the Senator my
impression about that point, too.
Mr. COHBEfT. 1 do not understand that
definitely.
Mr. SCHURZ. Well, the arms bought by
the firm of Herman Boker & Co. were bought
by one of the members of that house who
came to Washington as soon as he had acci-
dentally heard that those sales were to be
made. The Senator will remember that there
has been some talk here of an intuition on the
part of a New York merchant to pay the ad-
vance money on arms in order to prevent
them from falling into the hands of the French,
with the expectation that afterward his loss
should be made good by the Prussian Govern-
ment. The Senator will remember, also, it
was stated that there was a dispatch sent
across the water concerning thia matter, and
that the German Government, would have
nothing to do with the transaction. It was in
this way, as I understand it, that fifty thousand
Springfield muskets passed into the hands of
that tirm—a firm which, having no market
anywhere else, would hardly have been able
to hold the arms, considering that the matter
involved a capital of nearly five hundred thou-
sand dollars, or something like that, With no
prospect of relief. The arms passed from that
linn into the hands of the firm of Schuyler,
Hartley & Graham, and at once from Schuyler)
Hartley & Graham into the hands of Reming-
ton. and were shipped to France.
Mr. CORBETT. Then, from the statement
of the Senator it would appear that the Ger-
man house indirectly furnished to the French
Government the arms which one of the mem-
bers of the firm came on to Washington to
prevent being sold to the French Government.
Mr. SCHURZ. I leave the Senator to his
own interpretation of the fact, but it may be
very questionable whether a house would be
able to carry an expense of something like
half a million dollars for an indefinite period
without any market in which to sell, and with-
out. any prospect of reimbursement. At any
rate, there is the transaction as it stands: a
sale at the War Department after A man's bid
had been thrown out on the ground that he
was an agent of the French Government)
large lots of arms sold; and no sooner had
they been sold than within the space of less
than two days those arms were in the hands
of the French cousul.
I repeat, Mr. President, I will not say that
the ordnance department was privy to these
transactions, but no fair-minded man will deny
that if there were no other grounds for suspi-
cion, that transaction alone would be sufficient
to suggest inquiry.
But now comes the ease of Mr, Richardson,
■'the little lawyer;" and I will promise the
Senator of New York not to speak jestingly of
him to-day. His little lawyer shall be treated
with the utmost seriousness. What did Mr.
Richardson want? This transaction occurred
in the month of December. He wanted a large
lot of breech-loading arms ; he wanted more
than forty thousand breech-loading Springfield
muskets. I should like to know whether, when
the War Department sent around its private
letters to the arms merchants of the country,
one of those letters was addressed to " Mr.
Thomas Richardson, attorney-at-law, iiion,
New Yoik?" The Senator from New York
will observe that lam treating the matter very
seriously. It would be interesting to leain
whether his name, too, had cdtne before the
War Department as one of the great dealers
in arms and ordnance stores of the country,
