18*2.]
APPENDIX TO TH.il CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
60
42d Oong....2b Sess.
Sale of Arms to French Agents—$fr. Schurz.
Senate.
The Senator from New York yesterday laid
great stress upon the circumstance that it was
not absolutely necessary lor Mr. Richardson,
the lawyer, to appear here to transact that
business in person, and that the War Depart
ment had no interest to inquire at all whether
he was a lawyer or an arms merchant. The
Senator from New York wants more light, and
he ought to have more upon this subject also.
No, sir, Mr. Richardson, the lawyer, could not
transact his business with the War Depart-
ment by merely sending in a bid and by
depositing a check amounting to twenty per
cent, of the purchase-money. Under ordin-
ary circumstances that might have been
done; but I think I shall be able to prove to
the Senator from New York that in this case
it hardly could be done; and why? There
was some difficulty about those breech-loaders;
there were a great many more wanted by the
French Government through Mr. Remington
than could be had. Cartridges also were
wanted, and cartridges could not immediately
be had, and it required an effort to induce the
ordnance department to order that they be
manufactured. This appears from Mr. Rem-
ington's letter, whose veracity the Senator
from New York will not be likely to impeach.
Now, sir, there must certainly have been
some person to overcome all these great diffi-
culties, by his presence here at Washington;
for it was, according to the testimony before
us, an intricate and difficult affair. Therefore,
in order to overcome the objections of the De-
partment to the sale of as many Springfield
breech-loaders as be wanted, the lawyer Kich-
ard&on would have been bound to come here;
and also, in order to have those cartridges
manufactured, and to remove the doubts of
the War Department in that respect, the pres-
ence of the purchasing lawyer was urgently
required. There was, indeed, a personal
effort made, and that personal effort appears
on record also; but it was not made by law-
yer Richardson, whose presence in Washington
has never been asserted, although it has by
myself been very pointedly put. ui question;
but that personal effort, according to the rec-
ord, was made by Mr. Remington himself.
Here is his letter:
"Regarding the purchase of Springficlds, (trans-
formed,) Allen's system, I am sorry to nay the great-
est number we may hope to get will not, I fear,
exceed forty thousand. The Government has never
made but about seventy-five thousand uii told, and
forty thousand is tho greatest number they think it
prudent to spare."
A piece of knowledge which might be quite
natural in Mr. Remington, the great arms
merchant, but would be rather surprising in
the lawyer of Ilion.
" I may be able to procure, depending upon an
exchange of our arms"—
Not Mr. Richardson's, I suppose—
"at some future time, for the number of breech-
loading Spnngiields over and above forty thousand
they are willing to let go now.
"This question of an exchange, with the very
friendly feeling I find existing to aid France, Ihope
to be able to procure more. Cartridges tor the-e
forty thousand will in a great measure require to be
made, as the Government have but about three mil-
lion in hand. But the Government has consented
to allow the requisite number, four bundredfor each
gun, to be made, and the cartridge-works have had
orders given yesterday''—
Mr. Remington could not have been very
far away—
"to increase production to the full capacity of
works. This question of making the cartridges at
the Government works was a difficult one to get over.
But it is done."
Now, sir, this is the same Mr. Remington
who had about the middle of October been
discovered as a French agent, by the most
authoritative document that could possibly be
presented, a dispatch coming from him to his
sub-agent Squire; and yet the same Mr. Rem-
ington, in the name probably ot Mr. Rich-
ardson, transacted this business and overcame
all the difficulties standing in the way. We
have heard much about Mr. Remington's per-
sonal honor, and I would be the very last man
to cast a slur upon it. The Senator from New
York has been telling us that he is a gentle-
man of very high qualities. Certainly he is
then not the " bragging broker" who, in his cor-
respondence with, his employers, \jould make
use of expressions to ascribe to himself the
credit of a success which really belonged to
another.
But this letter contains something else yet—
a significant statement about batteries. We
find the same batteries to be those which
were sold to Austin, Baldwin & Co., for
there is no other item of fifty batteries in this
great catalogue except one sold in March,
which has not yet been touched in this debate.
It appears that at first Mr. Remington had
made a contract for one hundred batteries,
that the French Government then only wanted
fifty, that the deposit of twenty per cent, in
advance on the one hundred batteries had al-
ready, been made, and that the War Depart-
ment had to be persuaded to let go half of the
money that had already been advanced. In
this Mr. Remington, according to his letter,
succeeded again, and again it cannot be sup-
posed that he was a mere " bragging broker,"
who would ascribe to himself au exploit.which
really belonged to Austin Baldwin & Com-
pany. It must be confessed that it required
considerable familiarity between the ordnance
department and Mr. Remington to make the
former so exceedingly accommodating to him,
consenting to relinquish half of the bargain
already concluded by the payment of the
advance money.
But, sir, we have some more testimony from
Mr. Remington—not a mere letter, which may
be liable to a double interpretation, but testi-
mony which Mr. Remington gave under oath ;
and I shall now lay that before the Senate.
Mr. Remington was a witness in the great
Place trial, and iu his deposition before the
court he expressed himself as follows: I have
to translate irom the French again:
" I did not regard myself as obliged to make
advances, [tor the French Government;] still less
inasmuch as 1 had myself to pay to the Government
ot the United States an advaneo of ten to twenty
I er cent."
But something still more significant. Mr.
Remington was on the witness-stand twice,
once in the Place trial and once before the in-
vestigating committee of the French National
Assembly. Before that committee he declared
upon his oath again, after having spoken of
certain transactions, "butthe Government''—
meaning the French Government—"insisted,
and I was charged by it to treat with the Gov-
ernment of the United States and now we
come also to the motive which brought Mr.
Remington here in December, in order to
transact the business connected with the pur-
chase ostensibly made by Mr. Thomas Rich-
ardson, the lawyer. He says :
"At that moment the French Government was so
much in need ol' arms that the commission on arm-
ament desired that I should go to America at once
for the purpose of seeing whether it would be pos-
sible to secure arms ot my house, breech-loaders,
which had been acquired by the Government of tho
United States. X left Tours on the 18th of Novem-
ber, and I arrived at New York on the 2d of Decem-
ber."
And it was after this that those interviews
and transactions with our War Department
took place which are described in the letter of
Mr. Remington himself. Now, sir, let us look
at the facts. How was the great rule observed
that no arms should be sold to an agent of
either of the belligerent Powers? Wnatwas
required tor the observance of that rule? Jly
own interpretation of it, as to the extent of its
binding force, has appeared in the Globe; it
was as follows:
" The Government
After having made that declaration unit laid
down for its own action that rule—
" had to be careful not oniy not to soli to men whom
they knew to bo agents of either oiio or tho oilier of
the belligerent parties, butthe Government had to
satisfy themselves that persons applying tor itrms
wore not the agents of either one or the otUei of tho
belligerent parties with all tho means of information
within reach."
This statement was objected to as altogether
too extravagant. The Senator from Indiana
gave his own interpretation of the rule, and I
will read it. He said :
" AU that could be required of our Government
in tint connection would be the excrcisn ot what
may be called reasonable diligence. If they have
reason to believe that the person buying tho arms
is the agent of tho French Government or ot tiny
belligerent, then our Government has no right to
make tho sale."
And further on he said:
" All that we aro called upon to know is that he is
not the agent of one of tho belligerent parties and
that we are not selling to a belligerent Government."
Let me bring this home to the Senator from
Indiana. ''All that we are called upon to
know is that the purchaser is trot the agent
of one of the belligerent parties and that we
are not selling to a belligerent Government."
Sir, I am perfectly willing to waive my own
and to adopt the interpretation of the Senator
from Indiana. What, sir, does "reasonable
diligence" in a case like this mean? Does it
not mean that a Government should sutisly
itself by all accessible means of information ?
Let me draw it still milder and say by all the
meansof information within easy reach—taking
circumstances into account—that a buyer is
not acting as the agent of one of the belliger-
ent parties? This is not a question of mere
legal technicality. This, applied to a great
Government, is a question of good faith ; it
is a question of political morals. Now, let us
see what the moral code of the Senator from
Indiana is according to his own statement.
He says:
"All we could do would be to take their word;
and when we asked them the question, 'Are \ou
buying these arms lor Franco?' they would have
said, ' We arc buying them for ouisclves; wo aro
merchants.' I ask, could we go one step further?"
Then I put a question to the Senator from
Indiana in this language :
" The Government of tho United States very prop-
erly had d<nvn for itself a certain rule ot action,
which consisted in this, that no arms huould b<_ c^old
to one Known to bo the agent of one of the belliger-
ent parties. Now, suppose a. J hi? d party applies /or
arms, suppose the known agent ot the belligerent
party, in this case, for instance, Mr. Remington, ap-
pears before the ordnance department and trinkets
there the business of that new applicant, that third
Earty—I am not going to try to prove that this was
ere actually the case, but X am merely reasoning
upon that supposition—the known agent of a ior-
eign Government, one of the belligerent paiiieo,
acting as the sub-agent of one who a pplies for arms,
would there be proof enough to the Govern menUhat
has arms for sale that those arms are going into the
hands of one of tho agents of a belligerent Power?
Now, mark what moral standard the Senator
from Indiana applies to a case like thiU:
"Mr. Morton. As to whether that would even
excite a suspicion depends very much on the sur-
rounding circumstances. Now, I will suppose 1hat
when Mr. Richardson's piopositiou came in to buy
arms Mr. Remington camc as his agent. I wi 1 sup-
pose what the Senator dues not assert, and says he
cannot assert, I will suppose what I do not bc/ieve
to be the fact 
" Mr.SCHURZ. 1 did not say that I cannot assert it,
but Pimply that I do not assert it.
"Mr. Morton. Well, the Senator says he doe-- not
assert it. That is sufiieicnt. I think if he could, he
would, becausc I think the Senator has shown a very
creditable degree of willingness to make a-sertions
all through this debate, when he says lie cannot
assert it I take it he has no authority for assert-
ing it."
Let me remark here to the Senator from
Indiana that I did not say that I Could not
assert it.
"But now 1 shall put it on the ground that Rem-
ington did go forward as the agent of iticharuson,
the littie country lawyer. What is there remark-
able about that?"
Is there indeed nothing remarkable about
