1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of revenue, has uniformly reimbursed its own
exchequer by money drawn from the pockets
ot' those who became settlers upon the half
of the lands not given away.
The pioneer who braves the hardships of a
new country, and endures its privations in order
to obtain a home whose value is within his
limited means, is allowed to purchase his quar-
ter of an even section with the condition that
he also purchase an equal quantity upon an
odd section to be donated to a railroad com-
pany, which is expected to buildnear him its
line. And in this manner millions of acres
have passed into the hands of non-resident
proprietors, and placed beyond the present
reach of actual settlement, to the detriment of
the growth and advancement of the country.
Sir, I do not complain that these grants have
been made, or that when found necessary for
the improvement of a new country the lands
have been resorted to as a means of furnish-
ing that needed improvement. I know the
anxiety of a people on the frontier, isolated
and deprived of commercial facilities, to secure
a communication with the older and more for-
. tunate communities.
Having been a resident of the State in which I
live before a railroad had reached her border,
and shared with her people that anxiety, I can
fully appreciate the feelingofthatpeople whose
hearts were made glad by intelligence that the
moiety of the unsold lands was to be devoted
to the purpose of procuring a railroad. I have
seen the road built and the lauds to the amount
of over a million acres pass into unproductive
hands, where they now nearly all remain a
desert waste, awaiting such an advance in
price as will suit the corporation by whom they
arc owned. But a close observation of the
several land grants in my State has convinced
me that all the benefits^ they brought us could
have been secured without their attendant
evils. Ilaving taken the position that the
interest of the State requires the early disposal
of the public lands, and believing them to be
of a very insignificant value as a means ot
revenue, I will not deny that if they can be
made to secure important internal improve-
ments they will have been wisely applied, pro-
vided it has not been done at the expense of
the general improvement of the country; but
in this respect 1 am convinced that we have
committed grave and irreparable errors.
If we had granted to needed improvements
the proceeds of the sales ol these lands instead
of the lands themselves, and kept them all
subject to actual occupancy only, we would have
avoided a long train of abuses which must now
be submitted to so far as past legislation is
concerned, but which I hope may be avoided
in the future if further grants are deemed desir-
able or necessary. I ain not, Mr. Speaker, an
advocate of land grants in any form. 1 speal
in behalf of that principle_which I hope mriy
lic adopted in all future legislation, which will
dedicate the remainder of the public domain
to the use of homestead and preemption claim-
ants, and set it apart for homes of soldiers and
seamen, who have served in the Army and
Navy of the country and defended its flag.
But should we be forced to concede that the
needed works of improvement can only be
secured by making a grant, let us not repeat
the errors of former ones, which have been the
means of withdrawing from use for these pur-
poses so many million acres.
To show the extent of abuses of the plan
under which grunts have been uniformly made,
as well as the fact that all the benefits could
have been secured if the restrictions I have
laimed had been applied, I invite attention to
the history of some of the piincipal grants
made in my own State
'1 he fiiss grant ever made there was under
the teriitonal existence, and was for the
ostensible purpose of improving the naviga-
tion of the Des Moines river, and under the
operation of which the United States trans-
ferred to a corporation its title to eight hun-
dred and thirty-three thousand acres of the
most valuable land in the Slate. Its results
have been a complete abortion so far as secur-
ing any valuable improvement is concerned,
the -withdrawal from settlement of nearly the
entire extent for more than twenty years, and
the entailing of tedious and harrowing litiga-
tion upon settlers, occasioned by conflicting
and contradictory constructions upon it by
Department and judicial officers. I have
searched the records of Congress iu vam
to find a more pointed rebuke to the unre-
stricted system ot land grants than this, or to
find another instance where so valuable a sub-
sidy has proven so absolutely barren of bene-
ficial results or inflicted so great damage upon
the locality it was designed to benefit. Yet,
if the principle for which I contend had been
applied to this grant, it might not, it is true,
have secured the expectedimprovement, which
bad been made impossible by nature, but it
would have prevented all the most flagrant
abuses which have followed it. It would have
secured the lands to settlement and cultiva-
tion, and avoided a series of wasting and vex-
atious suits at law over questions of title.
In 1856 Congress granted lands in alternate
sections to aid in the construction of four
lines of railroad across that State, and since
that time grants have been made to three ad-
ditional lines, and the total amount of land
embraced in all of them was 7,207,838.88
acres, which, by computation, is found to be
more than one fifth of the entire area of the
State. These were also of that unrestricted
kind that passed to these several corpora-
tions the title to that magnificent body of
land where the greater part of it remains
to-day; and in the general rejoicing of the
people at the enactment of them they regarded
it as the date of the commencement of a rapid,
uninterrupted growth, the bow^ of promise to
them who had long been denied the higher
enjoyments of civilization; but they forgot to
estimate the area of territory thus condemned
to solitude and the obstacles thus placed in
the way of an increase ot population. These
anticipations were not entirely realized. None
of these roads were completed until after these
highly wrought up expectations had been re-
peatedly disappointed and often abandoned;
not, indeed, until in nearly every case an exten-
sion of lime had been granted in which to per-
form the stipulated work, and in none of them
had the work fairly begun until under the prom-
ise of early completion, thus held out, immigra-
tion had so augmented the business along its
line as to make that extension desirable as a
source of profit independent of the grant. Pleas
for mercy and extension, such as have seldom
proved availing when offered in behalf of the
homestead or preemption claimant, who finds
' himself unable to meet his obligations to the
Government, have been singularly efficacious
when made by corporations with a firm grasp
upon the coveted lands; and thus, time alter
time, these extensions are given. Meanwhile
the lauds lie uncultivated and wild, awaiting
the solution of the doubtful question ot their
ownership, producing neither revenue nor
taxes. Is there no remedy for these eviiS
which can be applied to the leriitories yet to
be settled? Is the experience through which
wc have passed ol no value upon this subject.
If the system of grants is wrong in the ab-
stract, it should be discontinued; but if that
has served a good purpose and aided in hasten-
ing the star of empire, which is ever making its
way westward, while the baneful effects which
have followed it are the result of its being
i based up:>n incorrect and iiijmious principle*,
1 then we should hold on to that pail which is
good, and relieve it of all its onerous and use-
less burdens. Returning to tne illustration iur-
nished by our Iowa grants, I am at a loss -to
know whether in my opinion they have been
a benefit or a positive injury. I have no hes-
itancy, however, in arriving at the conclusion
that all their benefits could have been secured
without their evils, by the application of this
theory: the selling by the Government both
the odd and even sections for cultivation, mak-
ing the title pass directly to the purchaser
without filtering through a corporation, and
paying the proceeds of the odd sections in aid
of needed works of improvement.
The amount of land granted to railroads in
Iowa sold at $2 50 per acre, the price at which
the even sections have been sold, womld have
produced $18,019,597, which sum I do not fear
to assert would have secured the building of all
these roads more rapidly than they have been,
and the increased settlement of the lauds under
this system would insure them a larger busi-
ness and greater profit when completed. This
svstem of grants was begun in 1850, and now,
after a lapse of sixteen years, these roads are
not all completed, although the trade of the
country has so increased as to make the build-
ing of roads profitable.
Instead of paying only a sufficient sum to
secure the roads, and leaving the profits made
by the companies in the hands of the people
to increase their producing power, the lands
pass to them, and the statements of their
receipts from them up to this time show that
the average price st, which they .have been
sold is $7 04 per acre; at which price, when
their grants are all disposed of, they will have
severally received for them these sums per
mile of their roads:
Per mile.
Burlington and Missouri #15,05/ 90
Chicaeo, llock Island, and Pacific 1®
Iowa Falls and Sioux City..-.  ^'199, 22
Cedar llapids und Missouri River 24,;S
Dubuque and Sioux City  26,26S 0J
St. Paul and Sioux City o8,(M> ib
It is easy to estimate that at the end of these
transactions more than a hundred million dol-
lars will have passed from the pockets of the
people into those of the corporations; from the
hands of those who would use it into a condi-
tion of unproductiveness. To that extent
development will have been retarded and
national wealth diminished. These illustra-
tions are among the most mild. Being among
the early grants, they were made before pre-
sumption was fall grown. They have been
since repealed upon a more extended scale,
reaching iu the case of the Northern Pacific
grant more than forty-seven million acres in
one grant.
In my opinion this accumulation of large
quantities of land under one ownership has
many objectionable features. The grant 13
necessarily a conditional one, mid thus the
title is held for a long time in abeyance, and
after the condition is performed,_and the land
earned, so many questions are liable to arise
touching that compliance, or the location of
the laud, that conflicting decisions are made
to annoy those who may have settled on
or near them, ending not (infrequently in
divesting them of their homes and the labor
of years in improving and enriching them.
Again, these large proprietors, through their
numerous means, secure purchasers at high
priecs by holding up to them the inducements
of long time and easy payments, hue at such
exorbitant rates of interest that many who are
incited by the hope of securing a permanent
home to purchase upon these terms find them-
selves unable to meet the demands ot a family
and provide for the exacting interest, which
increases with unending certainty until the
obligation matures, and finds them with no
alternative bur the abandonment of theiv homes
and the suricitder of the.r several years ot
liuiiest toil. 11 builds up a landed aristocracy
scarcely less prejudicial to the interests of the
State than the feudalism of the Middle Ages.
Mr.. Speaker, I am not an opponent of any
