1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3705
resolution of the Senate of the 11th instant,
information called for in relation to certain
Pacific railroads ; which was ordered to lie
on thg table, and be printed.
taxes on di&til led spirits.
Mr. SHERMAN submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (S. No. 881) to
provide for the abatement or repayment of taxes
on distilled spirits in bond destroyed by casualty,
having met, after full and free conference have
agreed to recommend, and do recommend to their
respective Houses, as follows:
That the Senate recede from its disagreement to
the amendments of the House, and agree to the
same with an amendment as follows :
Strikeout all of section one after " destruction,"
in line four, and insert in lieu thereof the follow-
ing: "by accidental fire or other casualty, and
without any fraud, collusion, or negligence of the
owners thereof of any distilled spirits on which the
tax at the time of the destruction of said spirits
had not been paid, and while the same remained
in the custody of any officer of internal revenue in
any distillery warehouse or bonded warehouse of
the United States, to abate the amount of internal
revenue taxes accruing thereon, and to cancel any
warehouse bond, or any satisfaction thereon, in
whole or in part, as the case may be, and if such
taxes have been collected since the destruction of
said spirits, then the Secretary of the Treasury shall
refund the sane to the owners thereof out of any
money in the Treasury not. otherwise appropriated
and the House agree to the same.
JOHN SHERMAN,
GEORGE G.WRIGHT,
ELI SAULSBURY,
Managers on the vartof the Senate,
JAMES B. BECK.
HORATIO 0. BURCHARD,
G. A. FINKELNBURG,
Managers on the part of the Mouse.
The report was concurred in.
Mr. BAYARD resumed the floor, and hav-
ing spoken five minutes longer,
Mr. BLAIR. I simply wish to state to the
Senate that my colleague on the committee,
the [Senator from Delaware, is very much
fatigued. He has been addressing the Senate
now since one o'clock and he would like to
have a recess because he finds himself unable
to proceed with his remarks. I made the
motion before without making the explanation,
and 1 suppose it was voted down without being
understood by the Senate.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The motion for
a recess is not debatable except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. MORTON. I was going to remark
that while I should be glad to extend any
favor to the Senator from Delaware, I think
it is but fair, under all the circumstances, to
other Senators who desire to speak before the
debate closes, as it is to be closed to night
by agreement, that the recess should not be
taken, if at all, until after the Senator from
Delaware has concluded his speech. I prefer
that we should go on continuously. The Sen-
ator from Missouri occupied the entire after-
noon almost yesterday ; the Senator from Dela-
ware has occupied this afternoon, and if he is
to occupy this evening also after the recess
there wili be very little time left for others to
speak on this question. Inasmuch as we have
by express arrangement agreed that this debate
shall end to-night, there ought to be something
like an equitable division of the time.
Mr. BAYARD. I make no appeal what-
ever to the courtesy of the Senate, and after
the remarks of the Senator from Indiana, if I
had even been disposed to do so originally, I
should certainly withdraw it.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
prefers to continue now, as the Chair under-
stands. The Chair was about to submit to the
Senate the question on the motion of the Sen
ator from Missouri.
Mr. BAYARD. The Senate may vote
upon it. I merely wished it to be understood
that I do not ask any courtesy of the Senate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question is
on the motion of the Senator from Missouri
that the Senate now take a recess until half
past seven o'clock.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I understand that the
Senator from Delaware wishes to rest a little
while and get a luncheon. I have no objec-
tion to a recess for half an hour, but I do not
want to oblige everybody to go home and
come back. If it will be any gratification to
the Senator from Delaware to take a recess
for half an hour to rest and refresh himself, I
would agree to that.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I suggest
that it be an hour.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Well, say half past five;
that will be almost an hour.
Mr. SCOTT. As I was in charge of this
bill I desire to say a word. I was necessarily
detained from the Chamber during the after-
noon on the Finance Committee, and when I
came in I wished to ascertain the sense of the
Senate as to proceeding with the bill, and
doing so I discovered that there were several
Senators who desire to speak, and it was sup-
posed to be impossible to give them the op-
portunity unless we should proceed continu-
ously. That was the only reason why I should
not at once accede to the request of the Sen-
ator from Missouri if it were presented. But
I trust now that with the understanding be-
forehand that there are other Senators who
desire to speak we shall accommodate the
Senator from Delaware by taking a recess for
an hour, and that opportunity will be given
to other Senators to speak without detaining
us to an unreasonable hour to-night in reach-
ing this vote.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well, let us take a
recess for an hour.
Mr. COLE. I shall have no objection to
that if no business is allowed to intervene.
Mr. EDMUNDS. None can intervene dur-
ing the rece°s. [Laughter.]
Mr. COLE. 1 mean just after the recess.
The VICE PRESIDENT. By unanimous
consent the condition can be coupled with the
motion that the Chair shall entertain no prop-
osition even for unanimous consent, and the
Chair will then decline to receive any such
proposition.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let that be it. The
object is to finish this bill and to do nothing
else until it is finished.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The under-
standing, then, is that, no other business is
to be transacted even by unanimous consent,
and the Chair will not entertain any propo-
sition asking for unanimous consent. The
motion now is that "the Senate take a recess
for one hour, until twenty minutes to six
o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at five o'clock and
forty minutes p. m.
post office appropriation bill.
The VICE PRESIDENT appointed as con-
ferees on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 1070) making
appropriations for the service of the Post
Office Department for the year ending June
30, 1873, Mr. Wisdom, Mr. Cole, and Mr.
Stockton.
bills introduced.
Mr. CONKLING asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1140) authorizing the President of the
United States to nominate Judson S. Post a
paymaster in the United States Army; which
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CARPENTER asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 1141) to declare and enforce the
civil rights of citizens of the United States;
which was read twice by its title, ordered to
lie on the table, and be printed.
message fbom the h0dse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, .by Mr. McPhekson'. its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills:
A bill (S. No. 765) for the relief of the heir3
of the late Captain B. 11. Perkins of the United
States Army; and
A bill (S. No. 1062) to change the name of
the schooner La Pette to La Pe'tite.
extension of ku klux act.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
656) to extend the provisions of the fourth
section of the act approved April 20, 1871.
Mr. BAYARD resumed the "floor and con-
cluded his speech. [It will be published in
the Appendix.]
Mr. MORTON addressed the Senate. [His
speech will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. CLAYTON. Mr. President, it is not
my intention to occupy any considerable time
in a discussion which has already been very
much protracted. I have only risen for the
purpose of correcting a statement made by the
honorable Senator from Missouri [Mr. Blair]
yesterday in relation to the public debt of the
State of Arkansas, a statement honestly made,
I have no doubt, but none the less egregious
on that, account, or. none the less unfair, and
calculated to impair the credit of the State
which I have the honor in part to represent.
If I understood the remarks of that gentleman
correctly, he fixed the debt of the State of
Arkansas at about twenty million dollars, and
fixed the increased debt, since the present
State government went into effect, at about
fifteen million dollars.
Mr. President, when we consider that this
is the result of Democratic figuring, and that,
too, just in advance of an important presi-
dential election, we ought not to be surprised
at the result of that figuring. Indeed, it is
quite as accurate as we might expect; but, in
comparing the figures of the honorable Sen-
ator from Missouri with the authoritative re-
ports of the Governor, of the auditor, and of
the treasurer of the State of Arkansas, I find
that he has made a slight mistake of over
seven million dollars.
Since the remarks of the honorable Sen-
ator yesterday I have taken occasion to exam-
ine carefully the reports of the officers to
whom I have referred ; and I am prepared to
say here to-night upon my reputation as a
Senator that on the 4th day of December,
1871, just before the report of the minority
was prepared and submitted to Congress, the
debt of the State of Arkansas, actual and
contingent, was $11,853,960 54, instead of
$20,000,000. Of this amount, $5,241,265 62
is the actual debt of the State, and is the only
amount for which the people of the State are
taxed to pay the interest, and this amount is
the result of a debt contracted before the war
by the Democratic government of that State,
not contracted for the purpose of building
railroads, not contracted for the purpose of
building levees, but contracted for the purpose
of establishing two worthless banks. Money
raised upon these bonds which were issued to
establish those banks was squandered by the
Democratic politicians of that time in the
purchasing of plantations, negroes, &c.
And although when we established the pres-
ent State government we felt that we ought
not to have been called upon to pay this debt,
yet the fact was not to be disguised that these
bonds, issued over thirty years ago, had gQne
into the hands of innocent purchasers, and we
made up our minds that as the faith and credit
of the State were pledged to pay these bonds,
we would pay them; although we were poor,
we would be honest. The result was that the
old debt of the State, principal and interest,
was funded, and it now amounts to $5,000,000,
