8T06
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
as I before stated. It was fuhded about three
years ago. We have paid the interest semi-
annually promptly .ever since, and that is the
only interest, as I before said, for whigh the
people of Arkansas are taxed one dollar to
Pay- , ...
Of the balance of the $11,000,000, $2,262,-
694 92 was incurred by the issuing of bonds
for the construction of levees and ditches for
the purpose of protecting the overflowed and
swamp lands of the State. These bonds are
amply secured by the overflowed and swamp
lands. They 6rb made receivable for the par-
chase Of those laiids, and they are being rap-
idly absorbfed ih that way. The balance of
the $11,000,000 is $4,352,000, which was in-
curred by the issuance of bonds to aid in the
construction <jf railroads. Thfe bonds thus
issued operate as a first mortgage upon the
railroads ; and the companies receiving them
arte required to pity the principal and interest,
and fot this purpose & tax is semi-annually
levied upon and collected from the railroad
companies by the State of Arkansas. The
people are not taxed one cent upon this ac-
count, and I will here state that the proposi-
tion to lban the faith and credit of the State
for the pdrpose of aiding and building rail-
roads is hot to be charged to the Republican
officials of that State or to the Republican
party alone. It is the act of the people of the
State irrespective of parties.
Utider the provisions of the constitution of
Arkansas the credit of the State cannot be
loaned unless By the consent, of the people
expressed at the ballot-box. The Legislature
of the State of Arkansas in proposing to loan
the faith and credit of the State to railroads,
carefully and guardedly prepared the propo-
sition and submitted it to the people for their
ratification. At the general election of 1868
the whole cfuestioh was canvassed thoroughly
and fully by the people and approved by ari
almost nnariioao(JS vote. There were but five
thousand' votes in the entife State against it.
The electors of both parlies voted for it, and
tire electors Of both parties are to day respons-
ible for it; mid I will say here that while as a
general ihihgl do not believe the policy wise,
it has* resulted, iri my opinion, in increasing
the dumber of miles of railroad in the State
of Arkansas from forty five to about three
hundred.
This proposition, vHlich thus received the
solemn sanctum of the people, limited the
amount, of bonds to be issued to aid in the
construction of railroads to about eleven mil-
lion dollars. Beyond this the aui horities could
never go' itl the issuance of bonds for that pur-
pose, and utider this authority, as I before
Stated to' you, about four millions have been
issued', and nOt one dollar has in any case been
issued u'ntii the companies have t3r,vt graded,
tied, bridged, and mtfde rtady lor the iron rails
the track con espotidinsy to the numbef of
nuh'8 fffr which these bunds were issued.
The fallacy of the Democratic figuring is
this : tlfey hive counted as a part of the State
debt the whole aiftount of bonds which the
p'eople have authorised under certain circurtl-
ttances to be issued, instead! of the amount
actually issued. To exemplify: suppose my
banker should hivei«Hl\ot'iZ('d mv, under cef
tairt ciVeimistarteres, to draw upon him for the
last six months tcf the amount of $3,000, and
suppose from time to time I had drawn to the
amount, of $1,000; Could it be said that he
was entitled to charge me the Whole $3,000
simply because I h<i'd authority to draw that
from him ? No on- will claim' that, he could ;
and yet that proposition tfotiid fee equally as
fair and equally us sensible a's th'<5 statement
of the iro'tiorarble Serta'tor ft'O'iil M'isS'oui'i when
he says that what hi Ms teriA'ed the carpet-
bag State government of Arkansas has stolen
ovei- seven mfilii'o'n dollars of bottds fhat never
have bete issued arnd to-dit^ have no eiistietfee 1
Now, Mr: President/ #hm I have' stated in'
relation to the debt of the State of Arkansas
is true. It cannot be controverted. I will
not believe for one moment that the honorable
Senator from Missouri has khowingly or inten-
tionally misrepresented the State of Arkan-
sas ; but I do believe that he has been imposed
upon and misled by the statements of two irre-
sponsible persons whose names I see attached
to a statement incorporated in the minority
report. I refer to the statement of Dr. Kirk-
wood and Thomas C. Peak. The former of
these gentlemen some time since entered upon
that stage of existence of ^hich Shakspeare
" Sans teeth, sans eyes, sails everything."
No one who knows garrulous old uncle John
Kirkwood, of Little Rock, will hdld him re-
sponsible for any'thing that he majt say or write
upon any political subject. The other gentle-
man is a mere political Dalghetty; who has
been on all sides of every question, a man
without any interest in the State of Arkansas.
A "Virginian by birth, just before the war he
went to Arkansas and became a carpet-bagger
there. When the war commenced of course
he went with the chivalry, but he took good care
to get the safe and #ell-fed pOsitiori of com-
missary under Getiefal Hindtei&ti. When the
war closed he acknowledged that lie had been
overcome by overwhelming force, brit hooted
the idea of having beeiri subjug&ted. He at
once joined 2L class of Southern taen who ac-
cept nothing, Sftd ujiOn that issue becarne &
candidate for the Legislature aiid was very
handsotnely beaten by an old loyal citizen of
tlie State of Arknhsas. When he found that
that would not pay, he suddenly flopped oter
and became a Radical and engaged his ialerlts,
lor pay of course, in writing ttpoii the colurfiri^
of the Little Rock Republican, the organ of
the party in that Slate ; but his pfoclivity to
misrepresent, to use a violent expression, soon
led him to compromise that papef, and the!
proprietor found it neceSSary to dishiiss him.
He then became a Liberal, and todk charge of
the organ, called the Liberal. • This insti-
tution under his management lived a short
time. When it died out, he then went to his'
old loVe and became a Bourbon Democrat, and
was engaged in writing for the Little Rock
Gazette. Since he has made this statement,
to the minority of the committee, he has packed
up what little he had and has gone to the State
oi Georgia, 1 believe. 1 have no grudge
against the citizens of Georgia, but I must say
that I sympathize with them in ihis affliction.
Mr. President, these gentlemen were not
before the committee ; they were not sub-
jected to any cross-examination. If they had
been, their whole Munchausen story Would have
been uddled at, once. But, it was simply an
affidavit. You all know what affidavits are.
I. have affidavits here now in my desk, purport-
ing to come from the same.individuals, setting
forth different, and opposite allegations. Clear-
ly the affidavits ol'these two men arenot worthy
to weigh against the credit of'a sovereign State,
a State which is neighbor of that represented
by the honorable gentleman from Missouri,
who has given credit to the statement.
Now, all I have to say is that if the residue'
of the minority report is no more reliable than
this relating to Arkansas, it would have been
better if ihe expense attending the publication
of that report had never been incurred.
Mr. President, a word in relation to the
charges made by the honorable Senator from
Delaware, [Mr. Bayard,] personal to myself,
111 relation to the is.suance of a ceilificate of
election to John Edwards, a member of Cou-
gieas from the third congressional distiiet of
Arkansas. It is well known that early ih the
session I, from niy seat, asked the Senate to
appoint a committee to inquire into those
charge's. That committee has made a
thoroiigtt and full investigation. Of course I
a,m uWt. n'o# is it proper, for me to
say what has transpired there ; but I regret to
say that the honorable Senator from Delaware,
who may be called upon to adjudicate these
charges, has thus in advance seed proper to
prejudge the case. It seems to me it would
have been in better taste on his part to have
waited a few days until that committee had
made its report, especially in view of the fact
that he will be called upon to adjudicate, as I
before said. But Since he has seen proper to pre-
judge .that case, and to convict me in advance ;
since he has even gone so far a3 to compare
the measure of my guilt, I suppose he will per-
mit me to make a few remarks in my own de-
fense upon that subject.
Mr. BAYARD. I btsk leaVe to say a word.
Mr. QLAYTDN. Certainly.
Mr. BAYARD. I merely heard the Sen-
ator frorii Delaware mentioned, I do not know
iii what "coriueotion, by the Senator from Ark-
ansas. I am aware of no reference to any
acts of his by fee here to-day at any time.
There was a reference made by me to the giv-
ing of a certificate of election to a member of
the other House of Congress, which is part of
the history of the country, the report of the
Committee of Elections of the House; and the
action Of the House. It is a matter now re-
corded ; and in speaking of the fact it was
impossible to substantiate it more briefly and
more accurately than I did. The reference
was made to the case of Boles vs. Edwards,
and the fact stated that the certificate had
been given to Edwards; and that the committee
of the Mirage; of Representatives had unani-
mously stamped it as a fraudj and that the
House of Representatives had unanimously
voted to sustain the committee, a thing un-
precedented in the history of our legislation.
So much I said, no more, ho less, with no
reference otherwise to the Senatof from Ark-
ansas than may possibly be connected with
the history of that fact as stated by me.
Mr. CLAYTON. All I have to say is that
I saw the report of that committee, and it did
not steite that it T^aS a fraud, ft made tid such
alldsioti Miatever. It simply slated that Boles
was entitled to the seat, a thing tfhich is' not
new in ihe history ot' this country. It is a
Strange idea to advance tha't, because a con-
testing member who' may not hold the cer-
tificate of the Governor may be Seated the
Governor is thereby convicted of 4 crime. I
Say that report makes no such stati-ment; and
when the honorable Senator from Delaware
Skw fit to put those Words in that report he
prejudged the case, as I believe. I will read
iiis own language as taken down at the time :
" Or whether, as in Texas or ih .Arkansas, the Gov-
ernor of the State deliberately t'urnishes a detected
candidate With a certificate ot election, violating the
fow and depriving whole classca of ei iz'ens of tho
virtual right of suffrage. When he. who was the Gov-
ernor ot Arkansas, gave to Edwards a eeitiiicate of
election which the House of Representatives have,
by the report of their committee ana by a unan-
imous vote, declared to be a gross frau>l upon the
m.ijority of that congressional district in Aikansas,
he was surely as fit or fitter a subject for legal piuse-
cutipn jiud^ conviction as tlie man who should en-
deavor to dissuade a colored voter from going to the
polls by threatening to cast him out of employment."
He not only corivicts me, but measures the
extent of my guilt. I am very much obliged
to the gentleman that he has malde it no more
severe; he has simply classed me with that
classot men who endeavor to persuade colored
trieri not to go to the jolls by threatening to
throw them out of employment. I only won-
der he' did not measure it with that class of
men who ride through the cou'ntry in the dead
hours of night, ashamed to let even their faces
b'e discovered by the pale moon, for the pur-
pose of Assassination and mijrder .and out-
rage. 1 only wonder that he did not compaie*
me fo that class of Ku Klux cut-th!roats, whom,
I was about to say, tne gentleman has expended
thrfee Or four hours this aftem'o6fl ill attempt-
ing to defend and palliate.
f detiy every proposition, evefy insirtuatioA'
con'tained in the 1 art git age o'f the lionorable
S&ria'td'r, and I think fi& will litfe to see the day
