1018
mt-oommmimAL globe.
February 14,
ceeding has been in strict accordance with the
law by which the sales were authorized, and
with the custom of the E>epartment in all sim-
ilar oases.
The War Department sold ordnance and
ordnance stores from the 1st Say of July,
1870, to the 30th of June, 1871, a period during
which occurred the Franco-Prussian, war, to
.he amount of nearly ten million dollars. I
am assured by General Belknap, the Secretary
of War, and by the chief of ordnance, Gen-
eral Dyer, that no arms or munitions of war
were sold either to the agents of the Prussian
or French Governments, or to persons known
to be in their employ. These arms and muni-
tions of war were sold to American citizens.
The Government had a lawful right to sell, and
these persons had a lawful right to buy. If
these citizens sold arms bought of the United
States, or arms bought of private parties, to
the French Government for millions more than
they paid for them, the War Department is
not to be held responsible for their transac-
tions. The Prussian minister notified his own
Government that it could purchase of the per-
sons who had bought arms of this Government
for fifteen per cent, advance. But Bismarck,
who held that the transaction would be neither
a violation of the laws of nations nor of treaty
stipulations, refused to bny, for the reason, as
he said, that he could get them cheaper from
the French army. Gambetta's Government,
however, which the Government of Thiers now
seeks to disgrace, purchased arms and muni-
tions of war of American citizens, and doubt-
less paid for them at much higher rates. I see
nothing in that transaction that concerns the
integrity or honor of the officials of the United
States.
I take my full share of responsibility for
the party now in power. I labored twenty
years with zeal and fidelity to bring into power
a great political organization to overthrow
slavery, and to make the Govern ment a Repub-
lic in reality as well as in name. I have done
what I could to sustain those in power, and I
propose to Btand by them to the end, for I
believe in the principles of the Republican
party, and I am proud of its great history. It
is a political organization that is tested by
higher and more exacting tests than any polit-
ical party that ever governed the country. We
are not judged as other parties have been
judged. We have made high pretensions to
be guided by lofty purposes, and men are held
to th eir professions, and so are political parties.
Bot if there is a class of men on the face of
the earth that ought to be hunted down and
driven out of the councils of the nation it is
the men who will join tho Republican party,
and will steal themselves, or countenance
stealing in others.
Sir, I vote for this investigation. Let the j
truth come out, hit whom it may. But, what-
ever may be our political associations, and j
whatever may be our desires relating to can- i
didates for the Presidency, let us remember j
the responsibilities of our position in this ;
Chamber. It is an easy thing to excite ens- i
picions, cast imputations, and make accusa- '
tions, but if these suspicions, imputations, and j
accusations are hurled at random against the '
ionoeent, the sense of justice and the love of I
fair play will not fail to condemn the wrong- !
doers. I
Mr. HARLAN proceeded to address the j
Senate. His remarks.will be published in the
Appendix when his speech shall have been
concluded. He gave way to
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. If it is agree-
able to the Senator from Iowa, I will move
that tha Senate do now adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ax-
thohy in the chair.) Does the Senator give
way to that motion ?
Mr. HARLAN. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to; and (at four
o'clock p.m.) the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, February 14, 1872.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the. Chaplain, Rev. J. g. Bctler, d. d.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
HON. ALVAH CROCKER.
Mr. DAWES. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I present the credentials of Hon. Alvah
Crocker, member-elect from the ninth con-
gressional district of Massachusetts, and move
he be now sworn in.
Mr. Crocker presented himself, and was
duly qualified by taking the oath of July 2,1862.
PROMOTION IN THE NAVY.
Mr. HAYS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Naval Affairs, reported
back a bill (H. R. No. 518) in relation to
promotion in the Navy in the grades of com-
modore and rear admiral and pay of retired
officers ; which was ordered to be printed, and
recommitted.
MIAMI INDIANS.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Indian Affairs, reported a
bill (H. R. No. 1535) to abolish the tribal
relations of the Miami Indians, and for other
purposes ; which was read a first and second
time, ordered to be printed, and recommitted.
Mr. SHANKS, by unanimous consent, from
the same committee, also reported a bill (H.
R. No. 1536) for the relief of Miami Indians,
and for other purposes; which was read a first
and second time, ordered to be printed, and
recommitted.
KANSAS PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. WELLS. I ask unanimous consent to
present the memorial of the Kansas Pacific
Railroad Company, asking such legislation by
Congress as will prevent tho present action
of the Union Pacific Railroad "Company in
discrimination against the interests of said
Kansas Pacific company in transportation of
freight and passengers whereby the Govern-
ment atid general public are greatly damaged.
I ask that it be ordered to be printed in the
Globe.
Mr. HOLMAN. That seems to be a volum-
inous document,
Mr. WELLS. No; it is short.
Mr. HOLMAN. I suggest it be printed as
a document.
Mr. WELLS. I have no objection to that;
but should it' also be printed in the Globe?
Mr. MAYNARD. As a matter of economy
I object to its being printed in the Globe, and
will object to Its' being received uuless it is
printed as miscellaneous documents.
Mr. WELLS. I will withdraw it if it can-
not be printed in the Globe.
sams of navy pkopekty.
Mr. BECK. I ask unanimous consent to
Offer the following resolution.
The Clerk read as follows :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy be
directed to inform this House as soon as practicable
what property belonging to the United States has
been solu by any officer or agent of the Navy De-
partment or any bureau thereof, or of any of tho
navy-yards of the United States since the 30th day
of June, 186a, giving the name of the officer making
the sale, the character of property sold, the time,
place, and manner of making the sales, and the
amount realized from said sales, and tho disposition
made of the proceeds, if paid over to the Treasurer
or into the Treasury; when and by whom it was
drawn oat, when it has-been so drawn, and what
was done with the.proceeds; He ie directed to atato
j much-money-has been spent by his Department
ana the officers and bureaus thereof since the 30th
day of June. 1865, in addition to amounts appro-
priated by Congress for the service of the several
nscal years commencing July 1,1865.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object
until tha chairman of the Committee on NaVal
Affairs comes in.
Mr. BECK. The acting chairman of the
committee [Mr. Hale] announced yesterday
evening, as I understood, that the committee
desired this information.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I object.
Mr. BECK, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and adopted:
Revolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be
directed to inform the House what amount of money
has been paid into the Treasury or to the Treasurer
of the United States from the sales of property by
the officers of the Navy Department since the 30th
day of June, 1865. He will inform the House how
much of the money so paid into the Treasury, or to
the Treasurer, has been withdrawn, stating when
and by whom, and in what amounts, such portions
as have been withdrawn were paid on tho draft or
order of any officer of the Navy Department.
Mr. BECK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REPOKT OP COLONEL CUTIS.
Mr. BANKS. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State is hereby
requested, if not inconsistent with public interests,
to transmit a copy of the report of Colonel Cutts,
made February, 1870, for the nse' of the House of
Representatives.
Mr. COX. I object, until I know what the
report is about.
The SPEAKER. The resolution will be
again read.
Mr. COX. I heard the resolution read, but
I do not understand what the report refers to.
I should like the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Banks] to give an explanation.
Mr. BANKS. A report was made to the
Secretary of State a year or two ago on the
fisheries, in which the United States were
interested. It is a general report upon the
subject of the fisheries.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. It is
Colonel Cutts's report, and is a very able one.
Mr. BANKS. It is one of the ablest papers
ever prepared on the subject.
The resolution was adopted.
LAKE MICHIGAN SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. SAWYER. I ask unanimous consent
to take from the Speaker's table the bill (S.
No. 384) extending the time for the comple-
tion of the Green Bay, Sturgeon Bay, and
Lake Michigan ship-canal, in the State of
Wisconsin.
Mr. HOLMAN. I call for the regular
order.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The regular order is
called for, which is the calling of committees
for reports.
Mr. HOLMAN. If I can, I withdraw the
call for a moment, to allow the gentleman
from Arizona [Mr. McCormick] to introduce
a resolution for reference.
territorial business.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Arizona, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was read, and referred to the
Committee on the Rules:
Resolved, That the following bo added to the rules
of the House:
The fourth Thursday of each month, from the hour
of two o clock p. m. until the adjournment of that
day,. shall, when clairaed by the committees having
territorial business, be devoted exclusively to the
consideration of said business, other than that
relating to the District of Columbia,
KOO AND ST0BM SIGNALS.
Mr. PECK, by unanimous consent, offered
the following preamble and resolution ; which
were read, considered, and agreed to :
Whereas the steam fog and stnrrn signals that are
now chiefly used by the Light-House Board at the
light-house stations nrevery expensive and troublo-
some, requiring between five and ten thousand dol-
    e construction of each signal; and whereas
iF' 18 rePresented to have invented a means
■whereby he can produce and transmit pound in
