TO
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 20,
Senate.
Sale of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Schurz.
4 2d Cong 2d Sess.
that to the mind of the Senator from Indiana?
Listen again:
" If Mr. Remineton had never been known to this
Government except as purchasing arms for France,
it might have led to the suspicion that Mr. Reming-
ton was acting nevertheless for the French Govern-
ment; but when you take into consideration that
he is an arms merchant, the most extensive perhaps
in the world, and has been for fifteen years, and that
he has been buying arms of this Government a great
while, and that his character as an arms merchant
is known, and that he sometimes sells arms to one
Government and sometimes sells to another, and
that he is selling all the time to different Govern-
ments, it would not necessarily lead to the suspi-
cion that he went there as the agent of France."
Now, sir, before heaven and earth I invoke
the common sense of the country ; when a
man like Mr. Remington, who had just been
disclosed to this Government as the great
arms-buying agent of the French Govern-
ment, and whose bids had on that account
just been thrown out by the War Department,
appears as an intermediary for some other per-
son, and that person is merely a lawyer, and
not an arms merchant, to make a great pur-
chase, will not every sane man at once jump at
the conclusion that he can be there for no
other purpose but to fill his own pockets ?
The Senator speaks of taking "surrounding
circumstances" into consideration. Why, sir,
•was there not one surrounding circumstance
overshadowing all others, namely, that Mr.
Remington was the declared agent of France;
that he could not buy in his own name, and
was therefore necessarily driven to seek a
third party under whose name he might buy?
And when he now appears under the name of
a little lawyer—let me use that expression
once more—who had never been in the arms
business before, had never been known to the
trade, is it not most incredible that then our
authorities should not even have found a ground
for suspicion that he was buying in another s
name to fill his own contracts? Why, sir, let
the question be submitted to the plainest or to
the wisest man in this country, must not their
judgment be the same ?
" Reasonable diligence!" What does the
Senator mean by "reasonable diligence?"
The reasonable diligence that was in this case
used by the ordnance department consisted
certainly in nothing but in most diligently,
most frantically, nay, most fanatically closing
its eyes against the most convincing circum-
stances. " Reasonable diligence," according
to him, would have required nothing, but when
a man came to the department saying, "lam
the agent of one of the belligerent Powers,"
then to say "You cannot buy after such a con-
fession." What a mockery ! In my youthful
days, when I was in the insurrectionary army
of southern Germany, some twenty-odd years
ago, I remember one day a very stupid-looking
person was hailed by one of our sentinels,
"Who goes there?" "Ah," said he, "by
your leave I am a secret spy ;" and so he was
taken prisoner, and upon my soul he was not
shot because the fellow was looking too in-
fernally stupid. [Laughter.] But still more
stupid would be that agent of a belligerent
Power who, having been refused once, would
go to the department and say, " Here is Mr.
Richardson, and I am his sub-agent; lie
merely acts for me, and I buy arms m bis
name." " Reasonablediligence!" Why, sir,
such reasonable diligence would have been the
most transparent farce every played in con-
nection with the transactions of a great Govern-
ment.
But, sir, the Senator from New York has
still another standard of "reasonable dili-
gpnee" in maintaining our neutral duties.
He said yesterday—and I was sorry not to
find his speech in the Globe to-day, so as to
verify my recollection—that if a person merely
sends in his bid and his check for twenty per
cent, of the price of the arms, that is enough
for the War Department, and the War Depart-
ment is not obliged to look beyond it. Am I
stating the Senator from New York correctly?
Mr. CONKLING. Perhaps correctly enough
for the purpose of the Senator ; not correctly,
however.
Mr. SCHURZ. I shall be obliged to the
Senator if he will restate his own position.
Mr. CONKLING. I never suggested that
any biddertnight send his check; but on the
contrary I was so particular as to state that he
had better send legal-tender notes; and I said
that as there was no color in money, if he
sent the money, the name of the buyer was
cash, in the language of business.
Mr. SCHURZ. That is it exactly.
Mr. CONKLING. And therefore it was not
important to know who he was.
Mr. SCHURZ. Then let me state the prop-
osition of the Senator from New York once
more. If a person sends in his bid and with
that bid money amounting to twenty per cent,
of the price of the arms ho wants to buy, then
the War Department is under no obligation to
look beyond.
Mr. CONKLING. Provided it occurs, in
the language of Vattel,in the customary trade
of the country, and there be no suspicious cir-
cumstances demanding investigation.
Mr. SCHURZ. Ah, sir! I think the Sen-
ator from New York is qualifying his position
a little more than he did yesterday, for if I
understood him yesterday he said "cash is
the man who buys."
Mr. CONKLING. So he says to-day.
Mr. SCHURZ. Very well, sir. Now, in
times of war abroad when the head of the
State has issued a solemn proclamation of
neutrality, when care is to be taken that our
neutral duties be observed and the good faith
of the country is at stake, what then? No
matter, "cash" is the man who buys, pro-
vided the name of that cash is not exactly
wrapped up in the name of a man known to be
the agent of one of the belligerent parties.
But here comes a man who may be manifestly
a mere blind for such an agent, as Richardson
was for Remington—no matter "cash" is the
man that buys, and we have to look at nothing
but "cash." But, sir, taking the surrounding
circumstances into consideration, where is our
good faith, where are our neutral duties, where
is that reasonable diligence which is to be exer-
cised that no arms go from the Government
directly into the hands of an agent of one of
the belligerent Powers ? No matter, this great
American Republic of ours understands and
interprets her good faith and her neutral duties
only upon a strictly cash principle! Oh, how
proudly the staudard of our national morality
and honor was borne aloft by the Senator from
New York yesterday, with a dollar in cash as
the coat of arms of this great Republic!
How grand and proud !
Seriously speaking, are we sensible, are we
honest men? Is this a Government having a
character for good faith and honor to maintain ?
Is this rule of neutral duty as interpreted by
the Senator from Indiana and the Senator from
New York—is that the rule of neutral duties
they want to be established, not only to be
observed by us, but also toward us?
Let me warn the Senate to pause well before
committing itself and this Government to a
position so absurd, so mean, so utterly dishon-
orable. Let me tell them that it is never safe
for a great nation to play little tricky games
and to coyer them up with little quibbling
technicalities. Sir, placed as we are, let us
be careful what we do, for we might have to
pay dearly for it.
Sir, we have been accused of making a case
here for the German Government. Very far
from me any such intention ; nor do I think
that which we advise will have any such effect.
No, if there is a case, it was made up be-
fore a word was spoken on this subject in
the Senate. Before all Europe stands at this
moment printed in large characters the letter
of the chief of ordnance, officially indorsed
and sanctioned with the seal of the War De-
partment by the Secretary of War, helping
Remington in his settlements, after Reming-
ton had been thrown out of the War Depart-
ment, ostensibly at least, as an agent of one
of the belligerent Powers.
More than that; Remington himself under
oath indicates that while having one contract
with the French Government he bad another
contract with the American Government, as I
have just shown. But still more than that, and
now I want the Senate to hear and consider
what I have to say ; you have heard the name
of Mr. Jules Le Cesne mentioned here as the
president of the commission of armament in
France who directed these purchases of arms;
Mr. Jules Le Cesne, too, was under oath, and
he gave under oath his testimony in the Place
trial. There Mr. Jules Le Cesne, the same
man with whom Remington corresponded,
made the following declaration; the question
was upon a certain overcharge of twenty-five
cents upon a lot of rifles :
"M. Le Cesne. There was no expense beyond the
five percentage allowed to Mr. Remington, since we
had treated directly with the Federal Government
of the United States, which delivered these arms,
without charge, on board the vessels."
Now, sir, I hope, I trust, nay I might say I
know that no diplomatic understanding was
meant here, and that it merely referred to an
understanding which existed through Rem-
ington between the armament commission in
France and the ordnance department at Wash-
ington. But, sir, do you still talk of our mak-
ing up a case for a foreign Government here ?
Can you still indulge in the delusion that the
German Government are not as well aware of
the details of this case as you are, and perhaps
even better? When such a declaration under
oath stands before the public, what must be
the impression that the world abroad receives?
If there is any claim that can spring out of a
transaction like this, is not anything that has
been said here far less calculated to strengthen
it than these simple words spoken by the
president of the commission of armament of
France? What then can we do under the cir-
cumstances? What is it our duty to do? What
he said there is either true or it is not. In
either case we have to investigate it, and to
probe the matter to the bottom in order either
to show that there is no foundation for this
assertion, or if there is a wrong discovered by
searching and conscientious inquiry, then to
bring the guilty parties to prompt and condign
punishment. There is no other course left to
us if we want to maintain the good name and
the best interests of this country.
Now, sir, I approach the second question
which I desire to discuss. It is this : were, in
these proceedings, the laws of our own country
observed or violated? Let us inquire. Iam
very far from desiring to occupy myself with
trifles such as the thirty days' notice which
ought, perhaps, to have been given to all will-
ing or able to buy before the arms were sold.
There maybe some ground upon which the
omission can be justified. No, sir; I would
even go so far as not to say much more about
the matter of the cartridges. I am willing to
let the manufacture of these cartridges stand
just as it now appears in this debate, and if
Senators think they can by any quibbling in-
terpretation of a law make the people of the
United States believe that a power to sell use-
less ordnance stores means also a power to
manufacture cartridges for sale, I wish them
joy. Sir, has it never occurred to this body
that it was of very doubtful legality to sell
these breech-loading i ifles at all? Let us look
at this interesting statute once more:
" That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized and directed to cause to be sold, after
