1872
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1915
It is understood that after making due pro-
vision for all the requirements of the Govern-
ment there can be a reduction of the revenue.
It is evident that to the extent this is done by
repealing the duties on tea and coffee, to that
extent we are deprived of the opportunity of
reducing other duties which are believed to be
much more grievous. When we abolish the
duties on tea and coffee we relieve the people
from paying $19,000,000 to the Government;
but when we reduce the duties to that amount
on some other articles, we not only save
to them the $19,000,000 which the Govern-
ment would receive, but also several times
$19,000,000 that the Government would not
receive.
salt.
To illustrate, take the duty on salt, which
for the last fiscalyear was $1,170,837 81 on an
importation of 9,977,220 bushels. The salt-
makers state their annual production at twenty
million bushels. They sell their salt lor as
much as the foreign of like quality is sold,
and, as they recede from foreign competition,
for more. The Onondaga company state their
prices at New York to be $1 70 to $1 85 per
barrel, but at Albany they charge $1 95 to
$2 15, although nearer their own works, and
transportation less. So while the Government
has received the amount of duty above stated,
the salt manufacturers have received what is
equivalent to twice that amount in gold.
what interest.
The New York Tribune, of February 20,
has an article which indicates in what interest
the movement is made to remove the duties
from tea and coffee, After mentioning the
Ways and Means Committee of this House,
the article proceeds as follows :
" That committee foithwith addressed itself to the
task of revising and recasting our entire revenue
system, with primary intent to reduce taxation and
diminish the revenue, but it was understood that
protection must suffer by the process. Coal, salt,
and several other protected industries were bound
to suffer anyhow, while woolens, cottons, and
metals were in imminent danger. But, while tbe
committee is deliberating and revising, the House
takes the bit between its teeth, and, on motion of
Mr. Mekcur, a Pennsylvania protectionist, passes
by three or four to one, a bill repealing all duties on
tea andeoffee, adding these important articles to the
free list, and reducing the revenue by some $20,01)0
00(J per annum. This is our first installment of the
much vaunted ' revenue reform.'"
It is well understood that a number who
voted to make tea and coffee free will vote
for a reduction of other duties, but there can
be no question that the proposition was
brought forward by those who are especially
desirous of maintaining, to the fullest extent,
the duties on coal, salt, cottons, woolens, and
metals; and they understand very well that
striking $19,000,000 from the revenue in this
manner, to that extent blocks the way to a
reduction of the duties on those articles.
atjtj for the laborer.
The strangest profession is th^t this propo-
sition is in the interest of the laborer that
he may have these, said to be, essential neces-
saries free of duty; while at the same time it
is apparent that this movement has been hast-
ened to anticipate, and, if possible, to prevent
the reduction of duties on the laboring man's
clothing, boots and shoes, blankets, and even
on his salt—articles which are so essential that
in comparison with them tea and coffee be-
come luxuries. The additional price that is
added to one pair of blankets under the pres-
ent high duty nearly equals the duty lor a
year on tbe tea and coffee for a family.
To show how much reality there is in the
claim that taking the duty from tea and cof-
fee, while retaining it at its present rate on
woolens and other goods, is in the interest of
the laborer, it may be stated that according
to the tables furnished by the chief of the
Bureau of Statistics in Lis report on com-
merce and navigation for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1871, and in that part of the
report numbered seventeen, the average du-^
ties for that year on the four classes of blankets
mentioned in the tariff act are 87f, 88£, 100J-,
and 109$ per cent., and on flannels 65f, 85,
1001, and 113J per cent. The entire import-
ation of blankets during that year amounted
to only $19,354 95, the duty on which was
$17,316 13, and of flannels the importation was
$7,122 49, on which the duty was $5,074 65.
The Government has received these trifling
amounts of revenue, the high duties prevent-
ing importation and the manufacturers have
exacted from the people very many times those
sums, not sparing the poor or the laborer.
Tea and coffee are by no means as essential
as clothing. The younger members of the
family seldom use tea or coffee, and some adults
do not; but all must be clad. Yet when have
we heard those who favor maintaining high
ratesoncoal, salt, woolens, cottons, and metals,
express any sympathy with the poor man's
family because the cost of these articles pre-
vents their being warmed, fed, clothed, or
lioused? Sympathy seems to be exhausted in
giving them free tea and free coffee, the tariff
on which yields no increased profit to any
manufacturer.
BATES Of DUTY.
I will call the attention of the House to some
of the duties, to maintain which it is desired
to remove the duty from tea and coffee, and
the income tax. I give the average duties in
gold as contained in the table I have men-
tioned: common window-glass, 49J, 52, 57,
and 63 J per cent., depending on the sizes of
the glass. The principal classes of cotton
clotlis range from 35 to 63 per cent.; cotton
thread, not on spools, 40 to 60 per cent., and
on spools 71J and 76; alpaca dress-goods
for women and children, 65 to 84; gunny-
cloth and gunny-bags 38 to 68 per cent.
Pig iron, 40J per cent.; bar iron, 50 and 64;
railroad iron, 43; wire, 47 and 66; common
sheet iron, 56 to 60; band, hoop, and scroll
iron, 59 to 69; locomotive tire, 116; mill-irons
and wrought iron for ships and engines, 104;
anchors, 57; anvils,44; cabl,esandcable-chains,
72; halter, trace and fencechains. 60; wrougbt-
iron railroad chairs and nuts and washers,
92; wrought hinges, bed-screws, board nails,
spikes and rivets, 62 ; screws for wood, 39 and
07; cast iron pipe, vessels, stoves and stove-
plates, 67; liollow-ware glazed or tinned, 46 ;
galvanized iron, 46; steel, 31 to 48; steel railway
bars, 53; in part of steel, 42; and needles for
sewing-machines, 46 per cent. Lead in sheets,
pipes and shot, 56 per cent. Boots and shoes,
under title "manufactures of leather," 35;
gloves of skin and leather, 50; oil cloths, 35
and 45 per cont. Salt in bulk 139, in sack
85 per cent. The duty on salt is 18 cents on
the 100 pounds in bulk, and 24 cents in sack.
Manufactures of tin 35 per cent.
When we reach the list of woolen manufac-
tures, we find an average rate of duties which
cannot be very encouraging to the laborer,
whom those who ask for a continuation of
these duties claim to have in their especial
keeping. Cloths, 68 ; shawls, 53 ; flannels, 65
to 113; blankets, 87 to 109; hats, 61 to 101;
hosiery, 57 to 96 ; shirts, drawers, and other
knit goods, 56 to 88; balmorals, 72 to 99;
yarns, 81 to 94; worsteds, 79 to 95; women's
and children's dress-goods, wholly or in part
worsted, 65 to 69; ready-made clothing and
wearing apparel of every description, wholly
or in part wool and worsted, 53; webbings,
beltings, bindings, braids, and buttons, 94;
bunting, 117; and carpets, 50 to 72 per cent.
For a time it was asked that these extraor-
diuary rates should be endured upon the
ground that the Government had need of the
revenue. It canno be claimed that this
necessity now exists. These duties were ad-
vanced at different times to enable the manu-
facturers to obtain higher prices for their
goods, to compensate them for direct taxes
which have since been removed. At the time
these duties were being thus increased they J
were regarded as so excessive that it was
deemed expedient to assure the people that
they were to be but temporary, and accord-
ingly one of the laws which increased the
duties, the act of July 14, 1862, is entitled
"An act increasing temporarily the duties on
imports, and for other purposes." But to-
day these duties are generally higher than
they were under that act, and now it is pro-
posed to make them permanent. The hon-
orable gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Killinger,] in a recent speech in this House,
alluded to certain memorialists who are asking
this, and of whom he said:
"The memorialists state they are, for the most
part, iron-workers, which designation includes me-
chanics, skilled laborers, and others engaged in the
manufacture of iron, iron machinery, and the vari-
ous branches of industry of which that metal forms
a component part. They respectfully remonstrate
against any change in the existing revenue Jaws
which shall reduce or abolish the duties upon such
articles as are successfully produced in this country."
monopoly.
It is not only requested of Congress, but
claimed as of right, that there should be legis-
lation to create monopoly. There has been
addressed to Congress a communication, en-
titled "Memorial of the American Industrial
League," signed by a president, a secretary,and
a treasurer, also by twenty other officers, part
of whom are styled executive committee and
part vice president and representative council,
and in this memorial we find the following:
"The people who own the country are rightfully
entitled to perform the mechanical and other work
required to supply the national demand for labor,
and, as American citizens, we claim the exclusive
right to the homo markets of the country. W"e ask,
therefore, at the hauds of our representatives such
legislation with reference to the tariff as will secure
to us, as far as possible, the complete monopoly of
the labor of the country."
When we take this in connection with the
combinations which exist among manufac-
turers, it will be seen in what position they
seek to place the people of this country.
In the Industrial Bulletin of July, 1871, is a
report of a meeting of the leading American
bar-iron manufacturers, held at the Astor
House, New York, June 1, 1871, from which
report the following is taken :
" An address was adopted and signed by forty-
seven of tbe proprietors ot the principal rolling-mills,
setting forth that the objects of their meeting had
been to convene the bar-iron manufacturers in order
to become personally acquainted with each other;
to consult about the depressed and unprofitable statu
of their business and the causes thereof; to harmon-
ize seemingly conflicting interests, by removing all
cause for Jocal jealousies and misunderstandings;
to adopt, if thought desirable, the decimal system
per pound in selling iron ; to prevent, if practicable,
the occasional flooding of oursea-board markets with
western bars, thereby deranging prices withoutany
adva.ntage to the producer; to examine Jind remedy
irregularities in therevenueservice, by which Amer-
ican manufacturers are deprived ot benefit from
several sizes of iron usually imported and supposed
to be protected by the tariff; to establish, after de-
liberate consideration of all the points involved, a
uniform scale of prices (to be added to the local mil t
price for bars) for all extra sizes of iron made, and
for cutting: bars to specified lengths—both of which
have heretofore differed widely at various localities,
and in many instances were below the actual cost
of manufacture; to organize an association of the
Atlantic States bar-iron mills for mutual advice and
protection; and finally to adopt such measures as
would increase and perpetuate the prosperity of tho
bar-mills of the entire country."
The Industrial Bulletin of February, 1872,
contains the proceedings of the National As-
sociation of Bar-Iron Manufacturers, assem-
bled at the Continental Hotel, Philadelphia,
in January last, and in these proceedings it is
said of the report of the secretary:
" It indicated that the association has made very
rapid and gratifying advancement since its organ-
ization. Applications have been received for mem-
bership from all the States in which iron is manu-
factured. with a fair prospect of speedily including
every mill in the United States."
First, we have the claim that the domestic
manufacturers have tho exclusive right to the
home market, and that Congress shall legislate
to secure to them this monopoly; second, a
combination proposed of all the milis in this
United States engaged,in the same branch of
