1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GrL&BE.
vm
radii of twenty-five miles at one tenth of the ex-
penses attending the production of sound by steam :
Therefore, , „ ,
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be
requested to inquire into the comparative value and
oapacity of the said invention, and determine the
expediency of purchasing the right to make and use
the same by the Government in the interests of com-
merce and agriculture.
Mr. PECK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the preamble and resolution were
adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DUTIES ON TEA AND COFFEE.
Mr. FINKELNBURG, from the Committee
of Ways and Means, reported a bill (H, ft..
No. 1537) to repeal existing duties on tea and
coffee: which was read a first and second time.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I desire to say that
I report this bill under instructions from the
Committee on Ways and Means, in obedience
to the order of the House. I desire to say
further, in explanation of the situation of this
bill, that a majority of the committee are
opposed to it.
Mr. HOLMAN. I rise to a point of order.
I desire to know whether this bill can be con-
sidered in the House.
The SPEAKER. The bill cannot be con-
sidered in the House. The gentleman is making
the statement by general consent.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I desire to say that
a majority of the committee are adverse to the
passage of this bill, and that I am myself one
of that majority.
Mr. MERCUR. Is this in order?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has already
stated that the gentleman from Missouri is
speaking by unanimous consent. Does the
gentleman object?
Mr. WOOD. I hope the gentleman from
Missouri will be allowed to proceed.
Mr. MERCUR. J do not object.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. The House having
instructed the committee to report such a bill,
we make the report without any recommenda-
tion from the committee, and desire to have
it referred to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union, so that the mem-
bers of the committee who are opposed to the
bill may have an opportunity to give their
reasons for their opposition hereafter.
The bill was referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and
ordered to be printed.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. PLATT. I demand the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER. Theregular order of busi-
ness being demanded, the morning hour com-
mences, at twelve o'cloek and twenty-three
minutes, and reports are in order from the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
STATUE OP GENERAL SCOTT. •
On motion of Mr. HALSEY, the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds was dis-
charged from the further consideration of a
letter from the Secretary of War in regard to
an appropriation for a pedestal for the statue
of General Scott; and the same was referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
PUBLIC BUILDING AT INDIANAPOLIS.
Mr. TYNER, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 1538) for the con-
struction of an addition to the United States
court-house and post office' building in Indian-
apolis, Indiana, and for the purchase of addi-
tional grounds adjoining the site of said build-
ing; which was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to cause to be ereeted an
addition to the building now owned by the
United Stales in the city of Indianapolis, Indi-
ana, to correspond in design to said building,
suitable for the accommodation of the United
States post office, local land office, internal
revenue, and pension office, at a cost not to
exceed $100,000, said addition to be erected
upon ground now owned by the United States.
The second section authorizes and directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to negotiate for the
purchase of a lot or part of lot tying east of
and adjoining the grounds upon which the
United States court-house and post office
building has been erected, at a cost to be
agreed upon by the owner or owners of said
lot or part of lot, and the judges of the circuit
and district courts of the United States, the
district attorney of the United States for
Indiana, and the postmaster of Indianapolis,
Indiana, subject to the approval of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury. It is provided, how-
ever, that no money hereafter appropriated
for the purpose shall be used or expended in
the purchase of said lot or part of lot until
a valid title shall be vested in the United
States, and the State of Indiana shall cede
jurisdiction over the same, and shall relin-
quish the right to tax the United States for
the property erected thereon.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TYNER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be- laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC BUILDING AT HARTFORD, CONNECTICUT.
Mr. PLATT, from the same committee, re-
ported a bill (H. R. No. 1539) to provide for
a building for the use of the post office, custom-
house, pension office, and United States dis-
trict and circuit courts and internal revenue
offices at Hartford, Connecticut; which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury be authorized to
cause to be constructed a suitable building,
fire-proof, at Hartford, Connecticut, for the
accommodation of the custom-house, post
office, pension office, Uniteid States district
and circuit courts, and internal revenue office,
at a cost not to exceed $300,000, said build-
ing to be constructed under the direction of
the Secretary of the Treasury, who shall cause
proper plans and estimates to be made so that
no expenditure shall be made for the comple-
tion of the said building beyond the sum of
$300,000. It is also provided that no money
shall be used or expended for the purpose
mentioned in the bill until a valid title for the
land for the site of such building, which, it is
understood, the city of Hartford proposes to
donate for this purpose, shall be vested in the
United States, nor until the State of Connec-
ticut shall cede its jurisdiction over the same,
and also duly release and relinquish to the
United States the right to tax the said Bite or
the property of the United States that may be
thereon during the time that the United States
may be or remain the owners thereof.
Mr. HOLMAN. I did not understand dis-
tinctly, from the reading of this bill, whether
it makes an appropriation at this time or not.
Mr. PLATT. It does not.
Mr. HOLMAN. Is the erection df this
building recommended by the Secretary of
the Treasury ?
Mr. PLATT. It has been recommended
by the Secretary of the Treasury for three
years in succession, and stands at the head of
the list as one of the most important public
buildings now needed.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is otic of the four
buildings recommended to this Congress by
the Secretary of the Treasury?
Mr. PLATT. It is.
-Mr. HOLMAN. Indianapolis -was one of
the places where the Secretary of the Treasury
has recommended the erection of public build-
ings; this is another. What are the other
places?
Mr. PLATT. Cincinnati and St. Louis.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. PLATT moved to reconsider th'G vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC BUILDING AT CINCINNATI, OHIO.
Mr. TYNER, from the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, reported a bill (H. R.
No. 1540) to authorize the purchase of a site
for apublic building at Cincinnati,Ohio; which
was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to purchase a central and
suitable site in the city of Cincinnati, Ohio,
for the erection of a building for the accom-
modation of the United States courts, custom-
house, United States depository, post office,
internal revenue, and pension offices, at a cost
not exceeding $300,000; provided that no
money which may hereafter be appropriated
for this purpose shall be used or expended in
the purchase of said site until a valid title
thereto shall tie vested in the United States,
and until the State of Ohio shall cede its juris-
diction over the same, and shall duly release
and relinquish to the United States the right
to tax or in any way assess said site or the prop-
erty of the United States that may be thereon
during the time that the United States shall be
or remain the owner thereof.
Mr. HOLMAN. This is one of the build-
ings recommended by the Secretary of the
Treasury?
Mr. TYNER. It is. The following is the
language of the Secretary of the Treasury:
" The ppints at which the erection or repair of
public buildings is most needed are Hartford,
Indianapolis, Cincinnati, and St. Louis."
This bill proposes simply the purchase .of a
site with the view, after that site shall have
been purchased, to make sale of United States
property already there, which it is supposed
will bring about two hundred thousand dollars
in the market..
. Mr. HOLMAN. It seems to me that where
the Secretary of the Treasury has specially
recommended these public works, he being
the officer of the Government responsible for
that character of appropriations, his recom-
mendation should be well received by the
House. Otherwise, it seems to me that these
appropriations should be well considered be-
fore we agree to them.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. TYNER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
" PUBLIC BUILDING AT QUINCT, ILLINOIS.
Mr. PARWELL, from the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 1543) for the erection of a public
building in Qaincy, Illinois : which was read
a first and second time.
The question was upon, ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs- the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to cause to be erected in
the city of Qaincy, in the State of Illinois, a
building suitable for the accommodation of the
Government offices in. that city, including the
post office and custom-house, said building to
cost when completed not exceeding $150,000;
provided that a' suitable site for the erection
of said building l>e donated by the authorities
of said city in d" central and convenient loca-
tion, tod that no appropriation made under
