1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
123
ject; bat whet ever tlioy can do it in confi-
dence, it will be found to be utterly destructive
of this idea that men can perform as much
labor or that they will do it in eight hours as
in ten.
Mr. President, I have discussed this subject
heretofore at length fully, and do net propose
to do it again. My impression was, alter that
discussion, that even my friend fiora Massachu-
setts would have voted with me fur the repeal
of that hastily-considered law. I think that a
very large majority of the Senate at that time,
were in favor of its repeal. It ha,? worked
nothing but mischief, and I toll the Senator
from Massachusetts that if he can get that law
incorporated in his State it will be the knell
of millions of industiial interests in his State,
and cause an immense emigration therefrom
to other States. A State that shall adopt that
law cannot compete with other States where
men work more. No nation can so compete.
It is not for the interest of the laboringman
that this should be adopted, for more than
eighty-seven and a half per cent, of the pro-
ducts of the world are consumed by the laboring-
men. If we are to reduce them all two hours
out of ten each day, it follows that instead of
there being as much produced hereafter as
there has been heretofore the amount of pro-
ducts of the would is to be reduced so that the
laboring man is not to have as much to con-
sume as he has had heretofore. It is a blow
at, the weil-being ot laboring men.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont will please suspend his remarks.
The morning hour has expired. The Chair
did not at first interpose while the Senator
was speaking, supposing that he was about to
conclude his remarks; but two minutes have
passed since the expiration of the morning
hour, and the Chair must interpose. The
unfinished business of yesterday is now before
the Senate, being the resolution in regard to
the appointment of a standing committee of
investigation and retrenchment, upon which
the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilsox]
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON". I hope we shall have a vote
on this matter. From the remarks made by
the Senator from Vermont it must be very
apparent that if this amendment is persisted
in it will take a very large amount of time. I
hope that it will be withdrawn, and that we
shall afterward take up the eiglit-hour ques-
tion by itself. Let us do justice now; at any
late, let us equalize the pay of these men who
have been in the Government employment and
have discharged their duty. I hope that will
be done, and that the Senate will drop the
question of the eight-hour law for the present,
and pass the bill as it came from the House of
Representatives. When we shall have done
that, I shall be willing to join with Senators in
an elaborate and careful examination of the
whole subject. I would like to do it.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
the regular order being passed over informally
until the Senator from Vermont shall have fin-
ished his remarks. I do not wish to interrupt
him in the middle of his speech, but 1 must
insist that the regular order be taken up after
he concludes.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I did_ not
intend, Mr. President, to occupy any consider-
able length of time of the Senate, and 1 had
nearly concluded what I had to say. In my
judgment.it is eminently proper that we should
add this amendment to this proposition which
is pending now on the motion of the Senator
from Massachusetts. It was from Massachu-
setts that this subject first obtained an entrance
into the legislation of the country, and it is fit
and proper that it should go out by the fame
door.
I am in favor of elevating the laboring man,
Out I would not elevate him by saying that he
shall labor for so much when liis labor may
be worth a great deal more or a great deal
less. I would not create places under the
Government that will be more desirable for
him to have than any he can obtain at home.
We know here in the Public Printing Office that,
it has been almost impossible to conduct the
establishment since the adoption of the eight-
liour law. It is involved in great difficulties.
We also know that the Government will be
compelled to abandon all its public works
unless we abandon this eight-hour system.
We cannot carry on any sort of enterprise in
the way of our governmental workshops under
that system, for we shall be beaten out, of
house and home by private enterprise. The
Treasury cannot afford it.
Now, unless the Senator from Massachu-
setts is prepared to abandon all our navy-
yards, all our arsenals, and every point and
place where the Government employs inen to
do work, he must be content to allow this sub-
ject of labor to be regulated by the several
States, or to be legulated by the law of supply
and demand. It is the only way that we can
leave the laboring man independent. Give
the laboring man an education and an oppor-
tunity to work, and that is the greatest benefit
we can confer upon him.
Mr. CASSERLY and Mr. WILSON ad-
dressed the Chair.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. WILSON. I desire, if this amendment
is to be persisted in 
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California [Mr. Cassebly] claims the
floor if this debate is to continue. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts is entitled to thefloor
on the unfinished business.
Mr. WILSON. I simply proposed to say
that if this amendment was to be persisted in I
would prefer to have the measure go over for
two or three days. There are some facts that
1 desire to look into.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Rhode Island gave notice that he would
onlj' consent to the unfinished business being
passed over informally, as was tacitly done,
and if he demands it the unfinished business
is before the Senate. If not, the Senator from
California will be recognized on the proposi-
tion pending at the expiration of the morning
hour.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has appealed to me 
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from California yield to the Senator from
Illinois?
Mr. CASSERLY. Certainly. I merely
wished to say in reference to the proposition
of the Senator from Illinois that it cannot
pass the Senate without being discussed thor-
oughly. I, for one, am thoroughly opposed to
it. I am in fY.-or cf the eight-hour law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 do not wish to embar-
rass what is regarded rather as a private bill
here to biing about equality among the em-
ploy es at the different arsenals. That was not
my intention in offering the amendment. I
am appealed to by Senators to let the bill,
which is a bill from the House of Represent-
atives for the relief of certain individuals,
stand upon its own merits. I feel a little
embarrassed under those circumstances in per-
sisting in the amendment here. I am in favor
of the repeal of this eiglit-hour law, but under
the circumstances I am willing to withdraw
the amendment.
Tie VICE PRESIDENT. Tho amendment
is withdrawn.
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Mr. Presi-
dent, 1 am very much inclined to renew the
amendment which was offered by the Senator
from Illinois. I cannot vote for this bill as it
now stands for this reason: I think that the
effect of the bill as it now stands is to give a
legislative construction to the eight-hour law
which is entirely contraiy to the understand-
ing cf this body at least when that law was
uassjd, and is itself erroneous. I remember
well the passage of the eight-hour law in the
Senate. The question was asked directly of
the gentleman who had the bill in charge
whether it was intended, by making eight hours
a day's labor in the Government employ, to
thereby entitle the laborer to the same wages
which he had hitherto received for ten hours,
and the gentleman having the bill in charge
replied emphatically that such was not the
intention of the law.
The bill was accordingly passed. After its
passage this question arose, and it was submit-
ted by the President to the Attorney General.
The Attorney General held, and in my judg-
ment held properly, that it was not the true
construction of the law that it imposed upon
the officers of the Government the necessity
of paying at the same rate of wages for eight
hours that they had hitherto paid for ten hours'
work ; and according to that proper construc-
tion of the law the superintendents of some of
the Government workshops acted in the pay-
ment of the wages of the laborers. Then an
appeal was taken to the President, and the
President simply overruled the action of the
subordinates in charge of the Government
workshops, although I presume he did not
attempt to overrule the legal opinion of the
Attorney General.
Now, we here are called upon to pass a bill
paying the laborers in the Government work-
shops in accordance with a construction of the
law which was expressly repudiated in this
body when the law was passed, and which has
been decidcd by the Attorney General to be
incorrect.
Mr. THURMAN. Will my fdend allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. Certainly.
Mr. THURMAN. I was not here then, and
I do not know how that matter was, and I
want to get all the light I can. Will he tell
me what benefit this law could be to the work-
ingmen upon the interpretation which be places
upon it? If the workingraen were not to re-
ceive for eight hours' what they had formerly
received for ten hours' labor from the Govern-
ment, of what possible benefit was the law to
them?
Mr. FERRY, of Connecticut. If the Sen-
ator asks me for my opinion, I say that the
law is cf no benefit to the workingmen under
any circumstances, but is a curse to the work-
ingmen ; and if 1 were a workingman I would
never agree that a legislative body should have
the power to say how many hours 1 should
work, and what should be the amount of my
wages. But that is not what the Senator from
Ohio wishes to ask me probably. That, which
was claimed by the advocates of the bill was,
that the laborer, being compelled to labor in
the Government workshops only eight hours,
would have more time for cultuie, for improve-
ment, for leading, for attending the evening
schools, and the like. I remember that argu-
ment was used.
But, sir, to return. My objection to the
present bill is that Congress is now pledging
itself to the construction by which the work-
| men in the Government workshops for the
| labor of eight hours are to be held to be enti-
: tied by law to tho wages which they formerly
' received for the labor of ten hours. Conse-
quently I cannot vote for the bill of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts as it stands. I would
very much prefer that the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Illinois had been
retained, and then I would have been willing
i to vote, had that amendment been adopted,
[ to equalize the wages that were paid to the
! laborers during the unfortunate continuance
of such an anomaly as this eight-hour law. I
now renew the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Connecticut renews the amendment of
the Senator fromlllinois.which is now pending.
Mr. ANTHONY. Mr. President  
Mr. SHERMAN. I trust before this mat
ter passes away the Senator from Massachu-
