2812
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
ana, but, I propose to show him the written
order of every Federal general which is now
on file in the War Department, and copies ot'
which I hold in my hand.
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
a moment to make a statement?
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly.
Mr. MOllTON. I think it is but just to the
Senator from Kentucky and this claim to state
the ground upon which the Indiana claims for
services rendered by the militia of Indiana
during the war were, placed. As the Governor
of the State during the war, I know all about
the circumstance under which those troops
were called out; and among the first things
that I attempted to do when I came to tho
Senate, as we had failed to get a settlement
for our claim for money expended, was to get
a bill through Congress authorizing the seti le-
nient of that claim. 1 was told at the War
Department that, the Government had refused
to settle in the cases of Missouri and West
Virginia, except, upon a finding ofcommissions
appointed by the President under an act of
Congress to determine the chaiacter of the
claim and the extent of it. Accordingly, I
introduced a bill authorizing the appointment
of three commissioners to adjudicate the In-
diana claims, and 1 will read the second pec-
tion of that hill to show what the requirements
were m regard to Indiana:
"That tho commissioners so appointed shall pro-
oood, subject t,o regulations to bo prescribed by I,ho
Secretary of War, nt onec to examine all tho items
of expenditure made by saiil State tor tho purpose
herein named, at lowing only all diwbursoinenls made
and amounts assumed by tho State tor enrolling,
equipping, subsisting, transporting', anil pavinssuch
troop-ins wcro called into service by the (Juveruot,
at tho request of tho United States department
eoiumnnder commanding the distnotin which Indi-
ana uiuy at tho tmio have boon included, or by tho
express order, consent, or concurrence ot such com-
mander, or which tuny have been employed or used
in supprossinK robclhon in said State. And no al-
lowance shall bo made tor any troops which did not
perform nclual military scivico in full conceit and
cooperation with tho authorities of the Uniled
Statos and subject to their oideis."
It was not made a condition in the ease of
Indiana that tho troops should have been
called out by tho President or the Secretary
of War, but it was sullicieiit, that, they woio
called out with the knowledge or consent, of
tho deparlmeiit commander or the officer in
command in the State of Indiana, and in fact
in many cases tliey were called out by the
Governor of the State without any authniity
derived from any United States ofiicer, because
in hia opinion it was important to call them
out, but the call having been assented to and
conceded by the depart,mental commander to
be right, and the troops having been employed
alter such call and treated us having been
properly culled out, it was provided in the act
of Congress that upon such finding the State
should be reimbursed for those expenses.
There was no pretense made at that time
that the State should not be reimbursed lor
expenses unless the troops were called out by
the President of the United States. They
were not even called out by the authority of a
corps commander, or at the request of any
officer h'gher than the officer in command of
the department or district of which the State
or Indiana was a, part, and part of the time the
whole, and in fact the most of the calls were
made by the Governor and afterward con-
sented to, expressly or impliedly, by the officer
in command. So that so far as any objection
is made that these troops were not called out
hy the President or by the order of the Sec-
retary of War, but only by General Sherman,
or by General Ihomas, or by General Bar-
onage, who I know was in command in Ken-
tucky for a considerable time, it seems to me
that objection is not well taken, because that
was not required in the case of Indiana, and
1 !, WaS Tr0t .required in the Missouri
act, the West Virginia act, or the act in rela-
tion to any other State that I know of. I
deemed it but just to make this statement.
Mr, STEVENSON. I agree with the Sen-
ator from Indiana exactly. He speaks my
sentiments rauch better than I could speak
them myself on this subject. But let us sup-
pose for a moment that this statement of the
Secretary of the Treasury is true, ^ that they
were in the service of the State of Kentucky
by State authority, under officers appointed
by the State, but were not called for uuder the
authority of the President or Secretary of
War." He seems to think that that was final
under this act.. I do not understand the Sec-
retary of the Treasuiy to say that the Senate
ought not to pay this claim. On the contrary,
he says we ought to pay it, as I understand.
He has never told me so, but 1 find that state-
ment in the report of the adjutant general of
the State of Kentucky.
But I come back now to the question as to
these identical troops. Here is what General
William T. Sherman says:
"Washington, D. C„ June 30, 1871.
I certify that, prior to beginning the Atlanta
campaign, I sent for Governor l>ramlette, of Ken-
tucky, to come to mu in Nashville, and in May or
April, 1801, revealed to hi in the plans and purposes
ot the campaign, and that I expected him, as the
Executive ofKeutucky, to suard and protect our
lines ot supply, all of which came through Kentucky,
and to guard against raids or invasions from the
cast or west. Jlo expressed his perfect willingness
to do so, and on the whole our lines were protected,
and our success w.is thereby encouraged and in-
sured. My route, as is well known, was to Savan-
nah, Georgia, and thence to Washington, District
ot Columbia; .so that 1 did not again see Governor
Biaiulette till the wa.i w<it> ov et, and was never able
to ascertain how, or in what manner he disposed of
his State militia toiho end proposed; but I do re-
ffHidhih efforts as meritorious to the cause of the
United States to a high degree.
tV. T. SHERMAN, General.
Here is tho affidavit of General Burbiidge :
City of Washington, D. V.*Apr%l 29,1869.
This is to certily that I am a citizen of the State
ot ivonfuoky, and in 180-1 a,rid 1805 1 was a brigadier
general ot volunteers, and in command oi fne dis-
trict ot Kentucky; and while in command of said
district (tioru April, 1801, to the summer oflSod) I
employed in the United States service the capital
guards and other State guards to take the place of,
and do the services required by, the United vStates
troops under lay command, at various times, and
tne organizations aforesaid did perform guard and
picket duty while 1 was absent with my command
on expeditions a gainst rebel organizations in eastern
m tuoy* - -onncssce, and Saitville, Virginia.
Ihoy were necessarily employed by me; and if
they had not been furnished I should have been
compelled to have kept «i much larger force of
unitou otates troops stationed in Kentucky to per-
loim that scrvico, which would have defeated many
ol tho expeditions which were successfully made
11 io Governor oi Kentucky furnished the capital
and other btate guards on mv order, and the expense
incurred on account of subsistence, transportation
and ordnance, was nece^ary anil for the benefit of
the United btntes, and could not, at that time, have
expenditures, therefore,
Spil'ted States m thoei?hth and ninth
ins-talliiients of tho war claim of Kentucky wen-
Properly char^able to the United States as a 'neces-
sity, and the Stateof Kentucky should be reimbursed
tor the expenditures thus made.
mTv X? n? lnterest whatever in this matter, and
of fiytomSaSd Tmdlcate the M*"
r , w ■ n s-«;BUEBBIDGE,
Late Major General United States Army.
Now I beg the attention of my friend from
V ermont  
Mr. EDMUNDS. My friend has it all the
time.
v,r^r'j I am exceedingly
ob.iged to him, I know he is one of the most
attentive Senators in the Chamber, and one
of the best posted men. My friend thinks
that these troops were under State command,
and that the service performed after the sur-
render of Lee and Johnston was unnecessary
except for State purposes. Now I want to
read to him  
Mr. EDMUNDS. If my friend will pardon
me, before he reads I wish to call his atten-
tion and that of the Senate to the difference
between the two instances that he has read
He has read the letter of General Sherman!
which, I have no doubt, states truly and with
candor ; the precise condition ol things, it
appears to have been addressed to the Execu-
tive of the State of Kentucky, as Executive,
calling upon him to perform the duty that be-
longs to every State in this Union, to preserve
the peace within its borders. Then he has
read another certificate from a brigadier gen-
eral, the name of whom I did not catch  
Mr. STEVENSON. Burbridge.
Mr. EDMUNDS. He states a different case,
that he actually called into the service of the
United States, apparently, taking the full mean-
ing of his words, certain troops at certain
times when he was absent upon certain raids.
I do not mean to deny that on the case as
stated by Burbridge as to those particular
troops that he refers to, and on the particular
times to which he refers, it would be right and
just, within the spirit of the act of 1861, to
make provisions to pay the Stateof Kentucky.
As to the others, where the Executive was
called upon, as Executive, to maintain peace
in that State while the soldiers of the United
States were absent, which every State is bound
to maintain, the case may merit a different
consideration. Therefore, all of my point is
simply this, (if my friend will pardon so long
an interruption,) that, with a disposition to do
to the State of Kentucky as v/e have done to
Missouri and to West Virginia, I am willing
to have an inquiry made on the same princi-
ples, and give that State the same generous
and liberal and fair justice that we have given
to the others, and not undertake to determine
on the snap of the whip, as the saying is, that
Kentucky is entitled to over five hundred thou-
sand dollars merely because on the 30th of
June, with greater rapidity than even Sheridan
rode to the battle of Cedar Creek, they hustled
this thing through half a dozen departments
on one day; not that there was any intention to
wrong the Government, but a laudable desiie
on the part of the Kentucky people to make
great haste to get hold of the appropriation.
1 hai is the distinction 1 make, and I am obliged
to my friend for permitting me to state it.
^ir. STEVENSON. 1 always listen with
pleasure to the Senator from Vermont. He
is generally well posted in subject-matters
under his charge, and on them he is always
ready to speak. But I must say to the Sen-
ator that he does not understand this claim,
fills claim was not hurried through. It was
hied in 18GG and not audited until the 30th
of June, 18(1. Now, like the Senator from
Indiana, I was Governor of my State, I went
in person to the Department and I received
from the Secretary ot the Treasury the same
objection, that some of these troops had not
been called for legitimately according to his
construction of the act of 1861. I think it was
in the year 1867 or 1868 that I came here in
person. I hat oiijeciion was then removed,
and in accordance with the ruling of Secretary
otanton the troops were paid. That was the
second installment.
Now we come to the third. How was it
hurried through? There has been no hurry
in it. The State of Kentucky made her
application under this act of 1861. She has
waited yearsand years ; and when the amounts
nave been patiently examined and scrutinized
and audited, when this identical claim has
.i®e"J,?11 Emitted to the War Department, when
e vvar Department says these accounts are
entitled to be paid, and the War Office issues
a requisition for the amount, when the Sei&iid
omptroller then registers it, having asked the
opinion of the War Department, we are to be
through' W<3 are Seekil,g to «et this tLiuS hastily
twUAlet m® answer my friend on the point
that these troops rendered service after May,
1865, by the orders of the United States com-
mander:
as States that during his term
September 1KK7 ?untuo.£y!from September, 1863, to
of the StatJ mihtia called into the scrvico
then 12k P«P0«W ot defense against the
the United 5,V(5 'f 'n dS<"nst tho trovernment of
orders of thi rres-V w,erc? at a" times suhject to the
in Kentiici Un5ted States military commanders
Places v*ere tmPloye<l on duty at such
that th5 by such commanders. Ho states
the miUtia, or State troops, so called into ser-
