3708
TEE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
or of its indefinite duration, unless repealed
by some succeeding Legislature ; provided an-
other shall ever be elected. He is also pro-
vided with ample military and constabulary
forces, so that persons or communities need-
ing or desiring the national protection would
very likely be of the Opposition, and therefore
not in a position to invoke it.
The President will listen to no application for
troops which does not come through the Gov-
ernor of the Slate. The Opposition do not
want such power conferred upon the President,
even if it could be legally done and its) ex-
ercise invoked for their protection and upon
their own application, because it is conceded
a most dangerous power to commit to the
Chief Magistrate of the Republic at any time,
especially so to the present incumbent, and at
this particular juncture. They think, as many
of the friends and supporters of the Adminis-
tration also begin to conclude, that there has
been quite enough of Federal interference in
the domestic atfuirs of the States. The tend-
ency toward centralizing the powers properly
belonging to the States ill the General Govern-
ment. is very manifest, and is creating dis-
honest and discontent in the public mind.
The proposition t,o couferupon thePresident
the power to suspend the habeas corpus during
the period covering the approaching presi-
dential canvass and election, coining so soon
after the amendment of the election act pro-
viding Federal supervision over all election
precincts in the United States, is absolutely
alarming. We all know there is no necessity
for the continuance in force of the fourth sec-
tion of the act of 20th April, 1871. There
are no such disturbances occurring in the
southern States, or at all likely to occur, as to
excuse the exercise of military authority or
control over them, or even to require its sup-
port to the civil authority. If it had been
suspected at the date of the passage of the act
that a proposition would be made to extend
the most objectionable feature of it to a date
beyond the time fixed for holding the presi-
dential election it would most certainly have
been defeated.
Several of the southern States have organ-
ized permanent military establishments, em-
bracing regular State police forces, ostensibly
for die preservation of the public peace. In
thene, or some of tlieui at, least, we shall find
upon examination the greatest number and
most aggravated cases of outiagc and lawless-
ness. This was the case in Texas duiing the
period covered by the canvass and election for
members of Congress last summer and fall.
The police and "'State guard," both organ-
ized and permanent militaiy forces, well armed
but badly disciplined, were recruited from the
colored population and the lowest class of
whites, the recruiting officers selecting the
most daring and insolent characters to be
found, which were then officered by ihe Gov-
ernor, he selecting for this responsible and
delicate duty men whose reputation for con-
tempt of authority, and turbulence, was much
belter established than for courage or discre-
tion. Some of them were well-known desper-
adoes befoie they were commissioned into the
police force, and maintained that character
afterward. These military organizations, con-
stituted of such material, were placed upon
duty, not under any law, but such rules and
regulations and with such instructions as the
chief of police and the Governor chose to
make and enforce. The fourih section of the
aet of July 1, 1870, to establisha State police,
provides that—
" The chief of SUte police, with the approval of
the UoviMiior, snail make ait needful rules and reg-
ulations tor tile government ot the State police."
And the fifth section of the same act makes
all sheiitfs and their deputies, constables, mar-
shals ot cities and towns and their deputies,
and police of cities and towns, part and parcel
of the police force, and '• subject to the super-
visory control of the Governor and chief of
State police, with fall authority to make rules
and regulations" for these as well as for the
police proper. The langu-age of the section
is in these words:
" The chief of State police, subject to the approval
of tbe Governor, may make all needful rules and
regulations for the government and direction of
their officers "—
Sheriffs, marshals, and constables—
"in matters looking to the maintenance of public
peace, preventing orsuppressing crime, and bringing
to justice offenders; and any of these officers failing
or refusing prompt obedience to such rules and reg-
ulations, or to the orders of the Governor or chief
of State police, shall be removed from office and
suffer such other punishment as oiay be prescribed
by taw."
This palpable violation of the constitution
was adopted, because in some counties sheriffs
and marshals looked to the law and the consti-
tution to guide them in their duties instead of
yielding obedience to the chief of police. The
counties are thus deprived of their respective
constabulary and executive officers provided by
and elected under the constitution. Sheriffs
are important officers of the courts, with well-
defined duties under the constitution, and
besides collect the State and county taxes.
They cannot, therefore, be legally taken from
under the operation of the law and the con-
stitution and made an appendage to a police
force to be sent out of their respective coun-
ties at the will and caprice of the chief of
police or Governor of ttte State, punished for
disobedience of their orders,or dismissed from
office. Yet they are thus treated. They have
everywhere been "removed when found objec-
tionable to the authorities. No wonder if
county officers have, in many instances, proved
inefficient, the public service demoralized, and
tbe treasury empty.
These military organizations, police force,
and State guards were generally employed
ill the middle and western part of the State
for the three or four mouths preceding the
October election in constituting as well as
organizing and managing primary meetings
and county and district conventions. Of
course troops thus employed must soon
becomo demoralized and insolent, not only in
their intercourse aniF dealings with citizens,
but toward the authorities as well. They
were avowedly intended to be a terror to evil-
doers only, but they became a greater terror
and scourge to innocent and peaceable per-
sons, and would at any time have been found
troublesome to the authorities had any sort of
discipline or obedience to law, or even regu-
lations, been exacted of them.
Under instructions, or in defiance thereof,
they seem to have full license to hunt, run
down, arrest, and confine whomsoever they
like, without affidavit or warrant, and to extort
heavy fines from their victims by threats of sum-
mary punishment. 1 remember a ease of this
character which occurred last year in one of the
upper Brazos counties. A highly respectable
citizen was arrested in his own house charged
with harboring or having knowledge of the
whereabouts of some relative, for which, and
for presuming to demand the authority under
which the officer acted, he was threatened wiih
condign punishment in default of the immedi-
ate payment of $0,000 gold. Though a man
of property, he found it 110 easy matter to raise
the money, but through friends he managed
to procure the sum named, less two or three
hundred dollars, and paid it over to the chief;
and this scandalous robbery of an innocent
citizen not only remains unpunished, but went
unrebuked by the authorities.
The other day, during the debate on the
Louisiana election bill, 1 alluded to the origin
of the disturbance which resulted in the declara-
tion of martial law by the Governor of Texas
during the election week last fall in the coun-
ties of Limestone aud Freestone, in order to
correct the impression which the reading of
the report of the House Committee of Elec-
tions in the case of Giddings vs. Clark, from
the third district of that State, made upon the
mind of the Senator from Vermont. [Mr. Ed-
munds.] I said only enough on that occasion
to relieve the people of those counties ot the
censure which the justification of the Govern-
or's proclamation of martial law seemed to im-
ply, because the case of contest was then pend-
ing in the House, and being closely connected
with the unhappy condition of affairs in those
counties, I could not go into a fuller history
of the troubles without bearing upon the cause
of the sitting member ; and I did not want to
subject myself to the charge of seeking an
opportunity to attack him while his case was
pending, not that I had any sympathy with
his cause or the means by which he was certi-
fied up.
That contest is now settled; and feeling that
the Senator from Vermont, quite as much by
manner as by words, rested under the belief
that my statement was colored in the interest
of the citizens at the expense of the authori-
ties, I shall endeavor now to satisfy him that
in this instance at least the citizens were not
the aggressors, and at the same time correct
the impression made upon the mind of my
colleague, who was gratified to find that I did
not condemn the Governor. I thought I had
said enough to indicate the contrary, and
beside, did not suppose my colleague ignorant
of the fact that, along with a very large ma-
jority of the Governor's political and personal
friends and the intense opposition, I believed
the proclamation of martial law wholly un-
authorized in any case, and unueccessary in
that case.
In response to the seeming appeal made by
the Senator from Vermont, I said if threatened
hostilities betweeu the races could be sup-
pressed in no other way I would even justify
the course the Governor took; I expressed
myself thus strongly to indicate my disposition
to support the chief magistrate in the exercise
of all his authority for the preservation of pub-
lic order. But that was too great a concession;
for in the actual circumstances no condition of
affairs would justify what the Governor did.
The tenth section of the first article of the con-
atitntion of the State provides that "the habeas
corpus shall not besuspended except, byact of
the Legislature in caseofrebellion orinvasion."
Allowing the necessity for prompt action, which,
is not conceded, the Legislature was in session
right over the executive office when the proc-
lamation issued, but the Governor did not
deign to ask for authority or make any com-
munication to that body ; and it was only after
the public indignation began to work upon its
members, most, of whom had up to that time
shown a willingness to support his measures
without much inquiry, that he felt the necessity
of some recognition or sanction for the exercise
of such extraordinary powers. He therefore
caused resolutions of approval of his procla-
mation of martial law to be introduced in the
house or tbe senate, I do not recollect which,
but it was too late; the storm of indignation
which swept over the country carried tbe Legis-
lature along with the public. 1 send to the
desk and ask the Clerk to read the resolutions
adopted by the house of representatives.
The Chief Clerk read as follows :
"Whereas his Excellency B.J. Davis, Governorof
t,he State of Texas, did on the 9th day of October,
1871, declare martial law in the counties of Lime-
stone and Freestone, and did suspend the privilege
of the writ ot habeas corpus in and to said counties;
and whereas an armed lorce has been quartered
upon the people of said counties for several weeks
past at a heavy expense to said counties and the
limitation ol the personal liberty of the people
therein; and whereas the (xovernor did in his said
proclamation of martial law direct a penalty of
£50,000 to be levied and collected Irorn thecitizcna
of Limestone county; and whereas in pursuance
thereof an assessment of three per cent, upon all
taxable property ol said county has been levied and
is being collected, to the great detriment and luin
ot said county ; and whereas the Legislature of the
State was in session at the date ol said proclamation,
an-j ^as ,ln no wise consulted with reference to the
said declaration of martial law, as vre believe it
should have been done to make said proclamation
legal: Therefore,
" Be it resolved by the house of representatives, (the
senate concurring,) That the action of his Excel-
