124
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
setts will allow the bill to be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations, or on Finance,
to ascertain how much money is involved in
the appropriation.
Mr. WILSON. As this amendment is per-
sisted in, I will consent to the reference. I
hope, however, that the Committee on Finance
■will report within a day or two.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would rather it should
be referred to the Committee on Appropria-
tions.
Mr. WILSON. Very well, say the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. CONKLING. ' I should like also to
make a suggestion to the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts about this matter, which is about to
pass from the Senate. By the terms of the
bill, as I understand it, it is applicable alike
to men from whom a certain portion of the
day's wages was withheld by a regulation of
the Department, and to those who, by their
own agreement or contract, may have hired for
the sum which in truth they received.
I see the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts pays no attention to what I say, and there-
fore 1 will suggest it to any member of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations who may have this
in charge, that the bill, as it stands, seems to
apply as well to those from whose wages a
rebate occurred by the action of the Depart-
ment, and no more to those than to others
who may have agreed for the very sum
which they in truth received. I looked at it
to see whether there was any distinction of
that sort, and, as I understand it, the lan-
guage would require a payment just as well to
those who had fixed by agreement the rates
which they received as to those who were
curtailed in their wages by the action of the
Department.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I desire to
make one suggestion, in reply to the Senator
from Connecticut, a3 to what was the under-
standing here when the eight-hour law passed.
My recollection is that the Senator from Ohio
sitting behind me [Mr. Seermax] offered an
amendment to that bill for the purpose of test-
ing the sense of the Senate as to whether there
should be a full day's wages paid for eight
hours work, or only eight hours labor paid for.
My recollection is that the question was dis-
tinctly presented in that amendment, which
.was voted down by a very decided majority.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 call for the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under-
stands that the Senator from Massachusetts
consents to the reference of this bill to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Appro-
priations.
Mr. SHERMAN. The chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations is not here.
Mr. WILSON. Then the Committee on
Finance.
Mr SUMNER. I should like to make one
remark?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island demands the regular
order.
Mr. SUMNER. Just one word.
Mr. ANTHONY. I yield to the Senator
from Massachusetts, and then I shall demand
the regular order, whoever gets up. I shall
not yield to any Senator.
Mr. SUMNER. I was simply about to say
that the question in this bill seems to me to be
very small, for, as I understand it, there is
one uniform rule now in the public works of
the United States, in the Printing Office here
in Washington, in the arsenals everywhere,
and in the navy-yards. That is, all the work-
men are paid a day's wages for eight hours'
work. But three years back there was an in-
terval of a few months during which that rule
was not applied in certain of the public works,
for instance, in the arsenal at Springfield; and
the object of this bill is to repair that neg-
lect 
Mr. MORTON. To equalize them.
Mr. SUMNER. As the Senator well says,
to equalize the condition of workmen, for in-
stance in the arsenal at Springfield and in the
Printing Office here in Washington. It seems
to me it is a simple bill, thoroughly equitable
in character; it cannot amount to a very large
sum ; and I do not see that there is any reason
for delay. I really think it would be better if
the Senate would proceed with the bill with-
out attaching the very important proposition
which the Senator from Connecticut has moved,
and which I, for one, should be very happy to
consider by itself, and act simply upon the bill.
It is unquestionably an act of justice. These
workmen are out of their money. Some of
them are dead and are represented by their
families, and to them this small allowance is
of very great importance. I do not think it
advisable for us to take more time. I think
we fairly owe the money, and therefore the
sooner we pay it the better.
Now, may I not appeal to Senators to allow
this bill to be passed in the shape in which it
came from the House of Representatives? It
was supported in the House, as I understand,
by my two distinguished colleagues, one the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and the other the gentleman who is about to
leave the House to be Governor of Massachu-
setts, who never supports any measure except
after the most careful consideration. I there-
fore submit that a bill so simple in character,
in the nature of aprivate bill, coming from the
House of Representatives, where it had such a
support, had better be acted upon at once.
Now, may I appeal to the Senate to act upon
the bill itself at once without any further
reference or delay? I doubt if there is any
objection.
Mr. ANTHONY. The bill has already been
referred.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have it acted upon
now.
Mr. EDMUNDS Can we now have the
regular order, Mr. President?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Massachusetts is still upon the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to violate
the notice given by the Senator from Rhode
Island, but I should like to say one word.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Does the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts yield to the Senator
from Ohio?
Mr. ANTHONY. I call for the regular
order.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The hill has not
been referred, but is still pending, and the
Senator from Rhode Island calls for the reg-
ular order.'
Mr. ANTHONY. I have no objection to
the reference of the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not allow it to be
passed?
Mr. ANTHONY. It cannot be passed now,
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair under
stands that the regular order is still demanded
Mr. ANTHONY. If the bill can be re
ferred without further debate, I have no objec
tion.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It cannot be
referred while Senators are claiming the floor
to debate it. The Senator from Ohio rose
as soon as the Senator from Massachusetts
concluded.
Mr. ANTHONY. I call for the regular
order.
. The VICE PRESIDENT. Is there objec-
tion to the reference of this bill and the pend-
ing amendment to the Committee on Finance ?
The Chair hears none, and it is so referred.
COMMITTEE OS RETRENCHMENT.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the following resolution, submitted yesterday
by Mr. Anthony:
Besolved, That a standing committee of seven, to
be known as the Committee of Investigation and
lietrencnmenfc, be created, to investigate and report
on such subjects as may be committed to it hy the
Senate, such committee to be elected by the Senate
as other standing committees.
The pending question being on the amend-
ment of Mr. Trumbuli. ; which was to add
thereto the following:
And that said committee be instructed to inquire
into the expenditures in all branches of the service
of the United States, and to report whether any and
what offices ought to beabolished ; whether any and
what salaries or allowances ousht to be reduced ;
what are the methods of procuring accountability
in public officers or agents in the care and disburse-
ment of public moneys; whether moneys have been
paid out illegally; whether any officers or agents or
other persons have been or are employed in the
public service without authority of law or unneces-
sarily; and generally how and to what extent the
expenses of theserviceof the country mayandought
to be curtailed.
And also to consider the expediency of so amend,
ing the laws under whioh appointments to the pub-
lic service are now made as to provide for withdraw-
ing the public service from being used as an instru-
ment of political or party patronage.
That said committee be authorized to sit during
the recess of Congress, to send for persons and papers,
and to report by bill or otherwise; and that said
committee may appoint a clerk.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President. I appeal to
the Senate, especially to my political friends,
not to put us in a false position before the coun-
try. No Senator, I am sure, desires to put
the Senate or his political friends in such a
position. But whatever may be the intention
of Senators, the Senate and the majority
of the Senate are this day in a false position
before the nation. It has gone out on the wings
of the wind, flashed all over the country, and
millions of our countrymen believe this hour
that there has been an attempt made in the
Senate of the United States to shield the Ad-
ministration from scrutiny and investigation.
I know this is not the purpose of any Senator,
and I beg Senators not to make apparent what
is not real. I would remind them that it is not
only important to be right and to do right, but
it is quite important that we should always
appear so. Individuals and parties are often
judged by appearances, and the country, noting
our action, will judge us, not by our intentions,
but by the unfortunate attitude we have been
made to occupy by those Senators who decline
to accept the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Illinois.
A joint committee of investigation was ap-
pointed by the Thirty-Ninth Congress; and it
was continued through the Fortieth and Forty-
First Congresses. The evidence is conclusive
that it saved to the Treasury millions of dol-
lars, that it corrected many abuses, and it
cannot be doubted that it prevented others.
The Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
justly claims that there have been during the
past three years reforms in the administration
of public affairs. Was not this joint commit-
tee, with its ample powers of investigation, an
important portion of the influences by which
these reforms have been consummated? If
such a committee contributed in any percepti-
ible degree to the retrenchments and reforms
that have been inaugurated, is it wise to dis-
pense with it? Will not the country, will not
friends and enemies alike, assume that we are
attempting to stifle investigations?
The present Administration came into power
clearly and distinctly committed to reform
the abuses that had grown up under the policy
adopted by President Johnson. Everywhere
in the canvass of 1868 economy, retrenchment,
reform, were in the hearts and upon the lips
of the people, especially the great body of the
people who always desire good government
whoever may be in power. Coming into power
with these solemn pledges, the executive and
legislative departments of the Government
entered upon the work of retrenching expend-
itures, of reforming abuses. The appropria-
tions were reduced by tens of millions, and
more system and vigor infused into the service,
by which tens of millions were secured to the
Treasury. Through this economy in the ex-
penditures, this fidelity in the collection of
the public moneys, the nation is indebted for
that magnificent redaction of the public debt
