1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2813
vice were kept on duty only so long as it was deemed
neccssary by the United States military authorities,
lie states that the ' State troops,' as they were
trailed, were called into servicc to supply the forces
necessarily withdrawn from Kentucky and sent to
the front in aid of the armies in the field, and that
they were only retained in service until the danger
of the occasion had passed. How long each com-
mand was retained, when put on duty, and when
discharged, will appear fully and accurately in the
sccond volume of the adjutant general's report of
Kentucky, of September 1,1867, in schedule B. He
states that they were disbanded at the earliest day
that safety permitted."
Mr. MORTON. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him. a question?
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. The fact that the militia
of Kentucky was in the service of the United
Slates and called out at the instance of an offi-
cer of the United States at any time after the
1st of May, 1865, after the final surrender of
Kirby Smith, might seem somewhat carious.
Perhaps the Senate might require some explan-
ation of why these militia were in service bo
long after all hostilities had terminated else-
where. I want to say to the Senator that the
claims of Indiana for the services of her
militia Were filed in the War Department from
time to time as they accrued, and in 1866 some
two hundred and fifty thousand dollars, I
think, of the amount had been examined and
audited as correct, but I was then told as Gov-
ernor of the State that the Government would
pay none of those claims unless they were
pardculaily examined by a commission ; that
there were certain questions in regard to call-
ing out the troops that could not be settled
properly in the Department, and I was required
to take steps then to have commissioners ap-
pointed to adjudicate those claims as had been
done in these other States.
Now, 1 ask the Senator from Kentucky if it
would not be the shortest and best method,
and one in harmony with what is required of
other States, to introduce a bill, which will
no doubt pass without opposition, to appoint
commissioners to consider these claims, just
as was done in the cases of West Virginia and
Kansas and Missouri and Indiana? There can
be no objection to the passage of such a bill.
It, puts the States on an equality. It treats
them all alike, and I am sure the claims found
by that commission will be promptly paid by
the United States. According to the state-
ment of the Senator, this claim ought to be
paid; and as to the question of amount, why
should it not be determined in the same way
that the other States were required to have
their claims determined?
Mr. STEVENSON. There have been only
three States, I believe, that have had commis-
sions ; and I think they have been paid in full.
The State of Missouri was paid six millions, I
think.
Mr. EDMUNDS. She was not paid any-
thing for services after the termination of the
war.
Mr. STEVENSON. She was paid $6,000,000
and she was not required even to do what we
have been required to do at great expense.
The finding of the commission was all that
was required to get her pay. We have been
required day by day and month by month and
year by year to go to the Treasury Department
after the War Department has passed upon our
claim. After the accounting officers of the
Treasury have passed upon it, we have still a
large claim. I say that it seems to me unjust
to the State of Kentucky that when we have
complied with the law and obtained the judg-
ment of the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury as well as of the War Department, the
bead of which sanctioned it by his finding and
duected a requisition to be drawn in ourlavor,
we are now told that we must have a new law
passed and have all these accounts examined
de novo.
But, Mr. President, the point has been made
that these services were not rendered, or if
rendered were not necessary to the United
States after the surrender of Lee and Johnston.
Governor Bramlette states that they were dis-
banded at the earliest day public safety per-
mitted :
"Ha further states that the necessity for such
forces arose in this way: under an act of Congress
to provide for the defense of Kentucky, twenty thou-
sand volunteers for two years' service, ' within the
State ofKetucky,' were authorized to be raised. They
were raised, but it became necessary to move most
of them to the front, though they had enlisted to
serve in Kentucky and for Kentucky defense. To
supply the place of these forces the'State troops'
were raised, and the militia at various times and
places were called into active service. When the
occasion for their services had passed and it was
deemed safe to disband them, they were disbanded,
and were never kept on duty beyond the time their
services were necessary for defense."
This statement is sworn to by Thomas E.
Bramlette.
Still further:
" D. W. Lindsey on oath states that he was the
adjutant general of Kentucky during the time from
about August, 1864, until September, 1867; that the
troops above enumerated by battalions and com-
panies were held in service by the State from the
date of their muster in as per muster-in rolls until
their muster out as of dates above stated: that they
were kept in service until those dates owing to the
unsettled condition of the country and the presence
of armed hands of guerrillas, bushwhackers, and
outlaws; that the service of said troops until mus-
tered out was regarded as essential to the peace and
safety of the State, and they were mustered out of
service as early as it was considered prudent to dis-
band them. He further states that said troops did
good service, always acting with the United States
troops and subject to the orders of the United States
officers."
I do not desire to detain the Senate longer
in the presentation of this claim. It is a very
simple matter, one which addresses itself to
the conscience of every Senator upon this
floor. Many of the States have been paid in
full five times as much as Kentucky ever
claimed. Kentucky has not been paid more
than one half, or a little over half, of what
she has filed claims for in the Treasury De-
partment. She has pursued diligently tbe
exactions of your law. She has waited pa-
tiently until her claims could be audited by
the Treasury Department. She has the sanc-
tion of the War Department that these troops
rendered service, and she has the sanction of
the Secretary of the Treasury in saying that
this claim ought to be paid by Congress, though
he thinks not perhaps to its full extent. When-
ever the accounting officers and the Secretary
of War have passed upon a claim of this kind,
the Secretary of the Treasury has no authority
to attempt to diminish it one iota. In addi-
tion to all that, we have an express adjudica-
tion of the Supreme Court of the United
States that if this appropriation had not lapsed,
if it had not expired, it would be a serious
question with them whether they would not
promptly direct the Secretary of the Treasury
to reissue this warrant.
Mr. President, Kentucky comes as no pen-
sioner; she is no mendicant seeking the chari-
ties of the Federal Government. She was a
border State, and suffered largely. She was
the first to respond to that cry, that Mace-
donian cry for help, in the dark days of July,
1861. Other States have been paid, and paid
three or four times as much as she has asked.
She asks nothing now that every accounting
officer named in the act of Congress has not
said was her due. She asks pay for the ser-
vices of no troops which the War Department
has not said she is entitled to. It is with the
Senate, not with me, to decide whether the
claim shall be allowed or rejected.
I have at least attempted, weak, physically
disabled as I am, and I know most imperfectly
and satisfactorily attempted, to discharge my
duty to this Commonwealth. Sir, the Senate
never can, and never will pass upon a claim
that is more just, more honest, and more up-
right than this. No claim has ever been pre-
sented to the Senate which has been moie
thoroughly examined, more thoroughly passed
upon; and it is one which two Departments
have said is due. Besides all that, other
States have received the same that she now
asks, and more.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does the Senator mean
to say that other States have received any
compensation for the services of their militia
in any form after the 1st of June, 1865 ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I do say that, as t am
informed—I only speak from information—
other States have 'received such pay. If the
United States officer in command called in
1865 for State troops and employed them, I
cannot, to save my life, see why the public
necessity might not have been as great then as
at any period during the war.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not intend to go
into an argument with my friend. I merely
wish to get at the historic fact. If he knows
of any instance in which after the 1st of June,
1865, State militia in any of the States have
been paid, I should like to have him state it.
Mr. STEVENSON. I understand that States
have been paid for services rendered after May,
1895. That is my information.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Can my friend name the
lQ8tftIlC6 ?
Mr. STEVENSON. I cannot now without
information. I have derived that information.
Mr. EDMUNDS. It would be quite import-
ant to have that information.
Mr. STEVENSON. I should state to the
Senate before I conclude that this was only
half or little more than half of the installment
which was presented. Kentucky has now a
large amount unadjusted in the Department.
Mr. SAWYER. I have no doubt that the
Senator from Kentucky is entirely right in
supposing that a large amount of money is
still due to that Commonwealth for troops em-
ployed in the service of the United States
during the war, but I think that the accounts
made up in the War and Treasury Depart-
ments were made up on a different basis from
that which was employed in making up the
accounts of Missouri, of West Virginia, and
Indiana, and I propose to offer for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Kentucky a substi-
tute, which I send to the desk and ask to have
read.
The Chief Clerk. It is proposed to amend
the amendment by striking out all after the
word " that" and inserting:
There be allowed and paid to the State of Ken-
tucky all sums of money expended by said State m
the arming, equipping, and paying ot troops organ-
ized under the authority of said State during the
recent rebellion and employed m concert with the
Federal authorities in suppressing insurrection
against the United States and entorcing the laws
thereof; but no such payment shall be made ior
troops employed or expenses incurred alter the 1st
day of May, 1865. And for the purpose of ascertain-
ing the amount due to said State lor moneys so ex-
pended the Secretary of War shall immediately
after the passage of this act, by commission or
otherwise, cause the accounts to be examined and
report made to him of the amount due, which being
approved by the Secretary of War, and by him cer-
tified to the Secretary of the Treasury, the amount
thereof shall be allowed and paid to said State:
Provided, Tha.t in the adjustment of accounts under
this act no greater rate of compensation shall bo
allowed than was provided for by the laws of the
United States applicable to the arming, equipping,
subsisting, and payment of volunteers in force at
the time of the enrollment of such troops by the
State of Kentucky.
Mr. SAWYER. I do not propose to com-
ment upon the character of this amendment;
it speaks for itself; but I send to the desk to
be read the opinion of the Secretax-y of the
Treasury on this case.
Mr. STEVENSON. I should like to inquire
of the honorable Senator from South Carolina
why he wants to cut Kentucky off from all
inquiry as to the pay of troops after the 1st of
May, 1865, if she turmshed troops that were
under the command of and required by any
officer of the United States Army?
Mr. SAWYER. If the Senator will listen
to the opinion of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury upon this point, I think his question will
be answered.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The com-
munifcation will be read.
