1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*73
42d OoNg....2d Sess.
Sale of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Solium,
Senate.
riches than by the culture of their minds and
theif honorable ambition. In fact, he is an
excellent representative member of that class ;
for knowing him well, as I do, I may say that
I have but seldom in my life met a man of
more cultured mind and of'more varied inform-
ation in many branches of knowledge than he
possesses. He is not, as the opprobrious terms
applied to him by the Senator from New York
might lead you to believe, an adventurer. His
social position in France is a most honorable
one. I think the name of Alexis de Tocque-
ville is well known in this country. He is that
great French writer whose philosophical mind
has shed more light upon the nature and char-
acter of our institutions than you will find in
the writings of any other author living or dead.
It is a somewhat noteworthy circumstance that
the Marquis de Chambrun was one of the inti-
mate friends, I might say one of the favorites,
of this same Alexis de Tocqueville; so much
so, indeed, that in what I might call his dying
letter, de Tocqueville referred in a most inter-
esting manner to the marriage which had been
contemplated for the Marquis de Chambrun by
the de Tocqueville family, and which was
shortly before his death consummated. Itwas
the marriage of Mademoiselle de Corcelles with
the Marquis de Chambrun. The letter, which
forms part of the collection I now hold in my
hand, speaks of this marriage as "our affair,"
and a note appended to the letter states that
" de Tocqueville could properly call it 'our
affair,' for his high estimation of M. de Cham-
brun made him anxiously forward this match.
Its conclusion was one of his last pleasures."
The other party to this marriage, Made-
moiselle de Corcelles, now the Marquise de
Chambrun, is the great granddaughter of La
Fayette whose name is no less known and
highly revered in this country.
So, sir, it would appear that this gentleman
is, after all, not a waif that was accidentally
thrown upon our shores, not a mean, smaj.1
adventurer, who came here perhaps for the
purpose of taking money out of other people's
pockets by doubtful means to put it into his
own. And even at this very moment some of
the gentlemen whom we have sent to the high
court of arbitration at Geneva are introducing
themselves to the minister of foreign affairs of
the French republic, M. de Remusat, who is
connected in close family alliance with the
Marquis de Chambrun, with letters of recom-
mendation from the same gentleman who yes-
terday was denounced on this floor as a mean
claims agent and a spy.
Sir, there is the "spy" of the Senator from New
York. Seven years ago the Marquis de Cham-
brun came to this country, then intrusted by
his Government with the mission of studying
the American tariff and of aiding the French
legation here in business connected with that
subject. Afterward his Government gave him
the office of legal counsel to the French lega-
tion, and as such he is acting now.
I say I have known him long, making his
acquaintance in the year 1865. It always was
a pleasant one, and I may say that in the long
intercourse of years that acquaintance has
ripened into friendship founded upon mutual
esteem. So much have I to say about the
Marquis de Chambrun.
And now, sir, let me add that the Marquis
de Chambrun was not the man who gave me
that information about this case which made
it appear to my mind that an investigation was
necessary.
Mr. SUMNER. Nor to me either.
Mr. SCHUJRZ. Nor, as the Senator from
Massachusetts says, to him either. Nor was it
any other Frenchman orforeigner. I received
that information shortly before Christmas from
an American citizen of most respectable stand-
ing ; and I will inform the Senator from New
York, furthermore, that having thus received
certain knowledge which forced the impres-
sion upon my mind that there was something
rotten in this affair. J did ask the Marquis de
Chambrun, of whom I learned quite accident-
ally that he knew something about the matter,
why he had not spoken of it to me before.
This was not months, but a very few weeks
ago, and then, sir, deeming it necessary that
violations of law and corrupt practices in this
Government should be inquired into, I not
only considered it my right, but my duty to
obtain information wherever I could get it,
and 1 received such information from him as
he was willing to give me.
And now let me tell the Senator from New
York also what that information was. The
only thing about this whole business that I
ever received from the Marquis de Chambrun,
not already published and open to the eyes of
the world, in newspapers and official docu-
ments, was that letter of the Secretary of War
to the Secretary of State which figures in the
preamble to the resolution before us. When
he spoke to me about it, I asked him how he
could divulge that letter, and his reply was—
and knowing the man I think it will appear
so—that the letter was read to him by the
Secretary of War in the presence of several
gentlemen, and when, the next, day, he asked
him whether he did not, consider it, a confi
dential document, the Secretary of War said
emphatically he did not, and wanted to have
it spread broadcast before the country. This
is my piece of evidence. There you have it
all. I give it willingly before the committee
of investigation can ask for it.
But what is the spirit of this amendment?
I have already said that I regretted it for the
sake of the gentleman who had introduced
it. I do not know that I can make myself
intelligible to his mind or to his moral feeling
except in one way: suppose I had introduced
an amendment to this resolution providing
that the committee should inquire also whether
or not all thosetwho had given Mr. Remington
letters of introduction to parties m France had
been actuated by corrupt motives? Does the
Senator know why I did not do it? Because I
considered itinfmitely beneath me. [Applause
in the galleries.}
, Mi-. CONKLING. If the Senator will al-
low me, the Senator from New York has a
very different reason from that for knowing
why the Senator did not introduce it, and' that
reason leads me to inquire of the Senator
whether he means to state or to intimate that
I ever gave Mr. Remington a letter of intro-
duction to France?
And while the Senator is looking for the
material to answer my question, 1 beg leave to
remind him that he saw fit on a recent occa-
sion in this body to assert that I had indorsed
a letter written by the Secretary of War, which
led me to acquaint him with the fact that I
had done no such thing, but had simply ad-
dressed to Mr. Remington himself a note, the
purport of which I stated. If, founding his
remark upon that statement, the Senator
means to say that I gave a note of introduc-
tion to France, as he expresses it, I should be
glad to know that.
Mr. SCHtJRZ. Now let me declare to the
Senator that if he had given to Mr. Remington
a note, and that note were now before me, stat-
ing that he had investigated all his transactions,
and that he would be very glad if the French
Government would settle them, and that he
took great interest in the case, I should not
have been the man to move that amendment
to this resolution.
Mr. CONKLING. Then, Mr. President,
allow me to inquire of the Senator why was he
the man, and the only man, who dragged in
the fact, of no earthly importance, that he had .
been told that I had written a letter to Mr.
Remington, orfor Mr. Remington, or relating I
to Mr. Remington, when he knew, if he knew
anything about it, that the note wafi nothing
but the note of a neighbor addressed to a
neighbor in common justice and fair play.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does not the Senator from
New York remember that when I spoke of
this I repeated time and again, of course this
is nothing but a mere act of neighborly ifriend*
ship, which was perfectly right and proper?
Mr. CONKLING. No, Mr. President, if
the Senator appeals to me, I do not know that,
nor does the Globe show it. I know that the
Senator for some purpose dragged in here the
allegation that I had indorsed the letter of the
Secretary of War, and I know that I acquainted
him with the fact as it was ; and. although I do
not know, I believe that the Senator means,
by his intimation of a moment, ago, to signify
to those who hear him that I wrote for Mr.
Remington a letter of introduction to France,
as he chose to phrase it.
Mr. SCHURZ. I am looking for the words
I used. If the Senator cannot find them in
the Globe, I am sure everybody else can.
Mr. CONKLING. The place in the Globe
where he stated over and over again, as I under-
stood him, the propriety of my act? I should
like, to see that place in the Globe, or hear
something read from it.
Mr. SCHURZ. Here it is:
"Certainly I would not find fault with the Senator
from New York for giving him the letter as an act of
friendship."
Will that do ?
Mr. CONKLING. It will notdo to support
the Senator's allegation, if that is his question,
which was that he stated "over and over
again " that what the Senator from New York
had done was a proper act. Now he reads
from the Globe the condescending statement
that he would find no fault with the Senator
from New York for doing so and so.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator credit me
when I say that I will search up for him the
places in which I spoke of it, not to detain the
Senate any longer by looking at the Globe?
The impression which I wanted to convey to
his mind was simply this: that if his letter had
been couched in language very different from
that which I have now before me, I should
have considered it benfeath myself to throw
out an insinuation of an offensive kind against
him, or even to move an amendment to this
resolution pointedly charging Senators on this
floor wiih improper collusion.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me a moment?
Mr. SCHURZ. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator has chosen
for some purpose of his own to assume that
the amendment is aimed at three persons, and
three alone: himself, his friend from Mas-
sachusetts, and the Marquis de Chambrun.
Without interrupting him at length, I beg to
say to him that 1 have no occasion at alt for
the regret which he expresses on my account
for the introduction of this amendment. He
has promised me his support for it. I assure
him that I shall stand by it, and if after it is
adopted I have any other power over it, I
shall make it instrumental for the purpose for
which it was intended, which is, not to fasten
in any unfriendly spirit upon any or all of the
three persons the Senator has named any
imputation, but to ascertain with regard to all
men, (including those three men, 1 have no
hesitation in saying,) whether in truth by
indirect, illicit, unusual, irregular means this
proceeding has been trumped up or brought
out of that which the statute read yesterday,
and good morals and convenience also, con-
demn as irregular correspondence and com-
munication between American citizens and
foreign agents.
One other word, and I have done. In draw-
ing the amendment I had not the statute
