1872.
THE 0 ON&HESSION-AL GLOB1.
WZ1}
precedent be set, to ask for a public build-
ing there. And if this policy is pushed to its
logical result I may with propriety before long
ask for a navy-yard at Hiram Hill. [Laugh-
ter.] All I ask you is to consider a moment
the tremendous strides this House has takeri
in this matter of public buildings." I haVe said
now all I wished to say on the subject.
Mr. FARWELL. I yield to my colleague
from Illinois, [Mr. HawleY.]
Mr. H AWLEY. It is a little strange, Mr.
Speaker, that the gentleman who has just ad-
dressed the House, the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, should sit here the
■whole morning 
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I had just got
in.
Mr. HAWLEY. That is not my fault. I
say it is a little strange that the gentleman
should sit by or be absent while he regards it
as incumbent upon him to watch these bills so
closely at a time when he knows those bills
were to be reported. This committee was on
call for an hour yesterday, and the gentleman
must have known that they had business of
this kind to bring before the House. But
after the bills for Cincinnati and other places
have passed, he comes in and declares that he
cannot allow money to be taken in this way
from the Treasury. The gentleman allows
bills to pass for buildings which are to cost
from three to five million dollars, but when it
is proposed to construct in a western city a
building that will cost only an aggregate of
$150,000, why then he declares it must be
stopped. It is enormous! It takes so much
from the Treasury that Congress cannot for a
moment submit to it!
Now, this citvof Quincy pays annually more
than half a million dollars into the Treasury
of the United States, and I say that the same
city of Quincy is entitled to receive out of the
public Treasury of the United States a fair
proportion of the money it pays in, as well as
the cities of Hartford, Cincinnati, New York,
Boston, or any others in any section of the
country. And it is not fair now to say that be-
cause that city only numbers thirty-five or forty
thousand people it shall not have any money
expended when it comes here recommended,
as it is, by all the officers of the Government
whose recommendation it is usual to secure in
favor of any public building.
Now, I do not understand that anything has
been said in opposition to this, except that
this city has not, perhaps, so large a popula-
tion as that of some of the other cities that
have been mentioned. But, sir, it would be
impossible to secure Stronger recommenda-
tions than those that have been obtained by
this city. It is recommended by the supervising
architect and by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, was indorsed by the Committee on Appro-
priations during last session, and, as I stated
before, received the votes of more than two
thirds of the members of this House.
Mr. FARWELL. I now yield to my col-
league on the committee, the gentleman from
Virginia", [Mr. Plait.]
Mr. PLATT. In justice to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds, I desire, in
as few words as possible, to answer some of
the remarks made by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations both yesterday and
to-day. And, in the first ^lace, I will ask the
indulgence of the House while I state the policy
which has been adopted by that committee.
Fortunately, or unfortunately, we are not a
committee of lawyers. I believe we are all,
without exception, plain business men, who
look at these matters in a plain,_ business-like
way. Now, I believe that what is good policy
for an individual in his business is good-policy
for an aggregation of individuals in the Gov-
ernment. And I believe that, where the Gov-
ernment of the United States, at points where
it is absolutely necessary th&t public business
should be transacted, is paying twelve or fif-
teen per cent, on the amount of money neces-
sary' to construct buildings affording the necesi
sary accommodation, it is true economy for
the Government of the United States to erect
such suitable buildings as are absolutely re-
quired by the business wants of the commun-
ity, when it caii be done with money which
does not cost the Government more than six
per cent. I believe that would be1 true econ-
omy for an individual and also true eeotiomy
for a Government.
Yesterday the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations, who has antagonized the
Committee on Public Buildings and GrontelS.
from the first time it has attempted to Wring-
any business before the House since its organ-
ization -—*
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. How about th£
first two bills to-day ?
Mr. PLATT. That gentleman said that
if those bills were admitted, they would swell
the aggregate appropriations 6f the present
year by an enormous sum. Now, I ass violat-
ing no confidences of the committee-room,
when I state that all the works up to thft present
time which the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds have agreed to report favorably
aggregate an entire cost limited to $1,650,000.
I would call the attention of the House- to the
fact that it does not necessitate the appropria-
tion of that amount, but that the amount of the
appropriation required this ye&r and next year
will be but a small proportion of the amount
that is to be the total cost. It will probably
amount to $1,650,000, but for this year not
more than $500,000.
Now, the gentleman has called up here, as
an admonition to the members of the present
House, the memory of my respected friend,
Elihu B. Washburae. Now, sir, there is only
one thing against Mr. Washburne, and that is
this, that he originated the name of "watch-
dog of the Treasuryand since he left the
House there have been so many gentlemen
emulous of succeeding him in that title that it
has caused a great deal of opposition to neces-
sary measures.
There were many remarks made yesterday
to which I should like to reply; but I will not
take up the time of the House. I only wish
to say that every bill referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Buildings and Grounds has
received their careful and conscientious con-
sideration ; that we have not reported to the
House any bill that was not in our opinion
necessary for the wants of the Government,
and was not in the line of true economy for
the Government, and where a public building
was needed in the locality. I will simply say,
further, that in my opinion there are no ex-
penditures made by the Government of the
United States that meet with such universal
approbation in the country as appropriations
made for erecting'suitsblei buildings in various'
localities; and I hope that the bill now before
the House for its consideration will pa'ss with-
out further debate.
Mr. HOLMAN. I would'be-glad to ask t&e
gentleman a question; HoWmaih^billJ of this
class does his committee intend to- report?
Mr. PLATT. The gentleman will excuse
me if I do not answer that question. I will
say that I am desirous that each bill Which we
report shall stand npo'n its own merits, and if
we cannot give satisfactory rea*5Ws' Why any
particular building should be erected, we do
not care to press the bill.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. With every word
which the gentleman wife is cfetiribaa of the
Committee on Appropriations has uttered I
entirely agree, excepting, indeed, as to build-
ing a navy-yard at Hiram Hill, for I do not
know where he is going to get a supply of
water from. [Laughter.] But it seems to me
that this bill is one of many that are to come
before this House by which we are to rob the
Treasury of the United States and th# people1
of the motley which is dra'Wn by tSxaticCh fl?bm
them. I am opposed to it. We riiust stdp this-
system somewhere, and I that I am
compelled- to say we should commence just
here. Yesterday I felt disposed to object to
these appropriations', and to-day I see so many
gentlemen on the floor who have similar ones,
to press upon our attention- that I feel it
my duty to enter my protest against them.
The tinlewill come when the country can
afford to put up magnificent public structures-
for the occupation of our public offices, but
that time isjnot now. It is not how, when we
are threatened with a foreign war, and when
we have no Navy worthy of the name, and are
called upon for some fifteen million dollars to
reconstruct or repair it. The country eanHot
afford these expenses. We cannot afford these
structures-. Let us reduce taxation ; let us
come down to thd "hard-pan" of economy
which is so ably urged by the chairmatt of the
Committee oh Appropriations, and then tie
country will be Satisfied'wrth our action, and
we shall be doing justice to diir -constituents-.
Mr. DUKE. I would like to ask-the gen-
tleman how much has been appropriated for
public buildings in-New York?
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I did not vote for
that, and I am not responsible. The only ques-
tion is whether I should vote for these extraor-
dinary appropriations now, which are Vast,
extravagant-, and draining the resources of the
country. For one I shall vote against them.
Mr. GETZ. Did the gentleman vote yes-
terday against the appropriation for building
at Albany 1
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I have-already said
that I thought it was time to commence econ-
omy. [Laughter.]
Mr. HARWELL. I yield now to the gen-
tleman from New York.
Mt. COX. In two minutes I cannot say
verj much. A great many years ago, Mr.
Speaker, in this Congress, members used to
speak by the hour upon appropriations of this
kind, and no billof this character went through
here that was not challenged: but, sir, I think
that unnecessary criticism has been made on
the honorable chairman of the Committee oa
Appropriations. In opposing this bill he is
doing his duty. I do not know what he has
done hitherto, but in following the footsteps
of Elihu B. Washburae he is simply doing
his duty, not as i representative of a locality,
but of the United States. And although we
may vote for local improvements here and
there, as I did for the post office and court-
house building in the city of New York, a
city which represents the whole country, and
as I did yesterday for the public building
at Albany, the capital of the State which I
in part represent, and for the reasons stated
yesterday, there must be a limitation soiiie-
where.
Mr. SARGENT. A limitation to the State
of New York, I suppose.
Mfr. COX. And to the State of California
afeo, I will add. This matter will all be use-
less now; we are but wasting time. These
bills are only preliminary. The appropria-
tions will have to come in in the appropriation
bill, and as1 the last resort they will go to con-
ference committees, and then there will b«
jugglery and bargains and log-rolling, and
everybody interested will be deserting his true
post as a Representative in the Congress of
the United States in order to be merely a local
Representative.
I protest against this bill in regard to a
public building at Quincy, because it will lead
to all sorts of bills in the future, not of public
interest, not-representing large localities; but
representing all kinds of small places; and it
will be wrong in a member of the United State3
Congress to permit the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, [Mr. Garfield,]
who is striving here to do his duty, to be ma-
ligned cm this floor' B&Jause he has been stand-
ing up for the interest's of the Treasury and the
interests of thejfeople. For one, I shall vote
against appropriation and every other of
the kind nofess I shall see some special neces-
