1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3709
lency, E. J. Davis, in declaring martial law in the
manner aforesaid in the counties of Freestone and
Limestone, be, and the same is hereby, disapproved,
as being unnecessary to the ends of public justice,
and uncalled for, as the courts of the counties were
in the unobstructed exercise of their proper juris-
diction, and illegal, as the Legislature was then in
session.   , „ , ,, .
•' Resolved further. That the Governor be, and he is
hereby, requested and instructed to restore civil
authority in said counties, and to withdraw all
armed torces therefrom, and to disband the same,
and that he inlorm this Legislature of the expense
of the same, that action may be had with reference
thereto.
" Resolved further, That thespeaker of the house of
representatives iurnish his Excellency the Governor
with a copy of this resolution."
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. The resolu-
tions just read give a fair and sufficiently full
account of one of the greatest acts of usurpa-
tion, tyranny, and plunder ever perpetrated
upon any people, whether guilty or innocent,
civilized or savage. No allusion is made in
the resolutions to the cause of the excitement
which was made the pretext for martial law.
The reason is obvious. The police were the
instigators of the disturbance, and stood out
in open defiance of the authorities for several
days, surrendering finally on terms of what
character 1 do not know ; but they escaped
from custody or confinement, though in the
bands or under the guard of so large a military
force, and are not only at large untried and
unpunished, but continued on duty in other
portions of the State, as I am informed.
1 express no opinion myself as to the mo-
tives which actuated Governor Davis in prose-
cuting such h ruthless war against an unoffend-
ing community, buti must say it is the current
belief that s-ome of his subordinates, if not
himself, were actuated by improper motives.
Judge Oliver, who was his lieutenant in that
judicial district under his election order, and
clothed with almost supreme power, at the
head of a number of county officials who had
been recently appointed for the occasion, and
other supporters of General Clark, the Repub-
lican candidate, were openly charged before
and since with a determination to neutral-
ize the vote of Limestone county, which it
was known would be largely in favor of the
Democratic candidate. The unfair and vio-
lent manner in which the candidate of the
Republican party had been nominated, against
the wishes of a very large portion of the col-
ored voters of the district, strengthened the
general belief in the unfairness of his friends,
who insisted upon the declaiation of martial
law when they knew there existed no necessity
for such extreme measures, however ignorant
the Governor may have been of the true con-
dition of affairs. •
Many were uncharitable enough to believe
that one object in putting the two counties
under military government was to raise money
for the payment of arrears due to a large and
demoralized police force. That force and the
State guard had been without pay for, a long
time, and the State treasury was empty. It
was, at any rate, a streak of fortune for them.
They had a rich harvest for several weeks, and
left with their pockets well filled.
The levy of three per cent, was in addition
to theStateand county tax of two and a quarter
pei cent, upon the property of the county. The
full amount, i believe, was not collected, but
a very large portion of it was, and if the Legis-
lature had not interposed in behalf of the
people every farthing of the levy would have
been exacted. So sharp were the officers that
where purchasers would not bid on landed
property, because they could not remove it,
and few had any confidence in the legality of
the sale, imprisonment was resorted to in
the absence of personal property to satisfy the
demand, and parties were held until the money
was paid, in one case at least, the brother
of an absent delinquent was_ incarcerated to
compel him, after having paid his own tax,
to pay his brother's also The county is almost
broken up, and will be many years in recover-
ing its former prosperity.
These and such as these are the men who
will have access to the President. What they
are capable of doing we have seen when their
passions or interests move them. The propo-
sition confided to the President to exercise
so dangerous a power as that of suspending
the habeas corpus will be practically placed
in their reach and discretion, because the
Executive will most likely act upon their re-
port of the necessity for the exercise of the
power. When parties under indictment in the
United States courts can upon application have
the President remove the officers of the court
in which their cases are pending, it is difficult
to fix any limit to his disposition to accommo-
date his friends. Governor Davis, of Texas,
has demanded the removal of the district at-
torney and marshal of the western district of
Texas ; one of them has already been removed,
and the other will be.
My colleague, in reply to the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Tiiumbull,] the other day said:
'* Surely I know something about the difficulty
that the Senator alludes to. He has presented to us
the report of the committee of the other House. I
raise no issue as to the correctness of that report,
though I might well do so in some instances ; but it
is not my purpose to do that. I may safely say that
it is an ex parte report; it is only one side of the
question. That X say in my place; and if the facts
were all known, the report would be different,
or there would be one that would clear up this mat-
ter to a great extent.
I wonder, Mr. President, why some effort
was not made to collect and lay the facts
before the proper committee of the House,
or before the country, if the committee would
not notice them. Surely the matter was and
still is well worth clearing up ; and those
acquainted with the gentleman returned by
the Governor of Texas from the third district
of that State to the Forty-Second Congress
believe he would not have yielded his seat if
testimony could have been procured of the
character indicated by my colleague. Ample
time was given the sitting member to procure
testimony to sustain the statements made in
answer to the charges of the contestant. He
and his friends had made extravagant decla-
rations in respect to the amount and character
of evidence which would be forthcoming at
the proper time touching the lawlessness and
intimidation which it was alleged resulted in
his defeat at the polls. Here is a specimen,
which appeared in the National Republican
newspaper of this place, about the assembling
of Congress in December last:
" The Situation in Texas.—General W. T. Clark,
member of Congress elect from Texas; Colonel N.
Patton, collector of the port ol Galveston, and Hon-
J. P. Newcomb, secretary of State, have arrived
in this city.
"Kecent and trustworthy advices from that btate
fully confirm the accounts of violence, fraud and
terrorism in the late election which we have hitherto
printed. The peopleof the North have been slow to
believe that such villainy and outrage as lately dis-
graced that State could have been perpetrated in
any portion of the country, but the undeniable evi-
dence is forthcoming and will soon be publi&heu.
An alarming condition ol affairs at present exists m
that State, which may ultimately call for very strin-
gent measures on the part of the Government.
These statements were fully credited by
many persons here and throughout the North
and West. Where is the evidence?
The Committee of Elections of the House
waited reasonably long for some testimony
from the district where these terrible outrages
wrought so much mischief to the fortunes of
the sitting member. The fact is, Mr. Pres-
ident, these and like statements were put out
early and kept before the country to bolster
up the baseless claim of General Clark to a
seat in the House, and he, together with all his
adherents, expected the House to keep him in
on these statements unsupported by testimony
because be was a Republican. Now that he
has retired to his home ill the East some-
where, we shall probably hear less of intimid-
ation and lawlessness in the third congres-
sional district of Texas.
1 do not insist that profound peace, quiet,
and good order reigus throughout the State;
such conditions hardly obtain anywhere in the
country now; but I assert that the worst char
actera there known to me are now acting with
the Republican party, or have been employed
on the police force or otherwise, and that
more disturbances of the public peace and out-
rages have been committed by them, either
under instructions or in defiance thereof and
of law. within the past eighteen months, than
by the whole population besides.
My colleague on the occasion before alluded
to spoke thus of the conduct of the State,
police during the election in October last:
"I traveled through the State directly afterward;
the police were appropriated by the rebel spirit,
aud instead of protecting the ballot-box in its
purity they were used. X have a report in a paper
or two in my trunk that I have carried with me
going to show that rebel newspapers were speaking
in praise of the police, saying how well they had
conducted themselves, particularly after they had
suffered themselves to be appropriated and made
the tools of the party that was in opposition to the
Federal and State governments."
Touching the fidelity or infidelity of the
police, I know not how it was in my colleague's
section of country or generally over the State,
but if his estimate of their character be correct,
I submit the Governor ought to be advised to
disband the force as a public nuisance; and I
will not dispute the accuracy of the statement,
because the whites among them, who are the
controlling element, though fewer in numbers
than the colored, were recruited, as before
stated, from the most abandoned portion of
the population, and because they commended
themselves to the authorities by loudly shout-
ing for the cause, finding that the road to ready
preferment. One need not be surprised, there-
fore, to find them on the make" wherever a
maiket for their services can be found. As to
the employment of the force by the authorities
in elections for the purpose of unduly or fraud-
ulently controlling the result, I know nothing
personally, and have not so charged, nor do I
know of the Opposition having purchased or
used them for such a purpose; but I think it
will not be denied by any one at all acquainted
with the history of the last campaign that the
police force was made to figure couspicuousjy
in many places and on sundry occasions in
primary meetings and county and district con-
ventions. Then no one within the limits of the
State at the time can have forgotten the Gov-
ernor's celebrated election order, which prac-
tically put the whole country under military
government during the fourteen or fifteen days
coveting the'period of registration and elec-
tion. 1 he electors throughout the State were
notified that they could vote, but were ordered
when they had deposited their ballots to depart
at once for their respective homes and resume
their accustomed employment; and the police,
both regular and special, on duty were strictly
charged to see that this order was obeyed to
the letter, and any aud all persons found stand-
ing on the streets in groups of three or more
were ordered to be arrested, without warrant
or other process, as conspirators against the
peace of the country. It is true, I think, that
this absurd and mischievous order was not
very rigidly enforced; but it was well calcu-
lated, as it appeared intended, to provoke dis-
tuibances. it the foibearance ol the police to
arrest the careless or contumacious who might
have been tound, certainly almost everywhere,
offending against the order was what my col-
league considered an appropriation of the force
by the rebel spirit, then probably he was cor-
rect.
Referring again to the employment of the
police and other State troops in political work
on the occasion of selecting delegates to' the
district convention in my own county last
summer, after assisting in organizing the meet-
ing on the first day on the basis of the national
platform simply, the minority, being in_ favor
of having the Governor's measures of State
policy indorsed at headquarters, protracted
the meeting into the night, when it was ad-
journed to a day in the next week. Upon
the hall was found to be in posses-
