mio
THE COJ^GBBSSIQlfAL GLOBE.
May 21,
sirip. of § pommtiy of trpaps ijndeE pruifj Mid
$e orders qf |Ke (xpyernor, v?ho fesid placed
ihem tbej-e with instructions tp occupy
8,nd hold the room- The troops ponstituted
tftp majority of Weting, wbiGh was con-
ducted by a ff?F gentlemen ip foe publip ser-
vice at foft'seat qf government, inciting the
Gfpvernor, who it) |q,pt the commander-in-
chief of the military, The rpeeting was reor-
ganized and suitable resolutions, indorsing all
the measures of {be State administration,
which were then working the destruction of
the party, adopted unanimously, and prpper
delegates appointed fo represent the Governor
at the convention. All this was accomplished
by three or four ijon-residepfs of the county
aided by State troops, to the exclusion of the
bona fide residents of the county. That was
perhaps above an average pf the triumphs
which the p^rty achieved during the cam-
paign, bat it was only so in degree not in
kind.
Now, these are s^all matters, some may
think, to bring before the Senate, but inas-
much as our liberties rest upon them they
are worthy of the attention of Senators.
The election in Texas last fall was as quiet
as any I haye ever known in the Stale, with
the exception of the counties of Limestone
and Freestone and the neighborhood of my
colleague. Perhaps it was exceptionally so
on account of the extreme difficulty felt by
every one of passing through the ordeal with-
out affording to the authorities some pretext
for closing the polls or throwing out whole
boxes where the majority was expected or
known to be against the Administration. Feel-
ing absolute confidence in the success of their
candidates, provided the votes could be re-
ceived and counted, the Opposition were on
their guard during the days of registration
and election. And I anticipate a peaceable
election neaft Noyembev, unless by State or
Federal interference the people shall be de-
prived of the yery few r'ghta and privileges
which on such occasions remain to them
under the laws of the State. There is every
inducement fpr them to act with circumspec-
tion and manliness. The stake at issue is the
reformation of the administration of the gov-
ernments, State and national, and the people
will bear a great deal to accomplish so much.
Jf the bill under consideration shall become
a law, it may, under rash councils, prove a
calamity, though one may be permitted to
hope whatever ills or disasters it may be made
the instrument of inflicting upon us will fall
upon the Administration and not upon the
nation.
In conclusion I ask the Clerk to read from
the Houstou Union newspaper, of Texas, which
I send to the desk. It is the chief organ of
the Republican party in Texas, and is edited
by the chairman of the Siate executive com-
mittee. It is the advice of the chairman to
the State convention just on the eve of meeting
to select delegates to the Philadelphia con-
vention, and fairly states the condition of the
party in that State.
The phief Clerk read as follows:
"v4.;i Appeal for Itepublican Success.—On the eve
of the Republican State convention, wo feel deeply
impressed that a few plain words, piercing and prob-
ing the sore point of the situation, arc demanded
from the Union.
" l'he problem of the success of the party in Texas
is contained in these two questions:
" Shall the party, from Henceforth, be managed as
a close corporation, in the interest of a sm.ill privi-
leged class, who have already had their day of rule,
and who have, from fault or misfortune, or both,
made it impossible for the party to succeed under
their leadership in the future? Or, on the other
hand, shall the party be placed upon the platform
of the principles of the national Republican party,
and offered to the people of Texas, upon its own
essential merits, for their acceptance and support,
under the leadership of new men, taken at large
from the Republican citizenship of the State, and
more especially from the 'old Union men ?'
" To ask the question is to answer it. Every man
of common sense, who is disinterested, knows, as
well as he knows'his right hand from his left, that if
the Republican party is conducted under unae-
eej> tableieaders, and according to the programme, .of
a close corporation, as charged, (whether truthfully
or not,) if will hp oyfirwhelmmgly and disastrously
defeated. * .
" And' every intelligent man in the btate, HepuD-
liean or Democrat, knows that if the Republican
party, representing flnly thp essential principles or
Republicanism, unembarrassed by distasteful local
issues, and unburdened with distasteful leaders, pe
offered to'the people of Texas, it will ba sustained
^^'^h^malorfty^oFthe people of Texas are willing,
nay, they are anxious, to accept, to support, and to
■vote for the national Republican party; but they
are not willing to follow, to indorse, and to support
many men in Texas who have been considered Re-
publican leaders, nor are they willing by their votes
to indorse their previous course in all respects.
" Shall we drive these people aw from the
regular Republican party, into theisms of (irociey,
or back into the camp of the hopelessly unredeem-
able Democracy? Isthatman asincere, amyalRe-
publicnn who js not willing that Republicanism shall
succeed in' Texas unless he ean make it the means
of the success of his'own individual aspirations ? '
" The question is not one of principle: it is simply
a question of men and of leadership. We declare
that most of the men to whom we refer are old,
stanch, hard-working, long-suffering, well-deserv-
ing Republicans. We are their friends, we make
no war upon tfiem- We only wish to make thom see
that if they pursue the course they are now pur-
suing they ruin both the party and themselves;
whereas if they pursue the course we reco}n|Jiend
they will make both the party and themselves. The
most unpopular public man jp the Republican Rarty
of Texas, should he now patriotically step out of the
way for the sake of Republican success, will be
hailed as a patriot and a wise man hereafter,.not
only by the present members of the Republican
party, but also by those who will com® to us ill con-
sequence of his action, although he is now distaste-
ful to them. .
"The Union has notbipg in view in all this but
the success ot' Republicanism in Texas. We are dis-
interested. The proof is, that the proprietors, the
editors, and nearly all the immediate friends and
supporters of the Union, are included in that class
of Republican leaders who, as we think, ought to
take back scats, for the sake of the success of Repub-
licanism in Texas. We do not a*<k others to do what
we are not willing to do ourselves. Certain well-
known men in Texas have, as Republican leaders,
made enemies or excited opposition, both in and
out of the Republican party. Let not such men bo
forced upon the people to the hurt pf Republican-
ism.
"On the other hand, let the 'old Union men,
who have been overlooked and neglected, come to
the front, and take the )ea4, arid the people will
follow them. Let those of us who have been officers
commanding columns, doff our uniforms .and lay
aside our swords, and take our places as privates in
the ranks.
"If this course shall be adopted, the Republican
party will carry the State for Grant in "November by
an overwhelming majority. This is the general opin-
ion of the Sta^e, even of our enemies. Thiseourseis
the only thing our enemies fear at this convention."
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. If this advice
had been acted upou two years ago the Repub-
lican party in Texas would not to day be in the
plight so graphically described by the Union.
Rut the invitation cornea too late. The old
Union men and early Republicans, after being
for two years excluded fn ua the councils of
the party, because they refused to aid in or
sanction the plundering schemes which have
been the chief business of the administration
since its inauguration, and which will make it
forever memorable, went to Cincinnati for
relief from a Government which had become
too intolerable to be borne longer in silence.
Mr. T1IURMAN next, addressed the Senate.
Having spoken until twelve o'clock, midnight,
Mr. FENTON. Will my friend from Ohio
give way till I make a suggestion?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. FENTON. It is late, and it is evident
we shall not get through with this bill, if we
attempt to do so to-night, until a very late hour.
I would ask whether it may not be agreeable
to the Senate to come to an understanding
that we take the vote to-morrow at some hour,
say three or four o'clock, and let the Senator
from Ohio finish his speech to-morrow, and
the Senate adjourn now. I suggest that we
reach an understanding, if we can, that the
vote be taken to-morrow at three o'clock.
Mr. THURMAN. Say five.
Mr. SCOTT. The Senator from New York
will remember that there is an order entered
upon the Journal of the Senate that we shall
close the discussion of this bill and vote upon
it on Tuesday without adjournment. I have
no objection if the Senate can come to a con-
elusion tbat we vote, spending no further time
Upon it, finally tp-mprrpw at o'clock,
after the mornipg hour. I am willing tQ make
tbat arrangement.
Mr. THURMAN. That you qannot dQ>
because there are several who want to speak.
Mr. STEVENSON. There are half a ^ozep.
Tvhg wish to fspeak. Tuesday is pasit jjpw, I
believe.
Mr. SCOTT. Not as a parliamentary dfty.
It continues until eleven o'clock to-iqprrow.
But if an understanding can he arrived at
unanimously that, we shall -?pte at twelve
o'clock to morrow, very well.
Mr. FENTON. I think it would be better
to say a little later than that.
Mr. SCOTT. If there are a number of
speeches to be made, as is suggested, the
speeches might still be made if the Senate
remained in session with the understanding
that the voting should take place at the hour
named.
Mr. FENTON. My object in making this
suggestion is that there may be some under-
standing reached, that Senators, if they do not
want to remain all night here, may retire to
their homes. It is suggested by my friend
from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] that we
agree on three o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. The under-
standing was that this bill was to be closed
to-day at this sitting. If a vote could be taken
to-morrow at twelve o'clock that would be
eqivalent to closing it to-day.
Mr. FENTON. It could hardly be done so
soon. If we adjourn until to-morrow, I sup-
pose by common consent the understanding
which has been reached heretofore would not
be violated. I hope there may be an agree-
ment that we shall vote upon this bill to-mor-
row at two or three o'clock. If three o'clock
is deemed too late by Senators, let us say two
o'clock.
Mr. CONKLING. I suggest that if we can
have an agreement without loss of time to vote
at twelve o'clock to-morrow, Senators who
wish to address the Senate to-night will be
subjected to 110 added inconvenience; others
who do not wish to address the Senate need
not wait; but unless we can have an agree-
ment to have it now I think we had better
have the regular order. We are not progress-
ing at all, but 1 fear wasting time.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not feel $t liberty
after speaking on the bill to undertake to limit
anybody else.
[The honorable Senator resumed and con-
cluded his speech, which will be published
in the Appendix.]
Mr. FENTON. Mr. President, I have lis-
tened to most of these speeches with very
great interest; but I am weary and want to
get away. I have no doubt my feeling is the
teeling of a majority of the Senate. If the
Senate is now ready to come to a vote on the
bill I will not make the motion which I other-
wise rose to make. If there are no further
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Ferby,
of Michigan, in the chair.) The Senator
from South Carolina [Mr. Robertson] has
risen to speak.
Mr. FENTON. Does the Senator from
South Carolina wish to address the Senate?
Mr. ROBERTSON. I will hear any prop-
osition the honorable Senator has to make.
Mr. FENTON. I will not interfere with
the Senator from South Carolina if he wishes
to speak; but my purpose was, if we could
test the sense of the Senate upon this bill, to
move to lay it upon the table. I will not
make the motion, however, if it will interfere
with the Senator from South Carolina.
Mr. ROBERTSON. I prefer to go on.
Mr. FENTON. Very well.
Mr. ROBERTSON.' Mr. President, last
spring I voted against the passage of the bill
known as the Ku Klux bill, which gave to the
President of the United States the authority
