2814
.THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Department,
Washington, August 2,1871.
Opinion of the Secretary of Ihe Treasury in the matter
of the claim of the State of Kentucky for reimburse-
ment of the sum of 6525,258 72 paid to State
for services rendered during the years 1863,1864,1865,
and 1866.
This claim was filed in 1866, and it is made under
the provisions of an act to indemnify the States ior
expenses incurred by them in defense of the united
States, approved July 27,1861.
Secretary Chase, when providing for theexecution
of this act, prescribed a series of rules, the second ot
which is in these words:
" It is only for expenditures on account of troops,
officers, or men that have been, or may be, mustered
and received into, or actually employed in, the ser-
vice of the United States, that reimbursements will
be made. , . , . i
"Organizations raised,or attempted to be raised,
but not mustered and received into or actually
employed in theservice, willnotberecognized. Nor
■will any reimbursement be made by the United
States of expenses incurred in organizing, equip-
ping, and maintaining troops for State purposes, or
home guards, whether called out by State or other
local authority, unless such troops were called out
and such expenditures incurred at the requestor
under the authority of the President or the Secretary
of War."
It is not contended that the troops for whom reim-
bursement is asked were ever mustered into the
service of the United States, nor is it contended that
they were called out at the request or under the
authority of the President or the Secretary of War.
Upon these facts the rule quoted is a bar to the
claim.
It is, however, sought to bring the claim within
the rule, and in support of this effort special refer-
ence is made to the certificate of General Sherman,
the communication of General Vincent, and the ap-
proval of the Secretary of War. The certificate of
General Sherman is as follows:
Washington, D. 0., JuneS0,1871.
I certify that prior to beginning the Atlanta cam-
paign 1 sent for Governor Bramlctto, of Kentucky,
tocomo to mo in Nashville, and in May or April,
186-1, rovealed to him tho plans and purposes of the
campaign, and that 1 expected him, as the Execu-
tive of Kentucky,to guard and protect our lines of
supply, all ot which came through Kentucky, and
to guard against raidsorinvaaions Iromeast or west.
lie expressed his perfect willingness to do so, and on
tho whole our lines were protected and our success
was thereby oncouraged and insured. My route, as
is well known, was to Savannah, Georgia, and theneo
to Washington, District, ot Columbia, so that I did
not again see Governor liramlette till the war was
over, and I was never able to ascertain how or in
what manner ho disposed of his State militia to the
end proposod, but 1 do regard his efforts as merito-
rious to the cause of tho United States in a high
degl'ou' W. T. SHERMAN, General.
General* Thomas M. Vincent, assistant adjutant
general United States Army, in his communication
dated June 130,1871, alter enumerating v.mousdocu-
ments filed in the caso, rocommcnds " that tho troops
bo rccognized as having boon actually employed in
tho service ot the United States, that recognition
being deemed necessary by tho Treasury Depart-
ment in order that tho claim may be allowed under
act of July 27,1871, to indemnify tho States for ex-
penses incurred by them in defense of the United
Statos."
On tho same day tho recommendation of General
Vincent is approved without comment by the Sec-
rotary of War.
The claimants offer as a precedent the order of
Secretary Stanton of July 9, 1867, whereby he recog-
nized certain troops who had beon called into ser-
vice in tho State ot Kentucky in 1861.
There is, however, a manifest difference between
the two cases. The troops whoso services were rocog-
nized by Secretary Stanton wero called into the ser-
vice of the United Statos by General Nelson, who
was then an officer of the United States, command-
ing under the President, and subject to the direc-
tions of the Secretary of War.
Upon a well understood principle, it was com-
petent for the Secretary of War, or the President, to
recognize these troops as having been called into
service by proper authority, although neither the
President nor the Secretary of War knew of the call
until after it was made.
The order of Secretary Stanton was specific; it
met the points at issuo, and placed the troops called
out by General Nelson within the second rule of
Secretary Chase, before quoted. It is as follows:
War Department, July 9,1867.
It appears from official reports of Major General
George H. Thomas that on the 15th of September
1861, the home guards had been called out by Gen-
eral Nelson, and were.then in the actual employment
of the United States, and on duty as troops of the
United States, and were continued on duty, and were
employed by General Thomas. There appears to be
in tho War Department no written or official evi-
dence of authority granted by the President or Sec-
retary of War, General Cameron, to General Nelson,
for calling out these troops. But the legal presump-
tion is (under the special circumstances then ex-
isting) that proper authority vras given.
This Department is therefore of opinion that the
home guards mentioned were actually employed in
the service of the United States under proper and
legal authority, and should be regarded as such by
the accounting officers
Secretary of War.
In the case under consideration the troops weie
not called into service by the authority of the Pres-
ident, or of the Secretary of War, or by any officer
of the regular or volunteer Army of the United
States; but they were in the service of the btate
of Kentucky by State authority, under officers ap-
pointed by the State, and, as far as is shown by the
evidence, they were never attached to the com-
mand of any officer of the Army of the United States.
It appears to be true, as stated by Governor
Bramlette, and by General Lindsey, the adjutant
general of Kentucky, that during the period men-
tioned the troops acted in concert with the United
States forces, and regarded the orders of the united
States officers. „ _ , _
General Lindsey, in his affidavit of July 12, lb<U,
says that " the troops referred to werO directed in
every way to cooperate with the United States
troops, and to obey and carry out all orders and
instructions given to them by United States officers/'
A considerable portion of the service for which
reimbursement is asked was performed after the
surrender of Lee and Johnston, and the mustering
out of the troops was by State authority, and at
various times, from the 10th of January, 1865, until
the 23d of October of the same year.
Adjutant General Lindsey says "that they were
kept in service until those dates, owing to the unset-
tled condition of the country, and the presence of
armed bands of guerrillas, 'bushwhackers,' and other
outlaws; that the service of said troops until mus-
tered out, was regarded as essential to the peace
and safety of the State, and they were mustered out
of service as early as it was considered prudent to
disband them."
The act of July 27,1861, has received a legislative
construction by the act approved July 17, 1862, (12
Statutes, page<300,) entitled "An act to allow and pay
to the State ot Missouri the amount of money ex-
pended by said State in the arming and paying of
troops employed in the suppression of insurrection
against the laws of the United States."
In that act provision is made for an allowance
to the State ot Missouri^ "for ail sums of money
expended by said State in tho arming, equipping,
subsisting, and paying of troops organized under the
ordinances of the convention of said State, passed
during tho year 1861 and employed in concert with
the Federal authorities in suppressing insurrection
against the United States and enforcing the laws
thereof." An act approved ApriU7,1866,(14 Statutes,
page 38,) entitled " An act to reimburse the State of
Missouri for moneys expended for the United States
m enrolling, equipping, and provisioning militia
forces to aid in suppressing the rebellion," author-
izes tho commissioners appointed " to ascertain the
amount of money expended by the State of Mis-
souri," * * ' "allowing only for dis-
bursements made and'amounts assumed by the State
for enrolling, equipping, subsisting, and paying such
troops as were called into service by the Governor
at the request of the United States department com-
mander commanding the district in which Missouri
may, at the time, have been included."
The first statute referred to proceeds upon the
theory that State troops employed to act m con-
cert with the United States troops could not be
paid under the act of July 27,1861; and the statute
of April 17,1866, is equivalent to a declaration that
troops called into the service by the Governor,
though at the request of the United States depart-
ment commander, could not be recognized under
the act of July 27,1861.
The propriety and legality of the rules made by
Secretary Chase have thus been recognized and
affirmed by subsequent legislation.
General Hewitt, agent for the State of Kentucky,
in his written argument filed in the case, admits
that tho Secretary of the Treasury, in recognizing
tho claim, must declare in effect that the second
rule of Secretary Chase, already quoted, is invalid,
as being contrary to law.
General Hewitt, referring to the second rule, uses
this language: "the Treasury Department could
make no rule to limit or restrict the operation of
this act, by requiring evidence of the performance
of other conditions/'
The second rule adopted under it must be con-
strued by it; and, if repugnant to it, the law pre-
vails.
The first clause of the rule conformed to the law.
It authorizes the payment of expenditures on ac-
count of troops " actually " employed in the service
ot the United States, but the last clause does not*
for nothing in the law requires that the troops
should have been called out and the expenditures
incurred at the request or under authority of the
President or Secretary of War.
I agree that the claims cannot be paid if the sec-
ond rule referred to is observed by the Secretary of
the Treasury; but I do not admit that the rule in
question was contrary to law, or that it limited un-
reasonably the scope of the statute.
There are, however, two other sufficient answers
to the suggestion, one is that the present Secretary
of the Treasury would not be justified in setting
aside a rule of his predecessor unless the reasons
requiring it are imperative; and secondly, the rules
were prepared and made known to the country be-
fore any considerable expenses were incurred by the
several States, and long before the expenses were
incurred which are the basis of the claim under
consideration. ,, .
The State of Kentucky, therefore, in common with
other States, had knowledge ot the rules by which
the Department would be governed in passing upon
such claims as might be presented for the servicos
of troops employed in suppressing the insurrection.
These considerations, taken m connection with
the fact that Congress on two occasions has given a
legislative construction to the act of 1861 consistent
with the rules then established by Secretary Chase,
leave no ground on which this claim can be paid
without the specific authority of Congress.
It is also suggested in the argument of General
Hewitt that, inasmuch as the claim has been passed
by tho accounting officers, the Secretary of the
Treasury has no discretion in the matter, and that
it is his duty to sign the warrant and allow pay-
ment to be made, whether or not such payment is
approved by his own judgment.
This theory of the duty of the Secretary of tho
Treasury cannot be admitted. Every Secretary of
tho Treasure, as far as 1 am informed, has practically
recognized it to be his duty to pass upon all claims
as far as they are brought to his notice; and in no
instance in the history of the Government has this
power on the part of the Secretary of the Treasury
been waived.
Such is my conviction of the necessity for its occa-
sional exercise that I shall do nothing calculated
to impair the authority of the Department in this
particular. " A * * *
After careful consideration, I am of opinion that
the act of July 27,1861, does not authorize the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to pay the claim of the State
of Kentucky.
GEO. S. BOUTWELL,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. SAWYER. I have very little to add
to what has been read as the opinion of
the Secretary of the Treasury on this point.
It is seen that it is held by the Secretary of the
Treasury that while these troops when they
were first employed were employed to protect
the rear of General Sherman's army, during
a considerable portion of the time for which
the accounts were made up to the accounting
officers of the Treasury Department, they were
actually employed in doing police duty for llie
State of Kentucky; thev were not guarding
the rear of General Sherman's army, and
indeed there was no need of these State troops
lor the purposes of the United States in the
prosecution of the war, but they were needed
simply to keep quiet in the State of Kentucky—
a legitimate subject of expense to the State of
Kentucky, and not chargeable to the United '
States.
Now, in view of the fact that the account as
made up by the War Department hitherto and
by the accounting officers of the Treasury De-
partment included the entire period of their
service until they were mustered out by State
authority, some of them as late as October,
I860, it is alleged that the payment of $525,-
258 72 is more than is actually due and more
than the United States is bound to pay under
the law3 governing the subject. With this view
the amendment is proposed which will open
the subject, cause it to be reexamined by com-
petent persons, and ascertained for how large
a part, of this sum the United States is in equity
and by the lawindebted to the Commonwealth
of Kentucky. The object of the amendment
is simply this, and nothing more:- it is to do
justice to Kentucky under the law of July 27,
1801, and in accordance with the law which
was passed on this subject on the 17th of April,
1866, in regard to the State of Missouri;
whereas it is claimed that if this full amount
was paid, more would be granted for services
rendered to the State of Kentucky than to other
States in like circumstances. 1 trust that if
we do anything with the amendment of the
Senator from Kentucky it will be to substitute
for it the amendment which I have offered,
which is carefully drawn with a view to the
circumstances of the case, and to ascertain
what is justly and equitably due, and then
adopt that if we do not decide to table the
original proposition.
Mr. MORTON, If there is to be no appro-
priation made, but simply provision made for
™e appointment of a commission to examine
the Kentucky claims, I think that provision has
110 place on this bill, and should not be put
