1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1919
A bill has been introduced to revive the
navigation and commercial interests of the
United States, and among the remedies pro-
posed is to allow to ship builders a rebate of
the duties on foreign material used in ship-
building ; and where American material is
used, to pay the ship-builder a bounty equal
to the duty on similar foreign material. This
is quite a concession that higli duties are
weighing down ship-building, and that the
way to its revival is to take off the duties;
also, that the tariff causes an advance in the
price of American material equal to the duty
on foreign material; and further, that duties
on foreign articles, as weli as the correspond-
ing advance on domestic, are paid by the
consumer.
the fathers.
The fathers of the Republic are given as
authority for high duties, and the report on
manufactories made by Alexander Hamilton,
Secretary of the Treasury under Washington,
to the House of Representatives, December 5,
1791, is often cited. That report proves that
he never contemplated such a tariff as we now
have. He recommended but slight dudes on
a few articles to aid manufactories at their
commencement—ten per cent, upon all manu-
factures of iron ; seven and a half to ten per
cent, on manufactures of tin, pewter, copper,
and brass; and he expressed a doubt whether
there should be any duty on iron in pigs or bars.
He expected the manufactories would be on
such a basis that they could make goods to
sell to other countries, and he cannot be
quoted as authority for rates of duties which
so increase the cost of manufacturing as to
destroy the foreign trade. In treating of the
benefits to accrue to this country by the estab-
lishment of manufactories, he says in that
report:
" Another circumstance which gives a superiority
of commercial advantages to States that manufac-
ture as welt as cultivate, consists m the more num-
erous attractions whicli a more diversified market
otiers to foreign customers, and in the greater scope
which it affords to mercantile enterprise. It is a
position of indisputable trutn m commerce, depend-
ing, too, on very obvious reasons, that the greatest
resort will ever be to those marts where commodi-
ties, while equally abundant, are most various."
He anticipated that the ships of other na-
tions would resort to the marts in America to
lade with manufactures, as well as with agri-
cultural products. He had no thought of a
tariff which would operate to prevent export-
ation.
wages.
A frequent argument in favor of high duties
is that they are to benefit the laborer and to
prevent American labor from being brought
to the level of what is termed the pauper labor
of Europe. We are informed through various
sources that the greater skill of the American
laborers, and the improved processes of man-
ufacturing in this country, are such as to per-
mit of the payment of the increased wages
which American laborers receive. This was
proven by several witnesses before the com-
mittee of the last Congress on the causes of
reduction of American tonnage. The per cent,
of labor in the cost of manufactures is small,
and it does not require much progress in
improved machinery to compensate for quite
an increased per cent, in the price of labor.
Neither is there as much difference as is
many times supposed between wages of em-
ployes in manufactories in this country and in
Englaud. The chief of the Bureau of Statis-
tics, in a pamphlet entitled "The Cost ofLabor
and Subsistence in the United States foi the
Year 1869 as compared with Previous Years,"
has given some tables comparing wages in
this country and iu England, in which he
shows that the wages in woolen mills are
twenty-lour and thirty six hundredths, and
in cotton mills thirty-three per cent, greater in
the United States than in England. This would
have but a trifling effect on the cost of the arti-
cles produced, it shows, however, that while
the proprietors of cotton-mills pay their
laborers but thirty-three per cent, above Eng-
lish wages, they charge them as well as all
other laborers in this country for goods much
more than thirty three per cent, above what
the Englishman charges his laborers and the
people of his country; and that the woolen
manufacturer in America, while receiving
from his- employ6s and the rest of the people
fifty to one hundred per cent, above English
prices, pays his laborers less than twenty-five
per cent, in excess of the English wages.
It is well known, too, that in consequence
of the increased cost of living under the high
duties of this country, all wages, incomes, and
salaries are becoming inadequate, and every
man is seeking to have his pay advanced, that
he may keep up with his increased expenses.
Hills are introduced in Congress to increase
the pay of Government officials on the ground
th-at they cannot live on salaries which hereto-
fore were ample. The laborer, we are toll.
find3 his wages to avail less in the support of
his family than formerly, under a low tariff.
It will be seen that those articles which this
country is able to export are such as require
much labor in their production, while, as to
other articles, where the cost is more in material
and less in labor, the price is too high to admit
of exportations. During the last fiscal year
there were exported, of agricultural imple-
ments to the value of $1,070,946, of sewing-
machines, $1-898,864, and of steel cutlery and
other manufactures of steel, $725,633.
what is paid, and by whom.
The people are sometimes assured that it is
a matter of indifference to them how high the
duties may be, and that they only affect the
importer. This theory is not accepted in busi-
ness transactions, liecently a bill passed this
House to relieve citizens of Chicago who might
use foreign material, by repaying to them the
duties on the same. Why should this be if the
duties are not included in the prices which are
paid by the consumer? The ship-builders,-
understanding that if they use imported mate-
rial they must pay the duties in addition to the
original cost, also ask that these duties be re-
bated tothem. Manufacturers understand that
when a duty is placed on a foreign article it
generally enables them to advance, to the
amount of the duty, the price of like articles
made by them.
After the act of July 1, 1862, had been
enacted for an assessment of taxes on manu-
factures from August 1, 1862, another act was
passed to take effect concurrently with that
increasing the duties on similar imported arti-
cles, with the avowed purposes of compen-
saiing the manufacturers for the direct taxes
they- would have to pay. When this tariff bill
was under consideration the following colloquy
took place:
" Mr. Siiellabatcger. I rise to make an inquiry
of the chairman, or some member of the Committee
of Ways and Means, as to the correspondence be-
tween the additional duties assessed on the articles
named in this section and the tax we have put upon
them by the tax bill. I would inquire whether the
increased duty is larger in any considerable number
of cases than the tax that we have imposed ? This
bill has only just been laid upon our tables, and wo
have not had an opportunity to compare it with the
tax bill. Of course we cannot, by recollection, recall
the relation of these bills to each other.
" Mr. Stevens. Does the gentleman refer to this
particular section, or to the entire bill ?
"Mr. Suellaearger. To the manufactures of
iron.
" Mr. Stevens. The general principle adopted is
the one that was mentioned by us when the tax bill
was under consideration. We have laid the addi-
tional duty as nearly as possible at the same rate as
the tax, except in some cases where it was neces-
sary to correct errors in the present tariff."
Let us see what principle was mentioned
when the tax bill was under consideration.
Mr. Morrill, who was chairman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, in speaking of this
tax bill, said:
"If manufactories in the history of our Govern-
ment have been fostered, they are now the strongest
pillars of our support. A burden that would par-
alyze the agriculturists of tho country will be taken
on the backs of these steam-giants with alacrity
and confidence. But it will be indispensable for us
to revise the tariff on foreign imports so far as it
may be seriously disturbed by any internal duties—
on some things the tax proposed is more than the
, present tariff—and to make proper reparation, other-
wise we shall have destroyed the goose that lays the
golden egg. Prom such a revision, including some
articles that hitherto it has not been considered
sound policy to take from the free list and lower
schedules oi the tariff, it is expected also to increase
the revenue several million dollars. If we bleed
manufacturers we must see to it that the proper
tonic is administered at the same time."
The tonic that was administered consisted
in adding to the duty on a foreign article what
was equivalent to the direct tax on a similar
domestic article, so the manufacturer could
charge as much additional as he had to pay in
direct tax. Both acts were made to take effect
on the same day. A question here arises, how
much of the burden spoken of was borne by
the backs of these steam giants, inasmuch as
simultaneously with its imposition they were
supplied with the means of shifting the whole
of it, to the consumers of the country?
It is well known that as a rule the American
manufacturer adds to the price of his goods a
sum equal to the-duty on similar foreign goods.
The greater the duty the greater the oppor-
tunity ; and he sells his goods at the same
price with the foreign after the duty is added
to the cost of the latter. New inventions,
cheaper material, increased skill, or other
causes, often produce a reduction in the price
of certain goods in all manufacturing coun-
tries. When such reductions occur an attempt
is made to attiibute them to the tariff. To
ascertain whether a high tariff iu this country
has had any bearing in reducing the prices of
a class of goods, it is only necessary to inquire
whether the decline is not universal. A Coun- •
try which does not supply any material part
of manufactured articles for the markets of
other countries, and comes far short of supply -
ingitshomemarkets, cannot be said to regulate
the prices of the world.
what was promised.
The people have long been assured that the
time would come, when, under the influence
of a tariff, manulactories would become inde-
pendent and able to withstand all competition,
and they would no longer be drawn upon to
sustain them by paying enlarged prices. On
the 12th of February, 1S83, Henry Clay, m
the Senate of the United States, when speak-
ing on the compromise net introduced by him,
proposing a gradual reduction of duties until
they should be brought down to twenty per
cent., said :
" The most that can be objected to thebill by tboso
with whom he had cooperated to support the pro-
tective system, was, that in consideration of nine
and a half years of peace, certainty, and stability,
tho manufacturers relinquished some advantages
which they now enjoyed. What was the principle
which had always been contended for in this and the
other House? That after accumulation of capital
and skill, the manufacturers would stand alone, un-
aided by the Government, in competition with the
imported articles from any quarter, ISTow, give us
time, cease all fluctuations and agitations for nine
years, and the manufacturers in every branch will
sustain themselves against foreign competition. If
wo can see our way clearly tor nine years to comc,
we can safely leave to posterity to provide for the
rest.'
Thirty-nine years have since elapsed. Wa
find ourselves under a higher tariff than that
which caused the agitation in 1833, and now it
is proposed that this tariff be continued indefi-
nitely.
effect op a nigh taeiff.
It is evident that high duties have not the
'effect to place manufactories on an independ-
ent and permanent basis. Too much reliance
is placed on congressional interference, and
too little on efforts to become self-sustaining.
Those which twelve years since were prosper-
ous under a low tariff, or without any tariff,
now profess that they would be unable to
endure any reduction in duties and in prices.
Even salt manufacturers, who made salt for
many years while it was free of duty, repre-
sent that any abatement on the enormous
duties on that article would be disastrous.
The longer manufactories are kept under con-
