1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. .
2815
upon it unless it is in such a form that we are
prepared to adopt it. The substitute offered
by the Senator from South Carolina is not a
full one. It is not so fair a bill, in my opinion,
for the State of Kentucky as the West Vir-
ginia bill, to which 1 have had reference. For
example, it provides that there shall be a lim-
itation against payment for any service since
the 1st of May, 1865. I would rather express
no opinion on that point, for I know that the
condition of Kentucky was much disturbed
throughout the summer of 1865. I believe the
United States commander had his headquarters
at Louisville, and he may have had these troops
called out to preserve the peace of Kentucky
after that time, and I am not prepared to say
that the expenses allowed to Kentucky should
be limited to the 1st of May, 1865.
Now, I say to the Senator from Kentucky
for one that if he will prepare a bill substan-
tially like that for Indiana or West Virginia
or the Kansas bill, I will vote for it, and I
think there will be no opposition to getting it
through in the morning hour. Such a bill
ought to be passed, because Kentucky has
more or less a just claim, but I do not think
either the original amendment or the substi-
tute should go upon this bill. Therefore I
move to lay the amendment and the substitute
upon the table.
Mr. STEVENSON. I ask the Senator to
withdraw the motion.
Mr. MORTON. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENSON. The amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from South Carolina, I
presume, was dictated by the Secretary of the
Treasury.
Mr. SAWYER. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENSON. A more unjustamend-
ment was never offered in the Senate of the
United States. It is a usurpation of power
that must be attended with evil consequences
when any Secretary of the Treasury shall
undertake to ride rough-shod over not only
his own accounting officers against law, but
over the War Department. Why does the
Secretary of the Treasury, and upon what
ground does the Senator from South Carolina
uphold the Secretary of the Treasury in his
daring attempt to say, "I will not listen to
the War Department; its statements are un-
true?" By what warrant of authority does
the Secretary of the Treasury undertake to
contradict officers of the Army whose state-
ments have been read to the Senate? Let me
tell my honorable friend from South Carolina,
for I propose to show him the injustice of
which he is attempted to be made the instru-
ment by the Secretary of the Treasury 
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
a moment?
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly.
Mr. SAWYER. I was not aware there was
any statement in anything which was read here
from the Secretary of the Treasury which dis-
credits the statements made by officers of the
War Department.
Mr. STEVENSON. I say it does, and I
propose to show my honorable friend that it
does. I propose to stamp upon Mr. Boutwell
this act of injustice, and I intend to show his
prejudice towards the State that I represent.
He undertakes to say that no service was
rendered under United State officers by State
troops in 1865, and the Senator from South
Carolina proposes in his amendment to stop
all inquiry, to take away from us the power to
show that we rendered that service. It is pro-
posed to cut us off so that we cannot have the
power to show that we rendered service after
the 1st of May, 1865. Is that justice?
Mr. SAWYER. No; if my friend will allow
me, it is not stated that there was no service
rendered; it is stated by the Secretary dis-
tinctly to the contrary. He says:
"A considerable portion of the service for which
reimbursement is asked was performed after the
surrender of Lee and Johnston; and the mustering
out of the troops was hm State authority, and at
various times from the 10th of January, 1865, until
the 23d of October of the same year."
I do not wish to inteiject a speech into the
speech of the Senator from Kentucky, but
the point made is that they were doing State
service and not United States service.
Mr. STEVENSON. But the point I make
upon the honorable Senator's amendment is
that he does not allow the State of Kentucky
to show that the Secretary of the Treasury is
mistaken. He assumes as a fact that no ser-
vice was rendered after the 1st of May, 1865,
to the United States by the State troops of
Kentucky. But I propose now to stamp the
statement of the Secretary of the Treasury as
absolutely untrue, by the statement of General
Palmer. I will read it:
" I was major general in the United States Army,
and as such, commanded during a portion of the
years 1865 and 1866 in the department of Kentucky.
That State was in a very disturbed condition, being
overrun by guerrillas, bushwhackers, and all other
kinds of outlaws. The State maintained quite a
force for some time which acted in conjunction with
the United States troops in suppressing the disor-
der attending upon the close of the war against the
rebellion in these two years."
The Senator's amendment cuts all that off.
He does not permit us to show that; he does
not allow us to show that General Palmer's
statement is true. His amendment says no
account shall be taken of service rendered
after the 1st of May, 1865. As my honorable
friend from Indiana says, that would be the
very acme of injustice. If you do not choose
to pay us, at least let us show that the service
was performed. I do not know that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury has any more power
than any other Secretary. I do not know that
his ipse dixit is to contradict statements of
men his peers in every particular.
A strong hand and great prudence and judgment
were required to keep peace and insure the safety
of life and property in that State during this period.
For the particulars of the service in which the State
troops were engaged, I refer you to my orders, as I
now suppose in the Adjutant General's office.
JOHN M. PALMER,
Late Major General of the United States.
Against that statement of General Palmer
that in the years 1865 and 1866 the public safety
required that these troops should be continued,
that he gave his orders for that continuance,
that they did render this service, is the mere
ipse dixit of the Secretary of the Treasury,
that the State of Kentucky's hands shall be
tied and she shall not be heard as to any ser-
vices after the 1st. of May, 1865. Now, I
know the sense of justice of my honorable
friend would revolt at that, but it only shows
the temper and the spirit of the Secretary of
the Treasury with which he was prejudiced
against the State of Kentucky and against her
claim.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President  
Mr. SAWYER. Will the Senator allow me
one moment. I beg to call the attention of
the Senator from Kentucky to the circum-
stance that these troops were mustered out
by State authority, and I have yet to see any
evidence that there was any consent of the
United States to their being mustered out or
that it was necessary. They were absolutely
under State control at that time during the
year 1865. We find it stated: '' some, however,
were mustered out by State authority "—this
comes from the adjutant general's authority—
"as late as the 23d of October of the same
year." These troops were undoubtedly at the
time they were mustered in that year exclu-
sively under State control.
Mr. STEVENSON. I cannot see how they
could be under State control when General
Palmer says that both in 1865 and 1866 he
took command of these troops, and he refers
to his orders now in the Adjutant General's
office to show that he not only commanded
them, but that their services were essential.
Do not let us misunderstand each other.
Suppose they were mustered out under State
orders; but suppose we show by the Federal
generals that from May to October, 1865,
these troops were kept under arms by their di-
rection; that just what Governor Palmer says
is true; that they were essential to protect the
public peace, not only of the State, but that he
himself in command and being the judge gave
orders that they should be kept under arms;
and suppose from May, 1865, to October, 1865,
under United States officers they rendered this
service, are they not entitled to be paid?
The amendment of the Senator from South
Carolina cuts off all that inquiry. If he had pro-
posed a full inquiry I should not have made so
much objection; but I protest, not against my
honorable friend, not against any Senator, not
against anything that is said here, but against
any official like the Secretary of the Treasury,
against the examination, against the fidelity,
against the labor of his own subordinates,
against the examination of the War Depart-
ment, entering his edict and sending forth his
order that such and such things must be done.
Mr. MORTON. I think the State of Ken-
tucky ought to be allowed to show that after
the 1st of May, in the year 1865, her militia
was called out by the authority of an officer of
the United States, General Palmer. How
much she can show I do not know. It may
appear that General Palmer, although peace
had been declared, took a different view of
his authority as an officer of the United States
from what he has lately taken of the authority
of General Sheridan at Chicago. [Laughter.]
I have some knowledge of the disturbed state
of Kentucky during the summer and part of
the fall of 1865. I think the passage of the
amendment offered by the Senator from South
Carolina might be unjust to Kentucky. I am
unwilling that the claim of Kentucky shall be
adopted in the manner proposed by my friend
from Kentucky. I think it ought to take the
same course that the claims of other States
were required to take, and he will have no
difficulty in getting a bill through to that effect,
I am very sure. Therefore, I move to lay the
substitute and the original amendment upon
the table.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I hope the Senator will
withdraw that motion for a moment to let me
say a word.
Mr. MORTON. I will give one moment,
but we ought to get through with this bill to-
night.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I know you ought to do
it, but you do not want to do all the talking
on your side. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
roy in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Indiana withdraw the motion?
Mr. MORTON. For a moment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am not accustomed to
make long speeches to the Senate, and for the
very good reason that it is difficult to get the
Senate to listen even to short ones; but in the
first place I wish to say a word for the Secre-
tary of the Treasury of the United States.
He is a man whom I have known a good
while, and whom I never before knew to be
accused of usurping authority. The people
by law and by the Constitution have placed
him at the gate of the people's money, and
they have confided to him the duty of resist-
ing attempts to get that money in ways that he
may think are not warranted by law. If in
any case he may be guilty of an error in re-
sisting unduly when he ought to have con-
sented, the laws of the United States provide
a means of redress; but he ought not to be
assailed here or anywhere else even if he has
committed an error, (which I deny,) for hav-
ing committed that error under the circum-
stances of this case.
When a Secretary of the Treasury, to whom
is confided this high and responsible duty of
protecting the people's money, he being the
chief responsible person for it, finds that out
of all the routine of all the Departments a claim
that has not been able to get through for years
