1920
THE -CONGRESSIONAL -GLOBE.
March *2 3,
gressional stimulants, the more they feel the
need of them. There is good reason why this
should be. The higher the tariff is raised the
further they are removed from competition,
and the less the necessity for attention to those
matters wliieh will qualify them to compete.
The enhanced prices which the tariff enables
them to obtain yield satisfactory profits with-
out that regard to economy and to improve-
ment in the cheaper production of goods which
a near approach to competition would inspire.
It is certainly not the correct method of pre-
paring manufactories for an equal contest with
their foreign competitors to relax their dis-
cipline by giving them a margin of fifty per
cent.
I have too much faith in the ingenuity and
enterprise of the American people to believe
that those manufacturers who merit success
have any need of such tariff rates, and too
much regard for the interests and right's of the
consumers to favor their continuance.
IRRIGATION WELLS IN TIIE DESEltT.
Mr. KENDALL. Mr. Spe'aker, few mouths
since, in journeying by the great iron high-
way from the farthest West, the noon of a
lustrous autumn day found our party rounding
tho summit of those vast sierras that divide
California from Nevada. From early morn-
ing the train had sped swiftly up from the
margin of the great, tranquil sea. A country
most beautiful with its harvest-laden fields, its
fruitful vales, and mountain torrents rushing in
opposing course, is behind ; a line of demark-
ation, drawn with startling energy and dis-
. tinctness through the geological formations,
is passed, and we look out toward the East
over another and different land! Here and
there a slender stream struggles along the deep
cleft or ravine and is soon lost in the parched
earth. Arid plains and wastes of gleaming
sand, alternating with brown, barren heights—
but, nevertheless, the treasuries of the lie-
public—stretch for miles and leagues away,
bounding the horizon. Over these dreary des-
erts, whose pathways are often marked by
the bleaching bones of the adventurous ex-
plorer, hovers the mirage mocking the trav-
eler with the false presentment of rivers and
lakes and waterfalls and verdure where, upon
approach, only utter desolation is found.
This is the great interior basin of the North
American continent, and within this basin is
included the State I have the honor to repre-
sent upon this floor. Of this region, so unin-
viting in appearance, yet so abounding in
resources,—of its wants and capabilities, I pui'-
pose to speak, appealing to no party or special
interest, but advocating a measure equally of
Federal and of local concern. I refer to the
policy of encouraging the reclamation of the
waste places of our domain so as to make
them not only the homos of prosperous pop-
ulation, but the direct means of developing
the exhaustless stores of mineral and metallic
wealth which now lie sealed up and useless
to the world. Congress has been so liberal
in the past to new States and Territories that
I feel convinced that it is only necessary to
show how these results can be obtained in
order to secure tho legislation 1 propose.
What then, sir, is, physically considered,
the great want of Nevada? Ample deposits of
tho precious metals she does not desire, for her
hills are filled with them ; valleys and plains she
does not lack, for they are limitless in extent.
Water, however, she does need—water for her
mining operations, water for irrigating and
subduing those vast plains which now lie so
sterile, but ready to start into beauty and fruit-
fulness under the vivifying influence of moist-
ure. The natural water-courses are few, and
entirely inadequate in volume for irrigating
even ihe immediate country through which
they flow.
How, then, is tho necessary supply to be
procured at all of the points where it is needed,
and in such quantities as mining and agricul-.
ture may demand ? The mountains and valleys
of Nevada are above the dew-point, and there
is only one way known to science by which
water can be obtained in sufficient quantity,
and that is by sinking artesian wells. To ac-
complish this most desirable result the help-
ing hand of the Government is asked ; and I
am sure it will not be denied, especially when
it is shown that the Government, by assisting
the people of Nevada, at the same time opens
up for sale vast tracts of now profitless lands,
and secures homes for a rapidly increasing
population.
For the purpose of making a commence-
ment of this work I had the honor of intro-
ducing, February 12, 187-1, a bill to encour-
age the sinking of artesian wells on the pub-
lic lands in the State of Nevada. This bill
is now before the Committee on the Public
Lands for consideration and action. In anti-
cipation of a favorable report from that
committee I now wish, in the time allotted to
me under the rules for general debate, to ex-
plain to the House the urgent necessity for the
passage of such an act by Congress.
Mr. Speaker, Nevada is a young child of
the Republic; and, if she be not a favored
child, she should at least be freely accorded
such legislative assistance from this Govern-
ment as has never yet been denied to other
new States and Territories. She is the living
symbol of the power and defiant strength of
this Union. Down through the ages the iron
energy of Rome, as the conqueror of the
world, has been illustrated in a single inci-
dent : that when the imperial city was hemmed
in by a relentless foe, out through one of her
gates marched reenforcements for her armies
of conquest in a remote region. Our mission
has never been" to enslave, but to elevate the
human race. To the honor and glory of our
Government—proof, too, that our people never
despaired of the Republic—Nevada sprang into
being amid the throes of a dire civil conflict.
Although a decade has not yet come and
gone, Nevada has given promise in her yield
of the precious metals of what may yet be
expected. In her product of silver, amid all
the difficulties which she has had and still has
to encounter, she rivals already everything
which previous history has told in such glow-
ing colors. She now asks, and she has the
right to ask, that her people shall not degen-
erate into the mere ''slaves of the mine,"
that they shall not be exiled from the ever-
present pleasures of a well-tilled soil and a
thrifty farming population, with all the conse-
quent abundance of the necessaries of life.
Bhe asks that the Government of the United
States shall exercise in her behalf that wise
and beneficent policy of donating such por-
tions of the public lands, excluding all those
containing valuable mineral deposits, as are
required for absolutely necessary public im-
provements. In the case of Nevada, it is my
purjjose to show, on this occasion, that the
sinking of artesian v/ella will be the inevitable
forerunner of the settlement and culture of
these lands, otherwise utterly barren and value-
less.
If the House will bear with me, I will give
a brief description of the region of country
where it is proposed these wells shall be sunk.
In doing so. I shall take the liberty of using
the authorities to which I have access, verify-
ing them by my own experience.
Nevada is a part of the great interior basin
of the North American continent. This great
basin and mineral belt, or zone, really com-
mences near the city of Oaxaca, in southern
Mexico, and rapidly spreads out like a fan
toward the north, until, at about the fortieth
parallel oflatitude, it attains its greatest breadth
of not less than twelve hundred miles from east
to west. Thence it becomes narrower and nar-
rower, until it is lost in the wilds of Alaska.
That portion of it within the limits of Nevada
is in reality an elevated plateau of an altitude
above«the«sea leve]*ofifrom&threeiito«four*|
thousand feet, and is traversed by mountain
ranges running generally north and south,
which rise to a still greater height above the
surrounding country of three to five thousand
feet. The outlying barriers or rims, so to
speak, of this great elevated plateau and basin
are the Rocky mountains, including the Wa-
satch range on the east, the Wind River mount-
ains on the north, and the Sierra Nevada
mountains on the west. On the southwest
this rim seems to have been broken down and
swept away, forming and opening out into the
Colorado valley and the Gulf of California,
through which, no doubt, was drained the great
inland sea that, at some remote age, washed
the surrounding mountain ranges as its shores.
Such are the opinions of the best scientific
authorities, and are evidenced among many
other things by the presence of marine shells
found in abundance ail over the region men-
tioned.
The midland section, especially, of this great
desert basin—but as truly remarked by Mr.
Bowles, in his book Across the Continent,
published in 1865, "desert only because com-
paratively waterless"—is intersected by these
ranges of mountains, trending generally north
and south with wide valleys and plains between,
extending as far as the eye can reach. This
section lies across the great route of traffic and
travel from the Atlantic to the Pacific, stretch-
ing three hundred miles from north to south,
and six hundred miles from east to west, being
about equally divided between Utah and Ne-
vada. In summer, during the dry season, it
is a monotonous and apparently interminable,
ocean-like desert waste, not only uninhabited,
but uninhabitable, because of the dearth of
water.
The soil of all of these plains, or at least of
a great portion of them, is in itself naturally
productive; but water, moisture—nothing else
is needed. Wherever a tiny stream wanders
from the narrow gorge, or a spring bubbles up
through the sand, perennial verdure i3 seen.
I observe many gentlemen here, who are
doing me the honor of listening to these re-
marks, that have journeyed across the wilder-
ness I have described. You will remember
here and there an oasis in the desert. One—
an oasis and green spot in the memory of your
travels as well—is the Humboldt railway sta-
tion, near where such appalling suffering and
disaster befell the way-worn emigrants to Cali-
fornia in 1850. You saw around you, in the
midst of wide reaches of drifting sand, a
splendid farm; a vegetable growth almost
tropical in its luxuriance; orchards, vine-
yards, lawns of deepest green, and harvest-
fields where "plenty and content sing with
the reapers." All this in the midst of a
Sahara-like wild of which but lately it was
part. And what has wrought the transforma-
tion? A rivulet leaping from the far mountain-
side has been led carefully along to the desired
place "and given to the thirsty earth. Stiu,
air, a marvelous climate, a soil rich but dor-
mant by drought of ages, have done the rest.
You behold a garden where the caravan but
a few years ago sank down in despair, fam-
ished, perishing miserably.
I again quote Mr. Bowles:
''Mountain and plain are alike above dew-pomc ■
ram is a rarity—near neighbor to absolute stranger •'
and only an occasional range of tho hills mounts --o
high. as to hold its winter snows into the summer
suns,. and yield the summer streams that give 'it
rare intervals, sweet lines of green, affording lbr'aeo
tor cattle, and refreshment and rest tor traveler
springs are even more infrequent, but not altogeth-
er unknown, and water may sometimes, though very
w n . y'«e PH'whcn aU Mis, by digging deep
wells. bueh streams as rise from springs or Bnow-
, ■ ^^tains, begin to shrink as they
reach the plains, and end m sal tlakes, or sink quietly
into the hungry earth.. Humboldt river, the largest
ana longest ot tho basin, runs "wost and south irora
three hundred to five hundred miles, and then Unas
ignominious end in a sink,' or in a very natural big
disgust at the impossibility of the job it has under-
taken, quietly peters out.' So of the Carson river,
which comes from the Sierra Nevad as 011 the west and
imdsj its homo a lagoon within sight of its parent
peajss.^Jieese river, now so famous.as localizing tho
