m4
,«&-OON iaa9^©! AL GLOBE.
February 14,
the original naSiioseript ef House report* No;
I,.Forty-First Congress.
Oh motion of Mr. FRYE,- by unanimous
cfrnsent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
fcom the files of the House of tlie papers in
the case of Ann Bagley and Sarah S. Nichols
leave 01  absence.
Leave of absence was granted By unani-
mous consent for five days to Mr. Brakios on
account of sickness.
Leave of absence was granted by* unani-
mous consent to Mr. Lansing for two weeks.
Leave of absence was granted by unani-
mous consent to Mr. Garrett until Monday
next.
Leave of. absence was granted by unani-
mous consent for two weeks from yesterday
tef Mr. Butler, of Tennessee.
"Leave of absence was granted by unani-
mous consent to Mr. Lzucfi until Tuesday of
next week.
naval appropriation bill.
The question recurred upon the- motion of
Mr. Hale, that one hoar be added to the limit
set yesterday for general-deb^tfr upon tlie naval
appropriation bill in Committee'of the Whole
On the state of the Union: and being put, the
motion was agreed to".
The question recurred' upon Mr. Hale's
motioi), that' the rules be suspended and the
House' resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union on the special
order; and being put, it was agreed to; and the
House accordingly resolved itself into Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
(Mr. Blair, of Michigan, in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of tha special
order, being House bill No. 1191, making
appropriations for.the. paval service for the
year ending June 30, 1873f and for other pur-
poses.
The CHAIRMAN. The time allowed for
general debate has been extended, one hour,
and the gentleman ftom Maine £.Msr. Hals] is
entitled to the floor.
Mr. HALE. I yield fen mfnntas to the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banes.]
Mr. BANES. The remarks I have to-make
are very few. It gave rae great pleasure to
listen to the speech of the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Hale-} who reported the bill to
the House yesterday. It breathes, as I under-
stand it, anew spirit into the Navy Department.
It promises to establish what we have been
wanting! in so many other respect®, a> new
departure, and if the indications given by him
in bis remarks shall be verified and carried
out by the administration of th« Navy Depart-
ment, this branch of the public service will
regain its popularity with the people of the
country which it enjoyed for so many years,
I remember asking an officer of the Army
daring the war why it was that we heard so
little before the war of the song of the "lied,
White, and Blue," which was repeated every-
where by everybody constantly during that
great Struggle. He sard that h# did not know
utiless itwas that the Army was mentioned in it.
The Navy monopolized, to a great extent, the'
affections of the people. Since that time great
cBkbges have occurred, and the Army has
secured, in a great degree, the affections of the
people once enjoyed by the Navy. I believe
the present Secretary of the Navy will not only
change the existing .order of things, but will
reestablish in the affections of the people of
the country the Department of which he is now
the honored and distinguished head. He has
it in his power to do this, and it appears to be
his desire; and he is entitled to the support
of ail parties in any jnst measures-which are
intended to secure this object. The> defects
of its administration belong t  the past. It is
to the future we are to look for a restoration
of its popularity and power.
The gentleman from Ohio, £Sfr. Morgan,]
to whose remarks I listened with gre&t' pWfcs-
are yesterday, stated with great earnestness
Some objections to the present condition of
this Navy Department. One of them was the
present number of officers, and another the
great increase of expense of this branch of
the service over a preexisting period. To the
facts stated in both instances we must yield our
assent. We can neither defend nor approve
them. Yet they do not arise from errors of
administration merely. They are the natural,
almost .inevitable restilt of the condition of
things.
During the great struggle in which this
country was so recently engaged a large num-
ber of officers and men were necessarily em-
ployed in the Navy Department dnring the
war, and it was difficult if not impossible then,
and it is even now impossible, to reduce the
list of officers immediately to that number
which the interests of the country and perhaps
that of the service demand. The officers of
the Navy cannot be discarded as the officers
of the volunteer army were. The people seem
to recognize this fact, and they were quite
content with measures of retrenchment which
left larger numbers in service than the Navy
actually required. This gives a larger expend-
iture and more officers than are actually re-
quired now, or than existed at an earlier
period of peace. It is one of the unavoidable
eVils of war. It is impossible for us even to
get back to the exact position we occupied
before the war, or to that point which we
could easily attain if it were not for the conse-
quences of the war.
The same is true of the vessels constructed
in great haste, of- imperfect materials, for
special purposes, and which, now that the
occasion which created demands for them
has passed, are left upon our hands, useless
and worthless. It could scarcely have been
otherwise. It is due more to the necessities
of war than to the errors of administration.
In other respects there have been serious
faults in the administration of the Navy
Department, which ought to be corrected, and
which I have no doubt will be corrected. The
honorable gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] mode allusion to one of these topics,
which is likely to be repeated by gentlemen
on the other side of the House. It was in
relation to the sale of materials, in some
instances without authority, and in all cases
without any direct responsibility, or even any
report of the sales or the disposition of the
proceeds of the sales. Sir, no member of the
House can justify a practice of this kind.
Gentlemen on this side of the House have re-
peatedly heretofore called the attention of this
House to that subject. I am glad the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Beck] has intro-
duced a resolution calling for a report of such
saleH. No one can object to it, and nothing
but good can come from a discontinuance of
that practice. It does not, however, belong
to this Administration, nor to the present
bead of the Navy Department, in any degree
whatever. On the contrary, we have sought to
correct these evils by such legislation as seemed
necessary, and we are ready to go further in
this direction if more stringent measures are
required.
And in connection with that matter, let me
mention another to Which he did not make allu-
sion, but to which the attention of the House
has heretofore been called. It relates to the
unexpended balances of appropriations which
from year to year the law requires should be
covered into the Treasury. These unexpended
balances have been continued from year to year
on the accounts of the special appropriations
to which they belonged, and from those two
sources they have had an immense amount
of money not contemplated by Congress, and
which they have applied to such objects as they
deemed'proper. Every friend of the Govern-
ment and every friend of the Navy must object
to these practices. And out of these expend-
itures of money liafS grown up many of the
abuses which haVii beB'n and are etill con-
demned. It has given rise to a bureau system
in the management of the Navy Department
which is objectionable to the spirit of the Gov-
ernment as it is injurious to the interests of
the people and to that Department itself.
During a period of some years past the Navy
Department has been an organized system of
irresponsible bureaus, of which the chiefs have
exercised the power of heads of Departments,
With scarcely any responsibility to the Secre-
tary of the Navy, or to the Government itself.
But, as I have before said, this condition of
things is already changed. One result of this
great fund at the disposal of the Department
arising from the sale of materials and from
unexpended balances was that there were
organized in the several navy-yards distinct
departments or bureaus which now stand as
so many separate navy establishments, each
with its separate corps of officers, its separate
machine shops, its separate gangs of men, and
all the paraphernalia of independent establish-
ments, increasing expenses and engendering
discontent and dissatisfaction everywhere. And
so far has this gone that a code of laws should
be enacted based upon this separation of depart-
ments that ought to be united. At the head
of these departments naval officers have been
placed. They have brought confusion into the
service, and the system into reproach. The
workmen are discontented; the country dis-
satisfied. The objections to the Navy Depart-
ment that are urged here arise from this cor-
rupt policy.
Another injury to the Department and to
the people finds its origin in part, if not alto-
gether, in this order of things. The posses-
sion of these advantages has given such power
to those who enjoyed them that it enabled them
to maintain themselves in power at all times
and everywhere against all remonstrances and
all opposition. It engendered a system of
favoritism which was as unjust as' it was
injurious. I hold in my hand an autograph
letter from the commander of the Kearsarge,
to whom allusion was made yesterday by the
honorable gentleman from Maine [Mr. Hale]
in his eloquent speech as the officer who was
entitled to the honor of having destroyed the
Alabama. In this letter he says that such is
the influence exerted by favorites, who will
never forget his sinking the Alabama, that he
has ceased to hope or to expect that anything
but disappointment would follow any request
that he might make.
I have not time in the brief period allotted
to me to speak at length upon these matters.
But that to which I wish especially to call tha
attention of gentlemen on the other side is
that this condition of things is changed, and
that the present Secretary of theNavy, so far as
I understand the spirit in which he is disposed
to administer his Department, means to correct
these abuses, and tq place the administration
of his Department where it should be, upon
the affections of the people, .and not upon any
coteries in his Department, or upon any
fund covertly or indirectly obtained. Under
a late order of the Secretary of the Navy he
has assured to every man in the employ of his
Department the right to express his opinions
upon all subjects, and to act upon all matters
not connected with the Government freely and
independently. If he continues in this spirit
I am sure all these abuses will be corrected,
and we will have a Navy that will maintain
with honor the flag of our country on everv
sea-and in every part of the world. It wii'l
regain its high place in the affections of the
people. It will aid materially in the revival
of the general maritime interests, with the pros-
perity of which it has always been connected,
and with which it must forever be inseparably
identified. This is the greatest good that we
can accomplish. In this and in all measures
of reform or of administration that are essential
to its success we can commend the cooperation
of the present Secretary of the Navy and of
all his associates, whether of the staff or line.
