1872.
THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
3713
telling some tales to Dan Carroll, and they com-
menced talking about shooting him, and Squire Sam
Brown I think was there, and he got up and so did I
and told them that such a thing as that oughtn't to
do any such a thing, because there was Andy, and no
person to depend on but his old mother for a living,
and they concluded that it wouldn't do. That may
be Dan Carroll was telling a lie. When I saw Dan
Carroll I told him, 'You best get in the order/ for
they said about your being a Radical anyhow, and it
is best for you to go and get into that thing ; and I
told him it would be best to know something about
it, tor we wouldn't be obliged to go on a raid and
they wouldn't hurt our hands. When I went there
the next night it was in the session-house, and when
I went m I told thein about having Dan Carroll with
me, and they commenced cursing, and said I
oughtn't to have brought him there. And I said Dan
is a good fellow and there is no danger of him tell-
ing anything-, and he weot in the house, and they
knelt him down and swore him in, but I never was
swore in, and I told Major Merrill them very things
the first time I ever went up to him.
"Question. What do you mean by joining to keep
them Irom ruining your hands?
" Answer. Well, I didn't mean I joined it; I told
him just what I tell you, but I didn't join it at all.
*' Question. IIow did they run your hands off?
" Answer. They had been to my house once before
that, and there was a colored man with me—a cap-
tain on the road; and they came there once; and
they came there and hollered for me and him, and we
slipped out in another room, and it wasn't a vreek
before they came there again, but he never told that
this morning.
" {JuesUon. Run what hands off?
44 Answer. The hands that was working with me.
44 Question. What did they want to run them away
for ?
"Answer. I don't know anything about what the
object was; I reckon because they had been voting
the Radical ticket. They went to all the white
people that was Radicals and done something. I
always was opposed to that thing, but I know'd they
didn't believe me. There was a mighty heap that
got away, and I knew when I didn't do anything I
didn't want to go away.
44 Question. Why didn't you inform on these peo-
ple ?
"Answer. Who would you went to in that coun-
try? There wasn't a man what was Radical but
what had his card in the paper. Now, who would I
went to ?
|4 Question. Who is the judge in that county ?
44 Answer. I forget his name, but he wasn't up
there. Thomas is thejudge up there.
44 Question. Why didn't you go to him ?
44 Answer. What was (he reason why I didn't go to
him ? Ho might have been there, but I never had
any dealings m court at all.
Question, Has nobody in that county been punished
for these things?
"Answer. Not as I know of.
" Question. Why didn't you go to some trial jus-
tice V
44 Answer. There was no trial justice.
" Question. How many of the white people belong
to this thing?
14 Answer. Every one that I have heard say any-
thing of it was obliged to belong to it.
" Qutstvoi. When you met at Sharon did you meet
in the church ?
"Answer. The first time we met in the yard, and
the next in the session-house.
"Question. What is the denomination of the
church ?
"Answer. It is Seceders.
"Judge Bond. Thecourtis of opinion that you are
the least guilty ot tiie parties brought here. They
will fine you twenty dollars and imprisonment for
three months."
Sentence of the four Shearer Boy*.
•'Sylvanus Shearer, William Shearer, Hugh II.
Shearer, and James B. Shearer withdrew their pleas
of not guilty, and entered a plea of guilty.
44 By Judge Bond (to William Shearer:)
*4 Question. What have you to say to the court in
mitigation of your punishment?
"Answer. I would like that you would be as easy
on me as possible.
"Question. I'or what reason?
44 Ansxoer. Because I didn't know anything about
this thing that night.
" Question. How came you to be present ?
"Answer. Chambers Brown sent me word to
meet hiin that night.
44 Question. You were not members?
" Answer. No, sir; but he wanted to take us in.
"Question. What did you let him take you in for?
"Aimoer. Well, everybody else was m, almost,
and I didn't exactly feel safe without I belonged
to it.
" Question. What do you do for a living?
" Ans-ioer. Farm.
" Question. Sylvanus Shearer, what have you to
say lor yourself?
"Answer* I want you to be as light as possible.
4' Question. What punishment do you think ought
to be meted out to a man that would go to thrash
half a dozen black people in one night tor nothing?
"Answer. I don't know; it ought to be right
smart to them that done it.
"Question. You helped?
"Answer. No. sir.
4' Question. You gave them your countenance.
What do you think ought to be done to a man that
would come to your house and take you out of your
house at Light and hang you ?
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 233,
" Answer. Well, I don't know what.
" Question. What sort of an excuse doyou thinkit
would be for somebody who went along with them,
to hold the horses—didn't actually put the rope
around his neck?
"Answer. I don't know as there ought to be any-
thing done with him.
" Question. Can you read and write?
" Answer. No, sir.
" Question, Were you in the army ?
" Answer. No, sir.
" Question. "Was your brother in the army?
Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question, (to William.) What was the parole you
took ?
*' Answer. I don't recollect now.
" Question. You haveforgotten it already?
" Answer. Yes, sir. I was too glad to get out of it.
" Question. You promised not to take up arms or
resist the laws of the United States ?
''Answer. Yes, sir.
" Question. You forgot your parole?
" Answer. Yes, sir; that is so, but a man can be
scared to forget a good many things sometimes.
" Question, (to James.) How many raids have you
been on ?
" Answer. I have been on the Jim Williams raid,
and the one on Squire Sam Brown.
"Judge Bono. The judgment of the court in each
of your cases is that you be fined $100 and be impris-
oned for eighteen months."
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President, these
men whose confessions and sentences have
just been read by the Clerk, are generally
young men without education, a part of whom
can neither read nor write. Sir, they were the
dupes of more wicked and designing men, who
have fled the State in order to avoid the strong
arm of the law. These poor misguided men
have my sympathy in the punishment they are
now justly undergoing, as having been led
astray by their leaders, who have in their hour
of trial deserted them.
Sir, that there can be no question as to the
enormity of the crimes they had committed, I
will read an extract from Hon. Reverdy
Johnson's speech, wbo had been employed to
defend them, and .to test the constitutionality
of the act.
" I have listened with unmixed horror to some of
the testimony which has been brought before you.
The outrages proved are shocking to humanity;
they admit of neither excuse or justification; they
violate every obligation which law and nature im-
poses upon men ; they show that the parties engaged
were brutes, insensible to the obligations of human-
ity and religion. The day will comc, however, if it
has not already arrived, when they will deeply
lament it. Even if justice shall not overtake them,
there is one tribunal from which there is no hope.
It is their own judgment; that tribunal which sits
in the breast of every living man; th'at small, still
voice that thrills through the hoart; the soul of the
mind, and as it speaks, gives happiness or torture—
the voice of conscience, the voice of God. If it has
not already spoken to them in tones which have
startled them to tho enormity of their conduct, I
trust, in the mcrcy of Heaven, that that voice will
speak before they shall be called above to account
lor the transactions of this world; that it will so
speak as to make them penitent, and that trusting in
the dispensations of Ileaven, whose justice is dis-
pensed with mercy, when they shall bo brought
before the bar of their great tribunal, so to speak,
that incomprehensible tribunal, there will be found
in tho fact of their penitence or in their previous
lives, some grounds upon which God may say " par-
don.' "—Speech of Hon. lieverdy Johnson, in Ku Klux
trials, December 18.
Mr. President, the Ku Klux organizations
are thoroughly broken up in South Carolina,
and on the adjournment of Congress i shall
ask the President to issue his proclamation
declaring that there no longer exists any ne-
cessity for the suspension of the writ of habeas
corpus in South Carolina.
But, sir, in deference to the opinions of
some of my colleagues in the Senate, 1 have
determined to vote for the continuance of the
provisions of the bill, for the purpose of se-
curing to all classes of our citizens the right
they are justly entitled to.
Mr. President, a great deal has been
said of the carpet bag governments of the
South, which I do not propose to vindicate.
But I propose to review the course Virginia
has pursued in some of her financial matters.
Her Legislature was composed of her own
citizens, Democrats—not carpet-baggers or
negroes.
At the end of the war Virginia was owing a
certain debt, created previous to the war. Her
constitution recognized that debt, and her
Legislature, in March,1871, passed a law fund-
ing the debt, say two thirds of it, contending,
that West Virginia owed the balance—one"
third. They gave certificates of indebtedness
for the two thirds. Thereupon the creditors
accepted that proposition, and received new
bonds. The coupons of these bonds w'ere
made receivable for taxes and all dues to the
State.
The next Legislature, in February last, in
violation of this contract, passed a law forbid-
ding tax-collectors to receive the coupons in
payment of taxes, and instead of paying six
per cent., as they agreed to pay, they offer to
pay four per cent, upon the express condition
that whoever received the four percent, should
be considered as consenting to the repeal of
the bill to the extent of its being receivable
for taxes.
That Legislature being fresh from the peo-
ple,have also entirely repudiated the certificates
given for the one third said to be owing by
West Virginia.
The Governor implored the Legislature not
to repudiate, in a special message, asking that
the matter might be referred to the courts.
Since that time the case has been decided
by the lower courts and the law declared to
be unconstitutional, and tax-collectors must
receive the coupons for taxes.
Sir, this act of the Legislature of Virginia
is in open disregard of the Constitution of the
United States, which prohibits a State from
passing any law impairing the obligation of
contracts. Sir, no State has acted in such bad
faith as Virginia has done toward her bond-
holders and her citizens ; that State having
heretofore been considered the soul of honor,
the mother of statesmen and Presidents.
Mr. President, I can have no unkind feeling
toward Virginia. My ancestors, on my pater-
nal side, went from Virginia to South Carolina
about a century ago. But I only mention this
action of her Legislature to show the demor-
alization ot the southern people, who have
just emergod from a civil war, which has proven
so disastrous to the whole people, who staked
their all on the result, and lost.
But, sir, the southern people are great and
magnanimous, and will soon-recover their lost
fortunes by developing the resources of the
untold and hidden wealth of the South. Coal
mines, phosphates, nay, even gold mines, are
found where none were eversupposed to exist.
And we stand ready to welcome to our genial
climate and productive soil all citizens of the
United States, as well as emigrants from
abroad, who wish to cast their fortunes with
us, giving them the full assurance of the
enjoyment of all their political and religious
rights.
Mr. President, the Ku Klux organizations
are broken up forever in South Carolina ; and
we will stand from this time forward a free
and independent people, the humblest citizen
enjoying the freest and highest privileges of
an American citizen.
Mr. FEN J'ON. Mr. President, my court-
esy as well as patience is about exhausted,
and 1 propose to make a motion to lay the
bill on the table if speaking is to be continued,
andl will not yield to anybody, if the Sen-
ate is ready to vote, 1 wiil not make the mo-
tion ; if not, I must i.nsist on the motion to lay
the bill on the table.
Mr. SCOTT. I do not know whether the
Senator proposes to make the motion or not,
but if he does, I ask him to withdraw it for one
moment. 1 had proposed to make some fur-
ther remarks on this bill, as 1 opened the dis-
cussion upon it, and especially X had desired
to fulfill the promise I made to the Senator
from Missouri, [Mi. Blair,] to quote to him
the testimony in reference to General Gordon
and General Forrest, but I will forego all
remarks that I have to make if the Senate cam
now come to a vote, and I hope we may be
able to do so.
Mr. KENTON. Well, letuseometo a vote.
