1872,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1025
The policy of the Department is in that direc-
tion, and it will receive the cordial support of
other Executive Departments, as I hope it will
of Congress. In this way we correct the errors
of the past, and prepare for the important duties
which are disclosed to us on all sides and by
every approaching event of the future.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HALE. I now yield fifteen minutes
to the gentleman from California, [Mr. Sak-
GENT. J
Mr. SARGENT. I did not object this
morning when the resolution was offered by
the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Bece]
calling for certain information from the Navy
Department, because I thought it was well
that that information should come in and cor-
rect the extravagance and the wild statements
which the gentleman himself indulged in yes-
terday upon that subject, and to correct the
erroneous impressions which grew out of such
statements. In order ihat I may not do my
friend injustice I will ask the Clerk to read a
portion of his remarks on yesterday.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Mr. Beck. X am not prepared to make charges
of the misappropriation ot iunds without proof;
but what I complain of is that iron-clada and naval
materiel of all sorts amounting in value to not less
than hundreds of millions of dollars have been sold
by the Government during the last live years, and
the amount so realized has been expended in addi-
tion to all the appropriations made by Congress, so
that Congress, representatives of the people, and
presumed to know what is expended by the Depart-
ment, have never known how much money has been
expended."
Mr. SARGENT. Now, Mr. Chairman, since
the gentleman's remarks yesterday I have
taken pains to trace out the amount of sales
in the Navy Department during the present
Administration. I will leave the gentleman to
explain any sales under the preceding Admin-
istration, or the Secretary of the Navy can
state the amount under the resolution which
has been adopted. The information will then
be before the House, and will be liable to any
criticism that may be necessary. I will only
say, however, that as to the period prior to
March 4, 1869, the Secretary of the Navy from
the close of the war down to that time was in
full fellowship with the Democratic party, and
if there is any political capital to be made for
or against Republicans or Democrats by call-
ing out those facts, I and my party friends
have certainly no reason to regret their being
called l'or. But since March 4, 1809, about
three years ago, the whole amount of sales of
material has been $927,096, less than a million
dollars. By the old law it was provided that
sales of materials should go in aid of appro-
priations for the Department or bureau that
made the sale. For instance, if the Bureau
of Steam Engineering (sold old material, the
proceeds went in aid of that bureau. So with
the Bureau of Construction and Repair, &c.
But by the statute of July 12, 1870, it was
provided that—
" It shall not be lawful for any Department of the
Government to expend in any one fiscal year any
sum in excess of the appropriation made by Congress
for that fiscal year."
The Secretary of the Navy ruled under that
statute that these amounts received from the
sale of old material could not be used for
Department purposes without specific appro-
priation by Congress, and must be paid into
the Treasury; and since that time theamounts
thus realized have not been used in aid of the
appropriations. Not one penny of them has
been expended by the Navy Department for
any of its purposes. For two years past, no
matter what may have been the amount of the
sales, that amount has gone into the Treasury
and has not been used by the Department.
My friend therefore makes a mistake when
he sayu that we ought not to appropriate the
amount of money proposed in this bill until
we can break up the system of selling old mate-
rials and of using the money, until we can
find out the amount of the annual sales of
material and how largely money thus realized
'42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. G5.
swells the appropriations that we ordinarily
make. Under the statute to which I have
referred, as construed by the Secretary of the
Navy himself, such amounts, as I have said,
and repeat, are not available for the purposes
of the Department, but must be, and are,
paid into the Treasury. But even if the whole
amount were available, the sum of such sales
for three years past has been, as I have shown,
less than a million dollars.
_ The sales made by the different bureaus
since March 4, 1869, are as follows :
Bureau of Construction and Repair $456,777 00
Bureau of Steam Machinery  07.325 50
Bureau of Ordnance  156,738 69
Bureau of Equipment  210.S35 30
Total $927,696 55
The whole of this amount did not go to aid
appropriations. I am safe in saying that dur-
ing the time the present Administration has
been in power not more than $750,000 has
been so used, and that before the statute. But
we now gauge the economy of expenditures in
this Department by the actual specific appro-
priations we make. Those appropriations can-
not be enlarged to the extent of a single dollar,
and the Department has not attempted to do
so since the passage of the act to which I have
referred. The Secretary is a careful and intel-
ligent officer, economical in expenditure, and
makes the parsimonious appropriations we
make go as far as possible in keeping the
Navy afloat. The task is not easy. He is
compelled to give strength to the rotten ships
that came down to him, and administer the
whole naval service on less than the English
spend in asingle year on iron-clads alone. We
should double our appropriations if we aim
to keep np a Navy. For one. I regret that
these resources from sales are cut oft', though
they are so small.
Another remark with reference to the inva-
sion of what I might perhaps consider my
province on the Committee on Appropriations
by my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Moegax,] who
stated with regard to the Indian expenditures
that for years they amounted to three or four
million dollars annually, while they now amount
to some seven millions annually. Unfortu-
nately, the speech of the gentleman does not
appear in this morning's Globe, and hence I
am not able to scrutinize the figures which he
submits to test their exactness or to ascertain
clearly the point he was aiming at. Sir, I call
attention to the fact that the appropriations
for Indian purposes at the last session were
less than $5,000,000, $2,000,000 less than the
amount stated by the gentleman. I admit that
before the settlement of California, Oregon,
and Nevada; before we acquired Arizona; be-
fore the opening up of Wyoming, Montana,
and Idaho brought us in contact with the
Sioux and the Apache Indians ; before the
Pacific railroad was built, carrying us across
the hunting grounds of the Indians; before
there was the present necessity for pacifying
and keeping at peace the Indians in order to
save our people from the depredations of
hordes of Indians with whom we have been
brought in contact by the extension of settle-
ment and of railroads, the annual appropria-
tions for Indian purposes simply were some-
where about four million dollars, varying a
little, sometimes over that amount and some-
times under it.
The expenditures for direct Indian purposes
at that time were smaller, but for your Army
for war purposes they sometimes exceeded
the amount now expended by six or seven
times. The Seminole war in Florida is an
illustration. We then knew only a war policy, i
and even with the few tribes with which we
were in contact it was frightfully expensive,
in increasing the cost of the Army. We have
now adopted a more humane policy. But the
increased expenditures for direct Indian pur-
poses have been created by the necessities j
of our situation. In those days our people j
scarcely ventured across the Missouri. Now
they are found in all the intervening space
between there and the Pacific coast. They are
crowding into all our new Territories, lured
there by their mineral wealth. All along the
Pacific railroad towns and hamlets are spring-
ing up; and even along the line of the North
Pacific railroad at this time towns and hamlets
are springing up. In Montana we have forty-
five thousand Sioux Indians, Indians of the
most warlike character, and which, in the
years to which the gentleman refers, were not
brought into contact with our people. They
were then pursuing the buffalo, and if they
had wars, those wars were among themselves
or with other Indian tribes, and not with our
own people. So with the Apaches in Arizona.
As our people have gone to the Territories, as
towns and cities and farms have been created
in those Territories, as our people have pene-
trated into Indian hunting-grounds and cir-
cumscribed their limits, as we have destroyed
the buffalo and limited in everyway the range
of those Indians, we have been necessarily
obliged to take care of them. In some in-
stances we have been obliged to subdue them
to protect our frontiers. We have been com-
pelled to take care of them upon reservations,
because when roaming they are in mischief.
To keep them at peace we must feed them,
and that costs money. As a consequence the
appropriations have increased on the average
during the last five or six years somewhere
about a million or a million and a half of
dollars over the amount they formerly reached.
This has arisen from the necessities of our
situation, and no Administration could have
avoided it, and is by no means an evidence
of extravagance on the part of the Govern-
ment.
1 thank my friend for his courtesy, and I
will not take up any more of his time.
Mr. BECK. Will the gentlemau from Maine
yield to me for five minutes ?
Mr. HALE. I promised to yield next for
ten minutes to the gentleman from Indiana,
[Mr. Niblack,] who is a member of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. NIBLACK. Mr. Chairman, I shall
occupy the attention of the House for a short
time. I will not either attempt to attack or
defend the Navy in the few remarks I have to
submit. Representing in part the minority of
the committee, it is proper 1 should say a few
words before the debate closes.
One of the most encouraging symptoms of
the times in which we live is the fact of the
general disposition to call attention to the
extravagance into which we have fallen for so
many years past in all matters pertaining to
the Government. It is not at all strange that
we should have been reckless in our public
expenditures for the last ten years, as the
spirit of extravagance has attended everything
connected with the finances .of the Govern-
ment, both in public and in private life. At
one time I despaired of ever being able to get
the public ear on questions of this kind ; but,
sir, as the contraction of the currency has
gone on, as the prices of commodities which
I he people of the country have to sell have
diminished, this spirit of extravagance seems
to have been arrested. I am gratified to find
the disposition now among the people to hold
every Department of the Government to a rigid
accountability on all questions affecting the
public expenditures.
The Navy is not, I am sorry to say, in all
respects in a satisfactory condition. Indeed,
in many particulars it is very far from it. But,
sir, by the legislation of Congress I think there
have been during the few years past some im-
provements, and one of those improvements,
one of the greatest, arises from the provision
of law adopted by Congress a few years ago
requiring all bureaus and all Departments
of the Government, of course including the
Navy Department and all the bureaus thereof,
to account for and pay into the Treasury the
