*78
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French Agents-
-Mr. Morton,
42d Cong....2d Sess.
had bought them from the United States. He
spoke in general terms. I presume he did not
mean to say that he had negotiated directiy
with the United States, knowingly upon the
part of our Government, because if he had, he
would have contradicted Mr. Remington's own
testimony as read by the Senator. Now I am
willing to leave that right there.
Mr, SCHURZ. Mr. Remington reports that
he did the treating with the ordnance depart-
ment.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. Remington does not
report any such thing, allow me to say. He
reports that he bought arms of the ordnance
department, and so he did ; bat the ordnance
department did not know at the time that he
was the agent of Frauce. He was buying them
as a merchant. When it turned out, accident
ally, too, that the department learned that he
was the agent of France, they refused to sell
to hiin. That is what Mr. Remington himself
reports, and that is all there is about it. He
came here as a merchant and bought arms
until some time in September, 1870. Then,
by an accident# statement on the part of
Squire, General Dyer learned that he was the
agent of France. He communicated that fact
to the Secretary of War, and the Secretary in-
structed him to have no more dealings with
Mr. Remington. These are the simple facts.
Can they be tortured, can they be perverted
into anything wrong on the part of our Gov-
ernment?
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
me, another fact is this: we heard yesterday
of a letter, or we had extracts from a letter
alleged to have been written by General Dyer
to Mr. Remington. Aa a part of the acci-
dents of this proceeding, we heard nothing,
I believe, of the letter of Mr. Remington m
answer to which it was written.
Mr. MORTON. I shall read it.
Mr. CONKLING. I will not, then, pro-
ceed at length to say what I rose to say ; but
I will merely remark that so far from Mr.
Remington stating, as I overheard a Seuator
say aloud a few minutes ago, that he dealt
directly with the Government, it was Mr. Rem-
ington's complaint to the Government that,
being denied the privilege of dealing with it,
he was compelled to buy of third persons and
pay two prices; and when the Senator from
Indiana comes to read this correspondence
fairly, (and if he does not it will be read before
this debate is over,) the reverse of the state-
ment we now hear will turn out to be true.
Mr. MORTON. Before I proceed to the
particular points raised, I wish to state briefly
the position of this argument at this time.
The President, who was originally intended
to be affected by this debate, is left entirely
out. I believe it has not been pretended by
the Senator from Missouri or the Senator from
Massachusetts that the President had any
agency, directly, or indirectly, in the sale of
these arms to France. In the first place the
President had no power upon the subject.
The power to sell and the direction to sell
were given to the Secretary of War by an act
of Congress. He sells without any authority
on the part of the President. The act of Con-
gress instructs and empowers the Secretary of
War to sell, and the President has no power
in the premises. Th§ power is taken out of
his hands by the very terms of the statute read
by the Senator from Missouri yesterday. Need
I refer to it as establishing that proposition?
Mr. SCHURZ. May 1 ask the Senator a
question ? I ask, if the President has not
power to order the sales, can the President
order the stopping of the sales?
Mr. MORTON. I am now discussing the
question of power. No, sir, he has not the
power to stop the sales either. Now, I pro-
pose to settle this little matter right heie :
"That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby.
authorized and directed to cause to be sold, after
offer at public sale on thirty days' notice, in such
manner," &c.
The power and duty are imposed by aet of
Congress upon the Secretary of War. They
might have been imposed upon the Secretary
of the Senate by the same act in the same way,
and the Presideut would have no more power
to interfere in the one case than the other.
Therefore, the President has no power in the
matter, and it is not charged, I believe, there
has not been courage to charge on this floor
that the President has had any agency, directly
or indirectly. He is out of the case.
Now I come to the Secretary of War. He
has already been acquitted by the Senator
from Missouri fully, and I shall refer to that
acquittal of his in his speech of Thursday last.
Again, yesterday, in speaking of the Secretary
ot War, I believe the Senator said—I have not
his speech, but he will correct me if I am mis-
taken—that he did not know that the War
Department knew anything about it.
Mr. SCHURZ. I did not refer to the War
Departmental all in that connection yesterday.
Mr. MORTON. I think the Senator used
that phrase, but perhaps not; I may be mis-
taken. But now I will read what he said about
the Secretary of War on Thursday:
" Now, I am very far from asserting that the ord-
nance department, when it sold these fifty thousand
Springfield musketsand thosenumbers of thousands
of carbines, was at that time aware that Mr. Rem-
ington was the paid agent of the French Govern-
ment. The Secretary of "War says he did not know
it, and I certainly presume he did not."
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator permit me
to say to what that referred ?
Mr. MORTON. I will certainly yield to the
Senator, but I submit that I cannot go on with
this constant interruption.
Mr. SCHURZ. I merely wish to say that
this referred to the first lot of fifty thousand
Springfield muskets.
Mr. MORTON. I know it refers to that,
and it refers to the very time the Secretary of
War stopped the sale because he found out
that Remington was the French agent.
Mr. SCHURZ. No ; it refers to a previous
tr&n sactio t)
Mr. MORTON. I will go on and read. The
Senator has taken occasion several times in
the course of this debate to say that he believed
the Secretary of War was an honest man; that
he did not mean anything wrong, but that he
was a victim. In the conclusion of his speech
on Thursday last he said:
" Understand me well. I am by no means will-
ing to cast any aspersion of that kind upon the Sec-
retary of AVar. I have always esteemed him an
honest man. and I do believe that in these transac-
tions he is rather a victim than a guilty coactor.
But, gentlemen, do not close your eyes to one fact—
and here I will express myself frankly and boldly.
There is an impression prevailing in this country
that somewhere in this Government there sits " a
military ring,' which is exercising an unwholesome,
a far-reaching, a corrupt and dangerous influence
upon this Administration."
Here is a full acquittal of the Secretary of
War. Now, the Secretary of War being ac-
quitted, who next is responsible, if anybody?
We come down to the chief of ordnance, a
gentleman of high character, who has had this
business in charge. He is not a partisan of
the President, a military officer holding his
office by rank, an old ordnance officer, and,
if there is anything in politics, a Democrat
in politics. It is brought down to him. Are
these Senators willing, even indirectly, to cast
aa aspersion upon the character of the chief
of ordnance? I hope not.
Now, I wish to coine to a part of the Sena-
tor's speech of yesterday which I find in the
report of the Associated Press, reading thus :
" Mr. Schurz said that the Secretary of War and
chief of ordnance had some doubt about the pro-
priety of their action at the time, and he had a let-
ter from the chief of ordnance to General Belknap,
stating that the arms so sold were fit for the United
States service,"
Now, to set this whole matter right 1 shall
read from that letter; I have it here. He did
not say that they were fit for the service of
the United States, but he said that the arms
issued were serviceable, as they were for arms
of the kind ; but I shall read the document
going to show that they were not fit for the
service of the United States, and had been
discarded by the Government of the United
States :
"In reply to the inquirvas to the quality of stores
sold by the department, I have to say that all ord-
nance stores disposed ot as serviceable were believed
to be serviceable and fit tor issue."
He did not mean that they were serviceable
for the United States and of the kind we were
using, but that of the kind they were service-
able and fit for use. Of that there is no ques-
tion ; but I will show before I am done that
they had been discarded before that time and
were for sale, and some of them are still on
hand and for sale. I therefore put that state-
ment at rest.
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator read the
whole of that paragraph ? I have it before me
also.
Mr. MORTON. I have read it. I intend
to have the whole letter read.
Mr. SCHURZ. I will remark to the Sen-
ator that I read that whole paragraph here,
before the Senate, yesterday.
Mr. MORTON. I have got the letter here
and I will read on from where I stopped:
"They were so borne upon the property returns
of the arsenals, and were regarded as serviceableby
the commanders of the arsenals. They were consid-
ered as fit for issue to our troops."
Mr. SCHURZ. Precisely; that is it.
Mr. MORTON. They were considered as
fit for issue. They were in good order. That
is all this means to say. I shall show from
the report of the ordnance department that
this very pattern had been discarded and
another adopted. And when the Senator
aimed to make the impression that these arms
were the arms which were then being used by
our Army, that was not the fact. They were
simply in good condition to be issued to our
own troops, but they had been superseded.
Now, Mr. President, I come to this whole
statement of Mr. Remington, and I will as an
explanation of Mr. Remington's letter ask the
Secretary to read a letter written by Mr. Rem-
ington to the Secretary of War on the 6th of
December, 1871.
The Chief Clerk read as follows:
Washington, December 6,1871.
Sir: The integrity and standing of our house hav-
ing been called in question in some of our recent
transactions, we deem it a proper favor to solicit
from the War Department as an auxiliary for our
vindication such an indorsement of our character
and standing as manufacturers and dealers in arms
as its lecords may present, and its opportunities dur-
ing our long dealings of judging of these points have
been afforded our Government.
We therefore request a letter from the War De-
partment covering these points. We also desire for
our vindication the facts, under your official seal,
connected with the purchase by us of fifty thousand
Springfield muskets, cleaned and repaired, on the
28th of September, 1870, and the sale by the War
Department, on the 23d of October, of three hundred
thousand musk ts. The verification of the fact that
we were prohibited, in the latter transaction, from
purchasing, and were thus compelled to resort to
other parties to make them, is also solicited.
As our loyalty during the recent rebellion in the
United States has also been questioned, we desire to
trespass on your kindnei-s further by asking your
indorsement in this respect.
Hoping tor a favorable and early reply to our re-
quest, we remain, very respectfully, your obedient
servants,
E. REMINGTON & SONS.
P. S.—Wo would also be pleased to be informed
whether the arms and ammunition, when sold, were
considered as in a serviceable oomlition.
E. KEMINGTON & SONS.
To the Secretary op War, Washington, J). C.
Mr. MORTON, This letter called out the
letter written by General Dyer to Mr. Reming-
ton that has been commented on, and forma
the staple of the evidence on the other side,
