S714
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
Mr. FLANAGAN. I regret very much to
.object. I have not objected upon any former
occasion during the session. I have sat here
to see what would be tlie disposition of the
Senate; but I am disposed to submit some
remarks on tbis bill. If it be desirable to go
on with it to night, I have no objection; I shall
say nothing against that; but 1 shall certainly
avail myself of the opportunity of speaking
upon it, and I have heard of some other Sen-
ators who desire to speak.
Mr. DENTON. I do not like to be dis-
courteous to any gentleman who wishes to
speak, and still I feel that this session ought
to close; and for the purpose of testing the
sense of the Senate on the subject of getting
away from here I move to lay the bill on the
table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from New York moves to lay the bill upon
the table.
Mr. FENTON and Mr. TRUMBULL called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered.
The Chief Clerk ptoceeded to call the roll.
Mr. SCO 1'T. The Senator from Georgia
[Mr. Hill] requested me to state that he was
paired with my colleague, the Senator from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cameron.] Mycolleague
would vote "nay" on this motion, and the
Senator from Georgia, I presume, would vote
" yea."
Mr. CLAYTON. I am requested by the
Senator from Nebraska [Mr.'1 ipton] to state
that he is (mired with the Senator lrom Iowa,
[Mr. Wright.] Mr. Tutox would vote
"y«a," and Mr. Whight would vote ''nay."
Mr. WILSON. 1 am paired with the Sena-
tor from Missouri, [Mr. Scuuitz ]
Mr. ALCORN. I desire to state that the
Senator from Nebraska [Mr. Hitchcock]
and the Senator from Al.ibarna [Mr. Gold-
thwawe] are paired on this question, and
requested me to state the fact to the Senate.
Mr. NORWOOD. 1 am paired with the
Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Morton ] If lie
were here he would vote " nay," and 1 should
vote "yea."
Mr. STOCKTON. I am paired with the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Ciiagin.]
If lie were here lie would vote "nay," and 1
should vote " yen."
Mr. HA.MH/TON. of Texas, (after first
voting in the affii illative.) 1 desire to recall
my voie. 1 am puiu-d with the Senator lrom
Nevada, [Mr. Stewart. J
The PRESIDING OFFICER. If there be
no objection, the Senator's vole will be with-
drawn.
The result was announced—yeas 18, nays
27 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alcorn, Bayard, Blair, Cassorly,
ConfK'i-, D.i,\ i-t ot Wcsi, Voginta, i'enton, Hamilton
of Maryland, Juhnslon, Kelly, Ransom, Sanlsbury,
Sprague. Stevenson, Xlunmun, i'rumbull, Viekers,
ami West—18.
$AYS—Messre. Amos Anthony, TSororaan, Cald-
well, Uarpenter. Chandler, ClaUoti, Cole, Umikting,
Uorbett, i-dmunds, Ferry ot Michigan, Kianagan,
Krelmeliuysen, Log.ni, Morrill of M.une, Nye, Os-
born, Patterson. Pomeroy, Pool, 1'rat.!, ltamsey,
Robertson. Si-mt, bpcucer, and Windom—27.
ABSENT—Mepsts. liunvnlow, Bitekingha ui, Cam-
eron, (Jnigm, Davis ot Kentucky, Ferry oi Connecti-
cut, Gilbeit, Uoidtlnv'aHC, Hamilton ot Texas, ilaiu-
lin, Harlun. Hill, lliiclicock, liowe, Kellotrg, Lewis.
Morrill of Veinioiir, Mor'on, Norwood, Rice, Saw-
yer, Solmrz, Siieimari. Stewart, Stockton, Sumner,
Tipton, Wilson, and Wright—29.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. V1CKERS. Mr. President, I do not
propose to detain the Senate long at this early
hour of the morning. 1 am prepared to offer
an amendment to the bill made in conformity
to the original bill, and which I think ought to
be adopted. Before, however, assigning the
reasons lor that amendment, I will ctate
biieily those which influence me in voting
against this measure.
I ba\e examined it with care, have given it
same reflection, and have come to the clear
conclusion that the bill is unauthorized by the
Constitution. The Constitution reads:
" The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall
not be suspended unless when in cases of rebellion
or invasion the public safety may l cquire it."
It is conceded that there is no invasion.
Consequently, it there is no rebellion, there
is no authority for the suspension of tbis writ.
Paschal, in his Commentary on the Constitu-
tion, says:
"It would seem, as the power is given to Congress
to suspeudthe writ in cases of rebellion or invasion,
that the rigbt to judge whether the exigency had
arisen must exclusively belong to that body."
And he refers to Martin vs. Mott,12 Whea-
ton, 19; and Judge Story's Commentaries,
1342. We have here a decision of the Su-
preme Court of the United States and the
Commentaries of Judge Story, asserting that
Congress has no right to delegate this power
to another. If the Supreme Court is any
authority with the Senate, if Judge Story's
Commentaries are to have any weight with
this body, I do not see how we can vote to
confer upon the President the authority which
is exclusively its own.
This power can only be exercised when the
exigency arises. Who is to judge of the ex-
istence of the contingency when the power
is to be brought into operation? Congress.
It is found among the legislative powers of
Congress. The very clause that precedes it
reads:
"The migration or importation of such persons as
any of the States now existing shall think proper to
admit shall not bo prohibited by tho Congress prior
to tho year 1808," Ac.
And then follows the clause we have under
considetation:
" The privilego of the writ of habeas corpus shall
not bo suspended, unless when in cases of rebellion
or invasion tho public salety may require it."
And following that:
"No bill of attainder or ex post facto law shall be
passed."
It is among the legislative powers of Con-
gress, and belongs exclusively to it. It is im
possible from the nature ot the power that it
can be conferred upon another. It is one of
the most important in the Constitution, per-
haps the most important to be found ill that
instrument. It. is a delicate and a dangerous
power, by which the liberty of the citizen may
betaken from him wiihout warrant, without
any authority shown, and he imprisoned, with
no redress. Ue may lie in prison and be
deprived of his liberty without the means of
inquiry into the cause of his coiumiiment. It
is the most dangerous power that can be con-
ferred or exercised.
Alexander Hamilton, writing upon the sub-
ject of the Cousii'Dtion when it was submitted
io the people Inr tin ir consideration, (and his
opinions must have had great weight wirh the
community to whom lie addressed his publica-
tions,) computing the proposed constitution
of the United Slates with the constitution of
the State of New York, speaks of the several
provisions in the constitution as follows:
"It may well be a question whether these are not,
upon tho wbole, of equal impoi tance with any which
are to bo tound in the constilulion of tbis State.
Tbe establishment of the writ ot habeas corpus, the
prohibition ot ex post facto laws, and titles of liobil-
lly, to vvluch we have no corresponding provisions
in our constitution, arc peiha,i>s greater securities
to_ liberiy than any it contains. The creation of
crimes after the commission ot the fact, or, in other
words, the subjecting ot men to punishment for things
winch, when they were done, wero breaches of no
law, and the practice of arbitrary imprisonments,
have been iu all ages the iavorite and most lorm-
ldable instruments of tyranny."
The observations of the eminent comment-
ator in reference to the latter are well worthy
of recital.
" To bereave a man of life, or by violence to con-
fiscate his estate without accusation or trial, would
be so grossand notorious an actot'des[)ori>m as must
at orice convey the alarm ot tyranny throughout tho
whole nation; but confinement ot the person, by
secretly buriying lulu to jail, where hisi-utferingsare
unknown orfoigotten, isalrss public,a 1 esssttiking,
and therefore a more dangerous engine of arbitrary
government."
As a remedy for this fatal evil, he is every-
where peculiarly emphatic in his encomiums
on the habeas corpus act, which in one place
he calls "the bulwark of tbe British con-
sti'ution."
Before this writ can be suspended there
must be facts or evidence laid before the
power that is to suspend it.. These (acts and
this evidence must be considered and exam-
ined. There is thought, dclibeiation, judg-
ment to be exercised, and there is discretion
after the facts are exhibited and coll.ited.
There must, be a sound discretion wbetberthe
writ shall issue or not; and was it ever known
that a discretionary power could be trans-
ferred ? When a court has discretionary power
there is no appeal .from the exercise of its
judgment. So here. There is a aiscretiou
after the evidence is produced.
When the act of 1871 was passed it was con-
tended that there was h state of extraordinary
disorder in the South which justified the enact-
ment of the law, but there is no such condition
of things now. From the speeches that have
been made and the testimony read during ibis
debate I infer that there is not a single dis-
order in the South connected with this Ku
Klux Klan. It is not alleged by any one that
there is any material violence in tbe South
now. We tire told that there is none in Mis-
sissippi. The Senator from that State [Mr.
Alcobx] told us so. There is none in South
Carolina, where tbe greatest disturbances ex-
isted. The Senator from 'bat State [Mr. Rob-
ertson] says that the Ku Klux Klan is broken
up forever there. It does not now exist, as
far asthe testimony shows, in a single State in
the South. There is no apprehensi in in 1110
mind of any rational man thai these Klans will
be revived. 'There is not a fear in the breast
of a single individual in tbe South or eLe-
where that violations of law will be renewed
and the authority of tbe Government be con-
temned. it is not pretended by any one that
such a sta.te of things is even apprehended.
There is not even ihe most iemote, apprehen-
sion that these things are to be revived.
Then, Mr. President, there being no inva-
sion, there being no apprehension ot any re-
bellion or violence in the South, bow can we
upon our oaths as Senatois declare that we
apprehend a state of rebellion or insurrection ?
For we must, be'ieve. befoie we can vote to
suspend this writ, that there is either actual
rebellion or a reasonable apprehension ol an
approaching resistance to the Government in
those States. I put it to the conscience of
every member of i be Senate whether he believes
that any such condition of thing., will be brought
into existence in that section?
Sir, what is rebellion? It is open and armed
resistance and hosttli'y to the constituted au-
thorities of the Smie or of tbe Uuiied States.
Nothing else is rebellion. Is there anv open
resistance, is there any armed hostility to
e titer the S'ate government. or to the Uni ed
States Government? None whatever. '1 hen
if there be no invasion, which must cotne ti oin
another State or from some exterior power,
and no actual lebellon. and none appre-
hended, how can this wnt be suspended when
tbe Constitution says it. shall only be done in
cases of rebellion or invasion? Nay, sir, it
goes further. There may be rebellion, there
may be invasion, and yet the auTiority to sus-
pend the writ may not exist. '1 he invasion or
the rebellion must be of such a ohaineter and
of such magnitude that the public safety bball
requite the suspension of the writ.
Mr. President, does tbe public safety, the
very existence of one of the States or of the
Government, require the interposition of tho
authoii y of Congress for thesuspension of this
great writ of fight, so dear to every American
heart, and tbe exerii-e of this dangerous
power? It, is called bv the English comment-
ators a bulwark of liberty. What sort of
liberty is that which can be taken lrom an
individual by tbe ipse dixit of one man? Is
the habeas corpus, when it can be suspended
at any time, a bulwark of American liberty 1
