2818
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
110 pretense of a purpose of abandoning his domicile.
It was not a commercial, but a personal domicile.
All the labor, industry, skill, and capital he had
were invested by him in the soil of this territory.
The facts stated in this claim make the strongest
case imaginable of permanent, absolute domicile.
Under such circumstances, an inhabitant is a sub-
ject of the sovereignty within which he lives. He
and his property are alike subject to all taxes and
imposts which that sovereign may or might choose
to impose for purposes of peace or of war. (2 Kent a
Com., see.25, p. 63; 3Greenl. Ev., sec 239; Halieck. s
Int. Law, 717, sec. 2g; 702, sec. 7; 705, sees. 12,13,1-4 ;
Twiss's Int. taw, ii, 233, 298-99; i, 82, 83; Woolsey's
Int. Law, sec. 67,1G8 ; Act 1863, eh. 75, sec, 1; Act
1864, eh. 13. sec. 6; Proclamation bv President, 6th
August. 1861, and 2d April, 1863; Wheaton's Int.
Law, (Dana's ed.,)secs. 321-24; Story s Conn, of
Laws, sec. 68; Kent's Com., (abridged ed.,) i, 217,
222; The Francis. 1 Gall., 314; The Ann Green, 1
Gall., 267; The Joseph, 1 Gall.,568; Indian Chief, 3
Rob., 12; Citto, 3 Rob., 38; Charming Betsy, 2 Cr.,
64; Venus, 8 Cr., 253; Mrs. Alexander's Cotton, 2
Wall., 417; Peterhotf.5 Wall., 60; Venice, 2 Wall,,
274; Ann Catherine, 5llob., 167.) y
An inhabitant, so domiciliated, owes civil and
political allegiance to the local sovereignty, unless
as against the sovereignty of his birth. This alle-
giance and obligation have no limits or qualifica-
tions; and the mere fact that he may not have gone
through the forms of naturalization would be, under
the circumstances of his case, immaterial. It would
furnish no answer to that sovereignty if it should see
fit to make the same demand upon him as upon its
native or naturalized citizens, lor civil or military
service in person, or contributions from his prop-
erty, movable or immovable, for the exigencies of
peace or war. (Citations, 1 supra.)
No powor could call in question these absolute
rights of the local sovereign, unless it be the sov-
ereignty of this inhabitant's birth. Such a question
could not bo settled by tho municipal lawot the sov-
ereignty ot his birth, but by tho law of nations. In
the present state of the law of nations it is extreme-
ly doubtful if there are any circumstances which
would justify the sovereignty of his birth iu inter-
fering for his protection. If there be any it would
be such as furnished proof that the local sovereign
in some way attacked, through this porson, the sov-
ereignty of his birth. Such would be, torinsfcancc,
laws or acts discriminating against tho claimant on
account of his nativity, or conncction with the coun-
try of his birth, or iu derogation of rights of that
country as recognized by international law. (Whea-
ton's Int. Law, (Dana's ed.,) n. 49, p. 145, cases aris-
ing out ol bombardment of Greytown; Wheaton's
Int. Law, (Dana's ed.,) n. 49, p. 145, cases arising out
ol bonibarduientof Antwerp; Twiss'slnt. Law, i, p.
&>; Halieck s Int. Law, p. 691; Whiting oil War Pow-
ers, (ed. of 1871,) pp. 335, 337, doc. cited ; Lord Pal-
merston's speech on the Greytown case, 19th Juno,
1S57, (Hansard, 3d series, vol. 146, p. 41;) Sir Richard
BotUoll's spcech, same subject, U6., p. 49;) Lord John
RusseH'aspeooh. same subjoct, (i/>., p.56;) Lord Pal-
mqrston's speech on compensation lor property ot'
British merchants destroyed at Uleaborg, (ib., pp.
1045, 1016;) Vattol, (Guillnuuiin'a ed., 1803J ii, p. 49,
tho Leghorn case; Lord P.ilmerston's spuech on *he
onso at Leghorn, (Hansard, 3d series, vol. 113, p.635;)
the dispatch from Prince Schwartzonberg to Baron
Ilatter, April 11, 1S50, respecting the a ft air at Leg-
horn, and tho dispatch from Count Nesselrode to
Baron Brunow, May 2,1850, on tho same subjoct.
(These dispatches are found in a Spanish-American
publication, Torren Caicedo Union Latmo~ Americana,
pp. 313, 348;) Opinion of Attorney General Stanbery
on the bombardment of Valparaiso, (Opinions of
Att. Gen., vol. 12, p. 21;) Correspondence between
Mr. Maroyund Count Sartiges,(Ex. Doc. No.9, Sen-
ate, Thirty-Fifth Congress, first session.)
Earl (h'anvillc to Lord Lyons.
Foreign Omen, January 11,1871.
My Loud: I have received your excellency's dis-
patch of tho 6th instant, inclosing a letter from Mr.
Kirby, an English gentleman established with his
family at La Forte Imbault, oomplainingof tho con-
duct of the German troops iu making requisitions on
his property; and I have to instruct you to acquaint
that gentleman that much as her Majesty's Govern-
ment regret the inconvenience and loss to which he
and his family were exposed, it is out of their power
to interfere to obtain any redress for him, inasmuch
as foreigners residing in a country which is the seat
oi war are equally liable with the natives of that
oountry to have requisitions levied on their prop-
erty by the belligerents.
I am, &c„ GRANVILLE.
Earl Granville to Mr. West, March 1, 1871, re-
specting claims generally of British subjects domi-
ciled ini ranee daring the Franco-German war; let-
ter ol Mr. Hammond, March 28, 1871, directed by
Lord Granville on same subject. (This correspond-
ence will bo found in Blue Book for 1871 on Franco-
German war.)
It is not necessary to citizenship that the domi-
cued inhabitant should have the right to vote or
hold political office. Whether he or any other in-
habitant, native or of foreign birth, has those rights
or not under the sovereignty under which they
lived, and to what extent and for what purposes
political or economical, is a matter depending upon
the discretion of that sovereignty, and changeable
at any time. (Citations, supra.)
Whether this claimant had or exercised right of
voting or holding office for any and what purposes
under the confederate authorities does not appear.
A local sovereign has the right to the personal
services of such domiciled inhabitant for police pur-
poses and for defense in war, unless in case of war
against tho nation of his birth. No power can
object, unless it be the sovereignty of his birth, and
that sovereignty could not object except upon
grounds previously stated, of discrimination against
the inhabitant on account of and in derogation of
that sovereignty. (Documents and citations, supra.)
Mr. BANKS addressed the House. [His
remarks will be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. AMBLER. I move to lay the reso-
lution and the pending amendments on the
table.
Mr. BANKS. I wish to withdraw my
amendment which I offered last night to the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio.
There was no objection, and Mr. Banks
withdrew his amendment to the amendment.
Mr. AMBLER. After consulting with my
colleague on the committee and others who
desire a direct vote on the amendment and the
resolution, I will withdraw the motion to lay
the resolution and the amendment upon the
table.
The first question was upon the amendment
of Mr. Bingham, to add to the resolution the
following:
Unless it shall be made to appear, upon investi-
gation, to the satisfaction of the executive depart-
ment, that said Houard had been held for and duly
convicted of an offense committed by him within
the jurisdiction of Spain, and has been prosecuted
therefor under the authority of law and according
to the regular course of proceeding usual in like
cases, and that the privileges secured to citizens ol
the United States by the seventh article of the
treaty of the United States with Spain, dated 27th
October, 1795, were neither denied nor disregarded
on his trial.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
118, noes 19.
* So the amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
resolution reported from the committee as
amended.
Mr. AMBLER. Upon that question I ask
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Can the resolution be
divided in such a way as to allow us to vote
oil that part which affirms that the citizen's
rights should be protected and that proposi-
tion which affirms that this man is a citizen?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. We can demand
a separate vote on the preamble.
Mr. KELLOGG. I ask for a separate vote
on the preamble.
The SPEAKER. Then the yeas and nays
will be considered as applying simply to the
resolution as amended.
The resolution reported by the Committee
on Foreign Affairs, as amended, was read as
follows:
Whereas Dr. John Emilio Houard has, after one
year's imprisonment, and trial by a military court-
martial, been convicted of complicity in an insur-
rection against the Spanish Government m the
island of Cuba, and, upon said conviction, has been
transported to a penal colony of Spain for the term
of eight years, from which conviction, sentence, and
punishment he appeals for protection to the Govern-
ment of the United States; and whereas it appears,
first, that said Houard was a nauve-born citizen of
the United States; second, that he never renounced
his allegiance as such citizen, but, on the contrary,
has claimed to be, and has been enrolled by the
officers of the Government of the United States as a
citizen of the United States: third, that it is not
shown by any form of proof that he ever became,
by any act, asubject or citizen of the Government
ot Spam; and whereas it further appears that his
trial, sentence, and punishment have been in dis-
regard and violation of his undoubted rights as a
citizen of the United States, under the Constitution
and laws thereof, and the treaty of October 27, 1795
between the United States and Spain: Therefore '
Be u resolved. That, in the judgment of this House,
the said John Emilio Houard was, and is, a citizen
ot the United States by birth and continued and
uninterrupted choice, and, as such, is entitled to all
and every protection from this Government, and,
in the opinion of this House, the President should
promptly demand his unconditional release and the
restoration ot his property, which has been confis-
cated to the use of the Spanish Government, unless
it shah be made to appear, upon investigation, to
the satisfaction of the executive department, that
said Houard had been held for and duly convicted
of an offense committed by him within the jurisdic-
tion of Spain, and has been prosecuted therefor
under the authority of law and according to the
regular course of proceedings usual in like cases,
and that the privileges secured to citizens of the
United States by the seventh article of the treaty
of the United States with Spain, dated 27th Octo-
ber, 1795, were neither denied nor disregarded on
his trial.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 143. nays 43, not vot-
ing 54 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Acker, Archer. Arthur. Averill,
Banks, Beck, Bell, Bingham, Bird, James G. Blair,
Braxton, Bright, James Brooks, Buckley, Buffinton,
Burdett, Campbell, Cobb, Coghlan, Commgo, Con-
ner Conner. Cotton, Cox, Creely, Critcher, Crocker,
Crossland, Darrall, Davis, Dickey, Dox, DuBose,
Duell, Duke, Dunuell, Eairie?, Eldredge, Elliott, Ely,
Farwell, Forker, Henry D. Foster, WilderD. Foster,
Garrett, Getz, Golladay, Griffith, lialdeman, Hal-
sey, Hambleton, Hancock, Hundley, Hanks, Harper,
John T. Hairis, Havens. Hawley. Hay, John W.
Ilazelton, Hereford, llerndon. Hibbard, Hill, Hol-
rnan, Hooper, Houghton, Kelley, Kellogg, Kendall,
Ketcham, King. Lamison, Lamport, Leach, Lewis,
Lowe. Marshall, McCormick. McCrary, McGrew,
McHenry. Mclntyre. McNeely, Mercur, Merrick,
Morphia, Leonard Myers, Negley, Niblack. Packer,
Hosea W. Parker, Isaac C. Paiker, Peck, Perce, Eli
Perry, Porter, Price, Ramey, Randall, Read, Ed-
ward Y. Rice, John M. Rice, "William R. Roberts,
Rogers, Seeley, Sheldon. Sherwood, Shoemaker,
Slater, Slots, Snapp, R. Milton Speer, Thomas J.
Speer, Sprague, Starkweather, Stevens, Stevenson,
Storm. Stoughton, Sutherland, Swann, Sypher,
Terry, Washington Townsend, Turner, Tuthill,
Twichell, Tyner, Vaushan, Voorhees, Waddell,
Wakeman, Walden, Waldron, Wallace, Wells,
Whiteley, Whitthorne, Williams of Indiana, Jere-
miah M. Wilson, Winchester, and Wood—143.
NAYS—Messrs. Ambler, Barber, Beatty, Bigby,
Austin Blair, George M. Brooks, Burchard, Freeman
Clarke, Coburn, Dawes, Donnan. Finkelnburg, Frye,
Gailield, Hale, Hays. Gerry W. Hazelton, Hoar,
Lansing, Maynard, McJunkin, Merriam, Monroe,
Orr, Packard, Palmer, Peters, Piatt. Poland, Prindle,
Ellis H. Koherts, Rusk, Sargent, Scofield, Sessions,
Shanks, H. Boardman Smith, John A. Smith, Taffo,
Upson, Wheeler. Willard, and John T. Wilson—43
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Adams, Ames, Barnuin
Barry, Beveridge, Biggs, Boles, Benjamin F. Butler,
Roderick R. Butler, Caldwell, Carroll, William T.
Clark, Crebs, D? uatge, Farnsworth, Charles Foster,
Goodrich, Iiarir r. George E. Harris, Kerr, Kil-
hnger, Kinsella, Lynch, Manson, McClelland, Mc-
Kee, MeKinney. Benjamin F. Meyers, Mitchell,
Moore. Morey, Morg'in, Pendleton, Aaron F. Perry,
Potter,, Ritchie, Robinson, Roosevelt, Sawyer,Shel-
labarger, Shober, Slocum, Worthington C. Smith,
Snyder, Stowell. Strong, St. John, Thomas, Dwight
Townsend, Van Trump, Walls, Warren, Williams of
New York, and Young—54.
So the resolution, as amended, was adopted.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. BOLES said : I am paired on this ques-
tion with Mr. Williams, of New York. If
present, he would vote " ay " and I would vote
" no.''
Mr. L. MYERS. My colleague Mr. Hak-
mer, is paired with Mr. Ames, oi Massachu-
setts. If present, my colleague would vote
" ay' * and Mr. Ames would vote " no."
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
ou the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
preamble, to which Mr. Bixgham had moved
an amendment to strike out the words " further
appears," in the last clause, and to insert in
lieu thereof the words "is alleged;" so that it
would read as follows :
And whereas it is alleged that his trial, sentence,
and punishment have been in disregard and viola-
tion of his undoubted rights as a citizen of the
united States, under the Constitution and laws
thereof, and the treaty of October 27,1795. between
the United States and Spain.
The amendment was agreed to; and thepre-
amble, as amended, was then adopted.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the preamble was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message prom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sympsok",
one of their clerks, announced that the Senate
had agreed to the report of the committee of
conference upon the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses upon the amendment of the Senate
to House bill No. 1060, making appropriations
