1922
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 23,
feet above the highest part of Paris. And
further, in speaking of the water in that well
he says the supply may come forty, eighty, or
one hundred and eighty miles underground.
All of these conditions are presented in the
great basin of Nevada and Utah, and the wide
valleys surrounded by the rim of high ranges
of mountains give assurance that no more
favorable field can anywhere be found for the
successful operation of the artesian well sys-
tem. Indeed, the finding of a flowing well in
the Mohave desert gives positive proof of the
fact. Mr. Dearborn, the discoverer, states:
"A few feet satisfied him that water was near.
The crust was hard and dry, beneath which was a
stratum of moist clay about nine feet thick, over-
ling a bed of quicksand. This soon became too
soft and wet for nim to work in, and he then took a
rake-handle about eight feet long and probed it to
ascertain its depth. With but little effort he drove
it down its full length, and upon drawing it up the
water followed with such force that he was com-
pelled to hasten out of the shaft. The water rose to
the surface of the ground, and has ever since con-
tinued flowing, forming quite a little lake below."
As one of the results of this enterprise, a
large tract of land was rendered valuable.
1 now quote from Professor Ansted:
"The most ancient of such wells that are known
are to be found in the oases of the deserts in the
northeastern part of Africa. In the oasis of Thebes
they are very numerous. They appe.ir to havo hepn
sunk through about eighty feet ot clay .and marl by
a shaft ot six feet to ten feet square, and then bored
through three hundred feet of limestone, beginning
with a six or eight-inch bore. At the bottom of this
limestone, water-bearing sands were met, and the
water seems to have run over the top ot the well.
Xn the Libyan desert some such wells havo been
cleared out in modern times and successfully re-
stored to use. These wells are not less than four
thousand years old. Others of very ancient, but
unknown date were sunk by the Chinese, who have
long known and used tbe method with success."
jjt >j. ¥ x r ^
"But the chief artesian wells and the oldest in
Europe, are those m the north of France." * *
* * "They are sunk through the lower tertiary
strata to the chalks trom whose upper beds the water
is generally derived. The chalk extends in France
from the Belgian frontier in the north, to Poitiers
in the south; and from 'l'royes in the east, to Le
Mans in the west. The central portion is covered
with tertiary strata which are not very thick, and of
which the upper members are for the most part im-
permeable, and the lower permeable. Thus the
construction of this class of welts is easy and inex-
pensive.
"So simple is the operation of boring in this dis-
trict that an artesian well was on one occasion com-
menced at Fontes (Pa? de Ciilais.) in these tertiary
strata at six a. m., and finished at three p. m. the
sameday. Tbedepth bored wnstwonty meters(sixty-
five and a half feet) and a jet of water rose two feet
above the surface, supplying nearly one hundred
gallons per minute. The expense is not stated ; but
it must have been extremely small. In England, in
soft strata, sixty feet can be bored for about live
pounds sterling:.
" The artesian wells of Artois date buck certainly
to the twelfth century, and there is one in Sillers,
said to have been sunk in 112t>, and to havo yielded
always, so far as is knowD, the same quantity of
water. In Italy, at AlodeDa and Bologna, and in
Germany, at Vienna and elsewhere, ancient and
successful wells of this kind exist; but it is only since
the commencement of the present century that they
have become general in Europe. In and around
Paris there were already in 1845 notless than eighty
deep artesian wells through the tertiary strata into
the chalk. All of these were successful; many of
them yielded a very large supply ofwator, and their
costwns not excessive. The supply varies very much
from different wells within tbe same district, and in
different districts, but is tolerably constant in the
samewell. One very remarkable well, -unk atBrou,
on the Maine, in 1845, to a depth of seventy-five
meters, supplied nearly eight hundred thousand gal-
lons per day, the original cost being only £200, This
is an extreme ease; but a supply of from thirty thou-
sand to one hundred and lilfy thousand gallons per
day is a common yield, and the expense of sinking
is extremely moderate. The yield, though in other
respects constant, is not unfrequently interfered
with by tbe choking oi the passage, either from sand
forced up trom the bottom, or trom the falling in of
the sides.
"As a specimen of the larger operations in arte-
sian wells, I may refer you to the sinkings for the
supply of the city of Palis, commenced m 1833, at
Qrenelle, and continued, at intervals, till 1841, when
water-bearing strata below the chalk were reached
at eighteen hundred teet, at a total cost of nearly
fifteen thousand pounds. The first ru^h of water
was at the rate of nearly a million gallons per
day, rising one hundred and twenty feet above the
surface. This continued for some time, and may be
regarded as permanent so fir as the water supply
is concerned." 1 * + ! * * *
"Artesian wells are common also in England, not
only in and around London, where the geological
conditions closely resemble those of Paris, but at
Cambridge, through the gault, at Liverpool through,
the new red sandstone, and elsewhere. London
and Paris are both built in valleys, on tertiary
strata, covering basin-sha,ped depressions in the
chalk to a considerable but variable depth, and in
both localities the bottom beds of the tertiary series
consist of open water-bearing sands, covered with
permeable plastic clay." " * * *
"Thedepth of most of the artesian wells of London
is less than four hundred feet, and none of them are
much above five hundred feet. Some enter the
chalk to a depth of about two hundred ieet or more,
and therefore obtain their water to some extent from
that formation; while others only reaoh the chalk and
obtain water from the sands. The tertiary s trata
pierced are rarely more than two hundred and fitty
feet in thickness."
In some places, Buckland telis us, applica-
tion has been made to economical purposes of
the higher temperature of the water rising
from great depths. Jti WurtembergVonBruck-
man has applied the warm water of artesian
wells to heat a paper manufactory at Heil-
bronn, and to prevent the freezing of common
water around his mill-wheels. The same prac-
tice is also adopted in Alsace and at Canstadt,
near Sluttgardt. It, has even been proposed
to apply the heat of ascending springs to the
warming of greenhouses. Recently this has
been done to a very general extent.
It is not necessary for mo on this occasion 1
to particularize artesian wells in successful
operation in various parts of this country which
have been sunk for the purpose of sugar refin-
eries, breweries, and hotels requiring an abun
dant and constant supply of water, and which
produce from hundreds of thousands to mil-
lions of gallons every twenty-four hours. I
will only add as pertinent to the bill under con-
sideration, and especially in reference to the
dry and arid plains of Nevada, that within the
past ten years not less than seventy-five of
these wells have been bored even in the desert
of Sahara. Around these wells new villages
have been built, thousands of gardens culti-
vated, and tens of thousands of palm trees
planted. In Algeria, also, the French Gov-
ernment by the same means have reclaimed
vast tracts of si^dy desert to cultivation and
habitation.
Mr. Speaker, I do not wish to be too san-
guine in my expectations of the future, but I
have firm faith in the energy and indomitable
will of the American people. During all our
late struggle for national existence the region
of country from which 1 come supplied the
''sinews of war" in abundant annual yield of
the precious metals. What it has done in the
past is but a token of what it will do in the
future. I cherish the hope that it will pro-
duce not alone the precious metals, but will
at no distant day stand behind the Pacific
coast, as Ohio, Indiana, and others of that
tier of States stand behind the Atlantic coast,
to furnish harvests of the field as well as of
the mine, and give strength and coherence to
the Republic in peace and in war. We have
built up towns and cities amid desert wastes.
We have rendered valuable that which before
our coming was valueless, and we have a right
to demand from the Government the little that
is asked for in the measure I propose. It will
not detract from but rather increase the Fed-
eral revenue, and, beside, will add to the wel-
fare and happiness of the people.
PLUNDER BY THE REPUBLICAN PARTY.
Mr. VOORHEES. Mr. Speaker, the con-
dition of many of the States of this Union
excites to-day the mingled pity and indigna-
tion of the civilized world. They are the
theme of sorrowful and of bitter comment
wherever the channels of human intelli-
gence penetrate. They engage the attention
of all the departments of this Government.
Executive proclamations spread evil tidings
a,bout them, and hurl every principle of their
liberties, every muniment of their safety to
the ground. Congress enacts laws against
thern which utterly destroy every vestige of
freedom, and forge and rivet on their help-
Jess limbs tbe fetters of despotism. It also
sends forth its powerful missionaries of mis-
chief in the form of committees, backed by
the money and the power of the Govern-
ment, whose labors are to blacken the char-
acter and fame of their people under the
guise of official investigations and official
reports. The head of the Department of Jus-
tice, the late Attorney General, he who led
his people into the war and then returned to
plague and lay waste the hearth-stones of his
followers, superintended in person the inqui-
sition and tlie torture inflicted upon the de-
scendants of those who fought in the battles
of the Revolution. The Army of the United
States in a time of profound peace is launched
like a bolt of destruction into their midst. It
is engaged in seizing, without sworn charge
or warrant of law, the youth, the middle-
aged, and the gray-haired grandsires, in the
sanctuary of American homes, and driving
them like herded beasts into crowded prisons.
The odious service of Claverhouse, Ivirke,
and Dundee, in the bloody oppressions of Scot-
land, which gave their names more than a
hundred years ago to the everlasting execra-
tion of mankind, is being repeated hourly on
American soil. And the President himself,
in his recent, message, prepared, as he says, in
haste, as if he had affairs of greater import-
ance to engage his attention, yet found time
to give his sanction to all this and to add his
malignant mite to the general arraignment
and accusation.
Surrounded and confronted by this disas-
trous state of public affairs, I rise to address
this House in behalf of free institutions, of
impartial justice, and of the oppressed and
outraged citizen, wherever his home may be
planted. I shall speak by the authority of
those who sent me here. To them I am be-
holden for all that I am, and to them .alone I
acknowledge myself responsible in this world
for what I utter on this floor.
Sir, who has filled one third of the bounda-
ries of this Republic with all the curses and
calamities ever recorded in the annals of the
worst Governments known on the pages of
history ? Nearly seven years ago blessed peace,
like a merciful, white-winged angel, came "to
the land. Who, since then, has poured upon
the unresisting and helpless South the floods
of disorder, corruption, bankruptcy, crime,
oppression, and ruin ? Every result has its
distinct and specific cause in the moral and
political world as well as in the mathematical
realms of the physical sciences. The greatest
thinker and writer of the present century has
said:
"In the moral world, as in the physical world,
nothing is anomalous; nothing is unnatural; noth-
ing is Strange. All is order, symmetry, and law.
There are opposites, but there are no contradic-
tions. In the character of a nation, inconsistency
is impossible. Such, however, is still the backward
condition of the human mind, and with so evil and
jaundiced an eye do we approach the greatest proo-
lems, that not only common wiiters, but even men
from whom better things might be hoped, are on this
point involved in constant contusion, perplexing
themselves and their readers by speaking ot incon-
sistency as if it wore a quality belonging to the sub-
ject which they investigate, instead of being, as it
really is, a measure of tbeir own ignoranoe. It is
the business of the historian to removo this igno-
rance, by showing that the movements of nations
are perfectly regular, and that, like all other move-
ments, they are solely determined by their ante-
cedents. If ho cannot do this, he is no historian.
He may be an annalist, or a biographer, or a chron-
icler, but higher than that ho cannot rise, unless ho
is imbued with that spirit of science which tcaches,
as an article of faith, tbe doctrmo ot uniform
sequence; in other words, the doctrine that certain
events having already happened, certain other
events corresponding to them will also happen."
But this great doctrine of uniform sequence,
of cause and effect in all things, has even yet
higher authority than the powerful and philo-
sophic Buckle, or than any other earthly sanc-
tion. When the traveler over desert plains
finds a cooling and healthful stream he knows
there is a fountain of sweet waters above; but
it the stream is impureaudpoisonous,it needs
no argument to convince him that the source
from which it descends is likewise bitter and
unclean. The apple and the pomegranate, the
