X872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1027
gentleman and myself both being on the Com-
mittee on Appropriations that reported it, as
follows:
" That it shall not be lawful for any department of
the Government to expend in any onefiscalyear any
sum in excess of appropriations made by Congress
for that fiscal year, or to involve the Government in
any contract for the future payment of money in
excess of such appropriation."
We passed that provision, and it was a great
step in the right direction. The House passed
a bili, as the gentleman very well recollects,
providing—
" That all proceeds of old material, condemned
stores, supplies, or other public property of any
kind shall hereafter be deposited and oovered into
the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts, on account
of ' proceeds of Government property,' and shall
not be withdrawn or applied, except in consequence
of a subsequent appropriation made by law ; and a
detailed statement of all such proceeds of sales shall
be included in the appendix to the book of esti-
mates. But this section shall not be held to repeal
the existing authority of law in relation to marine
hospitals, revenue-cutters, the clothing fund of the
Navy, or the sale of commissary stores to the officers
of the Army. And it shall be the duty of the Register
of the Treasury to furnish to the proper accounting
officers copies of all warrants covering such pro-
ceeds, where the same may be necessary in the set-
tlement of accounts in their respective offices."
That bill the Senate has never passed. But
some days since I moved it as an amendment
to the legislative and executive appropriation
bill, believing that as that bill must pass, the
Senate might be induced to adopt that pro-
vision.
Mr. SARGENT. Allow me to say to the
gentleman that the Secretary of the Navy
has acted on the second provision of law
which the gentleman has read, and has refused
to expend one dollar unless it was expressly
appropriated by Congress for that year.
Mr. BECK. I have no private information
as to the action of the Secretary of the Navy,
and, as I said yesterday, I was not attacking
him. I say there was no law compelling him
to so act in regard to the avails of the sales of
property. I have the word of Mr. Saville,
who, as the gentleman knows, prepared this
bill, and I introduced it, that the different
heads of the Departments of the Government,
including the Secretary of the Navy, had
failed to set forth what they had sold during
the last year, although the act that passed
this House required them to do so, and we do
not know now what they have sold.
But the gentleman from California [Mr.
Sargent] is clearly mistaken when he says
that the Navy Department has expended less
than a million dollars over and above the
appropriations since this Administration came
into power. I call his attention to the report
of the Secretary of the Navy, which shows oa
the 30th of June, 1869, to the credit of the
Department unexpended balances to the
amount of $16,490,000. Then let him turn
to the statement of unexpended balances at
the close of the fiscal year of 1870, and he will
find the amount reduced down to $8,000,000.
How was that other $8,000,000, the balance of
the $16,000,000 of the year before, expended
bythe Department? Then let him turn to the
statement for the present year, and he will
find the unexpended balances reduced down
to $1,000,000. Now, I ask, where is the
$16,000,000 gone, in addition to the regu-
lar appropriations which have been made?
/There are the reports of the heads of Depart-
ments, running from 1869 up to the present
time, showing that two years ago there were
$104,000,000 of unexpended balances, and
now there are not thirty-odd millions.
Now, when the gentleman from California
[Mr. Sargent] complains of the extravagance
of my statements, let him turn to the speech
of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Hale,] and
he will see that he says that nearly all the ships
we had at the close of the war have been sold,
and the proceeds have gone no one knows
where. In 1866 we had appropriated for the
Navy Department $111,300,000 to buy ships
and materials which have been sold and are
now gone. I am not saying that they have
been disposed of in violation of law ; I have
not said that. But the proceeds of those sales
have been expended without being reappro-
priated by Congress, and the Representatives
of the people have no check upon any of the
Departments for any expenditures they may
make in that way. That is the cause of my
complaint. The gentleman forgets that when
appropriations are made, and the property is
sold which was purchased by those appropri-
ations, the money thus obtained is not cov-
ered into the Treasury. It is paid to the
Treasurer, who holds it as the agent for the
Navy Department, and it is subject to their
draft, and is drawn out by them again on their
own warrants, without any reappropriation by
Congress. I believe it is strictly true, and the
information will develop that fact when we
obtain it from the Secretary of War, whom I
hope to ask the same questions that I have
asked the Secretary of the Navy, that hun-
dreds of millions of dollars have been expended
that Congress knows nothing about. It is that
system which I complain of.
I am glad the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Banks] has called attention to these
bureaus of the different navy-yards. There
are seven distinct bureaus in every navy-yard,
running independently and doing pretty much
as they please. That is one of the crying evils
of the present system. It is a system I have
been complaining of all the time. We have
taken a step in the right direction by the law
which we passed last year, and if we will just
continue to require these items of information
to be given to us, we will have some means by
which we can exercise a check on them.
Mr. HALE. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Kentucky whether the system of which
he complains is not one which we have inher-
ited from past Administrations?
Mr. BECK. My opinion is that the system
has been bad from the beginning of the Gov-
ernment till the present time. I want to cor-
rect it now. But the malpractices since 186-5
in the sales of property have been frightful, as
the Secretary of the Treasury shows.
Mr. BANKS. This bureau system in the
navy-yards has grown up within the last five
or six years.
Mr. BECK. The system of making these
extensive sales has grown up within five or six
years.
Mr. BANKS. It is a recent abuse compar-
atively.
Mr. HALE. I yield to the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] for five minutes.
Mr. COX. I understand the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] as complaining
very justly of this bureaucracy that has grown
up in the Navy Department. The management
of the Department has become a blunder at
almost every step, because at every turn there
has been this agency of bureaus. Before Mr.
Welles's time the different bureaus of the Navy
Department were in the habit of selling vari-
ous articles among themselves, and charging
each other, so that for years aud years vobody
could tell what the accounts were. Mr. Welles,
however, to guard against these very abuses,
directed that these transfers of property from
one bureau to another should take the shape
of regular purchases, and that when there was
a purchase there should be a proper account
for it. But when a new administration took
charge of the Navy Department all that was
changed; and my friend from Kentucky [Mr.
Beck] is correct when he chargec- that at least
$7,000,000; in fact, the amount was S7,799,373,
was used by the Navy Department, although
never appropriated by the proper action of
Congress.
But, sir, that matter has been thoroughly
ventilated. Let us have a better practice
hereafter. What I complain of is that reform
moves so slowly. What I complain of is that
the Navy Department itself is almost entirely
dead. It has no respect abroad ; it has very
little respect at home. Now, Mr. Chairman,
when I v ote an appropriation, I like to know
how it is to be used. If I furnish a man with a
gun I like to know how it is to be used. What
is the use of our Navy? To give respect to
our country abroad, to honor the American
name, to protect our citizens and our com-
merce? Why, sir, we have now scarcely any
commerce to protect. Our marine is yet to
grow under the fostering care of the State of
Maine, as I suppose, from tharecent bills that
have emanated from that quarter. Before I
vote very much money for a Navy to protect
our commerce abroad, I want to see some real
revival of that commerce or some hope for it.
More than that, I want to see passed not
merely the bill which the gentleman from
Maine introduced the other day, but some bill
which will revive our shipping in such a way
that we may go abroad to purchase vessels as
well as build them at home. I shall take
occasion hereafter, during the five-minutes
debate on this bill, to discuss that question.
Look at our condition abroad to-day. Look
at our condition with respect to Spain and
Cuba. The most horrible butchery ever en-
acted on this star has been committed by the
volunteers under the rule of Valmaseda, and
still goes unwhipped of the world's justice;
and our Navy sneaks around the island with-
out having the courage to demand the rights
of our own American citizens, or even to inter-
pose in behalf of little children who are cause-
lessly butchered.
I want to see, Mr. Chairman, some little
strength in our Navy, some defiance of for-
eign dictation. I suppose that one reason why
we have not seen this is that we have no Navy.
We have no spirit; that is what is the matter
with the Department of State, to start with.
If we had the necessary spirit we would have
the Navy. We want both Navy and spirit in
our Government. I could go to the record's ; I
could refer to the archives of the State Depart-
ment, or even to the files of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
and find testimony enough of outrages com-
mitted upon American citizens which have
never been punished, and for which nothing
iu the shape of indemnity has ever been asked
by our Government. More than that, sir; I
could ask the other gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Butler] as to how the fishing busi-
ness is protected by our Navy. And before I
vote money to increase our Navy and build
more ships, I wish to hear some of that old
defiance of foreign dictation that was once
shown in the Democratic party in the days of
William L. Marcy.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HALE. I will yield now five minutes
to the gentleman from California, [Mr. Sab-
gent.]
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Chairman, the spe-
cific statement made by my friend from Ken^
tucky [Mr. Beck] was that hundreds of mil-
lions of dollars of material had been sold and
recklessly spent in the last five years by the
Navy Department, and that that amount was
in addition to the regular Navy appropriations.
He further said that iron-clads had been sold
and other vessels of a like character, and the
proceeds are unaccounted for. I called hi3
attention and the attention of the House to the
fact that during the last three years less than one
million dollars of property had been sold, and
I also stated the fact that since the passage of
the law of 1870 the amount of proceeds from
the sale of property, a very small amount, has
gone into the Treasury, and has not been used
for any purpose of the Navy Department, and
not a single iron-clad has been sold.
Mr. BECK. What became of the balance?
Mr. SARGENT. The gentleman comes now
with another thing. He shifts his. ground. He
proposes another conundrum* and wishes us to
