1871.
THE CONG-RESSIOKAL GLOBE.
1S1
directs investigation, that authorizes sending
for persons and papers in the investigation,
then they will have this innocent lamb-like com-
mittee of theirs to go abroad when they ftirnish
it with teeth or when its horns shall be suffi-
ciently protruded 5 and 1 say that that will be
a perfect and entire and unqualified evasion
on their part of the whole matter of the invest-
igation.
But the honorable Senator from Nevada says
that so far as this question is concerned the
necessity for the descriptive part of the res-
olution of the Senator from Illinois has passed
by. What is that ? The first clause of it is:
And that said committee be instructed to inquire
into the expenditures m all branches of the service
of the United States, and to report whether any
and what offices ought to be abolished; whether
any and what salaries or allowances ought to be
reduced.
The voluminous report of the Committee on
Retrenchment that I now hold in my hand
shows that there are numerous officers in one
single locality, the custom-house ig New
York, who perform no duty, who report daily
by order, but have never performed duty.
This report sums up a loss to the Government
of probably more than fifty thousand dollars in
the opinion of one witness, money paid for no
service whatever. I find in this report that
one of these unfortunate men who obtained a
position and was sent out to do service with a
comrade who was engaged in keeping a drink-
ing-house on the Harlem road came to a
gentleman and begged him to give him some-
thing to do. "Why," said he, have you not
a position?" "Oh yes, 1 have an appoint-
ment." " Are you drawing asalary ?" "Yes,
I am drawing a salary, but I have nothing
to do, and I am losing my self-respect on
account of it, and I hope, therefore, that
you will give me something that I can do." The
meaning of this was, ' Give me something
to do that I can stay in my position or at my
desk and seem to be at work." Said he, "I
will work for a charitable institution if you
will only let me have the work to do." Yes,
sir, here we have the case narrated of an offi-
cer of the Government having nothing to do,
and ashamed of himself because he was there
from day to day and from month to month
sitting in his solitude, asking to have some
charity work furnished him in order to employ
himself, and that he might not utterly forget
ho# to work while he was in the Government
employ. Sir, this report is not a very old one.
I find that it was presented to the Senate March
3, 1871. I presume the memory of gentlemen
on the other side can run back that far—March
3, 1871. While we have such a report as this
on record, and while the very first clause of
the resolution of the Senator from Illinois pro-
vides for looking into that state of affairs,
the honorable Senator from Nevada, with all
that placidity which characterizes him, comes
in and says, "The occasion has passed by ;
all is lovely, and the bird of Jove soars heaven-
ward." [Laughter.]
I want this committee organized, and I want
it to possess that power which was so effica-
cious in exposing corruption in the custom-
house at New York. I want it because there
is a custom-house in New Orleans, with all def-
erence to the Senator from Louisiana, [Mr.
Kellogg,] and I mean no reflection on him. I
want it because there is a custom house in
Philadelphia also ; and while I have great re-
spect for the collector of customs there, I have
this to say, that the circumstances of his ap-
pointment, if I know anything about them,
are so unfavorable to him as that I would
wish him to be watched, not scrutinized, not
pertinaciously followed, but simply watched.
[Laughter.]
I must explain why I have that feeling toward
the collector of customs at Philadelphia. I
may have a little animosity toward him because
of his conduct toward my venerable friend from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Cameron] in olden times,
[laughter;] but when he uttered those burning,
truthful words; when he so vindicated the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] less
than a year ago; when he so denounced the
infamy that he thought had got control of men
in high places, when that honorable Senator
was deposed from the chairmanship of a com-
mittee; when he uttered that in the_" Press,"
one of his "two papers, both daily," I was so
gratified at the stamina of the man that I
almost gave myself over to weeping when the
President went to Philadelphia and came back
and Forney was made the collector of the port
of Philadelphia. Then I supposed he was
sold. I never expected to hear any further
denunciation from him of what I thought was
a great wrong upon the dignity of the Senate,
upon the rights of a Senator, and upon the
dignity of individual man. Therefore I want
a committee to watch him. I included the
• custom-house in Louisiana because I did not
wish to be invidious, and I now release it.
having accomplished my object. [Laughter.]
But, sir, I desire to retain also the second
proposition contained in the resolution of the
honorable Senator from Illinois. He says he
wants this committee to inquire—
What are the methods of procuring accountability
in public officers or agents in the care and disburse-
ment of public moneys; whether moneys have been
paid out illegally ; whether any officer or agents, or
other persons, have been or are employed in the
public service without authority of law or unne-
cessarily; and generally how and to what extent the
expenses of the service of the country may and
ought, to be curtailed.
The honorable Senator from Nevada says
the occasion has passed by when we want a
scrutiny into the manner in which disburse-
ments are made under this Government. I
think not. I think the hour is just dawning,
and now is, in which if we ever wanted such
a committee wo want it now. How did it
happen—v/e -must know it and the country
must know it—how did it happen that the de-
falcation of Hodge could extend to nearly
half a million dollars, andyet, with all the vigil-
ance of the officers of the Treasury, not be
discovered through somanvyears? Howdidit
occur in the. disbursements of the Treasury that
right in the Treasury itself, right in the cash-
room, right in the vaults of the Treasury, there
were men who were preying upon the Treasury,
rather than praying for the Treasury, and who
have at last confessed their crimes and are to
be brought to justice? I impugn the charac-
ter of 110 officer there, but I say the vigilance
of such an honest, faithful Treasurer as Gen-
eral Spinner was not able to detect it, and if
he was not able, I say let him have all the
ability, all the scrutiny, and all the power that
the Congress of the United States can give
him.
We want no more Hodge defalcations; we
want no more leaks right in the Treasury
itself, without looking into them, if we are
true to the people. Therefore that clause of
the honorable Senator's resolution which calls
for an investigation of that kind is in place, is
necessary, and ought not to be voted down by
1 Republican Senate that wishes to save the
very large remnant of the Republican party.
The third proposition which the Senator
from Illinois offers to the Senate, and which I
fear may be voted down, is this:
And also to consider the expediency of so amend-
ing the laws under which appointments to the pub-
lic service are made as to provide for withdrawing
the public service from being used as an instrument
of political or part}7 patronage.
Mr. President, on this subject of the pat-
ronage being prostituted to the benefit of a
party I have some experience. Thave helped
heretofore to give direction to public patron-
age ; hut when I look back and see the man-
ner in which we have had to do it in order to
be loyal to our Republican constituency and
loyal to our party, 1 stand amazed at the fact
that 1 ever could have consented to it. It will
do you no harm, my fellow-Senators, to refer
to the condition of things in that respect in
the little State of Nebraska. It illustrates
uncomfortably close the proposition under dis-
cussion.
When my first colleague and myself came
here as Senators we found Republicans iii
office all over the State of Nebraska, and though
they were the appointees of Andrew John-
son, they were our fellow-Republicans, losing
no part of the confidence of the people beeause
they held the offices. We thought we must
have the patronage, and that, let itcome from
what source it might, we needed the patronage.
We were out of the material that the boy was
in pursuit of when he declared that he had an
appetite and there was great destitution in
the family larder; and therefore we, ourselves,
when we came to the Senate, had to see to turn-
ing out all the Republican officers in our State.
Two years after I received a reelection. Then
that class who had gone in two years before
had to go to the slaughter-block, politically, in
order to give place to my friends that had
aided me to position a second time. While
they were there reveling in the spoils of office
for twenty-four months, in comes my colleague
to my right, elected by a new set of loyal Re-
publicans; and now we must turn out my sec-
ond cln,ss of friends to be loyal and keep pace
with the interests of the party in its demands
on what I think to-day is a very mistaken
policy. And here I stand, saying to my col-
league, " Go forward, enthrone your friends,
bury mine out of sight; only permit me to
close my ears and bandage my eyes, so that
I shall not hear the crack of the rifle that
drops them to the dust or see thedr bodies
swing from the political gibbet." [Laughter.]
It had to be done. It was necessary wider
the system of party caucuses and party appli-
ances, and it had to be done. It' it was proper
here to-day, I would make respectful mention
of those gentlemen by name, in order that they
might go upon the records, and if there is no
political salvation for them otherwise, save
them in the Globe. [Laughter.] But time
would not serve me ; and I say what has oc-
curred in my State is a transcript of what has
occurred in your State, [Mr. Ramsey in the
chair,] only that you have not been crowding
the elections of Senators so close, for your
teims are six years.
Then I sny there must be an amendment in
this matter, and our people, honest men, true
men, devoted men, when they come to the
public service, must know that virtue and
fidelity will be rewarded, and that every twenty-
four months they are not to beremoved simply
for political expediency merely. I am inclined
therefore to say, "Touch no man but for spe-
cial cause; bar the gates of the Departments
in behalf of those who now occupy them, rather
than continue this everlasting slaughter-house
of honest men."
On this subject my heart is full. I have
seen the operation of the present system ; I
have understood it. I have been myself a
clerk iti one of the Departments under this
Government in this city when, had I not had
the confidence of such a man as Governor
Corwin and such a man as Hon. Thomas
Ewing, whose memory is dear to the American
people to-day, I would have had necessarily
to consent to become a puppet, a slave in my
own estimation, or lose my place.
So much on that point. I understand slightly
the system of removals and appointments. If
I dared to go into appointments that have been
made for t.he purpose of trammeling Senators,
of throwing obstructions in the pathway of
Senators, of retaliating upon Senators' friends;
if 1 dared undertake to uncover the record
upon that subject, and then refer to the State
of New York, to the State of Arkansas, and
to the State represented by that Senator who
has just left my side, from Alabama; if I could
refer properly in this place to all these^and to
my ewn Statet
, perhaps we should have
