1028
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 14,
guess it. He wants to know what has become
of certain balances. He must know that all
balances were covered into the Treasury after
1870 by the act of July 12, 1870.
Mr. BECK. I do not know anything of the
kind.
Mr. SARGENT. I state it as a fact, and
thegentleman knows it, that of the $16,000,000
referred to by the gentleman a large part mast
have been covered into the Treasury by the
actof 1870. But take the whole $16,000,000,
if the gentleman-pleases, that does not amount
to the " hundreds of millions" that the gentle-
man declaimed about. I object to the loose-
ness of such statements. I am glad the gen-
tleman will hereafter get the information which
he has called for, so that he may see, if he
does not know now, how wide of the mark his
statements are.
Mr. BECK. I desire to see this information.
There was not a dollar of the $8,000,000 cov-
ered into the Treasury.
Mr. SARGENT. Very well; I undertook
to trace up the statement of the gentleman
made upon the floor yesterday, and I say that
less than a million is the amount of mate-
rial sold by the Navy Department during this
Administration, and that is not " hundreds of
millions of dollars." Now he attempts to
shift his ground, and talks upon another sub-
ject. I have not had time to examine into
these matters; but if the gentleman's state-
ments are based on the document to which he
refers, which only shows $16,000,000 instead
of " hundreds of millions," then there was no
warrant in anything the gentleman quoted for
the statement he made that "hundreds of mil-
lions of dollars' " worth of material have been
sold and the proceeds used in keeping up the
Navy.
Mr. BECK. I said this, and guaranty it
t.o be true, and if the gentleman will read my
speech he will find it to be so, that in connec-
tion with all the Departments of the Govern-
ment since 1865, after the 1st day of July,
there has been over a hundred million dollars
of public property sold. The same expression
was used by me in speaking of the Navy De-
partment as of all other Departments. While
millions of the public property have been sold,
the information has been wrongfully withheld
from Congress, though application has been
made time and again for such information.
When we do get that information, I believe
that $200,000,000 will not cover all of the
public property which has been stolen and
squandered by these Departments under Repub-
lican administration. Yes, sir, this inform-
ation has been wrongfully withheld, although
many applications" have been made for it.
And it was very well stated by the gentleman
from Maine yesterday, although millions have
been recklessly spent by the Navy Depart-
ment onr ships have been allowed to go into
rapid decay. Whenever we have the informa-
tion before us, and an opportunity is afforded
to examine into these facts, the result will be
found to be just as I have stated it.
Mr. SARGENT. If the information has
been withheld, who withheld it?
Mr. BECK. The gentleman is general ; he
wants to know who withheld the information.
Mr. SARGENT. If withheld, what Depart-
ment withheld it?
Mr. BECK. The information has been with-
held by the Navy Department.
Mr. SARGENT. Oh, no. It has never
been asked for it.
Mr. COX. I can answer the gentleman's
question if he will let me.
Mr. SARGENT. I decline to yield.
Mr. COX. I offered a resolution calling for
this information, and it was voted down by
gentlemen on the other side. They said we
had the information when we had not. If my
resolution had been adopted the information
would not have been withheld.
Mr. SARGENT. I decline to yield.
Mr. COX. The Navy Department did not
answer the resolution.
Mr. SARGENT. I decline to yield.
Mr. COX. I am not talking to you.
Mr. SARGENT. Norltoyou. I hare the
floor but for a minute more. I say that the
information has never been asked by this House
or by Congress, and that no Department of
the Government has wrongfully refused to give
any information we have asked for. And I say
that the statements to-day of my friend from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] on this subject, on which
lie gets so peculiarly excited, are as extrava-
gant as were his statements of yesterday. I i
am satisfied that his resolution of inquiry will
be cheerfully answered, and I believe when it
shows him thathe is mistaken he will have the
generosity to get up and say so.
Mr. BECK. If it shows me that I am mis-
taken, I will acknowledge it.
Mr. SARGENT. I desire to say just one
thing more. Thebalances the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Beck] refers to are not made
up of proceeds of sales. They are rather ex-
penditures of former appropriations. Hun-
dreds of millions were appropriated during
the war, and it was found at the close of the
war that there were large balances of appro-
priations. The gentleman says there were
$16,000,000 of unexpended balances in the
Navy Department. I admit that that was
about the amount. But I say that two years
ago we passed a law which covered all these
tilings into the Treasury, including sales of
machinery, &c.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HALE. I yield five minutes to the
gentleman from Texas, [Mr. Conner.]
Mr. CONNER. My friend from New York
[Mr. Cox] made a remark in relation to our
Navy skulking around Cuba. The American
Navy, Mr. Chairman, skulks nowhere. They
obey the mandates of the Secretary of the
Navy, and conduct themselves in a manner
agreeable to the policy established by the
Administration. That the Navy of the coun-
try has not gone to Cuba and protected the
lives of American citizens upon that island is
no fault of the American Navy, but it is the
fault of an Administration which has inaugu-
rated and is justly held responsible for apolicy
that has brought disgrace upon the flag.
Mr. Chairman, I do not think that it is good
policy to reduce our Navy. I know it is pop-
ular among the people to say that standing
armies and military forces are dangerous to
our institutions. It is true as regards the
Army that in time of peace a large standing
force is not compatible with republican insti-
tutions, and that it was not deemed so by our
fathers because such forces would necessarily
come in collision with our civil authorities
and exert upon them an undue power and
influence. But it is different with the Navy.
Their home is on the sea. They are there to
protect our commerce when we have a com-
merce to protect, and to secure to our citizens
in foreign lands that protection which it is the
duty of every Government to accord to its
people. I find from the report of the Secre-
tary of the Navy that since 1843 the Navy of
the United States has been gradually retro-
grading.
The Admiral of the Navy in his last report
to the Secretary says:
" I wish to call your attention fora moment to the
decadence of our N avy, taking into account the num-
ber of ships and guns afloat or preparing for sea.
" Since the year 1829, when the Navy, during the
existence of the board of Navy commissioners, may
be said to have started into life, the service has but
for a short time increased in efficiency.
"We have now in commission and fitting out for
relief-ships twenty-nine vessels, mounting 389 guns.
Many of these are staunch vessels, but six or eight
of the number will soon be worn out, being built
during the late war of unseasoned white-oak
timber.
"As far back as 1829, we had in commission twenty-
two vessels, mounting 626 guns; in 1813 we had
forty-one vessels in commission, mounting 998 guns;
in 1852, thirty-seven vessels, with 025 guns; in 1853,
forty-six vessels, with 9G7 guns; in 1854, thirty-six
vessels, mounting 631 guns; in 1859, forty-three ves-
sels in commission, mounting 675 guns.
••Thus, from 1S29 to 1870 we fell off m guns an
average of about six per annum, or about 240 guns
in all, and have now afloat 609 guns less than wo
had as far back as 1843."
While we claim to be the first nationality on
the earth in point of wealth, progress, educa-
tion and influence, with a sea-coast perhaps
greater than that of any other Power, and
with commercial resources second to none,
the flag of our country is rarely seen in for-
eign ports, and where other nationalities have
fleets we have but a single cruising vessel. If
we would build up our commerce, if we would
give protection to our eitizens engaged in trade
with foreign countries, we must give those
foreign nationalities some evidence that we
are disposed to protect our citizens who have
business with them.
A few days ago I saw in a newspaper that
some little insignificant Government, that of
Venezuela, had, through its Government au-
thorities, captured some American vessels, had
imprisoned the owners or officers of those
ships, and taken and appropriated the vessels
to their own use. Will any gentleman pretend
to say to me that they would have dared to
have done that if we had had a fleet in those
waters ? They did it because they could do it
with impunity. They knew there was no
danger of being brought to account for it.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. CONNER. I desire to say just one word
more, if the gentleman who has charge of the
bill will yield to me for another moment.
Mr. HALE. I yield to the gentleman two
minutes more.
Mr. CONNER. They knew very well that
there was no danger of their being called to
an immediate answer. They were revolution-
ists, and would be ready, as a matter of course,
when the demand was made by our Govern-
ment to make all necessary apologies. That
does not protect the country; that does not
give to our merchants and to our business men
engaged in trade with those countries the as-
surance that when they invest their money
there it will be secured to them. I therefore
believe that it is bad policy to think of reduc-
ing our Navy. I have nothing to say in defense
of the bad practices which have grown up in
our Navy for years. I have no defense to make
of the reckless expenditures of money. My
remarks are general, aud as to the policy of
sustaining a Navy worthy of the first Republic
on earth.
When the party to which I have the honor
to belong administered the affairs of our Gov-
ernment we had a commerce second to but one
nationality on the planet, and while our Navy
was not so large as some other Governments,
it was yet sufficiently strong to command respect
and to vindicate our rights upon the sea. It
is quite true that we have not the commerce
now that we had then, but its decay is not per-
manent. The people of the country will not
permit that, great interest to die an unnatural
death, or to much longer sleep under the effects
of a congressional opiate. The same power
that will rebuild our shipping will sustain a
Navy. I am proud of our little Navy. Small
though it is, it makes up in valor what it lacks
in numbers. It has never fallen a prey to
political intrigue, but has ever been true to
the country. The records of our Navy fur-
nish the brightest gems of American history.
The CHAIRMAN. General debate has now
been closed by order of the House, and the
committee will now proceed to consider the
bill by paragraphs for amendment.
The Clerk read the first paragraph of the
bill, as follows:
That the following sums be, and they are hereby,
appropriated, to be paid out of any money in tho
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the naval
service ofthe Government for the year eliding June
30,1873, and for other purposes :
For pay of commissioned and warrant officers at
sea, on shore, on special service, and ol those oil tho
