80
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL ttLOBE.
[February 21,
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr, Morton.
42t> Cong.,..2d
tive, that whoever purchased these arms must
pay twenty per cent, of the purchase-money
by four o'clock the next day. The Govern-
ment cannot be trifled with. A man cannot
buy arms to day and hold them for a week,
and, if he cannot find a purchaser in the mean-
time, throw up the purchase, but he must pay
twenty per cent, by four o'clock the next day.
But now, where does the sensational state-
ment come in? Bccause of the dispatch of
Place to the French Government that the
French Government had paid twenty per cent,
of the amount by four o'clock the next day.
The Senator from New York suggests that
four o'clock was simply the end of bank hours.
I suppose that is the explanation o-f fixing a
pari miliar hour ; and here we have this letter
showing why it was done, that it was the ex-
press condition of the sale that twenty per
cent, should be paid by four o'clock of the
next day. What is there alarming in that?
What is there to excite suspicion that our Gov-
ernment was acting in bad faith?
But, Mr. President, that is not all. Here
we have H. Boker & Co. buying fifty thousand
and the French Government paying twenty per
cent, on them the next day! H. Boker & Co.,
a German house! Was there any reason for
our Government suspecting that this German
house was buying arms for France? Was that
a suspicious circumstance? According to the
Senator's own statement, the French Govern-
ment had by four o'clock the next day paid
twenty per cent, on the purchase of the house
of H. Boker & Co., fifty thousand. Here was
this German house, according to the Senator,
selling to France, acting as the agent of the
French Government, first proposing to act as
the agent of the Prussian Government, but not
being received, in other words, being snubbed,
and badly snubbed according to the Senator's
own showing, then acting as the agent of the
French Government, buying fifty thousand on
the 20th, and the French Government, accord-
ing to the statement of Place's dispatch, pay-
ing twenty per cent, of the amount the next
day!
Mr. SCHURZ. Do I understand the Sen-
ator to deny the correctness of Place's dis-
patch, or to question whether the dispatch
was sent? I have the dispatch here. 1 sup-
pose the Senaior does not question that;
does he?
Mr. MORTON. I was not questioning that,
for it is possible that the French Government
may have had a private arrangement with all
these houses, this Geiman house included, to
buy these arms and advance the money. He
says they did. They may have advanced their
own money and the French Government re-
placed it a week afterward or the next day.
Who knows about that? But the point I
make is that the arms were bought by these
three private houses, and one a German house,
and tlse Senator makes the sensational state-
ment that the French Government the next
day paid twenty per cent. To whom did they
pay it? The French Government did not pay
it to the ordnance department; the French
Government, did not pay it to the ordnance
ofliee in New York. If they paid it, they
paid it through these houses, and how could
our Government know where the money came
from? These houses paid the money as their
own money.
Mr. SCHURZ. The dispatch states-
Mr. MORTON. I trust I shall be allowed
to go on.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
rot in the chair.) The Senator from Indiana
will proceed with his remarks without interrup-
tion.
Mr. MORTON. Now I come to another
point. The Senator felt called upon to ex-
plain how it was that the German house of H.
Boker & Co. was engaged in furnishing arms
to France, and he said that this German house
had bought these arms for the German Gov-
ernment, and afterward found the German
Government would not take them and turned
them over to Schuyler, Hartley & Graham.
That is the explanation given by the Senator
himself; but that does not accord with the
other statement. How does that accord with
the fact that the French Government paid
twenty per cent, on Herman Boker's purchase
the very day afterward? If one statement is
true the other cannot be. The Senator is mis-
informed. If Boker & Co. bought, these arms
for the Prussian Government, and held otl to
them for awhile, and when they found that the
Prussian Government would not take them
they transferred them to Schuyler, Hartley &
Graham, and they sold them to the French
Government, if that was so, how does the other
statement hold out that the French Govern-
ment paid twenty per cent, on Boker's pur-
chase on the very next day?
Mr. SCHURZ. I did not reason oh thfe
subject at all. I merely stated what the dis-
patch contained.
Mr. MORTON. I am reasoning oh the sub-
ject, and when I find two statements directly
contradictory of each other I reason that one
of them must be false. That is my reasoning,
and I think it is pretty good reasoning.
Now, Mr. President, 1 want to call the Sen-
ator's attention to another thing. I under-
stood him to say yesterday—but his speech is
not in print, and I cannot verify it—I ask him
if he did not say yesterday that these arms
purchased 011 the 20th of October were imme-
diately placed on shipboard?
Mr. SCHURZ. No, sir ; I did not say that.
Mr. MORTON. Did cot the Senator say
that they were at once transferred to the French
Government?
Mr. SCHURZ. No, sir; I said this: that
the advance of twenty per cent, was imme-
diately made by the French Government.
Mr. MORTON. I have already commented
on that. The Senator from New York sug-
gests to me what I had forgotten, that this man
Le Cesne stated that in all eases the arms were
at once delivered to the French Government
free of charge on shipboard. I know the
phrase "shipboard" was used.
Mr. SCHURZ. I can tell the Senator ex-
actly what he stated.
Mr. MORTON. I choose to go on. "When
were these arms delivered? The Senator talks
about the wonderful celerity of the French
Government advancing twenty per cent., as
if that was a very suspicious circumstance.
"Marvelous velocity," I believe, was the very
phrase that he used. They were not in such
a great hurry to get the arms after all. When
were they delivered by our Government? I
have here from the ordnance department the
dates when they were delivered. Those pur-
chased by Baldwin & Co. were delivered by
our Government December 31, nearly a month
and a half afterward; and that was the largest
number, too. Those bought by Schuyler,
Hartley & Graham were delivered November
28, more than a month afterward ; but those
bought by H. Boker & Co., this German house,
were delivered October 31. They wete the
first that were delivered, so that, this " marvel-
ous velocity" after all does not amount to
anything that is very suspicious. It is a mere
sensational phrase to excite and alarm the
country.
I think I have disposed of that, and shown
that this thing of payitig twenty per cent, the
next day was simply in pursuance of regu-
lar orders issued by the War Department, and
1 suppose in all cases, for 1 think it, is so said,
and it was paid by these houses, not by the
French Government. If the French Govern-
ment paid it, they paid it through these houses,
and our Government knew nothing about that,
Now I come to another statement rhade by
the Senator yesterday. I read from the Asso-
ciated Press report:
"The Senatorfrom New York [Mr. CoNKI.lS'Gjhad
said that Boker ,fe Co. had bought arms which after-
ward got into the hands of Germany. That was a mis-
take. He [Mr. Schukz] had been in communication
with that hou.se, and had ascertained the fact, which
was that th ey had bid upon a quantity of arms for the
purpose of keeping them from the French, expect-
ing to be recompensed by the German Government,
but that Government declined to have anything to
do with the arms, and they then passed into the
hands of Schuyler, Hartley & Graham, and after-
ward into the hands of the Erench."
How does that accord with the statement
that the French Government paid twenty per
cent, on these very arms the next day? Now,
in this connection, I submit that the views of
the Senator from Missouri have been very
much confused upon this point, and that he
has made two substantially different state-
ments, not intentionally, but in fact, showing
that his own notions about the facts are ex-
ceedingly loose. I shall refer to his remarks.
On Friday I said this:
" Why, Mr. President, we were told by the Senator
from Iowa, [Mr. HarlanI—I have not been to the
War Departments learn thefact—that the Prussian
minister, Baron Gerolt, called upon the Secretary
of War, when a public sale was had,'and everybody
could come forward and buy, to ask him to postpone
the sale in order that Prussian agents might have an
opportunity of coming forward and buying these
arms. Here is what the Senator from Missouri said
yesterday:
"' The Senator from Iowa Called already our atten-
tion to certain proceedings which passed between
the Prussian legation and the War Department. He
said that the Prussian minister had requested the
Secretary of War to suspend the sales of arms for a
little while, so that Prussian agents also might have
an opportunity to bid. The Secretary of War having
communicated to me the same statement at the time,
or a short time after, I inquired of the Prussian
legation whether this was actually the case; and the
information I received was this: that indeed they
had requested the Secretary of War to suspend the
sales ot arms for a certain time, but not With a view
to buy for the use of the Prussian Government,
which had arms enough, but in some way, by ad-
vancing money upon them, to prevent the sale of
those arms to thfe French.'
"Now, according to the Senator from Missouri, the
proposition of the Prussian legation here was that
they would deposit money with our Government in
Rome way to prevent the sate of these arms, so that
they should not go into the hands of the French.
Did the Senator know in making that statement in
What an awkward position he placed the legation
here ?"
Now hear What the Senator said again :
" I think I had better make that statement a little
more fully. After I made my remarks yesterday it
occurred to me myself that I had not explained the
thing as fully as I ought to have done. The circum-
stances as told me were the^e: that a New York
merchant, a dealer in arms, if I remember correctly,
Mr. Boker, applied to Baron Gerolt for permission
to make a bid on arms to be sold; that Baron Gerolt
did not feel authorized to give him that permission,
and telegraphed to his Government to obtain their
opinion about it, and that either the Government
positively refused to have anything to do with it or
did not answer at all."
Here Baron Gerolt is left entirely out; no
communication at all with the War Depart-
ment ; but the whole of it simply that Mr.
Boker had called upon him to know whether
he might bid for these arms, and the Baron
would not act without first communicating
with the German Government, which either
refused or gave no answer at all. After the
Senator had made that statement I supposed
that Baron Gerolt had never been to the War
Department; I concluded that to be a mistake,
and I said nothing about it. Now the Sec-
tor comes in again yesterday and says the
Prussian minister did ask our Government to
suspend the sale of arms until he could com-
municate with the Prussian Government.
Mr. SCHURZ, I did not say that yester-
day.
Mr. MORTON. Let rhe see :
"He [Mr. ScHuttz] had been in communication
with th;tt house and had ascertained the fact, which
was that they had bid upon a quantity of arms," &c.
Mr. SCHURZ. I Will inform the Senator
that I said yesterday that the chief of that
Gertiaah house requested the War Department
