2820
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
for the consideration of the great question of
the tariff?
Mr. DAWES. It was the opinion of the
committee there should be about one week's
general debate on the tariff.
Mr. CAMPBELL. Allow me to ask an-
other question. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts but a moment ago proposed to eut
off debate on this great question in which
the whole country is so deeply interested, the
greatquestion of the session, on Tuesday next.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman did not hear
my remarks.
Mr. CAMPBELL. They hare had this
question under consideration for five months,
and yet they propose to cat off the debate on
Tuesday next.
Mr. DAWES. The motion I made was ac-
cording to the opinion of the committee. The
general opinion of the committee was at that
time we were going into this debate last Tues-
day. I propose the same time now, knowing
if the House feel differently they can extend
it; it was that I might indicate to the House
the anxiety of the Committee of Ways and
Means to take the shortest possible time. I
propose to sit here to-morrow for that purpose,
and to devote to it eveiy day except the morn-
ing hour, which is to be between eleven and
twelve o'clock, the remainder of the day until
up to five o'clock being devoted to the consid-
eration of the tariff question.
Mr. CAMPBELL. I desire to say that so
far as I am concerned, or those for whom I
speak, we are opposed to any adjournment
until the question of the tariff is considered
and acted on.
Mr. DAWES. So am I, too.
Mr. DICKEY. Having moved this reso-
lution, I certainly am entitled to say a word in
favor of it.
_Mr. FARMS WORTH. Mr. Speaker, I find
this statement in the morning papers. I wish
to know if it is correct:
"Adjournment. — Sovoral members have called
upon the Ways and Moans Committee to ascortain
wbon tiluy proposo reporting the adjournment reso-
lution, but failing to sot a yaticifaetory answer, a
movement will probably bo mado to instruct the
committee to report back the resolution. Tho Ad-
ministration is anxious for the adjournment of
Congress before tho meeting of tho Philadelphia
convention."
Is that correct or not?
Mr. DAWES. I know nothing about that.
Mr. DICKEY". I believe lam entitled to
a moment, having moved the resolution.
Tho SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania who moved the resolution is entitled
to the floor.
Mr. DICKEY. I merely wish to hold the
floor for a moment. This Committee of Ways
and Means had a resolution precisely in char-
acter with the one I now offer. It was sub-
mitted to them three months ago. They have
been during those three months, indeed through
the entire session, incubating the tariff pro-
posed. We have the result of that incubation
before us. This proposition reported from the
Committee of Ways and Means, and which they
have hatched out, is to be taken as the views
of the House on this question.
Mr. COX. I rise to a point of order.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman will state
his point of order.
Mr. DICKEY. In view of the fact I have
stated I hold the House is just as able to vote
on my resolution now as at any other time.
Mr. COX. Is debate in order on a resolu-
tion to adjourn?
The SPEAKER. A resolution for final ad-
journment is debatable "within certain limits.
It is in order to debate in reference to the con-
dition of the public business.
Mr. COX. _ If the resolution is debatable,
we on this side of the House will have an
opportunity to say something.
Mr. DICKEY. The result of that long
incubation on the part of the Committee of
Ways and Means is now before the House.
The public business is before the House. The
Committee of Ways and Means do not pro-
pose to report anything further. We are as
competent to tell whether we can dispose of
the tariff in a month as they are. I do not
believe that when the House of Representa-
tives referred that resolution to them for con-<
sideration they charged the Committee of
Ways and Means with the full control of that
question.
Mr. W. R. ROBERTS. I rise to a point of
order. Members are so crowding around the
gentleman who is addressing the House that
we in this part of the Hall cannot bear him.
The SPEAKER. Members will please re-
sume their seats.
Mr. DICKEY. I believe this is the first
time in my life when any one supposed that, I
could not talk loud enough to be heard.
[Laughter.!
I wish to say, in answer to the suggestion of
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, that a great emergency might perhaps
arise, and that, having consented to the Senate
resolution, we would then be incompetent to
consider that emergency. Joint resolutions for
the adjournment of the Senate and House of
Representatives have been frequently reconsid-
ered by the joint action of both Houses. The
time has been extended in former instances, and
the same thing can be done again. But if we fix
a day certain, and work up to that day. not-
withstanding all the labor which would have
to be bestowed upon this immense production
of the Committee of Ways and Means which
they have submitted to the House, I think that
by adopting this suggestion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,] and meet
ingeach day an hour earlier and adjourning an
hour later, we might possibly get through in a
month. I would remind the House that the
appropriation bills are further in advance
than they have ever been in any previous Con-
gress at this stage of the session.
Now, as regards the suggestion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farnsworth,] that
somebody has found out that it is the wish of
the Administration that Congress shall adjourn
before the 5th of June, that isquite new tome.
It is quite novel.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is not my sug-
gestion, but the suggestion of a newspaper, and
a newspaper friendly to the Administration.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would remind
gentlemen that he must confine the debate on
this resolution within narrow limits.
Mr. DICKEY. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] has read a statement
in a newspaper article which may or may not
be all right. But I say the public business of
the country can be done in a month if we
choose to do it. The country expects Con-
gress to do its business and go home : and the
sooner they go home the more will the coun-
try bless them, as will the Almighty, who rules
the destiny of all nations.
Mr. NIBLACK. Amen. [Laughter.]
Mr. DICKEY. I move the previous ques-
tion on the resolution I have submitted.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Mr. Speaker,
who has the floor?
I he SPEAKER. The Chair has recognized
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. This proposi-
tion for the adjournment of Congress before
we can practically act upon the reduction of
revenue at all naturally enough comes from
the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania,
who represents what is sometimes called the
" nickel district."
Mr. DICKEY. But I am willing to give
up the duty on nickel if you will only adiourn
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The thirty
cents bounty on nickel 
Mr. DICKEY. £ am willing to make nickel
free if you will only adjourn. [Laughter. 1
^ Mr. ELDREDGE. Put that in your resolu-
tion. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The thirty
cents duty on nickel, which enters into our
plated ware of all kinds, spoons, forks, &c.,
the gentleman desires naturally enough to
keep at that figure. He wishes everybody
who uses plated ware in the country to contrib-
ute thirty cents a pound to the district which he
represents in this House. But other honorable
gentlemen from other States fully comprehend
this, and therefore can account for the natural
anxiety of the gentleman from Pennsylvania to
fix an early adjournment.
Mr. DICKEY. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a single word ?
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Yes, sir.
Mr. DICKEY. Does any report from the
Committee of Ways and Means propose a
reduction on nickel?
The SPEAKER. The Chair must call the
attention of the House to the position of this
question. The resolution of final adjourn-
ment, being privileged, may at any time be
moved, as now, taking thechairman ofthe Com-
mittee of Ways and Means off the floor on
a motion to suspend the rules for the House
to go into Committee of the Whole. If the
debate should be allowed to extend so as to
bring in the tariff discussion, it is an abase of
the privilege, and the Chair must restrain such
a debate.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I hope I may
be allowed to answer the gentleman from
Pennsylvania in the matter of nickel.
The SPEAKER. The Chair was endeavor-
ing to restrain the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania as he is now endeavoring to restrain the
gentleman from New York. The only appro-
priate debate on a resolution for final adjourn-
ment is that which relates to the state of the
public business, and cau only be indulged
within very narrow limits.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I propose,
then, more seriously to address the House.
Mr. SARGENT. I hope the gentlemau
will be allowed to answer the question about
nickfil
Mr. BROOKS, of Now York. In April
last, in an address which I made to the House,
I pronounced—I need not say predicted—that
I was satisfied from the returns then before
the country that at the end of the fiscal year
$100,000,000 of taxation would have been
levied upon the people more than was neees«
sary for the expenditures of the Government.
The report of the Secretary of the Treasury
shows my prediction to have been not only
correct, but in point of fact 
Mr. HOAR. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that it is not in order to debate the
merits of a particular measure pending before
the House.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I am about
to show, if the honorable gentleman who rep-
resents wire will have patience, how my argu-
ment applies. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOAR. Will the Chair rule upon the
question of order?
^ The SPEAKER. The Chair has several
times ruled on it.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I know the
rules of order, and I will " wire in and wire
out," and strictly confine myself to the rules
of order.
Mr. DICKEY. The question is whether
the gentleman can keep on the track.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. There will have
been at the end of the fiscal year $100,000,000
of taxation imposed on the people more than
was necessary to carry on this Government,
and on the 1st of January approaching, if
nothing is done in relation to the tariff, there
will be $150,000,000 more than are necessary
tor the expenditures ofthe Government.
Jir 519^ r*se Lo a point of order.
Mr. BROOKS, ofNew York. I am in order,
and if the gentleman will allow me, I will
show it.
Mr. HOAR. I suppose the Speaker must
decide that question.
Mr. BROOKS, ofNew York. The Speaker
must understand the current of my thought
