1872,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1925
kig hand of licentious power. She was the J
most splendid quarry in all history for the vul- 1
tures, the kites, and the carrion-crows that 1
darken the air at the close of terrible civil war, j
and whet their filthy beaks over the fallen;
■j,nd they soeedily settled down upon her in !
devouring ffoeks and droves.
Sir, let us refresh ourselves at this point
with some reminiscences of tlxe former history
of Georgia, and in that •way fix a basis for
comparisons between her condition in the past
and the present deplorable state of her affairs.
When the calamities of war broke upon the
country in 1861 she was free from debt, if
she had any outstanding obligations at all,
they were for merely nominal amounts. Her
people felt none of the burdens of taxation,
fhe expenses of her State government, were
almost wholly paid by the revenues of a rail-
road between Chattanooga and Atlanta, which
was constructed and owned by the State.
Faxes throughout all her widespread borders
were trifles light as air. The burdens -of gov-
ernment were easy upon her citizens. Her
credit stood high wherever her name was
mentioned; and wheu the war closed she
was still free from indebtedness. If she had
incurred any during the four years of strife,
she was required by the Federal Government
to repudiate it upon the advent of peace. Now
look at her to-day, after six years and a half
of supreme control by the Republican party.
She had been a member of this Union more
than seventy years when the war came, and '
found that she owed no man anything. Her
rulers in the olden limes doubtless had faults
in common with the imperfect race to which
we belong, but larceny of the public money
was not'among them. Yoa took her des-
tiny into your hands a few brief years ago,
incumbered by no liabilities, and you now
present her, to the amazement and horror of
the world, loaded with debts which reach the
appalling sum of at least §50,000,000. A large
portion of these debts are officially ascertained
and stated, and tho remainder are sufficiently
well known to warrant the statement I make.
The mind recoils, filled with wonder and indig-
nation, in contemplating this fearful and gigan-
tic crime. It had no parallel in the annals
of all the nations and the ages of mankind
until the ascendency of tho Republican party
and its inauguration of State governments in
the South. Now all the seven vials of the
ipocalypse have been opened on that great,
and beautiful, but unhappy region ; and the
crime against Georgia ia but one of many
others of kindred magnitude inflicted by the
tame party on other States.
The authors of this stupendous burden,
however, are not even entitled to the benefit
of the full time since the incoming of peace
for its creation. It was mainly tho work of
only about three years. In 1868, a year more
fatal to the interests of the people of lliat
State than the scourge of pestilence, war, or
famine, the most venal and abandoned body
of men ever known outside of the boundaries
of penal colonies, State prisons, or southern
reconstruction, was chosen as the Legislature
of Georgia; not by the people, but by virtue
of the system which you enacted and put in
force. It contained a large majority of your
political adherents, men who vote your ticket,
support your candidates, and with whom you
embrace and affiliate ou all political occasions.
They were tho leaders and the representatives
of the Republican party.
With them, too, came into office one who
speedily securcd a national reputation, and
became a controlling power in your national
councils.,. At one time Rufus R. Bullock
dictatcd'the legislation of Congress and the
actions of the Executive in regard to the great
and ancient Commonwealth that was cursed by
his presence. It was his potent finger that
pointed out the pathway which led to your
second assault upon her State government;
srsd it. was his voice and his presence in and
about these Halls that commanded and cheered
you ou to the breach. He was mentioned in
many quarters as the probable candidate of his
party for that exalted place now held by a dis-
tinguished citizen of my .own State, the second
highest in the gift of the American people.
He was a successful, conspicuous, and brilliant
specimen of your system. His advent into
Georgia was as the agent of some express com-
pany. He had no permanent interests there.
I have been reliably informed that his poll
was his entire tax when he was elected Gov-
ernor. He neither knew nor cared for the
people or their wauts. He was there as an
alien and a stranger spying out the possessions
of a land that was at his mercy, and embrac-
ing every opportunity to seize them. He is
now a fugitive from justice, a proclaimed and
confessed criminal, with stolen millions in his
hands. He wont into tho South on that wave
of reconstruction which bore so many eager,
hungry, and inhuman sharks iu quest of prey ;
and, having in a few short years glutted his
savage and ravenous maw, he now retires
into the deep.waters of the North to escape
punishment <su the one hand, and to enjoy the
comforts of his plunder on the other.
With such a Governor and such a Legislature
in full and perfect sympathy arid harmony with
each other, morally and politically, a career
of villainy at once opened on the soil of Geor-
gia, which will go down to posterity without a
peer or a rival in the.evil and infamous admin-
istrations of the world.
The official existence of the Legislature
lasted two years, commencing in November
of 1808. The Governor was elected for a
term of four years, and served three before he
absconded with his guilty gains. Pirates have
been known to land upon beautiful islands of
the sea, aud with cutlass, dirk, and pistol pro-
claim a government, pillage and murder their
inhabitants, aud from the shelter of their
harbors sally forth on ail the uuarmed com-
merce that the winds and the waves brought
near them. Bandits have been known to rule
over the secluded wilds and fastnesses of
mountain ranges, and with bloody hands ex-
tort enormous ransoms for their prisoners:
but the pirate and the bandit ha^e not been
worse or blacker in their spheres thau the
Republican Legislature and the Republican
Governor of whom I am speaking were in
theirs.
Sir, I hold in my hand the official statistics
on which I make this charge. The reports
of the comptrollers general of Georgia show
that for eight years, commencing with 1855
and ending with 1862, there was expended for
the pay of members and officers of ail her
Legislatures during that entire period the sum
of §866,385 53. This is the record of her
administration under the management of her
own citizens. During the two years' exist-
ence of the Republican Legislature elected in
1868 tho report of the comptroller general
shows that there was expended for the pay of
its members and officers the startling sum of
$979,055, only a fraction less than $1,000,000.
One Legislature is thus discovered to have
cost $112,669 47 more than the Legislatures
of eight previous years in the single matter
of its own expenses. There has been no in-
crease in the number of members. On the
contrary, there are fewer now than under the
former apportionment.
In earlier times the clerk hire of jtlie Legisla-
tures of that. Stat e did not average over $10,000
per aimir.n. That item alone reached the sum
of #125,000 for the one Legislature whose con-
duct I am discussing ; more than equal to the
expenditures on that account of any ten years
of the previous history of Georgia. Her
General Assembly consists of one hundred
and seveuty-iive representative v and forty-
four senators, making two hundred and nine-
teen, taking both branches together. The
record discloses one hundred and four clerks
in the employ of this body while Ibc Repub-
lican party had the ascendency there. One
clerk for every two legislators "is a spectacle
which I commend to the consideration of the
American tax-payer and voter everywhere.
Who can doubt that such a body was organ-
ized for the purposes of robbery and extortion?
There is another high-handed outrage, how-
ever, in connection with the payment of its
members and- officers which surpasses the
deeds of even a professional highwayman.
The children of the State'did not escape. By
the constitution of Georgia the poll-tax of its
people is made a part of the common-school
fund, and set aside as sacred to the cause of
education. Two hundred and fifty thousand
dollars had accrued from this source when the
ill-omened Legislature of 1868 convened. Be-
fore it finally adjourned this whole amount
provided for the cause of learning and human
progress was swept away. Not a single dollar
was left. An appropriation for their own ex-
penses placed it all in the pockets of the
members, clerks, and other officials. They
took this money, belonging to children white
and black, as pay for their own base services
in the cause of universal destruction, bank-
ruptcy, and misery. They robbed the rising
generations of both races, deprived tbem of
school-houses and seminaries, and left tlienx
to gropo their own unaided way out of tli3
realms of ignorance.
The hand of tho spoliator at times in the
history of the world has taken consecrated ves-
sels from the altar and plundered the sanctuary
of God. Even the hallowed precincts of the
giavc have sometimes been invaded and the
coffin rifled of its contents; but human villainy
has sounded no lower depth than was hero
fathomed, in stealing the very books of knowl-
edge from the youth of the land.
Having given these evidences of inherent
depravity, this most memorable Legislature
proceeded naturally to its work of more gigan-
tic peculation, fraud, and corruption. The
limits of my time on this floor will permit me
to bring forward only a few of its deeds, but
like the specimen ore of the mines, they will
satisfy the explorer that strata, veins, lodes,
and layers of rascality lie under the surface,
beyond. The treasurer of Georgia, in his
recent report, informs the public that prior
to the year 1868, and since reconstruction
commenced, there were issued in State bonds
35,912,500. He further states that he lias
ascertained the amount of $13,756,000 to have
been issued since the jear 18G8, and then
proceeds to say:
" Governor Bullock had other large amounts under
tbo same act engrossed and sent him. But thi? office
docs not know what lias become of them."
The treasurer has pushed his discoveries to
nearly twenty millions, and then finds that large
amounts of other bonds have been issued
which are not registered, and which are now iu
unknown hands. The extent of these' float-
ing, vagrant liabilities may fairly be estimated
by the character and conduct of those who
created them. Let us, however, examine one
transaction which will serve as a key to the
whole history of that Legislature. A charter
was granted to construct what was to be knewn
as the Albany and Brunswick railroad, a dis-
tance of two hundred am! forty-five miles. For
this work the Governor was authorized to
issue the bonds of the State to the extent of
823,000 per mile, making a subsidy in money
to one railroad corporation of §5,639,000. The
bonds have been issued, put upon the market,
the money realized for them, and their redemp-
f ion will fall upon the tax-payers of the State.
In the mean time the road has not been built,
and the proceeds of these bonds have gone
into the coffers of private individuals. This
fact is not disputed ; it stands confessed; and
no words of mine can darken the hues ot
its infamy or increase the horror and indigna-
tion with which it will be regarded by tho
American people.
Other railroad schcmos followed in rapid
