1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
lie offioers or agents in the care and disbursement
of publio moneys; whether moneys hare been paid
out illegally ; whether any offioers or agents, or
other persons, have been or are employed in the
publio service without authority of law or unneces-
sarily; and, generally, how and to what extent the
expenses of the service of the country may and
ought to be curtailed.
And also to oonsiaer the expediency of so amend-
in? the laws under whioh appointments to the public
service are now made, as to provide for withdrawing
the publio service from being used as an instrument
of political or party patronage.
Mr. SHERMAN. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Illinois a question. Does he desire
tliat as a permanent instruction to a standing
committee of the Senate for all time, or is it
only for this session ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. My object is accom-
plished by saying "for this session."
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator desires
an investigation of that kind for this session
I will vote for it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do, for this session.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems to me the whole
debate has gone on without recognizing the
distinction between a standing committee and
a special committee, but I say now to the
Senator that if he desires the investigation
during this session to cover these points of
inquiry I will vote for granting these powers ;
but to make this a permanent standing grand
jury of this body in all time, as long as this
standing committee exists, I think is totally
indefensible, notwithstanding all the eloquent
speeches that have been made. But if the
Senator proposes now, for this session, to
direct this committee about to be organized,
to pursue this kind of investigation, I am per-
fectly willing to vote for it. I have 110 objec-
tion to it, except that I would like to have the
resolution more specific as to the matters
about which the inquiry is to be made ; but as
it is offered in general form, I am willing to
take it as it is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope the Senate will
adopt it, then. The committee falls at the
end of every session.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This instruction is sep-
arate from the appointment of the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the instruction ex-
pires with this session, I understand.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me explain. The
committee is now to be formed. The indi-
viduals to compose it have not yet been des-
ignated, but there is to be a Committee of
Investigation and Retrenchment. It will be
precluded from doing anything till the Senate
gives it something to do. The resolution order-
ing it contains a clause that it is to consider
such matters as shall be referred to it by the
Senate. It can never do anything, then, until
something is referred to it by the Senate.
Now, I propose this instruction for the govern-
ment of the committee to be organized. I
want to get rid of these technicalities, and 1
have no objection to its being said that it shall
be an instruction for this session, if that is
more acceptable to the Senator from Ohio.
And while I am on my feet I want to say one
or two other things.
_ Whatever others may say, I have no dispo-
sition to have an investigation that is hostile
to the Republican party. I disagree utterly
with the Senator from Indiana that an investi-
gation of the kind that I propose is hostile to
the Republican party. I believe that the Re-
publican parly has done great good to this
country. It started as a reform party ; it pro-
claims everywhere its devotion to honesty, in-
tegrity, purity in the Government; and the
Senator from Indiana is not to put me in the
position of saying that the Republican party is
more impure than other parties have been.
He insisted yesterday that the Republican party
was as pure as any of the parties that had pre-
ceded it,. Did I ever suggest anything differ-
ent? But I trust we are progressing and im-
proving, and when I propose to have an inquiry
made into the expenditures of the public service
and to learn whether any, and what, offices
can be abolished, and an inquiry into the ac-
countability of public officers and agents, is
that hostile to the principles of the Republican
party ?
I am utterly astounded at the position taken
by some members of this body. Shall it go out
to the people of this country that an inquiry to
ascertain what are the methods of procuring
accountability in public officers or agents in
the care and disbursement of public money is
hostile to Republicanism? Is that the idea
of Senators? Why this zeal to rush in to the
defense of Republicanism and the President
when nobody proposes to assail either?
The President of the United States is in
favor of economy. He tells us in his message,
yith great satisfaction, that the plunderers of
the public Treasury have been hunted down,
prosecuted, and convicted in numerous in-
stances. He tells us that he urgently pressed
upon Congress a year ago a reform in the civil
service. He tells us in his message that he is
in favor of amnesty to the people of the South,
and gives a reason for it that cannot be an-
swered. And when I struggle here day by day
to have a resolution adopted in aid of reform
in the civil service, which in his annual message
the President has proclaimed to the country
that he is for, and when I offer an instruction
to a committee to inquire whether useless
offices can be abolished, and propose that the,
manner of keeping accounts and the account-
ability of public officers, many of whom, as the
disclosures of the last few months show, have
been plundering the public Treasury, speculat-
ing with the money of the people for years
without its having been found out, should be
inquired into, is it to be said to the American
people that such inquiry is hostile to Repub-
licanism ? It is hostile to nobody but those who
are corrupt and dishonest. Will any one
insinuate that this Administration does not
want honesty in the public service? I make
no such insinuation.
This resolution is in aid of purifying the
public service, elevating the public morals,
bringing about greater security in the collec-
tion and disbursement of public money, and
I am utterly astounded at the apparent effort
made here by certain Senators to place others
in a false position before the country. I do
not know that they design it. I made no
appeals to party considerations. I disclaimed
them at the outset; but we find some Senators
speaking of the amendment I offered as if it
was ho,stile to some party or person. Now,
sir, my hostility extends to abuses. It is
against the system I protest. I am for purify-
ing the public service, and that is my only
object. It is not to hit at any individual, and
no Senator here will be more gratified than I
if the investigations, when they take place,
show honesty and fidelity in all departments
of the Government. But we have seen enough
of defalcations within the last few months to
justify an inquiry as to how the accounts are
kept; and 1 think that there ought to be no
objection to such an instruction to the com-
mittee as I have proposed.
I know that the Senator from Nevada rises
and makes sport of economy; tells you that
he is paid the pitiful sum of $5,000 a year,
and that he spends it all in ninety days—more
than fifty dollars a day! I am sorry that that,
Senator, economical, prudent, abstemious ill
all his habits, as we all know him to be, finds
it necessary to spend more than fifty dollars
a day. [Laughter.]
"We have been met by technicalities from
the beginning in regard to this matter. The
same resolution that had been adopted time
and again, and which the Senator from Ne-
vada had voted for and supported for five
years—half the time he has been in the Sen-
ate—-is now discovered, for the first time, to
be a horrible resolution and dangerous to the
rights of the citizen. The resolution was not
aimed at anybody but officeholders and the
manner of keeping public acoounts. It is not
proposed, as has been intimated, to send for
persons and papers of private citizens who
have no relations with the Government. The
object is to ferret out abuses in the public
service. And is there any objection to cloth-
ing a committee with authority to send for
persons and papera for such a purpose?
I believe there is now a disposition to clothe
the committee with the powers I suggest; but
the argument was yesterday, when this propo-
sition was first started, against any committee
on retrenchment. It is immaterial to me
whether it is a committee of retrenchment of
the Senate alone, or a joint committee of the
two Houses. 1 want the most efficient one,
and I acquiesced very readily in the disposi-
tion to make it a committee of the Senate. It
is just as satisfactory to me as a committee of
both Houses.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my good friend
a question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Certainly.
Mr. EDMUNDS.' I ask whether he was not
appealed to to propose to make it a committee
of the Senate before he offered his resolution ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Then my friend's recol-
lection and mine do not agree at all, for if he
had proposed it to be a committee of the Sen-
ate, 1 would have gone for it any time.
Mr. CONKLING. So we all would.
Mr. SHERMAN. And there is not a mem-
ber of the Senate, I imagine, who would not
have voted for a proposition to refer any par-
ticular charge, or even a general charge made
in this body, to the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is the vei-y point:
" any particular charge." That is what de-
stroys the value of the committee in my judg-
ment. If it is to be a committee to investigate
a particular matter that is referred to it, with
authority to send for persons and papers ill
reference to that matter only, it will be a com-
mittee of very little use. Suppose this com-
mittee is to go on and investigate the manner of
keeping accounts. We cannot tell in the Sen-
ate in advance—at least I cannot; the Sena-
tor from Ohio is doubtless more familiar than
I am with the manner of keeping the accounts
of the Treasury Department, but I could not
frame a resolution to go to that committee
directing them in what particular office they
were to look for that defective system of keep-
ing accounts which allowed plundering to go
on for years without discovery. The com-
mittee must go clothed with the authority to
see what checks there are upon the manner of
keeping accounts, and they will be of very
little use without it.
Mr. President, the Senator from Vermont
is mistaken in his recollection, because I had
had no conversation with anybody about intro-
ducing into the Senate the resolution for a
joint committee till it was offered just at the
close of a session of the Senate ; but when it
was thought better to have a committee of the
Senate alone, and the Senator from Rhode
Island came forward with such a proposition,
I am sure the Senator from Vermont did not
hear any objection from me; but I did want
the Senate committee which was to be raised,
or whatever committee was to be raised, to be
clothed with authority to make the investiga-
tions into the matters set forth in the resolu-
tion which I originally offered to the Senate,
and which was a copy of the old resolution
that had been adopted time and again on the
vote of all of us. I shall be much gratified
now if the objection is withdrawn, and the
committee of the Senate, which, it has now
been determined to raise, can be clothed with
the same authority heretofore conferred on the
joint committee of the two Houses.
Mr. MORTON. Mr. President, I cannot
permit myself or those with whom I act in
this matter to be put in a false position by
the remarks of the Senator from Illinois. He
has represented me as saying here that a prop-
osition to investigate the affairs of the Gov-
