1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1029
retired list and unemployed, and for mileage or
transportation of officers traveling underorders, and
for pay of the petty officers, seamen, ordinary sea-
men, landsmen, and boys, including mon for the
engineers' force, eight thousand five hundred men,
at an average pay of $300 each per annum, $6,500,000.
Mr. COX. I move to strike out the last
word of that paragraph, simply for the purpose
of remarking in response to what has been said
by my friend from California, who came at
me in rather a snapperado style, that there has
been no effort made to inquire into the matter
which has been discussed by the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Beck.] Sir, I offered a
resolution, very carefully drawn, upon the 1st
of February, 1870, asking the Secretary of the
Navy first, that he furnish a statement of the
unexpended balauces of each and every ap-
propriation of the Navy Department, and of
the respective bureaus of that Department, on
the 1st of March, 1869; second, of the bal-
ances of each appropriation on the first day
of each succeeding month thereafter until
the 1st of February, 1870, and the aggregate
of expenditures for this period, and if in ex-
cess of the appropriations for the entire fiscal
year ending the 30th June, 1870, the amount
of such excess; and third, a statement of the
amounts received and credited to the proper
appropriations from sales of vessels, stores,
and other property, from March 1, 1869, to
February 1, 1870.
That resolution was objected to by the gen-
tleman from Tennessee, [Mr. Maynard,] and
by another Republican from New York, [Mr.
Kf,i,sf.y,] and as the gentleman from Califor-
nia has said, it is not the fault of the Navy
Department that they have not answered the
resolution, because it was not passed, but they
did take notice of it, and after awhile some
gentleman here said that it was already an-
bweredin Executive Document No. 79, "Treas-
ury balances unexpended," and when we had
these balances tip we found that it was not a
satisfactory exhibit. When gentlemen upon
this side of the House offer resolutions with a
view to ascertain facts upon which to base dis-
cussion in debate, the gentlemen on the other
side vote down our resolutions, or if they vote
for it, the officer to whom the resolution is
addressed sends such general statements that
we cannot understand them.
But, sir, I am happy to know that a reform
is going on in this particular. I am happy to
know that a resolution of my friend Kentucky
[Mr. Beck] has been adopted this morning
asking for information as to the receipts for
property sold by the Navy Department, i trust
that Department is better employed than when
my friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes]
bragged that the incoming Secretary saved
$2,000,000 a year on eoal, when his predeces-
sor only spent $135,000 upon coal! I think
lie ought, perhaps, to have credit for reform-
ing the Administration to some extent.
Mr. DICKEY. The Secretary of the Navy,
then, had an unexpected balance.
Mr. COX. The gentleman was on the
Committee on Appropriations and should look
that up. My gallant friend from Texas has
referred to the fact that our naval vessels were
skulking around the islands of the sea. I did
not mean to limit the remarks to Cuba. I
might extend it to other islands. I might go
among our fishing grounds. I might refer to
the fact that vessels engaged in our fisheries
have been seized, but I meant no reproach to
the Navy. The reproach belongs to the gen-
tlemen who direct them from Washington. I
hope there will be an improvement in this
regard, and there certainly ought to be.
Mr. SARGENT. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I have not but a word or two to say.
The gentleman after I left had some criticisms
in reference to my style, with which I never
sought to win his approbation, and to other
matters which I do not know are worthy of
reply.
Mr. COX. I beg pardon of the gentleman ;
I simply said this, that he came at me in a
"snapperado" style. Perhaps there is no
propriety in that expression, and I will with-
draw it, and say that the gentleman has always
behaved courteously to me.
Mr. SARGENT. At the time the gentleman
refers to I was addressing the Chair strictly in
order, while he insisted upon talking out of
order. And in maintaining my right to the
floor and declining to yield, I may have spoken
ill what he terms a "snapperado" style, though
I do not know in what lexicon he will find
such a word.
Mr. COX. It is in the Polyglot dictionary.
Mr. SARGENT. As to the Navy Depart-
ment I have simply this to say: I defended it
in that it had not refused to give any informa-
tion asked for by this House, or by Congres3.
I was not defending Congress or this House
in not asking for the information. It would
be sufficient, perhaps, for me to defend my-
self by saying that I never objected to any
resolution asking for information of this kind.
But the Navy Department is not justly liable
to all the diatribes and philippics which gen-
tlemen have launched against it for not fur-
nishing this information.
Mr. COX. I will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BECK. I renew it. I do not propose
to go into a discussion of this bill, nor do I
propose to object to it particularly. I suppose
that it has been carefully prepared, and that
perhaps it ought to pass substantially as it now
stands. I know the Committee on Appropria-
tions cannot change the law, and they have to
report appropriations according to even bad
laws. We meet the same difficulty here that
we met in regard to the Indian appropriation
bill. In regard to that bill we had to make
appropriations according to the Indian treaties,
however bad many of them were. We have a
bad system of legislation, but the Committee
on Appropriations have to act in accordance
with it, because they canuot change the law.
The bureau system that pervades all the
Departments and all the navy-yards of the
country is all wrong. I am glad that this
House did, on my motion, on the very last day
of the last Congress, say thatwe did not intend
to be longer bound to make appropriations for
treaties, right or wrong. I do not propose to
be bound by such as have been made with the
Indians longer than is absolutely necessary.
And when the time comes that we can safely,
without danger of war, withhold appropriations
under those treaties, I will be one who will
stand by this House in refusing to carry out
those treaties; and I will be one who will
endeavor to reform our naval system by abolish-
ing these bureaus whenever we can safely do so.
But what I want to get at is this: as I said
before, I do not want any bureau or any De-
partment of this Government to have the right
to sell the property of the Government with-
out being obliged to pay into the Treasury the
money derived from such sales, there to re-
main until the Representatives of the people
shall withdraw it by act of Congress. And I
say now, that whenever we get full answer to
the resolution of inquiry we have adopted—for
this is the first, time we have ever got a resolu-
tion througli this House authorizing any sueh
inquiry—the fact will be developed that hun-
dreds of millions of dollars' worth of property
has been sold and disposed of, and it lias been
beyond the power of Congress to say what has
become of any of the proceeds of those sales.
If 1 said the Department has refused this
information to members of Congress, 1 used
improper language. Congress has steadily
refused until now to allow this information
to be asked for. This House has passed a
bill which the Senate did not pass, but sent
back, but I hope they will pass it in the future,
and we will thereby be enabled to get all the
facts in relation to the expenditures of all
the Departments of the Government.
I do not want to wrangle about this matter.
I want to say to the gentleman from California
[Mr. Sargext] that when I spoke about the
unexpended balances of the Navy Department
being reduced in one year from $16,060,000
to $8,000,000, I was not shifting my ground
at all; I was merely endeavoring to show that
he was misinformed when he said that the
Department had expended less than one mil-
lion dollars more than the amount appropri-
ated for its use.
Mi-. SARGENT. That is not tlie point. I
said that less than one million dollars' worth
of property had been sold by the Department,
whereas the gentleman said that hundreds of
millions had been sold.
Mr. BECK. Since the 1st of July, 18G5,
was my statement, and the speeeh of the gen-
tleman from Maine [Mr. Hale] bears me out
in that statement. And they want now to sell
forty-six more ships. And if wo do not require
them to pay into the Treasury the money for
which those ships may be sold, and let it
remain there till we take it out by act of Con-
gress, I am afraid they will expend it and we
will not know what becomes of it. I do not
want them to do that. Many ships have been
sold, perhaps to favorites and at low prices, and
not a dollar has been held till again appropri-
ated by Congress, but it has ail gone. How
much does it amount to? Can the gentleman
tell me? If it does not amount to hundreds of
millions it is because the ships have been sold
to favorites for less than they were worth ; for
those ships cost many, many hundred million
dollars—I will not say how many. They have
been sold, and the proceeds are gone, as the
gentleman from Maine admits. We never
reappropriated a dollar of that money, "nor
authorized its expenditure. The money has
gone in ways that Congress knows not of. 1
want to stop the Department from conducting
business in that way for the future.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Chairman, I do not pro-
pose during the pendency of the bill to take
up much time, preferring that the bill should
run along without discussion on my part, be-
cause I think it does not.need it. But one or
two remarks seem to be called for by the state-
ments of the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr.
Beck,] in whose candor I commonly have
great confidence. I have no doubt it is the
fact, as he says, that some laws appertaining
to the management of the Navy Department
might be improved. That is undoubtedly true
of every other Department of the Government.
We have not reached the era of perfection.
But that any extravagant expenditure is going
on, that the money of the people is spent waste-
fully by the Department now particularly under
consideration, I do not believe. It is very easy
to make general statements—to say that the
laws and the acts done under them are bad,
that hundreds of millions of dollars are ex-
pended needlessly; but it is well for gentle-
men of the committee to bind themselves down
to the facts of the aggregates. !' Take care of
the minutes," says the proverb, "and the
hours will take care of themselves." The con-
verse of the rule is true, that if the hour is
taken care of the minutes must have been taken
care of.
Now, what is the record which this Depart-
ment presents to the people? From the time
when the great appropriations were expended,
during the war and the years immediately suc-
ceeding the war; from a period commencing
with 1868 inclusive, and coming down to the
present year, the expenditures of the Navy
Department have been only—I cannot take
time to give the figures hi detail—from nine-
teen to twenty millions annually. So far as
regards unexpended balances, I believe it can
be shown that since Congress took that matter
in hand and provided that all sueh balances
should be turned into the Treasury, the law
has been complied with by the Navy Depart-
ment. The expenditures in the aggregate do
not justify these general charges, as gentlemen
will see by an examination of the figures.
Now, Mr. Chairman, as to these old ves-
sels. I did say yesterday, and I reaffirm it
