1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2821
! before he can rule on the point of order,
i [Laughter.]
j Mr. STEVENSON. It may be very hard to
j do that.
' Mr. DICKEY. That is imposing a difficult
: task on the Speaker.
| The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
i York is an old parliamentarian, and the Chair
: hopes he will not require the Chair to interrupt
: hiin.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. The point
I wish to establish, and I will approach it
directly, is that nothing is so unwise, so unjust,
so oppressive to the people as now to fix a day
of adjournment irrevocably, depending alto-
gether upon another branch of this Govern-
ment, and irrepealable, when $100,000,000 of
surplus revenue were taxed upon the people
this year and $150,000,000 will be on the
approaching 1st of January, when the tariff can
be revised. Now, I trust the gentleman from
Massachusetts fully comprehends that the gen-
tleman from New York was, as usual, wholly
in order.
Mr. Speaker, I suppose that it is strictly
within the rules of order to show that we
should not tie ourselves down, the manacled,
chained slaves to any resolution of adjourn-
ment, the subjects of the honorable gentle-
man from Pennsylvania who represents nickel,
and the honorable gentleman from Massachu-
setts who represents wire.
Mr. DICKEY. I must again repeat my
question. Does any gentleman of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means propose to affect
the duty on nickel?
Mr. KERR.- I do most emphatically.
Mr. DICKEY. Have you made any such
report?
Mr. KERR. I intend to make such a propo-
sition, and I want a chance to do it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must object to
this character of discussion. He must hold
the House to the direct resolution before it-
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. Thatlintend
to do if honorable gentlemen will not inter-
rupt me, because I apprehend the full force of
the decision of the Speaker that I should show
why the day and hour of adjournment should
not now be fixed by an irrevocable resolution;
and the reason why it should not be thus fixed is
that in Committee of the Whole, under the five
minutes' discussion upon a long bill like this
reportfromthe Committeeof Ways and Means,
it. is wholly within the power of ten, fifteen,
or twenty gentlemen so to prolong debate as
to render it impossible for us to act upon the
tariff before the day and hour of adjournment
which they have fixed upon, and which is
irrepealable.
If it were in order—and I would like the
decision of the Chair upon that point—I would
like to show the perils of thus fixing the day
of final adjournment because of the outrageous
exactions of the existing tariff.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman must see
that that would contravene the rule of the
House which says that all bills for revenue
shall receive their first consideration in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I bow to the
decision of the Chair. I will now yield a por-
tion of my time to the honorable gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] the chairman of
the Committee'on Appropriations.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I desire to con-
fine what I say entirely to the condition of the
public business in reference to the appropri-
ation bills, and to try and show the House about
how much time, it seems to me, the Committee
on Appropriations will need for the transaction
of the remainder of their business. The House
has been very kind to the Committee on Appro-
priations, and has acceded to its recommend-
ations in a way that makes every member cf
that committee grateful.
This is the condition of their business: while
it is true that of the twelve appropriation bills
ten have passed the House, it is also true that
but one, and that the pension appropriation
bill, about which there is the least debate of
any and the least difference of opinion, has
become a law. The other eleven bills are still
not only not laws, but two of them—the forti-
fication appropriation bill, which has not yet
been acted upon by the House, and the most
difficult of all, the miscellaneous appropria-
tion bill—have not yet been reported to the
House. The miscellaneous appropriation bill
requires more time for consideration than any
other of the twelve.
Again, the Senate has passed the legislative
appropriation bill, and it has been in confer-
ence between the two Houses for the last four
days. To that bill the Senate made ninety-
three amendments, sixty of which are now
pending in conference between the two
Houses; that is, the House has not yet agreed
to the report of the committee of conference
on the matter of differences. The Indian ap-
propriation bill has come back from the Senate
with seventy amendments, and they are now
in the Committee on Appropriations for con-
sideration. The diplomatic appropriation
bill has come back with a large number of
amendments, which have not yet been con-
sidered by the Committee on Appropriations.
Those four appropriation bills alone have be^.n
acted on in the Senate. Eight of the great
appropriation bills have not yet been touched
in the Senate. Of course, all these bills must
come back and receive twice again the consid-
eration of the House, for each bill must obvi-
ously have three considerations by the House.
It passes once on its first consideration ; again
when it i3 sent back from the Senate with
amendments, and the third time upon the
report of the committee of conference.
Now gentlemen can see the nature of the
work upon appropriation bills which we will
yet be compelled to ask the House to do. If
we shall adjourn on the 29th of May we will
have twenty-eight secular working days if we
work every Saturday. If the House will con-
sider how much of those twenty-eight days
must be taken up in the work yet remaining
to be done on the regular appropriation bills,
they will see how small a portion will be left
for other business. Therefore, to look at the
matter only in the light of the appropriation
bills, without particular reference to other
matters before the House, I should deem it
exceedingly unwise to now agree to finally
adjourn this Congress in May ; but if business
is promptly performed, I think we may be able
to get through early in June.
Mr. SARGENT. About the 12th of June.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I now yield
to the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farns-
wokth.]
Mr. FARNS WORTH. I concur in the re-
marks of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gar-
field] and the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks,] about now fixing the time for
final adjournment of this Congress. I wish to
address the sober second thought of the House
on this question. It has become too much
the custom of the House of Representatives
toward the close of a session to hurry through
its work. Every member of experience in this
House knows too well that when Congress
"journs very few members know what is in
the bills that are last passed through Congress.
We have been too much in the habit, and if
we fix this early day of adjournment we must
continue in the habit of rushing bills to a com-
mittee on conference when they come from
the Senate with a long string of amendments,
and then receiving and actinj, upon the reports
of those committees of conference without
knowing anything more of what those com-
mittees put in the bills than we know of what
is transpiring in Egypt. I am very glad that
the present Committee on Appropriations have j
taken pains to some extent to prevent this, I
that is, by procuring the numbering and print- I
ing of the amendments, so that the House may
know something of what those amendments
are by referring to the numbers.
If we shall now fix the 29th of May for final
adjournment, we shall go through the same
process as heretofore ; we will probably have
evening sessions, with an attendance of scarcely
a quorum ; from night to nightatfew members
coming here and sweltering under the heat
and light of this Dome, and doing the business
of the House badly. We shall be passing
propositions by unanimous consent, without
knowing what we are consenting to; and when
the 29th of May arrives, and the Speaker's
gavel announces the final adjournment, we
shall adjourn without knowing what we have
done, and with a large part of the business we
have been incubating not acted upon at all.
Then, as has frequently occurred on account
of the failure to pass some of the appropria-
tion bills, we shall be met before leaving
Washington with a proclamation from the
President convening Congress in extra ses-
sion.
Why, sir, there is not time enough between
to-day and the 29th of May to enable ns to
attend properly to the appropriation bills
which are yet unpassed, giving due attention
to the important subjects embraced in them.
I do hope that the House will attend to its
business in a decent and dignified manner,
giving sufficient time to the consideration of
the public business, and adjourning when we
get ready. There need be no haste to adopt
the resolution for final adjournment, for such
a resolution is always privileged. It may be
offered three days before the time proposed
for adjournment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. I yield ten
minutes to the gentleman from Indiana, [Mr.
Cobuhn.]
Mr. COBURN. Mr. Speaker, I can regard
nothing as more unfortunate than for this
House now to determine to adjourn on the
29th of May. We cannot tell, if we continue
to go along as we have for a month past, how
little will have been accomplished by that
time. We have done hardly anything within
the last month. The mere passage of a reso-
lution to adjourn is not calculated, it strikes
me, to bring the House to a much more
efficient state of action than we have been in.
Why, sir, what is the condition of the busi-
ness before the committees of this House aside
from the Committee of Ways and Means and
the Committee of Appropriations? There is
enough of business, and important business,
before the committees to occupy, and more
than occupy, every morning hour from now
until the 29th of May. Let me call the atten-
tion of the House to the committees that have
not been called this session; that have been
working now for five months to perfect the
public business. And when gentlemen talk
about "public business," I wish to say that
I regard public business as embracing some-
thing more than the work of the Committee
of Ways and Means and the Committee on
Appropriations. There is the Committee on
Indian Affairs, the Committee on Military
Affairs, the Committee on the Judiciary, the
Committee on Private Land Claims, the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, the Committee on the Territories,
the Committee on the Insurrectionary States.
Every one of these committees will require more
than two successive days of the time of the
House to discharge faithfully its duties; and
thus all and more than all the time from now
until the proposed day of adjournment will be
fully occupied, to say nothing of the work of
other committees.
Why, sir, we might as well not meet at all
if we are to meet in the style in which we have
met, and at a given time without regard to
tbe condition of our work lay it aside fool-
ishly and madly, and never take it up again.
