82
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
[February 23,
Senate.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Trumbull.
42d Cong.,..2d Sess.
Here we have the report submitted and ac-
cepted for these changes. Now, when did the
new arm first make its appearance ? And here
I desire to state a general proposition that
will not be denied by anybody. It is a matter
of great importance that the arms shall be uni-
form, that the same cartridge shall suit one
gun that will suit another, and that the parts
shall be interchangeable, so that if a man
changes his musket without his cartridge-box,
it makes no difference, and you can bring dif-
ferent regiments together and mingle them
and issue the same kind of ammunition to all.
It is a well-recognized military principle that
the arms should be uniform. But it was found
after this new arm was made that the parts
were not interchangeable. The Government
at once commenced selling the breech-loaders
on the model of 1866 as soon as those on the
model of 1868 were delivered. I have a state-
ment here from the ordnance office giving the
dates:
"Model of 1868 issued up to March, 1869. The
model of 1868 Issued in small numbers late in 1869
and generally to the Army in 1870."
And these breech-loaders of 1866 were sold
in the fall of 1870 after the new model had
generally been delivered to the Army.
"There are now held for sale by the ordnance
department 10,905, model of 1866. They have been
withdrawn from the field, cleaned and repaired, and
prepared for sale."
And when the Government shall sell these
last ten thousand all of the model of 1866 will
have been disposed of, and all the arms in the
hands of our troops and in the arsenals will be
uniform and the parts interchangeable and one
cartridge will suit every musket. The Sena-
tor from New York [Mr. Conkling] further
suggests, what is stated in another place, that
the arms sold have been sold for the full cost of
manufacture and that our Government has lost
nothing by it. Now I give the reason why
they are sold. I give the reason in the express
language of the statute authorizing the Secre-
tary and directing him—it is imperative, it is
not even discretionary—to sell the "pld can-
non, arms, and other ordnance stores now in
possession of the War Department which are
damaged or otherwise unsuitable for the Uni-
ted States military service or for the militia
of the United States.'''
Now I come to the militia. The Govern-
ment is not issuing arms to the militia; but
suppose it was, the same importance exists
for having a uniform arm with the militia that
exists with the Army of the United States.
Could the Senator (and I know he is a high
military authority) suggest any reason why
there should not be the same uniformity with
the arms in the hands of the militia as those
in the hands of the Army of the United States?
Who is to determine that question whether
these arms are "otherwise unsuitable" for the
service of the United States? The Secretary
of War and the constituted authorities of the
War Department, the ordnance department.
They had agreed upon it. A board had been
called. I have the proceedings of that board
here. I have read a portion of them. They
had agreed upon the changes to be made.
After consideration those changes were adopted
by the Secretary of War, and orders issued to
all the shops where these arms were made,
and the changes were made accordingly. Who
was to determine it?
Mr. SCHURZ. Will the Senator permit me
to interrupt him ?
Mr. MORTON. Yes sir.
Mr. SCHURZ. Does not the chief of ord-
nance, and his statement is certified to by the
Secretary of War under his official seal, de-
clare that all these arms and ordnance stores
were fit to be issued to our own croons ?
Mr. MORION. Why, Mr. President, must
I go over that again ? Is it possible ? He cer-
tihes that the arms were fit and that they y/ere
in good order; but the difficulty was that the
pattern itself had been discarded and we had a
better patent. They were good arms com-
pared with those with which we fought the bat-
tles of the late war; but we have got a better
one, and of course we wanted the best one,
and our ordnance department had determined
that they would supersede the patent of 1866
■with the improvement of 1868; and that is the
whole of it. Must I explain that any further
to the Senator ?
Now, Mr. President, I think the last shred,
the last miserable tatter of this pretense is
gone. There is absolutely nothing left of it.
The attempt to create a suspicion has utterly
failed. The utmost that this movement has
aspired to was to construct a suspicion. It
was thought last week that suspicion had been
constructed, but it was overturned. Then the
Senator .came forward in the work of recon-
struction, I believe about the only kind of
reconstruction he is in favor of now ; but that
has utterly failed. I do not know what the
Senator from Massachusetts may be able to do
in tiie conclusion of this debate; I know that
he is able and he will do all that can be done ;
but he will be wholly unable to construct even
a suspicion.
Then, Mr. President, I dismiss this argu-
ment with the concluding consideration that its
purpose was political; its object was to affect
the condition of parties. I have chosen to go
behind the pretense to the real purpose. I
have laid that bare, and here I leave it.
Sales of Arms to French Agents.
SPEECH OF HON. L. TRUMBULL,
of illinois,
In the Senate of the United States,
February 23, 1872.
The Senate having under consideration the reso-
lution in relation to the sales of arms to French
agents—
Mr. TRUMBULL said:
Mr. President : Every effort at reform and
to expose and correct abuses is met in this
body by assaults upon those who make the
effort, by aspersions upon their motives, and
by allegations of bad party faith. Questions
affecting the purity of the Government, the
interests of the people, and the welfare of the
public, in the opinion of some members of
this body who assume to be the peculiar expo-
nents of the Republican party, should no
longer be decided upon their merits, but with
a view to their political effect.
Chief among those who would subordinate
the public welfare to party stands the Senator
from Indiana, [Mr. Morton,] who in the dis-
cussion of the resolution under consideration
has devoted several hours in speeches made
upon different days to party politics ; and not
content with assailing those who have thought
it their duty to move the present investigation
and have taken part in the present debate, the
Senator wanders away from them and takes
occasion to speak of a senatorial cabal, and
to refer to movements made at other times
and other stages of the session in favor of
investigation.
I do not know by what authority any mem-
ber of this body assumes to be the peculiar
exponent of the Republican party, or even of
the Administration. Before I conclude I in-
tend to say something, not upon the subject
of investigation in regard to the sale of arms by
the Government, but in reply to these repeated
assaults of a political character made by those
who assume to be better Republicans than*"
their fellow-Senators, and, unless I misunder-
stand what the principles of the Republican
parly are, 1 think I shall be able to show that
he who stands foremost here on all occasions
to denounce others as making assaults upon
the Republican party has himself forgotten
the fundamental principles on which the Repub-
lican party was founded and has always stood.
In the first place, I propose to show how an
attempt is made on every occasion to defeat
every effort at reform, no matter from whom
it comes nor in relation to what subject, lest it
should injure the party; and in this Chamber,
where partisan considerations ought never to
interfere with the discharge of public duty,
where the legislation should be for the coun-
try and not for any particular party in the
country, we have time and again heard made
appeals to party for the purpose of carrying
measures.
In the discussion which occurred in this
Chamber as long ago as March last, on the
question of displacing the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Sumner] from the position
which he had long held with great service to
the country as chairman of the Committee oa
Foreign Relations, it was boldly announced by
the Senator from Indiana that—
"The question with us now is not as to the pro-
priety of the change that has been made in the
chairmanship of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions, but whether we intend to stand by the organ-
ization and the usages of the Republican party."
It was not a question of propriety here by
Senators on oath in the discharge of public
duty, but a question of fidelity to party organ-
ization.
In the further discussion of party allegiance,
and of the duty to vote as it is supposed will
best promote party ends, the Senator said
that when the party had made a decision "it
may be even against my convictions of right,
but as far as_ all personal considerations are
concerned I give my solemn pledge that I will
abide by its action." Yes, sir, contrary to his
solemn convictions of right in the exercise of
his duty as a Senator, he gives his pledge in
advance that he will abide by the decision of a
party caucus!
This doctrine was announced nearly a year
ago. Again, at the commencement of the
present session, when it was proposed to raise
a committee to inquire into the abuses of Gov-
ernment, the proposition was met by certain
Senators with all sorts of obstacles. You will
remember in the first instance it was proposed
to raise a joint select committee of the two
Houses of Congress, such a committee as we
had had for several Congresses without objec-
tion, to inquire into existing abuses in all the
departments of Government, to know whether
there were supernumerary officers employed,
whether men were in the public service
who performed no duties.and ought to be dis-
charged, and generally to ascertain the con-
dition of the public service with a view to
purifying and improving it. The objection
was made that a joint select committee was
improper, particularly a committee vested with
power to send for persons and papers and to
make investigations. No such objection had
been made to the committee which had existed
for years ; but now it was insisted that all sub-
jects of inquiry ought to be referred to the
standing committees of the Senate. We had
standing committees, it was said, upon almost
every subject to whom any matter could be
referred, although it was known that no stand-
ing committee ot the Senate was charged with
the duty of inquiring into the abuses of Gov-
ernment.
It was thus that the first proposition for in-
vestigation was met, with what motives I will
not undertake to say, but it was understood
by the country as a mere evasion to avoid
investigation; and when the voice of the
people began to be heard in favor of investi-
gation, in favor of exposing and correcting
abuses, we finally found the very Senators
who had started out with hostility to the ori-
ginal proposition proposing to raise a commit-
