3718
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
us turn, therefore, to the guarantee clause of
the Constitution:
" The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government, and
sbal 1 protect each of them against invasion, and, on
application of the Legislature, or of the Executive,
(when the Legislature cannot be convened,) against
domestic violence."
"The United States shall guaranty," it
"shall protect each of them against invasion."
Mr. CARPENTER. Whether Congress is
in session or not?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, whether Congress
is in session or not, and in that case whether
the State applies for it or not; but so far as
insurrection against the State is concerned, it
is only to act in case the Legislature when in
session, or the Executive when tbe Legislature
cannot be convened, shall apply to the Govern-
ment of the United States. This provision
of the Constitution makes the application by
the Legislature of a State or by the Executive
of a State conclusive evidence of the fact that
there is such an insurrection.
Mr. CARPENTER. If my friend will per-
mit me, I will say that that is undoubtedly
true, but still there are facts to be dete:mined
on that application. The question is, is that
the Legislature ; or if the Legislature is not
in session, is that man the Governor? And
the Supreme Court, as my friend will recollect,
decided in the Rhode Island case, where the
question was who was Governor in that State,
whether Dorr or the other man, that when the
President had settled the question that Dorr
was the rioter and that the other man was the
Governor, that was the decision of the Gov-
ernment, because Congress had conferred upon
the Piesident the power which the Constitu-
tion conferred upon this Government to act
when the government of a State applied, and
when he said that man'is the Governor and
moved his troops, or when he even proposed to
move them, that was equivalent to a decision
of the whole question.
Mr. THURMAN. That is no answer, I
submit, to what I am saying at all. If the
President has the power to say who is the
Governor of a Slate, that does not determine
the question that is now before us at all.
Mi\ CARPENTER. It is impossiblfj^that
my friend cannot understand the pointl am
trying to make.
Mr. TIIORMAN. I think I do.
Mr. CARPEN l'ER. The Constitution con-
fers this power on the Government to sup-
press insurrection in a State on application
from the Legislature, or of the Governor in
the case mentioned. I understand the Sen-
ator to argue that this case is different from
the case of the suspension of the writ of
habeas corpus, because he says that under the
fourth section of the fourth article there is no
discretion in the Government of the United
States; the tjueslicn is to be settled by the
State authorities whether they want the inter-
vention ol the General Government, and when
they say they do, that ends it, and Congress
may therefore confer on the President the
mere ministerial duty of obeying the order of
the State. But that is not true. The Gov-
ernment of the United States has in the first
place to determine wheilier the application
that is made to it is made by tlie Governor of
the Slate, because that isa juiisdictional fact;
and in the Dorr case the Supreme Couit said
that, and held that if tbe Pi esident had prom-
ised to sustain tbe other government, that was
tbe decision of the United States that Dorr
was not, the Governor of the State.
.'Jr. THURMAN. Now I will try, if I can,
to make myself understood. That only shows
that power is vested in the President irrespect-
ive of any act of Congress on the subject at all.
Mr. CARPEN 1ER. Notatall. The court
in tb nt. Rhode island case put it upon the ground
that the power which the Constitution vested
in the Government had been transferred and
delegated by Congress to the President. They
put it upon the ground of the act of Congress,
which 1 have read, not upon the Constitution.
The Constitution vests the power and imposes
the duty upon the Government in gross or at
large, not upon the President, and the Presi-
dent cannot interfere in the matter except as
Congress orders him to.
Mr. THURMAN. It is very true that the
Supreme Court in that case spoke of this act
of 1795, but that is a wholly different thing
from the question that is now before us. I
have already said that Congress has a right
under the Constitution to provide for sup-
pressing an insurrection. That is not the lan-
guage of the clause which inhibits the sus-
pension of the writ of habeas corpus at all;
and under that power it is perfectly competent
for Congress to say that the Congress when
called upon by the Legislature of a State or
the Governor of a State shall tender this aid.
That is all perfectly right.
Mr. CARPENTER. If my friend will par-
don me once more, let me try to make clear the
point between us. The Constitution does
certainly vest in the General Government the
power to suspend the writ of habeas corpus,
does it not ?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes.
Mr. CARPEN CER. It does not say who
shall do it. It dues not say whether Congress
shall do it—that is, in that place—or that the
President shall do it. All there is and all
there can be made out of that provision is that
the Government of the United States in a par-
ticular case has the power to suspend the writ
of habeas corpus. Now, how is it to be done ?
It is to be done under the last clause of the
legislative section which says :
" Congress shall have power to mnke all laws
which shall be necessary and proper torcarrying into
execution the foregoing powers, and all other pow-
ers vested by this Constitution inthe Government of
the United States, or in any Department or officer
thereof."
How do they do that ? By providing that
the President shall, when proof is made to
his satisfaction, do trie thing.
Now, when you come to the suspension of
the writ of habeas corpus, it is precisely the
same as the power to suppress an insurrection.
Tbe power is conferred on the Government.
In one case you - may say the language is a
little more in detail, but the substance is the
same, because the power to suspend the writ,
like the power to suppress domestic violence
in a State, is by the Constitution vested in the
Government. How does it get in the Presi-
dent? It gets there because one clause of the
Constitution says Congress may by law pro-
vide for executing all these powers in the
Government, and it did provide, as the court
said in the Dorr case, that the President
should execute that power in case of domes-
tic violence. He may therefore just as well
execute it in suspending the habeas corpus as
in that.
Mr. THURMAN. I will show my friend
in one moment that his argument proves too
much. He puts it upon this clause of the
Constitution :
"The Congress shall have power to make all laws
which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into
execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers
vested by this Constitution in the Government of
the United States, or in any Department or officer
thereof."
What are tbe "foregoing powers?"
Mr. CARPENTER. Those specified in that
section.
Mr. THURMAN. Exactly ; and which are
conferred on Congress.
Mr. CARPEN l'ER. In express words.
Mr. THURMAN. Tn express words:
_ "And all other powers vested by this Constitution
m the Government of the United States, or in any
Department or officer thereof."
Mr. CARPENTER. That is, to suspend the
habeas corpus or to suppress domestic violence.
Mr. THURMAN. That is what you say. j
If that proves anything, it proves that every
single one of these powers which are vested
in the Government of the United States may
be devolved by it upon the President. If the
Congress has power to make all laws which
may be necessary to carry into execution the
foregoing powers, you may invest the Presi-
dent with the power to lay and collect taxes,
duties, imposts, and excises, according to his
own judgment and will.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Supreme Court
have decided that Congress may pass just such
an act and leave it to the President to declare
by proclamation whether it shall be a law or
not; that that is a valid exercise of legislative
power. Congress did pass a law and in the
act itself provided that it should not take
effect unless the President should by proclama-
tion declare it to be in effect on tbe happen-
ing of a certain contingency. The argument
against that was that it was a delegation of
legislative power, and the Supreme Court held
that it was a proper exercise of legislative
power, and sustained the act, and tbe Presi-
dent having made proclamation they held that
he act was in force.
Mr. THURMAN. I cannot agree that the
Supreme Court has evertaken any such broad
ground as would be implied in the Senator's
remarks, and if he will produce the case I
think I shall be able to satisfy liim that there
is no such broad ground. Let us see what
this will come to. It is not a question whether
the President may not execute un act of Con-
gress, may not do a ministerial act; nor is it
a question whether or not the President may
not upon the happening of a certain event,
like the laying of the embargo, and 1 think it
is to that case the Senator refers, or the removal
of the embargo, allowing goods to be carried
back and forth from this country to a foreign
country. But if the doctrine of the Senator
is true, then Congress may authorize the Piesi-
dent of the United States, as I say, to lay and
collect taxes, duties, imposts, and excises in
his own discretion. It may authorize him m
his own discretion to borrow money on the
credit of the United States; it may authorize
him to regulate commerce with foreign nations
and among the several States and with the
Indian tribes just as he may prescribe ; itinay
authorize him to establish a uniform rule of
naturalization and uniform laws on the subject
of bankruptcy throughout the United States,
and so on to the end of the chapter.
If this be so, then it is in tlie competency
of Congress to surrender every power granted
by the Constitution to Congress and vested in
Congress, to the President of the United States,
and give him not simply the executive power
of the Government, but the whole legislative
power of tho Government. That is exactly
what the result is. That will not do at all.
T; ou could not have a more complete despotism
on the face ot this earth than when you would
thus concentrate in the hands of one man the
legislative as well as the executive department
of the_ Government. I know of no Govern-
ment in the world in which the execuiive
power of the Government executes the judi-
cial power. There was a time in England when
the king was supposed to administer justice
in person, but that has long since passed
away, and now the judges hold their seats for
life in order that they may be independent
both of the Crown and of the Legislature; so
that in England, from which we derive our
laws, the judicial department is perfectly inde-
pendent. Our Constitution, acting upon the
same idea, has made the judicial department
of the Government of the United States wholly
independent either of the executive or tbe
legislative department by a life tenure, or the
tenure of good behavior, which is the same
thing, which must be the tenure of eveiy judi-
cial officer of the United States except certain
inferior courts which may be created by law,
and whose terms may be for a certain number
of years.
