134
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
•December 14,
eminent is hostility to the Republican party.
I have said no such thing; I have meant no
such thing; but on the contrary, I have said,
and it is so recorded in the Globe, that the
Republican party can bear investigation, that
it courts investigation, and that it claims the
merit of having exceeded other parties who
have gone before it in its zeal to bring to pun-
ishment its own members who may have been
guilty of crime.
"What I said I shall have to repeat, because
the debate that has occurred here to-day con-
firms every word that I said yesterday. I did
not say that a proposition to investigate was
inimical to the Republican party, but I said
this:
" I am not mistaken about the whole drift of this
debate. It has been to show that there is corrup-
tion existing under this Administration, and gross
corruption." 4 * * "• * * *
"Thedrift of this debate is a reflection upon the
Republican party."
And can the Senator, or anybody who has
heard this debate, deny that the whole spirit
of the debate has been hostile to the Repub-
lican party and intended to make the impres-
sion on the country that there is gross corrup-
tion in that party beyond that which has ordin-
arily existed in the Government, and that
there has been a purpose on the part of the
Administration and of the party to cover up
and protect that corruption? Sir, if that has
not been the spirit of this debate, then I am
mistaken. I repel that imputation. I do it
now as I did yesterday. While I am not mis-
taken about the purpose, I deny the fact. As
I said yesterday, there is corruption at all
times in all parties, and there will be until the
millennium shall come. Men are fallible, and
there are corrupt men in all organizations.
But what I denied was that there was more
corruption in the Republican party than ordin-
arily belongs to parties, and I said there was
not as much.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Did I say that there
was7 Has the Senator ever heard me intimate
such a thing?
Mr. MOKTON. The Senator asks me the
question and I must, be frank with him. From
the spirit of his speech and from what he said
I did infer that he was of the opinion that this
Administration was grossly corrupt, and that
extraordinary measures were required for the
purpose of ferreting it out and bringing it to
punishment. If I have done the Senator in-
justice, I beg to retract it. Can it be denied
that that was the imputation cast by other
Senators who have acted with him in this
debate? I was glad to hear what the distin-
guished Senator said a few minutes ago about
the President; I was glad to hear him vindi-
cate the President; and in so doing he has
answered speeches that were made upon this
floor to-day and that were made yesterday. I
will take his vindication of the President as
an answer to the imputations which have been
hurled against him during the course of this
debate, and when the Senator now says that
he means to make no imputation upon the
Republican party that it is corrupt beyond that
corruption which perhaps must necessarily
exist when we consider the fallible character
of men—when he says that, I am glad to accept
it and put it down to the credit and to the vin-
dication of my party.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I did
not say that I thought there was no corruption
beyond that which was necessary from the
character of men. I believe there are great
abuses under this Administration and have
been under all Administrations; but I believe
that the extent of the business and patronage
of the Government, and the large amount of
moneys collected and disbursed, necessarily
enlarge the abuses of Government. That there
is more corruption in proportion under this
Administration than under other Administra-
tions the Senator has not heard me say or in-
timate ; but I want this Administration to be
better than other Administrations, and I want
the Republican party to be purer and better
than any party that ever preceded it in the
history of the Government. I did say that the
use of patronage for party purposes had grown
up of later years; the spoils system did not
obtain under the earlier Presidents ; but I did
not suppose that the Senator from Indiana
understood that as an attack upon this Ad-
ministration. It commenced thirty or forty
years ago, and I think I so said in the remarks
which I made the other day. I am for the
correction of the abuses of the Government,
and not for making attacks on individuals.
Mr. MORTON. I am glad, Mr. President,
to hear the Senator declare his devotion to
the Republican party. I am glad to bear him
declare that this party is not worse than those
that have gone before it, and to hear him now
say that his proposition to investigate looks to
the fact that the characterand the operations of
the country are enlarged, and perhaps require
more attention than formerly ; but I again say
that I did understand the spirit of his speech
to be different from what he now expresses,
and, of course, I accept very fuliy his declara-
tions.
Now, Mr. President, I wish to say one word
in regard to reform. There seems to be a
disposition 011 the part of some people in this
country to become professional reformers, to
have it understood that they are the reformers
par excellence. They seem to desire to monop-
olize that business, and to have it understood
by the country that they of all others hate cor-
ruption, and that they are to make it the busi-
ness of their lives to hunt down those who are
corrupt. I desire to say to those gentlemen,
wherever they may be, that for one I shall not
permit them to monopolize that business, that
I claim to be as good a reformer as any of
them, although I may not say so much about
it. or make such high pretensions.
The Republican party, as the Senator re-
marked awhile ago, has been a reform party
from the beginning. I trust it will continue
to be a reform party, and I believe that it wiil
investigate every matter requiring investiga-
tion which is brought to its attention in Con-
gress, and that it will use all the means that
may be necessary and proper for bringing
offenders to justice. But, sir, we are so con-
scious of the stiength of our position that we
are not compelled to accept every means that
may be proposed for fear that somebody will
say that we are corrupt and afraid of investi-
gation.
Mr. President, I profess to be a reformer in
earnest. I claim that my party is entitled to
that character above any other that has gone
before in the history of this country. There
are Pharisees in religion and there are Phari-
sees in politics. Those who stand upon the
corners of the streets and make loud prayers
are not always the most pious or the best men ;
and those who are constantly clamoring about
corruption and clamoring that they are the
purest and the best men in the nation, may not
be any better than the rest of us.
Now, Mr. President, one word in regard to
this resolution. As was stated a moment ago
by the Senator from Ohio, I believe the Re-
publican members on this floor have been in
favor, from the first, of a standing committee
on retrenchment. They were not in favor of
the resolution offered by the Senator from
Illinois for reasons which have been given
heretofore, and I will not go over them again.
But it has been said that because we were op-
posed to investing a committee with general
power to send for persons and papers in regard
to matters that have never been before the
Senate, to investigate anybody at all times
upon any public or private charge that might
be made, and thereby cast imputation, we were
against the exercise of a power which has
been conceded to this committee for the last
five years. I want to call the attention of my
friend, the Senator from Illinois, to the fact
that if that power has been ever exercised for
the last five years by the committee it was not
given by the resolution creating it. I think I
have heard the Senator admit the construc-
tion I have given to this resolution, that it
conveyed no power of that kind, and not even
by intendment did it instruct the committee to
make investigations of frauds and of wrongs.
The Senator understands me upon that point.
If the committee have exercised that power,
they have never drawn it from the language
employed in this resolution. Whether tiie
committee usurped powers that did not belong
to it I will not now undertake to say. 1 make
no charges against it ; but what I do say is,
that throughout this discussion this resolution,
offered by the Senator from Illinois, has been
assumed to confer powers upon the committee
that it did not confer. I think the Senator
will hardly dispute that, and the discussion
from the first has proceeded, perhaps, on a
false basis in that respect.
A word now in regard to these instructions.
I care nothing about them in this stage of the
case, but I will call attention to them. These
instructions are:
That said committee be instructed to inquire into
the expenditures in all branches of the service of the
United States, and to report whether any and what
offices ought to be abolished.
To inquire into the expenditures in all
branches of the service! No one committee
can do that in one year or in two years. If this
resolution is to be understood as withdrawing
these inquiries from the respective standing
committees, it will be a positive injury, because
it gives to this committee duties that it cannot
perform in five years, if it sits every day, Sun-
days included. Let me read on :
Whether any or what salaries and allowances
ought to be reduced.
That extends to all the offices of the Gov-
ernment of the United States—a vast field of
lj inquiry.
'I Ay liar art-* the methods of procuring accountability
j! in public officers or agents in the care and disburse-
;! rnent of public moneys.
;j There is another vast field of inquiry that the
i; committee would hardly have time to enter
upon during this session, let alone investigate
all the other matters.
Whether moneys have been paid out. illegally;
whether any officers or agents or other persons have
been or are employed in the public service without
authority of law or unnecessarily: and generally
how and to what extent the expenses of the service
of the country may and ought to be curtailed.
I remark here in general terms that this res-
olution charges this committee substantially
with inquiries that belong to all the commit-
tees of this body. All the committees of this
body, if they should engage in this work of
investigation from now until the end of the
session, could not comply wi'h the instruc-
tions embraced in this resolution : but it is to
be taken, at least by internment and by infer-
ence, from the other committees anil given
to a single committee. A single investigation
in regard to a charge of fraud may take days
or weeks ; but here is a resolution that charges
this committee substantially with the whole
business of this Government. If that is to
have the effect of relieving the other commit-
tees from it, it is simply proposed to do noth-
ing where something could be done. But I
read on. What else? This committee is to
consider—
the expediency of so amending the laws under which
appointments to tho public service are now made,
so as to provide for withdrawing the public service
from being used as an instrument of political or
party patronage.
We are asked specially to construct this com-
mittee togo to work and examinethe subject of
civil service reform in its length and breadth
and make report to this Senate during this ses-
sion, while the President, by an act introduced
by the Senator himself is empowered to make
that investigation, to make the rules, lias had
a commission in session now for more than
three months considering them, who are just
about bringing their labors to a close, and
i whose report we shall hava in th& course of
