1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3719
And so it is in .all countries. In Russia
itself the czar does not execute justice himself
in his own person ; the judicial power is exe-
cuted by a judicial department. Therefore,
for my friend to say that under this power to
pass till laws necessary to execute the powers
devolved upon the Government of the United
States Congress may be guilty of a perfect
abnegation of its powers and devolve them all
upon the Presidtnt of the United States is
simply to say that our forefathers have made a
Constitution under which it is competent for
Congress to establish an absolute monarchy in
this country instead of a republican govern-
ment. Tlmt is a.l there is of it. Sir, that
■wilI not do at all.
While 1 am on this subject, let me say one
thing that 1 neglected to say before upon the
law, and wh'ch seems to me a conclusive
argument against this idea of a devolution of
this power :
" The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall
not be suspended unless when in eases of rebellion
or invasion the public safety may require it."
■ We all agree, with the exception of the
Senator Ironi Indiana. [Mr. Pratt.] so far as
any opinion has been expressed, that that is a
lenWaiive power, and the only question is
■whether or not the Legislature itself must
decide.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Horace Binney
did not think so.
Mr. TUURMAN. I know Horace Binney
did not, and I know that Horace Binney tar-
nished that brilliant reputation which he
achieved at the bar by the worst pamphlet
that ever an A meiican lawyer published during
the war. I know lhat Edmund Burke was
frightened out of his propriety and out of his
good sense by the tenors of the French rev-
o'ution. and this old lawyer, Horace Binney,
in the decline of his days, in the setting and
going down of the sun with him, lost the judg-
ment that had once distinguished him, and
published a pamphlet which may be regarded
liei e-if er as perhaps 'he only dark spot upon
his memoiy. I am told by friends around me
that be has since qualified it. I am very «lad
he has qualified it. K is just like a certain
other book that was published by a lawyer of
Boston, who was employed tor awhile as
solicitor in the War Department. which makes
this Government more supreme in time of
war than any despotism that ever existed on
the face of the globe.
Sir. it is one of the things that are humili-
ating to our profession, and 1 say it to the Sen-
ator from New Jen-ey, who is a distinguished
member of the profession, that there never
was a usurpation in ihe world, there never was
an exercise of atbitraiy and unwarranted au
thorny by a Government that there was not some
ei to de'etul it. It has been truly said by De
Tocqueviile. and said long before him, that the
study of ihe law mid the practice of thelaw tend
to malieuieo jeiilou-of liberty and soHcitOusfor
its defen-e While i hat. is true, all history .shows
not simply pliant lawyers, but pliant judges,
too. it there had not been that pliancy there
never would have bt en found such a judge as
Jeffreys on the English bench; there never
■would have been found sucli a judge as Saun-
dfrs tarnishing his brilliant reputmion by his
decisions vacating and annulling the charter
of London and ot oilier cities i" England at
the command of the Court; and there never
would have been that most, hortible practice
that existed in England of the Crown consult-
ing the judges belore a case was even pre-
sented in couit and getting their opinions
beforehand h"w to conduct, the prosecution
and what, the judgment would be. No, sir, I
Bay it with shame and confusion, for I do cher
ish this profession to which 1 belong, and es-
teem it as one of the most honorable in the
world, that there never was a usurpation by
Government on the lace of God's globe that
there was not some lawyer either venal enough
or wild enough to sanction it by his authority
and endeavor to uphold it by his arguments.
It will not do, therefore, even with the great
name of Horace Binney to attempt to defend
this thing.
But, Mr. President, I was speaking of this
clause :
"The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall
not be suspended, unless when in cases of rebellion
or invasion the public safety may require it."
We admit that the power to suspend is a
legislative power. That being the case, if you
can authorize the President in his discretion
to suspend it for six months, you may author-
ize him to suspend it by a law which has no
limit upon it at all, and therefore in legal con-
templation is to exist for all time. If you can
authorize him to suspend it from now until the
4th of March next, you may make it a per-
manent statute on your statute-book, which
implies that it is to last as long as the Govern-
ment shall endure. If you can do that, then
Congress has given up its legislative power,
has been guilty of a perfect self abnegation in
that respect, and that great privilege, which
was so sacred in the eyes of our forefathers
that they did not allow it to be suspended even
by Congress when there was flagrant war with
a foreign nation unless our soil was invaded,
niav be given into the hands of a single man.
When is it proposed topassthis bill? When
a presidential election is pending, when the
man into whose hands this power is given is a
candidate for reelection to that office; then
his supporters in the Congress of the United
S ates, more regardful ol his success in the
election and the perpetuation of the power of
their own party than of the welfare of the
country anil the principles of the Constitution,
are for yielding up the power the Constitution
invests in them and devolving it upon a man
who can use it in order to reelect himself'.
Mr. President, nothing that I can say could
present this measure in a stronger light than
these few words. I say that my lriend from
Wisconsin, with all his ingenuity, and with all
his diligence, has utterly failed to justify this
bid.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Mr. Presi-
dent, I regret that, I am obliged to ask the
indulgence of the Senate while X submit a few
reflections on ihe bill now before it for con-
sideration. When the original bill, to which
this is an amendment, was before this body, I
said nothing. It was supposed at that lime
that it was iu good faith to have ended at the
conclusion of this session of Congress. It
was elaborately debated then, as it is elabor-
ately debated now, and most thoroughly argued
by gentlemen aiound me who have now par
ticipated in this debate. But when upon the
eve of one of the greatest presidential elections
this country has witnessed since 1800, with the
Executive now in power a candidate for nomi-
na'ioti, and most certainly to be renominated,
to see ihe representative-! of this people prct-
po-ing to confer upon htm the most extraordin-
ary power contained within the Constitution
is one of the uncommon events of the day.
It is not reniatkable, therefore, that we are
heie to night, or rather at this eaily period of
the morning, the minority upon this floor pro-
testing against conferring upon the Executive
so vast apovver, in fact almost inscribing upon
the lace of ihe bill, '• A hill to provide for the
rto'eetion of President Grant.."
Now, sir, what is before us and what is pro-
posed to be passed? The bill now under con-
sideration provides for the continuance, not of
the power of suspending the writ of habeas
corpus alone, but it provides for extending the
provisions of the fourth section of the act. to
which this is a proposed amendment. The
provisions of that act are well known to the
Senate and to the country; and to the pro-
visions of that fourth section 1 am certainly
opposed en masse and in detail, and for three
reasons:
The first is, that by the provisions of the
fourth section Congress undertakes to make
a constructive rebellion ; they undertake to
declare what a rebellion is.
In the next place, after having thus made a
constructive rebellion by law, by statute declar-
ing what, shall constitute a rebellion in the
fuiure, then they put in the hands of the Pres-
ident the discretion to determine that the acts
therein stated shall constitute that rebellion
so declared by Congress.
And thirdly, it confers upon the President
the [lower, in addition to the discretion therein
vested, to determine when the public safety
may require the suspension of this writ.
Now, if there is anything that is clearly
determined by the Constitution itself, it is
that this is a legislative power. The argu-
ments of the gentlemen who have already dis-
cussed this question on each side show that
this provision of the Constitution is a legis-
lative provision and requires legislative author-
ity to give it effect. That being so, a bill can-
not be defended in any way, by any mode of
argument, which proposes to invest the Pres-
ident of the United States with the authority
to determine when the public safety requires
the suspension of the writ.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him for a moment?
Mr. HAM I LTON, of Maryland. Yes sir.
Mr. CONKLING. I rise to appeal to the
Senator to ask him to allow the vote to be
taken. If he will pardon me, I will occupy but
a moment in giving him my reason. The Sen-
ator from Maiyland and his party friends are
very fully on record on this measure. The
majority of the Senate proposed to consider
it on a day last week, when upon au appeal
grounded on courtesy owing to the absem-e of
the Senator from Delaware, it was agreed and
inconveniently agreed by the majority of the
Senate, that it should be postponed until yes-
terday, and then a unanimous agreement was
come to, which elands formally entered as an
order on the Journal, that on this day the vote
should be taken. 1 say this d-ty speaking now
in a parliamentary sense, for ii is now nearly
four o'clock on the day after that on which by
unanimous consent, in consideration of ihe
courtesy extended by in to a Deinocrrtic Sen-
ator who was absent, if not ill, it was agreed
that the vote should be taken.
Mr. President, the chairman of the commit-
tee having this bill in charge has abstained
from debate. A Republican Senator, not, now
iu his seat, from Texas [Mr. Flanagan] ab-
stained, upon the request (1 may say wihoufc
impropriety) of his associates, from debate.
I shall be warranted in saying that, the oppo-
nents of this bill have occupied four fifihs of
the time. And now I, for one,'who have not
occupied one moment, and who have sat here
to-night until almost four o'clock in the morn-
ing, am still sitting, while my honorable friend
from Maryland redefines a position perfectly
well known and put upon the record here be-
fore by himself and his party friends.
Now, Mr. Pre-ident, 1 Know ihe Senator has
the power to go on, and I certainly do not
mean to impute anything to liim if he does go
on ; but I submit to him whether it is an ob-
servance of an agreement made by unanimous
consent,and conceded to him and his associates,
owing to the absencc and wish of one of their
friends, whose telegram was read, whether it
is an observance honorably and fairly of that
agreement, alter having occupied the great
mnjoriiy of the time here during these two
da.)S, to go on now, when hours have elapsed
since the end of the day in which they agreed
that we might vote?
We are not going to be here very long I
hope, possibly not longer than a dozen nights;
but 1 say to my honorable friend (and he will
not misunderstand the kindness with which I
say ii) that, 1 think he and his party friends
alike will find lhat they make a. mistake, look-
ing to i heir convenience, if in the face of these
facts they keep us here loager._ We want
some sleep, we must have a session to-mor-
