1871.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
135
ten days. Now we are asked as a. matter of
reason and propriety to instruct this commit-
tee, in addition to all these extraordinary
duties, to report and examine the whole ques-
tion of civil servicc reform, that we may act
upon it as if nothing had been done! I sub-
mit to the distinguished Senator that that in-
struction is out of place, and is not respectful
to the President, to whom he paid such a high
compliment but a little while ago'.
This is about all that I have to say, so far
as the present instructions are concerned. If
the proposition has any effect at all in placing
upon this committee this immense labor dur-
ing this session, it will all fall a dead letter.
That will be its effect, if it shall have any.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, my rec-
ollection of the proceedings of the Senate is
not entirely in accord with that of the Senator
from Indiana. He seems to indicate 
Mr. SHERMAN. I think it my duty to raise
a question of order. There are half a dozen
Senators trying to get the floor. The Senator
is now speaking the third time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Ohio wants to make a point of order on me
that I have spoken more than once on this
question in this body 
Mr. SHERMAN. I make the point of order
because I desire to say a few words myself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will move an amend-
ment, then ; I believe I have the floor.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am entitled to the floor.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was recognized by the
Chair, and I desire to offer an amendment. I
propose to modify ray resolution by striking
out that part which relates to the civil service.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe I have the floor.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Wil-
son.) The Senator from Ohio calls the Sen-
ator from Illinois to order, and the Chair
rules that the Senator from Illinois is out of
order, be having spoken several times already
on this question.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to state to the
Senator from Illinois that I do not make this
point of order from any discourtesy to him;
but the tone of his remarks awhile ago was
exceedingly offensive to the majority who
voted for the resolution we have adopted ; it
was so cei-tninly to me. He has had in this
debate the amplest latitude. He has arraigned
to some extent the Administration, and very
severely the conduct of his fellow-Senators;
and therefore I do not think it is very severe
when I insist that he shall observe the rules
of the Senate when so many Senators rose at
the time he did to address the Chair.
Mr. President, the whole of this debate has
been magnified beyond all comprehension.
Never during my service in the Senate have 1
seen a little bit of moonshine so expanded into
a balloon as this matter about the organization
of a committee has been. There never has
been an hour when either a select or a stand-
ing committee of this body could not have
been organized on retrenchment or on expend-
itures upon the demand of any Senator ; but
instead of pursuing the course dictated by par-
liamentary usage, by the custom of the Senate,
by the rules of the Senate, the Senator from
Illinois persistently insisted upon organizing a
joint committee of the two Houses, armed with
extraordinary powers. After a cursory debate,
when that matter was considered, it was be-
lieved and admitted by the Senator himself
here repeatedly that a joint, committee was
not the best committee for the purpose of pur-
suing these investigations. The very trouble
that occurred in regard to a joint committee
the other day shows that there are legal diffi-
culties in the way of the exercise of its proper
powers and functions. There is therefore no
occasion for the organization of a joint com-
mittee.
Then, when it was proposed by the friends
of the Senator from Illinois to organize a stand-
ing committee on retrenchment and expendi-
tures and place it on the same footing with all
the other standing committees of this body, he
sought in his remarks to raise the impression
that the majority of this body were seeking to
smother investigation, to prevent an examina-
tion into corruption, that we were hiding cor-
ruption and preventing investigation; while at
the very moment that resolution was introduced
he was informed by half a dozen Senators all
around him that there was no desire at all to
suppress investigation, that they would vote
for the resolution of the honorable Senator
from New York which proposed investigation
into one branch of this subject, they would
vote for his proposition either for a general or
a special investigation, provided only that the
rules and usages of the Senate were complied
with ; and when the proposition was made by
the Senator from Rhode Island to organize a
standing committee of this body and place it
on a footing with all the other standing com-
mittees ofthebody,theSenatorfromIllinois at
once acknowledged that it was better to have a
standing committee of the Senate rather than
a joint committee, butheinsisted upon putting
into the powers of that committee for all time
to come, as a standing committee of this body
for session after session, the extreme powers
that are only conferred by the Senate for spe-
cial occasions. Now, sir, if he will show me
a case in the whole history of this Government,
from the foundation of the Government, where
such powers as are conferred by this resolu-
tion have been given to any committee of this
body, I will yield to him the whole palm ; but
it has never been done.
Resolutions conferring the power to send for
persons and papers, to drag the citizen before
our committees, are always special resolutions
passed from time to time when the occasion
arises, and the power is never refused on ap-
plication for it in a proper case. In my expe-
rience in the two Houses I have seen members
rise in their place and arraign the President
of the United States, offer a resolution of the
most searching inquiry, sometimes making
specific charges, and sometimes making gen-
eral charges, and I never heard either Senate
or House refuse a fair investigation ; no party
dare do it; no man dare do it. Therefore,
when the Senator seems to imply that we
are here seeking to prevent investigation, we
naturally feel hurt when the accusation comes
from our own political friend.
Sir, I, for one, am perfectly willing to con-
fer full power on this committee when it is
announced. Until it is announced nothing can
be done. You refused to refer at the begin-
ning of this session the most important public
measures because your committees were not
announced. You could not refer a bill, great,
or small, you could not refer the petition of a
citizen until your committees were announced;
and yet before this committee is announced
you are required now by this resolution to
instruct it and to invest it with most extraor-
dinary power, not only for this session, but for
all time. It is true my honorable friend, when
I appealed to him to confine it to this session,
said he was willing to have it so confined.
After this committee is announced in theusual
way by the election of the Senate by ballot,
(and it must be elected by ballot on the demand
of any Senator) there will be no objection
either to a general or a special direction of
inquiry ; no one would object. Then we shall
all vote for the resolution. I will, and I pre-
sume nine tenths of Senators here, perhaps all,
will vote for the resolution of the Senator from
Illinois, broad and sweeping and general as it
is, entirely too broad and sweeping. I would
be willing then to vote for it, although I think
if he would look over it carefully he would
modify it somewhat. Rather than have any
further controversy about this matter, I would
vote for his resolution. I simply insist that
this matter shall be proceeded with in order,
and that we shall not be held up here before
the country either as helonging to a corrupt
party or aiding a corrupt Administration or
as seeking to conceal corruption wherever it
occurs. .
The Senator from Illinois, perhaps, did not
appreciate the force of his language, the earn-
estness of his manner, the imputation that was
cast upon a majority of his own political friends.
After the fullest debate and the fullest discus-
sion, after be had had full range and sweep,
because we did not choose to do what never
has been done from the foundation of this
Government—arm a standing committee of this
body without limit with extraordinary powers—
we are to be arraigned and the public at large
are to be taught that we are seeking, in some
way or other to protect the frauds and rascali-
ties of a corrupt Administration! That was
the effect of his language. Now, sir, what we
want is to go according to order. At the begin-
ning of this session many Senators believed
that the better way was to arm the different
committees of this body with the different
branches of this investigation according to the
branch of service to which they are assigned.
I do not agree with that motion because I know
our standing committees are fully charged with
important public duty, and they are apt to
neglect a more general inquiry.
No proposition was made for a select com-
mittee. A proposition was made for a joint
committee. Objection was at once made,
argument arose, and fiually, after a consulta-
tion among the great majority of thia body, it
was deemed better to have a standing commit-
tee of the Senate appointed in the ordinary
and usual way, aucl then to be instructed from
time to time as to the objects of their inquiry,
and armed with the necessary powers. When
you frame a standing committee and put that
standing committee on your rules, it stands
there to be renewed session after session, time
after time, and never to be abolished. Stand-
ing committees are not abolished. But when
you make these powers a part of the organiza-
tion of the committee, you keep these extraor-
dinary powersapartof the weapons of offensive
warfare of this committee. Never has that
been done ; but when it is proposed in a par-
ticular case or in a general examination to
arm this committee, thus properly organized,
with the powers that have been conferred _ on
other committees, then there will be no objec-
tion.
Now, it does seem to me that my honorable
friend from Illinois in his heat, (because he has
become somewhat heated by this long contro-
versy,) goes a little too far. He ought to yield
to his associates here at least the same purity
of motives that he claims for himself, and that
we most cheerfully yield to him. Let him pur-
sue the olden way, the path of peace, that course
which has been adopted iu all time by those
who went before us; le,t us foim our appro-
priate committees, and then charge them with
proper subjects of inquiry from time to time,
and arm them then with the powers to pursue
those inquiries. I, for one, will not stand in
the way of the most searching inquiry he may
choose to propose into the conduct of any
officer of the Government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
resolution under consideration by adding to it
at the end, where it provides for the appoint-
ment of a clerk, the words "at a salary of
$1,000."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sen-
ator from Illinois modifies his amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. Mr. President 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I believe I have the
floor.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not unuersiand that
there can be any resolution under consider-
ation at this time. It cannot be introduced at
this time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It has been under con-
sideration for an hour.
Mr. POMEROY. I make the point of order.
If there is a resolution 
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. TRUMBULL. The
1 point is too late.
