1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
83
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Sales of Arms to French Agents—Mr. Trumbull.
Senate.
tee, but it must be a standing committee of the
Senate to inquire into abuses; still it must be
a committee without power. The proposition
was to raise a committee of investigation and
retrenchment, to do what? To inquire into
such subjects as should be referred to it I And
when a proposition was made to invest that
committee with power to make the inquiries
which had been made under the direction of
the joint committee of the two Houses at for-
mer sessions of Congress, that was opposed,
fought inch by inch, and finally voted down
by a vote of 35 to 24 in this body. And then
it was that the Senator from Indiana again
sounded the party cry and with amazement
exclaimed, that the object of this investiga-
tion was to show that corruption existed under
this Administration I Of course it was, if any
existed, and why not ? He then averred that
"the drift of the debate" was "a reflection
upon the Republican party ;" and the party
was appealed to, to so organize the committee
that the opponents of the proposed investiga-
tion should control it.
As I said, twenty-four Senators had voted
to clothe this committee with ample author-
ity to inquire into existing abuses and expose
them; thirty-five had voted against it; and
when the public sentiment of the country had
forced Senators to agree to an investigation,
then the party cry was raised to so organise
the committee that of the twenty-four Senators
who voted in favor of clothing the committee
with authority to inquire into abuses, one single
one, and he a Democrat, alone was put upon
it. Of the other six, not one had voted in favor
of giving authority to the committee to send
for persons and papers, and make the investi-
gation thorough as originally proposed. It is
true, that when that subject was brought to the
noticeofthe Senate, oneofthe sixdeclinedand
another Senator was substituted in his place,
the Senator from California, [Mr. Casserly,]
making two Democrats on the committee.
Why was the committee so organized? It was
done in obedience to party dictation. The
cry of party allegiance was invoked to accom-
plish it. These were the words of the Senator
from Indiana:
"We were asked to create a smelling committee to
be set upon the President from that time until the
election, just as you would put a detective upon a
suspected criminal. No sensible party would do
that. Wo did not do it. ¥e created a committee
that was denounced as being a whitewashing com-
mittee; but it has already vindicated itself."
Now, the Senator from Indiana tells you
why the committee was created as it was.
We were not going " to create a smelling com-
mittee," as he says, " to be set upon the Pres-
ident." No, sir; but was _ the Senator from
Indiana opposed to organizing a committee in
favor of exposing abuses, if they existed? And
is that setting a smelling committee upon the
President of the United States? I repudiate
such an idea. Nothing could have given greater
strength to the President of the I) nited States
tha.n to have had an earnest, faithful commit-
tee in favor of investigation, who should have
hunted out in all the departments of the Gov-
ernment the abuses, if any, that existed, should
have brought them to his notice, and allowed
him to correct and reform them. Why, sir,
that would have given strength to the Admin-
istration, strength to the Republican party.
But what was the impression that went all
over this country in consequence of the par-
tisan organization of the committee? It was
that "a whitewashing committee" wasformed,
as the Senator from Indiana tells us. Is it any
wonder? _ .
But he says this committee has vindicated
itself." Mr. President, I shall make no com-
ment upon the conduct of that committee. It
has not yet made its report; but its action and
its conduct in the management of the investi-
gation were public, and are before the world.
The committee was instructed to inquire into
official abuses in the city of New York, and
in the custom-house particularly. It was
charged with the duty of inquiring whether
officials had improperly interfered with the
freedom of elections, of inquiring whether
officers in the custom-house had been assessed
for the purpose of raising money to control
elections, whether they had improperly inter-
fered in party conventions and in politics; and
when it was sent to make that inquiry, it was
not sent nor instructed to inquire into the
conduct of the people themselves in political
matters. The people have a right to do as
they please at elections; but the printed re-
ports show that witnesses, who came before
that committee to prove that custom-house
officers by the score had thronged the halls of
legislation, interfering with the organization
of the Legislature of the State of New York,
were inquired of whether they were not there
interfering also, as if this committee was au-
thorized to inquire into the conduct of the
people instead of the misconduct of officers!
The reports further show that witnesses, who
came before the committee to testify to abuses
existing in the custom-house, to the fact that
officials were in the habit of exacting money
from merchants for the performance of duty,
were inquired of to know if it was not as bad
for them to give money as it was for the offi-
cials to take it. Was this committee of ours
sent to inquire into the conduct of the mer-
chants of New York, or into the misconduct
of the officials in the custom-house ?
And, sir, I have seen it stated in the papers—
I know not with how much truth—that notice
has been given that the witnesses brought
before this committee, who expose the bribery,
corruption, and malfeasance of officials, are to
be prosecuted themselves as participants in
the frauds they expose. Sir, I will make no
comment upon this. I state but what I have
seen published, and shall be gratified if it is
not true; for it will strike the country as a
strange way of ferreting out the abuses of
officials, to publish in advance that the wit-
nesses who expose them will themselves be
indicted as participants. You will not be
likely to find out many abuses in that way.
And, sir, here in this'body, on the present
occasion, a resolution is offered threatening
Senators, even, who move investigations with
fine and imprisonment in connection with the
investigation about which they propose to make
the inquiry 1 Sir, the country will understand
this. Senators may tell us they are for invest-
igation, in favor of exposing abuses, but their
acts and their votes in this body will all be
well understood by an intelligent people.
How is the proposed inquiry now under
consideration met? By the same allegation
as was made against the other that this debate
is to make capital against the Republican
party—the same charge ; we heard it in March;
we heard it in December; we hear it in Feb-
ruary. Not an investigation has been moved,
no one has proposed an inquiry into existing
abuses, but he has been assailed as unfaithful
to party; and it has been said that the object
is an attack upon the Republican party ! I
deny it. I say that the Republican party can
only maintain its ascendency and ought only
to maintain its ascendency by being a party
of purity, of honesty, of fidelity to the Consti-
tution ; and when it becomes a mere spoils
party, and is used to cover up frauds and dis-
honesty, it will soon receive the condemna-
tion of an indignant people.
The public mind has been greatly stirred of
late by the exposures of official misconduct.
I do not allude simply to the officials of the
Federal Government, nor the officials of State
governments, nor the officials in our large cities;
but growing out of the war there has been that
demoralization both in public and private life
which all history teaches follows great wars.
At one time during the war we expended
$3,000,000 a day; and of course when such
vast sums had to be disbursed, frequently on
occasions of great emergency, and at remote
places, there was no opportunity for securing
that accountability essential to the secure and
faithful disbursement of such vast sums. There
was necessarily a great waste of money during
the war, as there will be in all wars, and the
country has not yet recovered from the demor-
alization which followed the getting rich in a
day as was often the case while the war lasted.
This demoralization has extended not only to
Government officials, but it exists to some
extent in private life. Many of our merchants
have become gamblers in stocks; and some of
our great railroad corporations have lost thou-
sands and tens of thousands of dollars through
dishonest officers.
Official corruption seems to have culminated
in the city of New York last autumn. A
powerful party existed in that city which had
for years sustained itself in power by the cor-
rupt use of patronage and the plunder of the
people. The monstrous Tammany frauds
never could have existed in such proportions
before the war, and never could have been
perpetrated except in the name of party.
When first charged they were denied, and au
attempt was made by the party in power to
cover them up, to keep them out of sight,;
but the people of the city of New York, with-
out regard to party, appointed reform commit-
tees of investigation, and after great labor and
many difficulties they succeeded in unearthing
and exposing those terrible robberies and
frauds which shocked the whole nation. At
that time the Tammanyites raised the party
cry in order to prevent investigation, just as
you will always hear it raised by dishonest
officials whose acts it is proposed to investi-
But the investigation went on, and the cry
for reform first started in New York has been
heard throughout the country. They have
heard it in Chicago, and to-day two or three
of the aldermen of that city are under convic-
tion and in prison for corruption in office. The
same cry has reached Florida, and within a
few days we have heard that its Governor has
been unanimously impeached for theft and
other crimes, while the debt of that State has
been fraudulently swelled by millions and mil-
lions of dollars. The Governor of another
State, who but a few years ago was on this
floor influencing Senators in behalf of his cor-
rupt schemes, is a fugitive from his State, and
I know not but an exile in foreign lands, to
escape the punishment his robbery of the
people and other crimes deserve; and his
associate in guilt, who came here claiming a
seat in this body with no more right than if
he had been elected by fifty men upon Penn-
sylvania avenue, was once sustained in his
claim by the Senator from Indiana. That asso-
ciate to-day, as I am informed, holds as a
protection from the penitentiary a pardon
obtained from the Governor.
I shall not go over the history of the enorm-
ous frauds which have been perpetrated in
nearly all the reconstructed States. I have
not had time to examine the voluminous report
which has been laid upon our table; but I un-
derstand that the debt of North Carolina nas
been corruptly swelled by many millions sinse
1868; the debt of South Carolina nearly or
quite as bad ; Louisiana worse.
Now, Mr. President, when such things as
these are existing all over the country, when
in the public service defalcation alter defalca-
tion is occurring, is it expected that the people
will not demand investigation, require reform
and a higher standard of official integrity.
There is something wrong. The people demand
a remedy ; and when we propose to make m-
