1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1927
indulged at the expense of others, and tho avidity
of the political adventurer who knows that his hay-
making sunshine will be short.
"This will give a glimpse of tho elements that
bavo multiplied tho Stato debt with nothing to
show for it; of the conditions which make the prop-
erty-holders believe that tho taxes exacted from them
are robbery; of a rulo odious to all the respectable
inhabitants of tho State, and of conditions which
excite both white and black inhabitants to deadly
hostility. These aro some of the leatures of the
southern situation which have constrained us to'
remark that Congress should not only provide means
for suppressing violence in the lato rebel States, but
should make a thorough nnd impartial inquiry into
tho situation, in order to find the real causo of these
disorders."
Where is the man on the opposite aide of
this Chamber who has lifted up his voice in
behalf of a thorough and impartial inquiry iu
order to find the real causes of disorder in the
South? The greatest organ of your party
proclaims Governor Scotfc himself a forger of
more than sis million bonds. He is said to
be investing large sums at Napoleon, Ohio,
■where his home in reality i3, and where he
expects to retire when he is fully gorged with
plunder. He went to South Carolina for pil-
lage and rapine, and will soon return with his
spoils. Your policy emanating from here made
liim Governor. The virtue and the talent
of the State were proscribed by your laws.
Alluding to the condition of South Carolina a
few weeks since, one of her citizens (Senator
Sawyer) iu the other branch of Congress used
the following strong language:
"It is dueto the circumstance that this largenum-
ber of men in the southern States wereshut out from
the possibility of holding State and Federal offices
that we have had so many abuses in the io::il gov-
ernments of those Stiles. It is duo to that circum-
Bcance that in the Sta'o which I have tho honor in
part to represent on this floor wo have to-day a State
government which is a disgrace to civilization. It
is duo to those disabilities, and to those disabilities
only, that we had nor sin ample Held from which to
select honest, capable men for our local public
offices, men who would have made laithful officers,
and who would have been in complete haimony with
the national Administration and the great Repub-
lican party on questions of public policy. Instead
of that, what do we see to-day? A spectacle alike
disgraceful to the Republican party, under whose
banner and in whose name gross abuses have been
perpetrated, and to the men who have thus stained
itsnonor; and yet Senators desire us to continue a
system which has been fruitful of such results."
This was spoken by a leader of the Repub-
lican party, and I call upon those who may
regard my statements as overdrawn to care-
fully consider and weigh his testimony.
He deliberately pronounces the Republican
State government of South Carolina " a dis-
grace to civilization." There she stands, the
result of your own handiwork, bankrupt iu
money, ready to plunge into the dismal gulf
of repudiation, ruined in credit, her bonds
hawked in the markets for sale in vain at ten
cents on the dollar, her prosperity blighted at
home and abroad ; without peace, happiness,
or hope; and all her liberties stolen as well as
her material substances. There she stands,
with her skeleton frame and withered death's-
head, admonishing all the world of the loath-
some consequences of a government fashioned
iu hate and fanatacism, and founded upon the
ignorant and the vicious classes of mankind.
Her sins may have been many and deep, and
of the color of scarlet, yet they will become
as white as wool in comparison with those that
have been committed against her in the hour
of lier help:ei?3t)ess and distress.
In North Carolina the same scenes of mis-
rule salute us us we cross her borders. Her
debt in 1861, was $9,699,500. A debt now of
$34,000,000, without the ability to pay the
interest on it, $11,000,000 of her bonds be-
sides declared to have been fraudulent and
void, her people groaning beneath unbearable
taxation, and despair a:id gloom gathering
over their future, are the chief consequences
which have bc-fallen North Carolina under the
policy and ascendency of the Republican
party.
Louisiana presents even a still more striking
instance of scandalous and stupendous robbery.
The official statistics show her to be in debt to
the appalling amount'of $50,540,206; all of
which, except $10,099,074 lias been created in
the degenerated days that have overtaken her
since the war. The human mind as it ponders
over these figures recoils from the villainy
which they necessarily involve.
The feeble State of Florida comes forward
also with her burden of complaint. When
she fell into the clutches of her new rulers she
had a little debt of $221,000. Now her liabil-
ities reach the sum of $15,763,447 54, the
payment of which is utterly and totally beyond
herpower. She has suffered from drought and
flood and worm, hut the presence of .Repub-
lican officials has been more damaging to her
than them all combined. But I can go no
farther in the discussion of these terrible de-
tails. Time and space would fail me. I sub-
mit the following condensed table of figures,
and I defy their successful contradiction on
this floor or anywhere else.
Alabama.—Debts and liabilities at the close of
the year, $5,939,654 87 ; debts and liabilities January
1, 1872, $38,881,967 37.
Arkansas.—Debts and liabilities at the close of
th e war $4,036,952 87; debts and liabilities, J anuary
1,1872, $19,701,265 G2.
Florida.—Debts and liabilities at the close of the
war, $221,030; debts and liabilities January 1, 1872,
$15,763,447 54.
Georgia.—Debts and liabilities at the close of the
war, nominal; debts and liabilities June, 1871,
$50,137,500. (See statement of Mr. Augier, treasurer
of Georgia.)
Louisian-Debt^ and liabilities at the closo of
the war, $10,09^074 34; debts and liabilities Juno
1, 1871, including the excess of expenditures over
receipts $50,540,206 91.
North Carolina.—Debts and liabilities at the close
of the war, ^0,699,500; debts and liabilities Jan-
uary 1,1872, $34,887,467 8".
South Carolina.—Debts and liabilities at the closo
of the war, So,000,000; debts and liabilities January
1, 1872, $39,158,914 47.
Mississippi.—Debts and liabilities a,t the close of
tho war, nominal; debts and liabilities January 1,
1873, about $2,000,000.
Tennessee.—Debts and liabilities at the close of the
war, $20,105,606 66; debts and liabilities January 1,
1872, $45,688,283 46.
Texas— Debts and liabilities at the close of the
war, nominal; debts and liabilities January 1, 1872,
$20,361,000.
Virginia.—Debts and liabilities at the close of tho
war, $31,938,144 5'J; debts and liabilities January 1,
1872, $45,480,542 21.
The present assessed value of the taxable
property of the States on whom this vast
mountain of debt has been so fraudulently
and so frightfully accumulated is considerably
less than one half what it was in 1860. It was
not merely the liberation of their slaves that
wrought this great change. Their system of
labor was broken up, great battles were fought
in all their borders, their railroads were de-
stroyed, their towns and cities and cotton
burned, and every description of property
handed over to the destruction of a fierce
and implacable war. They emerged from the
desolating conflict fit objects for the wisdom
and care of a benevolent statesmanship, rather
than as the proper prey of hungry jackals, who
mangle and feed upon the wounded after the
battle. Their fate, however, in many respects,
surpasses in infamy and in misery the worst
that ever befell a conquered people.
Sir, what single benefit, what solitary bless-
ing has been bestowed on that devastated region
in return for the hundreds of millions of taxa-
tion which have been wrung from it, and the
yet greater burdens which still impend over
its struggling and impoverished inhabitants?
Where is the great public wor.k that tells of the
outlay of these immense sums? What deed
of benevolence or honest fame has been
achieved? Other lands have been plundered
by the oppressor, but none was ever left so
naked and destitute of every ad vantage arising
from its own mighty contributions.
Thegreat Napoleon wasted the substance of
France, andconsumed her vitals in the reinorse-
lessrage of ambition ; he hurled the rising gen-
erations of his empire one after another into
the flaming vortex of war; he gave them to the
edge of the sword, and to the unconquerable
fury of the elements: he palsied all the indus-
tries, and blighted every field and fireside;
the shadow of the tax-gatherer and the con-
script officer fell on every foot of French soil;
and yet convubive sobs of grief shook the
breasts of his subjects when he fell; and the
whole empire stood uncovered at his bier when
his dead body was brought back from tropical
seas to sleep in her bosom. Though he had
oppressed Prance he had given her glory in
return. Though he had taken with an un-
licensed hand, he had adorned her as a lover
does the mistress of his heart. Stately build-
ings reared their heads on high; solid thorough-
fares were opened for the people; waste lands
were drained and reclaimed; education was
fostered; the arts and sciences were munifi-
cently patronized; and a code of laws was
passed and promulgated which established and
enforced domestic justice and peace. She had
these benefits of which to boast when reminded
of her awful sacrifices.
And when Cfesar, the armed conqueror and
spoliator of his own and other countries, lay
in bloody funeral state in the market place, it
was said of him with truth :
" Ho hath brought many captives home to Rome
Whose ransoms did tho general coffers fill."
And—
" When that the poor have oried, Cajsar hath wept."
And atcain the orator of his good deeds
exclaimed—
"Here is the will and under Caesar's seal.
To every Roman citizen ho gives,
To every several man, seventy-live drtiohmas."
" Moreover, he liath left you all his walks,
llis private arbors, and new-planted orchards
On this side Tiber; ho hath left them you,
And to your heirs forever; common pleasures,
To walk abroad, and recreate yourselves."
If he had plundered the Roman treasury, he
had often filled it again ; if his vaulting ambi-
tion brought sorrow to the poor, he sympa-
thized with them : if his career was stained
with extortion, he expended his gains in beau-
tifying the eternal city ; if he had robbed the
people of their substances in his life-time, he
provided that much of it should return to them
at his death. And if we turn from the far-
off regions of antiquity to the immediate pres-
ent, still we find no parallel to the evil admin-
istrations of the South. With what a clamor
the corrupt practices of four or five men in the
city of New York have been hailed for many
months past. The air has been vocal ; the
press has resounded ; the telegraph has been
made weary of its daily burden, and the accus
ing voice of self-righteous indignation has been
universal and unceasing. The Democratic party,
it is true, crushed these men in an instant: but
still the story of their offenses salutes us every-
where. And yet their work of extortion, com-
pared t,o that in the South, is the mote to the
beam, the mole-hill to the mountain, the speck
iu the sky to the cloud that overspreads and
darkens the whole heavens. Their crimes, too,
have a still further mitigation in the compari-
son. If they enriched themselves, they at least
did not take all. They made New York the
wonder and the glory of modern civilization.
If they robbed the people, they bestowed upon
them in return a city more magnificently
adorned with public works than Rome or
Paris in their days of pride, of pomp, and of
power. Her glorious parks, her vast avenues,
her newly opened, solid, and far-reaching
streets will testify to after ages that her officials
bequeathed to her some compensation for the
wrongs they inflicted upon her good name.
No such conduct illuminates a single page of
the present epoch in the South. You look in
vain from Hampton Roads to the Bay of Gal-
veston for a single monument erected to the
public good by that party which has so sternly
and ao corruptly governed in all that wide-
spread region. No colleges', seminaries or
schools founded and endowed with the treas-
ures that have been stolen ; no lofty edifices or
durable roads constructed ; no massive bridges
thrown across wide rivers ; no parched plains
irrigated ana mode productive; no rice-swamps
