1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1081
represents that district in California might
have been elected without that particular aid.
They told me that he wag a very clever man,
and being very active in the campaign he
might, have got through very well, but I would
like him, and I would like his honored col-
league, [Mr. Sargent,] to tell me what are
the peculiar influences usually exerted ill the
navy-yard on that coast. I would like my
friend to be frank and tell me just what was
done in the last election. I know what was
told me there. I know the rumors upon the
same character of fact that were current in
relation to the yard at Brooklyn, and if they
be not true, let it be at least understood by
the people how my friend was elected and the
influence exerted in his favor. As the gentle-
man from Maine has said, other parties would
do the same thing. Let us, at least, make
an effort to secure the selection of men in these
offices without regard to party.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COGIILAN. I wish to bay thai the
quasi charge brought by the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Cox] against the Mare Island
voters cotnes with a very bad grace from a
member of a party which, while I was running
as a candidate for the position of Congressman
from that district, in a town where the Mare
Island workmen all vote, and in which there
were five hundred and eighty-odd Democratic
voters, only polled for their candidate, a
worthy and good man, a little over two hun-
dred Democratic votes. I am proud to say
that I stand here as a Representative voted
for by three hundred and fifty of the gentle-
man's own political followers, who do not
belong to the navy-yard at all, but are mer-
chants and business men, and who do not
receive any special benefit from the navy-yard.
Mr. Chairman, there is something in what
the gentleman from New York has said as to
the mode in which men are employed in these
navy-yards. I have done all in my power to
correct it, and have been reprehended by
some of my party friends at home for putting
Democrats to work. I have always thought
that the laborer should not be deprived of
the opportunity to earn a livelihood for his
family because of his political proclivities,
although I know that in the days of the Dem-
ocracy men who worked with the Democracy
prevented any man who was a Republican, or
even one whose wife's cousin was a Repub-
lican, from going inside the yard as a work-
man. Those men remember these things, and
are endeavoring to prevent the Democracy
from getting work.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. COX. The gentleman says that this is
the policy of his party and he is compelled to
abide by it.
Mr. COGHLAN. I do not say it is the
policy of the party; but there are men among
us, educated under the rule of the Democracy,
who wish to carry out the old rule and policy
of that party and prevent our political oppo-
nents from holding even the position of labor-
ers under the Government. The great Repub-
lican party does not carry its political principles
or its partisan animosities so far. It does not
say to the laboring man, "You shall not earn
a living because you are a Democrat;" but
there are some old remnants of the Democratic 1
party who are in our ranks to-day who always
stick to the doctrine that " to the victors belong
the spoils," and that no man shall be voted
for and no man be allowed even to labor at a
navy-yard if he does not support our party.
The gentleman will see that such men have
still, in spite of their Republicanism, some of
the old leaven of Democracy yet clinging to
them.
Mr. COX. I will withdraw my formal
amendment.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to move a substantial amendment to the one
moved by the gentleman from New Hamp-
shire, [Mr. Hibbard,] to add to it the follow- I
ing: |
And the mechanics and laborers shall be selected !
by the heads of the several mechanical departments I
in the several navy-yards, without the interference '
of any naval officer. I
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I rise to a point j
of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman will
St&t6 lfc
Mr. _ GARFIELD, of Ohio. My point of
order is that this proposed amendment to the
amendment is a proposition to change existing
laws, and therefore is not in order upon an
appropriation bill.
Mr. BROOKS, of New York. That point
of order is too late.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I have
proposed ail amendment which is germane to
the amendment now pending.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I do not think
my point of order is too late.
The CHAIRMAN. No point of order hav-
ing been raised upon the amendment of the
gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr. Hib-
bard] which is now pending, and the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Butler] to that amendment being ger-
mane thereto, the Chair holds that the amend-
ment to the amendment is in order.
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I desire
to say that I have had some little political
experience as well in the Democratic party as
in the Republican party. I am quite sure it
was always one of the Democratic means of
carrying elections, in the neigborhood of navy-
yards, to control them so far as to see that
their friends were selected for employment in
the various bureaus of the navy-yards. In evi-
dence of that 1 will state that when we Dem-
ocrats cast only some forty thousand out of
some one hundred and twenty-five or one hun-
dred and thirty thousand votes in the State of
Massachusetts, in the olden time, Chai'lestown
was always Democratic, because the navy-yard
was there, and the Secretary of the Navy was
a Democrat, under a Democratic administra-
tion. I did not complain of that; my Demo-
cratic friends did not then complain of it. And
when they again come into power, if we ever
do have another Democratic President, they
will want to do the same thing again. But as
they propose now to vote for a Republican for
President, perhaps that is the reason why they
want to adopt this amendment at the present
time. [Laughter.]
But I now desire to speak of a special griev-
ance ; and that is, that, by the system of which
my colleague [Mr Baxks] spoke some time
since, there are several—eight or nine I think
—distinct bureaus in each navy-yard of the
country—of construction aud repairs, of black-
smithing, of boat-building, of sail-making,
and so on. Each of these bureaus has at the
head of it a proper, learned, and skilled me-
chanic ; but over him, in each of these bureaus
or departments, is a line officer of the Navy.
There are, therefore, some eight or nine dif-
ferent departments in our navy-yards presided
over by line officers of the Navy. Now what
I desire, and that is the purport of my amend-
ment, is that the skilled mechanics who are
at the head of these several bureaus, and who
are responsible for the proper performance of
the work done, shall be allowed to select
their laborers independent of politics, and
without the interference of these line officers
of the Navy.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to ask my colleague
what he proposes to do with the line officers ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. They
will go to sea, I hope, when we shall have
provided ships to put theui in.
Mr. DAWES. Will the gentleman put that
in his amendment, so that they will be sure
to go ?
Mr. BUTLER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
correct all the bad things in the Navy by one
amendment. But I desire that if these officers
are to be there they shall not interfere with
the mechanical work of the navy-yards. I am
now looking after the laborer and the me-
chanic. ^ Why do our ships cost more than
ships built ouiside of our navy-yards, when
we have large establishments of shops and
machinery, no rent to pay, and no interest to
pay on our investments? We ought to be able
to build ships as cheaply in our navy-yards as
they can be built outside. It is not on account
of our laborers. They labor as well, and I
believe do as much work in eight hours in our
navy-yards as they do iu ten hours outside.
The difficulty is, that the selection of the
laborers is taken away from the mechanical
heads of the various departments iu the yards.
Takethe naval constructor. He makes out
a list of the workmen that he wants to employ,
but under the regulations of the Navy Depart-
ment he is bound to send that list to the com-
mandant of the yard, who can strike off that
list anybody he chooses, aud put on anybody
he chooses, and the naval constructor must
agree to it. So with the master carpenter, the
master boat-builder, the master painter, the
master tail-maker, and the masters of the
various other departments of work in the yard.
For that reason 1 desire this House, iu all
soberness and earnestness, to take advantage
of what my friend from Maine [Mr. Hale]
says will be done by the Government, and
adopt the amendment I have proposed. I do
not see why it should do any harm to allow
skilled men to select skilled men. That is all
I want. I desire that the laborers shall look
to the heads of their respective departments
for promotion and for the stability of their
positions. To secure this object I have pro-
posed my amendment, which I hope will be
adopted.
Mr. HALE. I do not know that 1 exactly
understand the amendment of the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Butler,] and I ask
that it be again read.
The Clerk again read the amendment.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Chairman, I am by no
means certain but that this amendment is in
its purpose a good one; but I want to suggest
to the gentleman who offers it certain doubts
that arise in my mind with respect to the
operation of his proposition. The trouble, it
seems to me, is this : the responsibility for
the labor does not lie upon the heads of those
mechanical departments. Those heads are
not officers of the Government. They are
employed as laboiers are employed, although
their pay, of course, is larger. They have no
fixed tenure or term of office; they are com-
ing aud going from time to time as laborers
come and go. Another power must settle how
many men are wanted at a particular time ;
the number cannot be settled by these head
mechanics. Of course, then, the perma-
nent officials in charge, the commandants
of the yards or the executive officers detailed
for the charge of these different mechanical
departments, who have the responsibility from
month to month and from year to year to the
Navy Department and the country, are the
men to whom we may safely look for the proper
expenditure of the money paid in the employ-
ment of laborers.
Now, I have no doubt that the commandant
of the yard, or the executive officer detailed
there, will at any time consult with whoever
may happen to be at the head of any mechan-
ical department ts to the kind of men that he
wants. But if you put it iu the power of these
temporary heads, these master mechanics who
are employed by the day, and perhaps only for
a short time, to say what men .shall come iu
and what men shall go out, then _ every time
you change the head of a mechanical depart-
ment and put in another man at so much a
day he turns out at once the men who are in
and brings in his own men ; and thus you have
what is the worst thing you can have in any
