3720
THE CONGK1SSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
row and very likely to-morrow night; and if
a courtesy which we extended in this way is thus
reciprocated, certainly the Senator can see
that it affords but very little inducement to
those who had the power the other day to sit
out this bill again to put themselves in such
an attitude as this.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Well, Mr.
President, I heed the persuasive appeal of the
honorable Senatorfrom New York. I didnot
understand that our discussing this bill to this
late period of the morning was against the
spirit of that agreement. We suffer with your-
selves in remaining here; but this is a very
important question. There has been no dispo-
sition to object to pressing the bill to a final
vote. We are all for that, and willing to vote
on the bill.
Mr. CONKLING. But if the Senator will
pardon me, he will remember that I urged for
one that we should proceed with the bill at
once on last Thursday with the understanding
that it should not be closed until the Senator
from Delaware on Monday could deliver his
speech. We encountered an objection, if
not by the Senator individually, by his friends.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. Not me.
Mr. CONKLING-. They insisted on the
postponement of the commencement of the
consideration of the bill until Monday ; and
now the honorable Senator tells me I must re-
member it is a very important bill. Yes, sir.
No more important, however, than it was
when we pressed it on this side, fearing such a
result, and when the gentlemen on that side
said, "Oh, no, we will agree unanimously;
here goes our unanimous consent that on
Tuesday the vote shall be taken here it is
now almost four hours beyond Tuesday 
Mr. THHUMAN, (in his seat.) No.
Mr. CONKLING. I say yes to my friend
from Ohio, anil 1 appeal to the Journal, for
this thing was talked over twice, and his col-
league put it on record, and it was read twice
aloud and stands there upon the Journal, as I
stated, to which I appeal; and now the Sena-
tor, when nearly four hours after midnight
have passed, four hours beyond the end of
that day, turns to me and says " This is a very
important measure." Yes, Mr. President, we
thought so then, and I imagine that we shall
be in time in pausing hereafter during the
brief residue of this session before we commit
ourselves unnecessarily to an understanding
like this, if such |>e the inconvenience and
such be the treatment to which we are sub-
jected.
Mr. THUHMAN. Allow me to say one
word. I do not' think the Senator from New
York has any authority in the world for im-
puting anything like bad faith or violation of
agreement. I never heard a more unwar-
ranted imputation. We proposed that the
debate should commence on Monday and end
on Wednesday, and the Globe will show it,
that there should be three days. The major-
ity would not agree to that, and the Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Scott] went on and
made his speech on Friday. lie was followed
by the Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Pratt,]
and then my colleague, not a Democrat, pro
posed that the bill should go over to Monday,
and that the vote should be taken on Tues-
day. Then we got substantially what we asked,
three days' debate on the bill. It was not that
we proposed the arrangement which was made.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not say that you
proposed it, hut did you not agree to it?
Mr. THUPuMAN. Agree to what?
Mr. CONKLING. Agree that tbe vote
should be taken on Tuesday?
Mr. THURMAN. Yes, certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Well.
Mr. THURMAN. But does not the Sen-
ator know perfectly we.U that again and again
in his experience on bills, one of which he
had charge of, where the vote was to be taken
on a particular day, we sat until broad day-
light next morning?
Mr. CONKLING. I beg the Senator's
pardon. I know the bill he refers to. There
was no agreement about taking the vote on it.
We sat here silently, and by persistence won
a vote from the exhaustion of the Senator and
his party friends.
Mr. THURMAN, The Senator is right in
that particular.
Mr. CONKLING. Now, if the Senator
will show me within the last twelve years an
instance in either House of Congress where,
when the majority has tendered to the mi-
nority an agreement to vote on a certain day
and they have accepted it, they have held on
until four o'clock the next morning, I will
admit at least that there is a precedent for
this somewhat loose and general way of observ-
ing agreements. But I do not want my friend
to assume quite so lofty a tone with me in the
face of these facts as to talk about an un-
warrantable assumption.
I will say now to that honorable Senator what
I have taken care not to say before, that when
I agree with the Senator that I will do a certain
thing on a certain day, I care not what that
thing is nor the forum in which the agreement
is made, I do not observe that agreement if at
four o'clock the morning afterward I refuse to
perform it. Whether it be an unwarrantable
assumption or not, I maintain that proposition.
It is laid down in the law books and it is laid
down in morals, and it was laid down in that
understanding which by consenting to we have
lost a night's rest and done that which I humbly
conceive thus warned we shall not be likely to
do again, and then the Senator from Ohio and
myself will have no discussion, unpleasant or
otherwise, as to what the agreement was.
Mr. THURMAN. Threaten as much as he
pleases, the Senator from New York shall not
with impunity impute to the minority on this
floor improper motives or improper conduct.
Do what you please, sit oat your bills without
any agreement, I say that the practice has been,
as far as I know it, (and the contrary never
occurred to the Senator until these nearly four
hours had passed by,) that an agreement to
vote on a day meant the legislative day which
extends until eleven o'clock to-morrow.
I have no disposition to weary the Senate;
I am ready to vote at any moment; but what
I dislike is that anybody shall get up a quarrel
without the least authority or shadow of rea-
son, and impute to these men who have sat
here and made a quorum when that whole side
of the Senate nearly is empty of its seats, when
without us you would have had no quorum
hours ago—impute to us a disposition to vio-
late our honorable plighted faith. Sir, we are
as honorable as any men, the Senator from
New York not excepted, and if he assumes
that he is more honorable or more disposed to
hold to his engagements than those on this
side of the Chamber he assumes what is false.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. President, if I may
be allowed one suggestion, although 1 do not
wish to hammer my desk or brandish my fist
or make the display of muscular oratory that
my very distinguished friend from Ohio has
made, by which I see he has become very red
in the face—not to his injury, I hope—I wish
the Senate would consider that I am quite as
much in earnest as the honorable Senator was
when he said that which I think very offensive
and very far-fetched.
Mr. President, I meant to say ali that I said.
I measured my expression. I mean to repeat
it, and I say to the Senator, I repeat again
without indulging in such an excessive over-
flow of gymnastics or such extraordinary gyra-
tions or gesticulations as he has done, that
when he makes an agreement with me to do a
thing on Tuesday, and Wednesday morning at
four o'clock finds him with a flourish refusing
to do it, he does not observe that agreement,
as I understand. If that is offensive to the
Senator, let him make the most of it. I have
said that, and I repeat it.
Now, Mr. President, I do not wish anything
unpleasant out of this, certainly nothing un-
pleasant if it can be avoided; but I give notice
in good nature, "to all whom it may concern,"
that during the residue of this session an
agreement entered into which requires unani-
mous consent, and which can be obviated by
one objection, will not occur unless it is so
definite in its form, unless it is so certain in
its terms that Senators cannot differ at least
as to what it means. That much I say, and I
hope it conveys no threat, for really if in the
Senate of the United States when an agree-
ment is made that two days shall be given to a
subject, and that on the second day we shall
vote, that day having passed and four or five
hours of the next day, and men having sat
here who are not able to sit, some of them
without having occupied one moment in the
debate, if offense is to be taken by the minority
of the Senate, or anybody else, because an
appeal is made not to tax them further, it is high
time that we take care what engagements we
enter into. The health of the Senatorfrom Ohio
requires it, because venerable as he is in years
it is really dangerous to him that any state of
things should be allowed to exist which can
lead to his being thrown into such an exces-
sive paroxysm, such unwholesome and inju-
rious excitement as that which my honorable
friend has displayed. It certainly cannot be
good for him, after making two such extraor-
dinary efforts as he has made during the night,
to allow himself in the cool of the morning to
become thus disturbed. And if it were only
that I might see him spared any such occasion
again, I repeat that I shall endeavor, for one,
to be very careful during the residue of this
session that no unanimous agreement is en-
tered into upon which my honorable friend
from Ohio and myself can possibly disagree ;
we shall have it at least so definite that there
will be no question of that kind.
Mr. THURMAN. Mr. President, I need
neither the guardianship, moral or political,
of the Senator from New York, nor any of his
admonitions; and if I did become excited I
became excited by what ever will excite me.
The man that imputes to me any breach of
faith must not expect me to keep cool. It is
not in my nature, sir. I will argue fairly with
any man and keep my temper; but when a
man undertakes to rise in his place and im-
pute dishonorable motives to me and my asso
ciates, he must not expect me to keep cool.
Now, sir, if the Senator sees fit to make no
more agreements, well and good; we shall not
be the losers by that. But, sir, there is one
very remarkable thing : this bill is not in the
charge of the Senator from New York ; it is
in the charge of the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia. Twelve o'clock came, and not one word
was lisped against the debate or the prolonga-
tion of it. The Senator from New York said
nothing against the prolongation of it. Since
twelve o'clock a speech has been delivered by
my friend from Wisconsin, [Mr. Carpenter,]
to which we all listened with attention and
with pleasure. A speech has been delivered
by others since twelve o'clock, I think, but I
am not sure, in support of this bill, but not
one word was suggested. If the Senator had
got up and in a civil and courteous manner
suggested to us that he understood the mean-
ing of this agreement to be that we should
vote at twelve o'clock, he would have been
responded to courteously; but when, with a
manner, a tone, and a language that was offen-
sive to the honor of the Democratic mem-
bers on this floor, he impliedly at leastcharges
them with a breach of faith, he cannot expect
that we shall keep cool.
Mr. CONKLING. One word. The Senator
from Ohio, as to me, is quite at liberty to keep
cool or to keep hot. He seems to be inclined
to keep hot. Certainly, I want him to consult
his own convenience about that, and I beg that
he will not have the slightest reference to mo
in the way that he regulates his system in that
regard. I remind the Senator, however, that
