1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1929
died by competitive examination. I call this
an error, for such it is and nothing else.
The Government has not been troubled
much with incompetent officials. If such are
ever appointed, as doubtless they sometimes
arc, they very soon make known their incom-
petency and are not long retained. In fact, I
Ijelieve the competency and efficicney of the
officers of our civil service are conceded by
those best informed upon the subject. If,
however, incompetency was the trouble, com-
petitive examinations would not afford the
remedy. The successful man in such an ex-
amination will not always, or generally, prove
the most competent and useful in office. Prac-
tical ability is what is needed, and this is often
found in persons who would answer questions
in philosophy or metaphysics but poorly, and
who might not excel even in elocution or
penmanship.
Besides, I protest against the policy of
placing all the offices in the bands of those who
have been blessed with the means and oppor-
tunity of acquiring a thorough, technical educa- j
tion, to the exclusion of those in humbler cir-
cumstances, and with less thorough culture, but
who are abundantly qualified to fill with ability
and success many of the civil offices of the
Government. If a board of examiners are to
decide who shall be appointed, or, what is
equivalent, name three persons and require
the appointment of one of the three, then
I apprehend that many of the best men in
the land will be practically crowded out to
make room for others more highly educated,
bat really no better qualified. The trouble is
not that it is difficult to find competent persons
for the offices. I agree that there must bo an
examination of applicants for many of the
places, or, what is better, an employment for a
short time on trial, but all this can with safety
be left to the officer under whose immediate
supervision the applicant is to be employed.
The truth is, the civil service commission
have mistaken the evil, and, very naturally,
the remedy also. The evil is not incompe-
tency, and the remedy is not competitive
examination. It may be said that the great
evil is the filling of all the offices with parti-
sans. This is partly true and partly not true.
I hold that the power of making vacancies at
any time and without cause, in order to fill
them with personal friends or as a reward for
services to a party, is the great source of all
the difficulty. If every man who is appointed
to a civil office could know that he had a right
io the office for a fixed period, not to be for-
feited except for misconduct or incapacity,
many of the most grievous of the evils of the
civil service would disappear.
I hold that whoever is chosen to and accepts
an office, and assumes its responsibilities and
duties, giving up other employment for that
purpose, ought to have a right to it for a fixed
term, and should not be subject to removal
within that term because of any honest opinion s
he may entertain, nor because of the persons
or the party in whose behalf he gives his influ-
ence or his vote. But I hold, further, that after
having given to every official this fixed term
of office, when vacancies occur in the ordinary
way in an office to be filled by appointment,
the President orotber appointing officer should
be at liberty to prefer his political friends to
his political opponents.
I cannot go so far as to favor a statute re-
quiring .the President to appoint persons to
office whose official patronage ana influence
will bo wielded in opposition to the principles
which he believes essential to national pros-
perity. Let a term be fixed during which the
official is secure against removal for opin-
ion's sake, and we need fear no evil as the
result of allowing every President to fill vacan-
cies, as they regularly and naturally occur,
from among his party friends if he chooses to
prefer them. Take away the power to create
vacancies at will, and yon need not fear the
power of filling them, especially if the ap-
pointing power is curtailed by giving to the
people the power to elect in a large majority
of cases. Once this reform is inaugurated
vacancies will occur at intervals and not in
overwhelming numbers at the opening of each
new Administration. There will be time and
opportunity to consider the merits of appli-
cants. The President will not be harassed
from the beginning to the end of his admin-
istration by seekers for office. It being un-
derstood that there is no power to make "a
place1' for anybody by removing ail incum-
bent. the great pressure for place will be
removed.
In a large class of placcs in the Departments
and elsewhere, when; experience is very val-
uable, reappointments will doubtless bo, as
a matter ot course ; but the public service
will be greatly benefited by the incumbents of
these places understanding that a reappoint-
ment depends upon faithfulness and efficiency.
Heretofore every new President, and to a great
extent every new Cabinet minister or member
of Congress, has been expected to make room
for his especial friends and supporters by
making or procuring to be made removals.
So long as it is known that the President can
without cause make removals, and that cer-
tain members of Congress can influence the
President, so long the pressure for office, the
clamor for change, and the great wrong and
injustice of causeless removals will continue.
But take away this power of removal _ without
cause, and the clamor will cease in great
measure, the pressure 'will grow light, and the
injustice of caus-eless removals will come to
an end.
A fixed and definite tenure of office for every
Federal official is not only best for the people
but it is due to the officeholder. He loses his
independence and manhood in a large meas-
ure when the support of his family depends
upon retaining his office, and retaininghis office
depends upon his thinking and acting polit-
ically as some one else may dictate. Nothing
could be more distasteful to an American citi-
zen, possessed of the true spirit of independ-
ence, than to bold office at the pleasure of
another, with the certain knowledges that he
must think and vote us that other desires or
lose his place. To hold office upon such terms
is destructive of true freedom. The right of pri-
vate judgment and freedom of speech should
be as sacred in polities as in religion.
The fact that no civil offices, except those
of a judicial character, have any definite or
permanent tenure, has made possible the prac-
tice of regarding the offices all forfeited to the
successful party in a presidential campaign.
The wholesale removal from office which, in
consequence of this pernicious doctrine, gen-
erally follows a change of Administration, is,
perhaps, the greatest evil of our present sys-
tem. A new President comes to Washington
to be inaugurated and finds that tens ol thou-
sands of his ardent friends and admirers have
flocked hither in advance of him to receive
I their reward for faithful services rendered.
! They are not in all cases ihc inost disinter-
! esteel and patriotic friends ot the new Admin
; istration, nor in any sense the most competent
j or deserving, but they are the most persistent
j and clamorous. They urge their member of
| Congress to press their claims daily upon Presi-
1 dent and Cabinet. The new Chief Magistrate
finds himself so sorely pressed as to be almost
compelled to remove the great mass of the
men in office, and to fill their places with new
i men of whoie fitness he knows nothing and
j about which lie has little opportunity to learn.
! We shall soon have one hundred thousand
Federal offices which, if the Constitution be
not amended, must be filled by appointment.
Shall we, I ask in all seriousness, deliberately
continue a system which places this immense
patronage in the hands of one man, makes it
the prize for which presidential contests are
fought, and sanctions the doctrine which de-
clares it all as legitimate spoils in the hands
of the successful party? In the hands of a
patriotic and honest Executive such vast pat-
ronage is dangerous, because he must, in a
large majority of cases, act upon the advice
of others, and may therefore innocently fur-
ther the purposes of corrupt and designing
men, but when this vast power comes into the
hands of a weak or wicked man, as it has in
the past, and may again in the future, who
can estimate the power for evil it would give
him?
It does not seem to me to require further
argument to show that at the bottom of all
the evils of the civil service lies the power
of removal without cause and the consequent
uncertainty of tenure. These produce nat-
urally and inevitably the great majority of
all the evils of which we complain. If this
be so, the utter failure of the plan adopted by
the President upon the recommendation of
the board of civil service commissioners is
inevitable. It will fail because it does not
deal with the power of removals. It will fail
for other reasons, to which I will now call the
attention of the House.
It is necessarily temporary. Our present
Chief Executive may faithfully observe it,
but will his successor do so? He has told
us in his message that the rules would not
bind his successor unless they shall be em-
bodied iu an act of Congress. We shall see
presently that any such act of Congress with-
out an amendment of the Constitution would
be of very questionable validity, if adopted,
however, what guarantee of permanency have
we? Would it not bo repealed by the first
Congress elected after its practical operation
became known? Or if it escaped this, what
would be its fate if some other party than that
now iu power should get control? No sooner
would the leaders of such a party come into
poner, than they would be set upon with
the cry that they ought to reward those who
wore most active iu securing their elevation,
and so great would be the pressure that it
would be next to impossible to prevent a
repeal of all these rules and a return to the
old system of rewarding the victors with the
spoils.
I am not satisfied with these rules for another
reason. I do not believe they are binding, or
can be made binding upon any President,
while the Constitution remains unchanged.
The appointing power is vested by the Consti-
tution in the President and Senate, or in the
heads of Departments, or courts of law. If
Congress shall adopt the rules in question in
the form of a statute, the effect of sucti statute,
if it have any effect at all, will be to require
the appointment in each case of one of three
persons, to be named by a board of examiners,
as the persons best qualified among the num-
ber, be it great or small, who have seen fit to
submit to a competitive examination. Does
not such a provision virtually take the appoint-
ing power away from the officers in whom the
Constitution vests it?
If Congress can compel the President to
appoint one.of three persons in a ease where
the Constitution declares the President shall
appoint, it can of course require the appoint-
ment of one of two, and may provide that the
three or the two, as the case may he, from
whom the selection must be made, shall be
named by some person or persons other than
the President. I know it is said that Con-
gress may provide the qualifications which s-,
civil officer shall possess, as that he shall be u
citizen of the United States twenty-one years
! of age, or that he shall possess certain qu<iii-
I fications of an educational character. This
j may be admitted, and the admission does not
' solve the difficulty. Suppose it be conceded
that Congress may require all these qualifica-
tions, can it provide that the President orother
appointing officer under the Constitution shall
