1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3721
he was not drafted for the war in which he is
engaged now. He is a volunteer, and I think
he wandered a great way to volunteer.
My honorable friend from Maryland had the
floor; a Senator with whom I have an under-
standing so good that I was not mistaken, as
the event showed, in supposing that I might
take the liberty of making an appeal to him.
I did make an appeal to him, and I am quite
sure that the honorable Senator will confirm
me in saying that it was an appeal at which
he took no offense whatever. On the contrary,
we were discussing the matter in a very ami-
cable way, when the Senator from Ohio came
into the Chamber with a very youthful paroxysm
of activity, if not of feeling, and plunged him-
self into the debate in the way in which the
Senate has seen. I am quite content with that
if he is. I have no quarrel with the honorable
Senator from Ohio. He seems quite anxious
to have one, and whether I decline combat,
with him or not, I certainly seek no quarrel.
It is enough for me to say, in reply to the last
remarks made by the Senator, that my sugges-
tion was to the Senator from Maryland, who
certainly took no offense at the suggestion [
made. I was appealing to him to know, put-
ting it to him to say whether it was fair under
the agreement to keep us here longer. There-
fore, the Senator from Ohio, I wish him dis-
tinctly to understand, has sought with me, and
not I with him, the dialogue in which he has
been so heated. 1 made no reference to him ;
I had nothing to do wiih him at the moment,
acceptable and agreeable as it may be to have
to do with that Senator ; but he came into the
Chamber in the very promiscuous and turbu-
lent manner, as 1 think, which the Senate has
witnessed, and expressed his views upon the
propriety of what I was saying to a Senator
very abundantly able to take care of himself.
Mr. THURMAN. Did not the Senator
from New York speak of me ?
Mr. CONKLING. I tell the Senator he him-
self began the colloquy. I do not know in
what way that Senator supposes I alluded to
him. He was not in his seat when I made the
appeal to the Senator from Maryland. 1 was
speaking to the Senator from Maryland ; cer-
tainly not to the Senator from Ohio. I sup-
pose the Senator from Ohio must realize that
he does not constitute the whole of the minor-
ity in this Chamber, distinguished as he is
among them. And when I was alluding to
those gentlemen in a colloquy with the Senator
from Maryland, certainly I was not alluding spe-
cially to the Senator from Ohio. On the con-
trary, the absence of all allusion to him is one
of the causes of surprise that I felt that he
should come into a dialogue, the other party lo
which, I repeat, without any assistance was
abundantly able to look out for himself, and to
which the Senator from Maryland was respond-
ing in the same courtesy in which I addressed
him.
But, Mr. President, it is not worth while to
prolong a thing so very unimportant as this,
and I leave it, simply reminding the Senator
that when twelve o'clock came the Senator
from Pennsylvania did waive his right, I think
before twelve o'clock came, to speak, although
he had a right by courtesy to close the debate ;
he said he would waive it in the hope of a
vote. The Senator from Texas, who had
expected to speak, and who announced to the
Senate that he was prepared to speak, did the
same thing. So much for the suggestion that
nobody thought when twelve o'clock came
that we ought to be allowed to vote.
Mr. SCOTT. I trust I may be pardoned in
saying a word in this stage of the case. When
the agreement was made that the debate on
this bill should close upon Tuesday, certainly
I accepted Tuesday in the ordinary significa-
tion of the term, and supposed when Tuesday
ended the bill would end. When that time
approached, however, as the thought struck
me that perhaps a different interpretation
might be put upon the agreement in giving
Tuesday its legislative .sense, I did take the
trouble of going to the Secretary and making
the inquiry as to what the interpretation would
be in a legislative sense of that agreement, and
learned from him that if insisted upon the
legislative sense of the agreement would be
that Tuesday would not terminate until the
next session of the Senate, which under the
rule, would commence at eleven o'clock on
Wednesday.
Mr. CO NKLING. That the legislative day
would continue until then?
Mr. SCOTT. That the legislative daywould
eoutinue until then.
Mr. CONICLING. Nodoubtofit.
Mr. SCO l1 F. I made inquiry, however,
through the Chamber, and found that it was
the expectation that the bill would be closed
by twelveo'clock. Butldidnotriseto makeany
point upon the agreement for the reason that I
had ascertained this would be the interpreta-
tion put upon the agreement if insisted upon.
I understood the Senator from New York to
rise and to signify to the Senator from Mary-
land, who then had the floor, that it was the
expectation that the debate would close and
the vote be taken at twelve o'clock, and I regret
very much thai anything should have occurred
to have thrown a warmth which seems to me
to have been unnecessary into the discussion
of this question. If there was that difference
of opinion that upon the one side we expected
it to close at twelve o'clock,, and the impres-
sion was entertained on the other that it was to
go on until eleven o'clock to-morrow, certainly
that, difference of opinion could have been very
readily disposed of williout, the feeling which it
has engendered.
1 did,-before twelve o'clock, 1 believe, waive
my right, what 1 thought was my rightatleast,
as the chairman of the committee, waived a
privilege at least which I desired to exercise,
of closing the debate. I came here prepared
to close this debate, and expected to close it
be'bre twelve o'clock ; but the time was occu-
pied by others, and in the expectation of closing
it I did rise at least once and say that I would
forego my right of saying anything further ifa
vote could be reached. Now, if Senators on
the other side insist upon the technical terms
ol the agreement, and the Senator from Mary-
land desires to proceed, 1 hope we shall, even
with that understanding, be able to arrive very
soon at a disposition of this bill.
Mr. STEVENSON. I want to say a single
word. When the first agreement was pro-
posed, I objected. Then the Senator from
Pennsylvania went on. I was not in the
Chamber when the other agreement was en-
tered into, but I heard of it and acquiesced
in it, and I wanted to live up to the faith of it.
I called the attention of the Senate, as it will
be remembered, to the fact that it was one
minute after twelve o'clock, and I said we had
stepped over the agreement. I was then told
that the legislative day did not expire until
eleven o'clock to-morrow. Then I considered
that the other side had put a construction ou
it, for certainly 1 was willing at that time to
have taken the vote.
Mr. CASSERLY. Mr. President, as I have
not spoken during this debate, I may be
allowed to say a word upon this question which
has arisen, and has assumed to some extent
so unpleasant a form. I speak, however, with
the more willingness because I had some-
thing to do with the framing, as I supposed,
of the agreement under which we are now
acting. My original proposition was that we
should commence the debate on this bill on
Saturday, continuing on Monday and on Tues-
day, and then we should sit it out if the ma-
jority so insisted. That was the language
which I think, with very little variation, I
used—I think with the understanding, very
distinct in my own mind, that the meaning of
that language was that we should stay here
upon Tuesday and as long afterward as should
be necessary "for the disposition of this bill. I
had no idea, and I do not believe that at that
time anybody had any idea, that it was in-
tended that the debate should close by twelve
o'clock Tuesday night. Now, what may be
the precise language of the rule I am not able
to say. I will ask the Clerk, however, to read
it. That rule, I may observe, was drawn by
the Senator from Ohio, not now in his seat,
[Mr. Sherman.] I did not attend specialty
to its language, but my impression when I
read it was that it did not differ at all in its
effect from the language which I had employed
myself in proposing the agreement. My
proposition was as to Monday and'Tuesday,
that which I understood to be adopted by the
written rule or order of the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] which I will ask the
Clerk now to read.
The Chief Clerk. The order adopted on
the 17th of May was :
"Ordered, That on Monday next, at twelve o'clock.
Senate bill No. 656, to extend the provisions of the
fourth section of the act approved April 20.1871, be
resumed to the exclusion of all other business, and
that it be continued, subject to recess and adjourn-
ment, until disposed of before adjournment on
Tuesday."
Mr. CASSERLY. I had no other under-
standing of that rule than what I have ex-
pressed, that we were to debate this bill on
Monday and on Tuesday, and on Tuesday we
would sit it out if the majority insisted on
that. As I understand the matter, we are
here to carry out that agreement. So careful
were myself and my associates of what wa
supposed to be the faith involved that we have
remained here at as much inconvenience to
ourselves as any of the Senators of the ma-
jority could have experienced. We have
kept a quorum.
I should not have said a word but for what
I regard as the extremely unwarranted posi-
tion as to manner and language assumed by
the Senator from New York. Since I have
been in this Seuate I never have known an
occasion where any understanding, implied or
expressed, was ever violated intentionally by
the minority to which I belong. Certainly
the present occasion was no exception to that
remark. If the Senator from New York were
as entirely right as he is and has been entirely
wrong, there would not only be no justification
but no excuse for the manner that he has seen
fit to assume toward the minority on this
floor. The Senator has such a gift of lan-
guage, and so many ways of saying unpleasant
things, that he seems to forget frequently that
the persons who are the objects of that peculiar
talent of his are in all respects his peers on
this floor.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to inquire of him what is the thing that he
ascribes to me which he says is unpleasant? I
do not refer to my colloquy with the Sen-
ator from Ohio, because that is another mat-
ter ; but about the thing in hand.
Mr. CASSERLY. The Senator understands
all about that. As one distinguished man said
to another in a debate, that he was unparlia-
mentary from the first word to the last that he
uttered in the debate ; so every word and
every gesture and every tone that I saw
and listened to from the Senator from New
York in regard to this breach of faith which
he has asserted, and which nobody else has
asserted here as against the minority, were to
the last degree unpleasant, not to say offensive.
I sometimes think the Senator is so much
in the habit of using strong language and
pointed language, and language with an edge,
that frequently he is not conscious how dis-
agreeable he is, and how unpleasant he is in
his remarks toward his associates in this
Chamber.
If there is any Senator here to whom it is a
luxury to have bad faith imputed to him by
another Senator in regard to an agreement
resting, as it must rest, wholly in honor, !
know of no member of the minority who is in
that category. If there be a Senator who is
