THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to take a resolution from the table, and refer
it to the Committee on Public Buildings and
Grounds, in reference to the Chicago appro-
^The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Vermont asks unanimous consent to
take a resolution from the table.
Mr. THURMAN. Is objection made to my
motion?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Yes, sir.
Mr. THURMAN. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You cannot suspend the
rules by motion.
Several Senators, (to Mr. Edmunds. ) With-
draw your objection.
^ Mr. EDMU NDS. The subject we have been
discussing is so very important as to whether
we shall have an i dotted ora { crossed that
I think we had better go on with it to-morrow.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it in order to move to
go into executive session ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is.
Mr. SHERMAN, I make that motion.
Mr. THURMAN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Ohio farthest from the Chair moves
that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. CAMERON. Allow me to make an
appeal to the Senator from Ohio.
Mr. EDMUNDS. We will vote it down.
Do not talk on it.
Mr. CAMERON. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio to withdraw his motion to
adjourn so that we may go into executive ses-
sion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the other Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Sherman,] that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after thir-
teen minutes spent in the consideration of
executive business, the doors were reopened;
and (at five o'clock and twelve minutes p. m.)
the Senate adjourned to Monday next.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, December 14, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Brass, D. D.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
expenses op collecting customs.
Mr. BURCHARD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and adopted:
Resolved That the Secretary of the Treasury be
requested to inform the House what number of per-
sons were employed, and the total compensation paid
them, in the collection of customs during the fiscal
year ending June 30,1871, in the United States, and
in the districts of Hew York, Philadelphia, Boston
and Charlestown, Baltimore, New Orleans, and San
Francisco, and the amount of additional compensa-
tion as fees, moieties, traveling or contingent ex-
penses, allowed to or received by such employes;
also the total amount expended during said time
in the United States for the collection of customs,
including all incidental expenses and all expendi-
tures for the revenue-cutter service, and for the
rent, repair, erection, completion, or furnishing of
custom-nouses or other buildings or rooms used in
the collection of customs revenue.
election contest boles vs. edwards.
The SPEAKER laid before the House addi-
tional evidence in the contested-election case
of Boles vs. Edwards; which was referred to
the Committee of Elections.
apportionment bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I now move that the
House resolve itself into Committee of the
Whole upon the apportionment bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, (Mr. Buffinton in the chair,) and
resumed the consideration of House bill No.
243, for the apportionment of Representatives
to Congress among the several States accord-
ing to the ninth census.
The CHAIRMAN. By order of the House
all general debate on this bill is limited to one
hour. The pending question is on the amend-
ment offered by the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Butler,] which will be reported
by the Clerk. It is in the form of a new section.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. —. That the election of all Representatives
in Congress shall be held on the first Tuesday after
the first Monday of N ovember of each alternate year,
after the election of electors of President and Vice
President in the year 1872, exoept for members of the
Forty-Third Congress, and except in oase of special
elections ordered to fill a vacancy.
Mr. STEVENSON. I move to amend the
pending amendment by adding thereto the fol-
lowing :
Provided further, That this section shall not apply
to the State of Maine or to the State of Indiana until
the year i876.
It will be remembered that during the last
Congress a bill was passed by this House sub-
stantially the same as the section now pending
as an amendment proposed to this bill. The
sentiment of the last House of Representatives
was largely in favor of that measure. I deem
it very important that some such measure should
become a law. What has been said of the
State of Indiana satisfies me, however, that
we should not attempt to bring that State into
this uniformity until 1870. She will then have
had time to amend her constitution and adapt
her legislation to that of Congress. As to the
State of Maine there is also a constitutional
objection; but I have not heard that there is
any obstacle to her changing it except her own
indisposition to do so. I am told that it can
be done within six months. I recognize, how-
ever, the propriety of indulging the State of
Maine. She does much for us. She not only
takes care of us by pointing the way in elec-
tions, but she gives to this House the beauty of
youth and the beauty of age, and furnishes the
guiding hand in our legislation. She holds
within her grasp the power of this House to
elevate or to depress men and measures. We
should deal gently with a State so fortunate
and powerful. I propose, therefore, to allow
her also the time to make the changes neces-
sary to conform to our act. Let us, with this
addition, adopt the amendment, so that by the
year 1876, which will be our national centen-
nial, we can all stand in line. If there is any
other State as to which there is an objection
in the State Constitution, I am willing that such
State shall be included in the amendment.
Mr. KERR. I hope that the amendment
will prevail. It is only a proper protection for
the two States named.
On agreeing to the amendment to the amend-
ment there were—ayes 44. noes 50; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Stevenson
and Mr. McIxtyre were appointed.
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 87, noes 07.
So the amendment, to the amendment was
adopted.
Mr. RANDALL. 1 move further to amend
the amendment by adding these words:
And Pennsylvania and Ohio, unless an alteration
be sooner made by amendment to their State consti-
tution.
Mr. Chairman, as to Pennsylvania and Ohio
the same necessity for this exception exists as
in the case of Indiana and Maine; and if the
latter two States are to be excepted from the
operations of this bill, there is no reason why j
Pennsylvania and Ohio should not be excepted, j
For myself, I prefer a uniform day throughout I
the United States for the election of members j|
of Congress; but the majority of this House
has indicated a disposition to relieve Indiana
and Maine; hence I feel it my duty to offer
this amendment.
Mr. DAWES. I would like to suggest a
change in the phraseology of the gentleman's
amendment.
Mr. RANDALL. I will hear the sugges-
tion of the gentleman.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
to modify his amendment so as to read thus:
The days for the election of members of Congress
shall be uniform throughout the Union, except in
those States that prefer some other day.
[Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL. I recognize the sarcasm,
the well-pointed sarcasm, of the gentleman's
suggestion.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman accept
the modification I suggest?
Mr. RANDALL. No, sir. The gentle-
man can have all the glory of his sarcasm in
the Globe; I do not think I need insert it in
my amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask that the whole
amendment, as amended, be read.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall] is entitled to the
floor.
Mr. RANDALL. I yield for the purpose
of allowing the amendment to be read.
The Clerk read as follows :
Add to the bill the following:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That the elec-
tion of all Representatives in Congress shall be held
on the first Tuesday after the first Monday of Novem-
ber of each alternate year, after the election of
electors of President and Vice President in the year
1872. except for members of the Forty-Third Con-
gress, and except in caseof special elections ordered
to fill a vacancy: Provided further. That this section
shall not apply to the State of Maine or to the State
of Indiana until the year 1876.
Mr. RANDALL. My amendment proposes
to add to what has just been read a provision
to include Pennsylvania and Ohio among the
States excepted unless the day be sooner
changed by an amendment of their State con-
stitutions. In Pennsylvania, it is true, we
have by an immense majority voted to make a
general revision of our State constitution;
and I was in hopes that if this original propo-
sition had passed our State convention would
promptly have acquiesced in the judgment of
Congress and fixed in the amended constitu-
tion the first Tuesday after the first Monday of
November, instead of the second Tuesday of
October, the day now fixed in the State con-
stitution; and Pennsylvania would thus con-
form hereafter to the day which has been
selected by a vast majority of the States.
But if Indiana and if the State of Maine are
to be exempted from the operation of this
bill, why should not Pennsylvania, and why
should not the State of Ohio? As to the
State of Ohio, I do not know whether their
constitution can be amended in time. I do
not know but it may be in the same situation.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Chairman, it
seems to me it will be better to postpone the
fixing of the day of election until some other
time. Let it be referred to some committee,
to the Committee of Elections, or to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, to prepare and report
a proper bill on this subject. It is only pro-
posed by the amendment that the elections
shall be uniform after 1872. It is not to take
effect until 1874, so that there is no necessity
for putting any provision in this bill on this
subject whatever. There is plenty of time
for Congress to provide by law, and by such
law as will obviate the least hardship on these
several States. A bill can be digested by the
proper committee, and reported to this House
for its action in the future.
I desire to get the apportionment bill through
so that the Legislatures may act upon it and
get it through before the holidays. This pro-
vision in regard to fixing the time for the elec'
tions may be postponed to some future day. It
only embarrasses the passage of this bill. We
have not the constitutional provisions of the
various States before us. We have not exam-
ined the subject sufficiently, nor can wc at this
time.
