1084
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
praying relief as a sub-contractor on the mail
route from Manitowoc to Menasha, Wisconsin.
By Mr. SPEER, of Georgia: The petition
of D. D. Doyal, of Spalding county, Georgia,
asking the removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. STEVENSON: The petition of
Albert Schaefer, Frank Eugel, Joseph There,
and 67 others, soldiers in the late war for the
Union, praying an equalization of bounties
and an amendment of the homestead laws.
By Mr. STRONG: The memorial of Gor-
don Robbing, of Hartford, Connecticut, rela-
tive to what are commonly called French spo-
liation claims.
By Mr. WILSON, of Ohio : The petition of
Martha R. Robinson, widow of Major Joshua
V. Robinson, deceased, late of the thirty-third
regiment Ohio volunteer infantry, praying a
pension.
post route bill introduced.
The following was introduced, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads:
By Mr. SHOBER: A bill to establish a post
route in the State of North Carolina, from
Catawba Station to Jefferson.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, February 15, X872.
Prayer by Rev. N. G. Axtell, D. D., of
New York.
The Journal of yesterday's proceedings was
read and approved.
house bills referred.
The following bills yesterday received from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred to the i
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds :
A bill (H. R. No. 1538) for the construction
of an addition to the United States court-house
and post office building in Indianapolis, Indi-
ana, and for the purchase of additional ground
adjoining the site of said building; ■
A bill (H. R. No. 1539) to provide for a
building for the use of the post office, custom-
house, pension office, United States circuit
and district courts, and internal revenue
offices, at Hartford, Connecticut; and
A bill (H. R. No. 1540) to authorize the pur-
chase of a site for a public building at Cincin-
nati, Ohio.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
M. C. Bowling, of Payette county, Alabama,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on the Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SCOTT. I present a petition very
largely signed by citizens of Philadelphia,
representing that they are largely interested as
property-owners and otherwise in the com-
merce of that port; that for many years past
all persons having occasion to transact busi-
ness on the river Schuylkill in that city have
been seriously embarrassed by street bridges
erected across such stream- in sueh a manner
as materially and unnecessarily to injure the
navigation of the river; that they, as well as
citizens of other States and foreign merchants,
have been much injured and damaged by the
absence of a proper survey of that river and
by the existence of obstructions which could
be easily removed. They then give statistics
at considerable length with reference to the
business done upon that river, and pray that
this petition may be referred to the proper
committee, and that, after full examination
and report, such measures may be adopted as
will secure the free navigation of the river.
I move the reference of this petition to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion w&3 agreed to.
Mr. OSBORN. I present the petition of
George E. Wentworth and others, directors of
the Pensacola and Barrancas Railroad Com-
pany, asking aid to construct a railroad con-
necting the present railroad system of the coun-
try with the military posts and navy-yard, ten
miles below Pensacola, and showing that this
work would be of great importance to the
Government of the United States. I move
that this petition be referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VICKERS presented the memorial of
Henry A. Lucas, type-founder, and twenty-
three others, workers in his establishment, in
the city of Baltimore, Maryland, remonstrating
against any change in the tariff laws abating
the duties on printing types, now successfully
produced in American founderies, and praying
lor a repeal of all duties on the raw material
used in the production of type, namely, tin,
antimony, and type-metal, so that home in-
dustries may be fostered and defended; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented the memorial of Ryan
& Ricketts, type-founders, and eleven others,
workers in their establishment, in the city of
Baltimore, Maryland, remonstrating against
any change in the tariff laws abating the duties
on printing types, now successfully produced
in American founderies, and praying for a
repeal of all duties on the raw material used
in the production of type, namely, tin, anti-
mony, and type-metal, so that home indus-
tries may be fostered and defended; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. SCHURZ presented the memorial of
Amos Sanford, special delegate from settlers
on the Cherokee neutral lands in Kansas, pray-
ing for the speedy passage of Senate bill No.
558, for the relief of actual settlers upon the
Cherokee neutral land in Kansas; which was
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. FENTON presented the petition of the
Sun Mutual Insurance Company of New York,
the Mercantile Mutual Insurance Company of
New York, the New York Mutual Insurance
Company of New York, and the China Mutual
Insurance Company of Boston, Massachusetts,
praying for a rehearing of their claim for the
loss of the bark Caldera, her cargo, &c., and
the payment of the same out of the Chinese
indemnity fund ; which was referred to the
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. CONKLING presented the memorial of
the Commercial Navigation Company of the
State of New York, asking that a committee
be appointed to investigate and report on the
circumstances connected with obligations en-
tered into between the United States and that
company; whick was referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. CAMERON presented the petition of
Henry M. Barnes and numerous other citizens
of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying Con-
gress to adopt snch measures as will provide
Philadelphia with a building sufficient to ac-
commodate the present and future postal busi-
ness of the city ; which was referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds.
He also presented the petition of McDowell
& Bennett and numerous other citizens of
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, praying Congress
to adopt such measures as will provide Phila-
delphia with a building sufficient to accommo-
date the present and future postal business of
the city';' which was referred to the Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
Taylor & Aspinwall, publishers of the Free-
port News, of Stephenson county, Illinois,
praying a modification of the postal laws;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a resolution adopted by
the Legislature of the State of Illinois, in favor
of the passage of a bill for the establishment
of an additional district court in that State at
Peoria; which was referred to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
He also presented the memorial of Barn-
hart Brothers & Spindler, type-founders, and
seven others, workers in their establishment,
in the city of Chicago, Illinois, remonstrating
against any change in the tariff laws abating
the duties on printing types, now successfully
produced in American founderies, and pray-
ing for a repeal of all duties on the raw mate-
rial used in the production of type, namely,
tin, antimony, and type-metal, so that home
industries may be fostered and defended;
which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
He also presented the memorial of Mar-
der, Luse & Co., type-founders, and_ twenty -
nine others, workers in their establishment,
in the city of Chicago, Illinois, remonstrat-
ing against any change in the tariff laws
abating the duties on printing types, now suc-
cessfully produced in American founderies,
and praying for a repeal of all duties on the
raw material used in the production of type,
namely, tin, antimony, and type-metal, so that
home industries may be fostered and defended :
which was referred to the Committeee on
Finance.
Mr. SUMNER presented the petition of
George Makepeace Fowler, of Boston, grand-
son of George Makepeace, formerly a mer-
chant of Boston, Massachusetts, praying in-
demnity for spoliations committed by the
French prior to the year 1801 ; which was
ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. MORTON presented the petition of J.
R. Monroe, publisher of the Seymour Times,
Indiana, praying a modification of the postal
laws ; which was referred to the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a preamble and resolu-
tion adopted at a meeting of the Machinists'
and Blacksmiths' Union, No. 5, of Evansville,
Indiana, in favor of the passage of the bill to
create a commission on labor; which was
referred to the Committee on Education and
Labor.
Mr. PRATT presented the petition of George
Jenkins, of Washington, District of Columbia,
praying to be allowed a pension; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine, presented the
petition of Simeon Savage, praying for au
extension of his patent for machinery for
printing oil-cloths; which was referred to
the Committee on Patents.
He also presented the petition of Simeon
Drake, praying that publishers of and dealers
in newspapers and periodicals be allowed to
receive packages of four ounces on the same
terms as regular subscribers -, which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a petition of cit-
izens of Arkansas, praying the establishment
of a mail route between Clarksville and Reveille
in that State ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
papers withdrawn and referred.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered,, That the memorial and proofs of Phoebe
Hepburn, relating to theloss of certain bonnty-land
warrants, be taken from the flies of the Senate and
referred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the memorial, proofs, and papers
of William Hany Otis, relating to his claim for dam-
ages and for injuries done his land adjoining Indian-
apolis, be taken from the files of the Senate and
roforred to the Committee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and other papers of
William H.Colledge, praying compensation foreler-
lcal services rendered the Government, be taken
from the files of the Senate and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
On motion of Mr. PRATT, it was
Ordered, That the memorial and proofsof Minorva
Lewis, praying for compensation i'or the value of a
steamboat appropriated by the naval and military
authorities of the United States, be taken from the
files of the Senate and referred to the Committee on
Claims.
On motion of Mr." WINDOM, it was
Ordered, That the papers and files in tho claim of
