2826
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
chairman of the Ways and Means, said the
additional duties were fixed as nearly as pos-
sible at the same rates levied under the inter-
nal revenue upon domestic goods of like char-
acter. Mr. Shellabarger, then as now a
member of the House, asked distinctly whether
there was any increase of duty save and except
the compensating duty, made necessary by the
internal tax, when Mr. Morrill, in behalf of
the committee, replied there was no increase
except for that purpose, and some revenue
duties upon articles not produced in this coun-
try. The bill was supported throughout and
finally passed upon the idea of a compen-
satory duty for the tax placed upon the home
manufacturers.
In 1864 the internal tax upon manufactures
was increased, and at the same time another
tariff bill was reported to the House by Mr.
Morrill increasing the duties upon all im-
ported articles, the reason given being again
that the home manufacturer should be com-
pensated for the increased internal tax. In
speaking of iron iu particular, Mr. Morrill
said :
"In adjusting tho tariff on iron the principle has
been to give an increaso upon tho tariff of 1861 equal
to tho intornal dutioa."
In the course of his speech he repeatedly
spoke of the bill as a "temporary measure,"
as a "war measure," and as "a measure im-
posed by the scarcity of laborers and the
enormous direct taxation." He said:
" When we imposo a tax of five per cent, upon our
manufactures and increase the tariff to the same
extent upon foreign manufactures, we leavo them
upon the sarno relative footing they were at the
start, and neither has cause of complaint."
Again, when the bill came to the Senate,
Mr. Fessenden said :
"Tho policy of the couutry, I take it, is to get
money to support tho Govornmont principally from
internal taxation, and to an exceedingly large degree
irora manufactures. If you propose to got money
iroiu tliom, you must enable thorn to pay it, beoauso
if you legislate so as to break down manufactures,
or to check their prosperity, that sourer, ofrevenuo,
whioli is tho groat source, is dried up. nnd you fail
in that most important particular. The tariff is
adjusted, and was adjusted before, upon that simplo
principle with reference to tho intornal rovenue tax-
ation. "
Thus it will be seen that this theory of com
pensation for internal taxes ran all through
the debates, and was the constant pretext for
raising the duties on foreign importations.
Xhe next year the internal revenue was again
raised, and was placed at so high a figure that
the tax upon domestic manufactures (not in-
cluding spirits and tobacco) yielded upward
of one hundred and twenty-five million dol-
lars in a single year. The cotton-mills paid
$11,000,000 factory tax that year; the woolen
mills paid $9,000,000, and the iron industry
over twelve millions. Besides these direct
factory taxes there was the income tax, which
was then very high, and various other internal
taxes indirectly affecting cost of production.
Now, we all know that these internal factory
taxes have all been swept away, not a vestige
of them remains, and these millions now re-
main in the coffers of the factory owners while
the duties upon imports which were increased
as an indemnity and compensation for these
very taxes still remain as they were. For a
period of about five years these gentlemen
have been enjoying the compensation ^without
rendering the quid pro quo. It is an old say-
ing that when the reason of a law has ceased,
the law should cease. Now here the pro-
fessed and pledged reason has entirely ceased,
and our laws should be modified accordingly
I appeal to the candid protectionist himself,
and ask him whether there is not a proper
margin over and above protection, a margin
within which we may reduce without trench-
ing in the least upon the theoretical question
of protoction itself? Whether there is any-
thing unfair in reducing duties laid not for
protection's sake, but as an equivalent for
burden which have been done away with? It
Beems to me that the honest protectionist him-
self cannot deny the justice of this proposition
without taking another step and becoming the
avowed champion of bounty and monopoly.
When these duties were raised to their present
figure you promised the people that they
should be' temporary, you said they should
stand and fall with the internal revenue. Now
that the latter has fallen, will you keep the
pledge? You went,up with every rise of inter-
nal taxes as faithfully as the mercury responds
to the condition of the atmosphere, but now
that the internal revenue has nearly got to
zero your tariff is still at the boiling point.
I know it is difficult to persuade any class
of men to surrender pecuniary advantages
which circumstances have once thrown into
their hands; they hold on to them with des-
perate tenacity after the real excuse or reason
has passed away. New reasons and plausible
theories are made up as substitutes for the
old ones. What was once claimed and obtained
asa compensation for internal war taxes simply
is now insisted upon with a bold face as a
necessary permanent protection to home man-
ufacturers.
And yet who does not know that the cost of
production in the United States is much less
to-day than it was during the war, when aside
from the internal taxes, labor was scarce, the
national currency was depressed, and a hun-
dred causes combined to make production ab-
normally dear ? And who does not know upon
the other hand that the cost of production in
Europe has been rising while ours has been
falling, that it is constantly rising at the pres-
ent time, especially in England, owing to the
general and rapid rise in wages and the scar-
city of raw material ? Why, sir, there never
was a more fit and opportune moment for
reducing duties and relieving the people from
the burdens of the tariff without harming our
own industries than the present.
Nearly all the products of European facto-
ries have gone up in price, the American man-
ufacturer following close upon the heel of the
European in the schedule of prices, gettmgall
the benefits of this rise in values without the
corresponding cost, so that the margin of his
protection is constantly widening, the Ameri-
can people paying the increased cost. Any
attentive reader of cotnmeicial newspapers
must have observed with some astonishment
of late how completely prices are under the
control of manufacturers in this country under
tne present tariff, and how completely they
make use ot it when the opportunity occurs.
I have seen a number of edicts published
by manufacturers' associations of late arbitra-
rily advancing prices here to correspond with
the rise in Europe. Now, when we ought to
derive some of the long-promised benefits
of protection ; now, when the theory of cheap-
ness as the ultimate result of protection
should develop itself, if it ever will; now,
when the American people should receive
some return for the bounties which for many
long years they have lavished upon American
manufacturers, we find them coolly going up
with European prices and taxing us with
increased profits which the present tariff
enables them to do. In other words, when
Eniopean prices are low, we are indignant
and must have an American system and Amer-
ican prices, and so we add a duty to make them
higher. When European prices are high, we
say nothing and quietly add the duty anyhow.
Fray where does the consumer come in? I
fear his position is very much like that of the
Indian in the story we sometimes hear from
the stump of the Indian and the white man who
shot a turkey and a buzzard in partnership
and when they came to divide, the buzzard
always fell to the lot of the Indian.
Pig iron in Great Britain has gone up about
nfty per cent, withma year, owing to scarcity
ot ore and coal, and on account of high wages •
the American furnace-men have advanced in
proportion, while the cost of production here
has, if anything, decreased. American pig
iron which was sold at a handsome profit for
thirty-three dollars some time ago is now sell-
in" for fifty-one. Wool and woolens have gone
up ; glass has gone up, indeed, nearly every-
thing that is imported from Europe has been
on the rise, and the margin of profits to the
American manufacturer likewise.^ Now, it
seems to me, if ever^ this is the time for re-
duction. The manufacturer can stand it, the
revenue can afford it, we have a yearly surplus
, to reduce on. When are we ever to reduce
> this tariff if we do not do it now?
There is another line of thought which 1
wish to suggest to the House as a reason why
our present rates of tariff duties should be mod-
ified. These war duties never being intended
for times of peace, are beginning to embarrass
and cripple various important industries of
this country to such an extent as to materially
retard its progress. The condition of Amer-
ican shipping is a familiar and lamentable
instance of this kind; but there are hundreds
of others suffering from the same cause, and
I was astonished to find during our protracted
hearings on the Committee of Ways and Means
how many industries have actually been driven
across our northern border into the Dominion
of Canada, and how our present tariff often
serves to encourage Canadian enterprise and
Canadian labor at the expense of our own.
Thus it appeared in testimony before the
committee that, the duty on hides and other
material used in tanning had caused Ameri-
can tanners to move into Canada with their
capital, tools, and machinery, thence carry-
ing on an extensive export trade to South
America and Europe, which our tariff had
made impossible in this country. American
lumber dealers told us that for the purpose
of export they had been compelled to estab-
lish their houses in Canada. It further ap-
peared that the salt duty had destroyed much
of our export trade of home produce to the
West Indies, and transferred it to Canada.
During the fiscal year of 1870 nine million
pounds of raw tobacco were sent from the
United States into Canada, to be worked up
into plugs there for export, on account ot"
our high duty on licorice.
When an American ship must be recoppered
she straightway sails to St. John and employs
Canadian labor and Canadian material to do
it there. No wonder that the provinces are
entering on a new era of prosperity. These
things show how a tariff, when it goes beyond
a certain point, cuts both ways. Indeed, this
is much more apparent when we consider the
fact that all the protected industries of the
country put, together produce only about ten
per cent, of the total production of the coun-
try, and that while we benefit ren per cent, of
our industry, we do it, at, the expense of ninety
per cent. ; and, furthermore, that all articles
suitable for export from this country can in
the very nature of things receive no benefit
from protection, while upon the other hand
those exports are made dearer by reason of
the tariff, and are thus wholly or partially de-
prived of their salable quality in foreign
countries. Thus we have lost our export trade
in boots and shoes, in ready-made clothing,
wagons, saddlery, &c.3 and for the last ten
years we have the strange spectacle of a great
nation, constantly increasing in numbers and
productive capacity, decreasing in its export
ot manufactured articles.
_ Now, as to the biil. The aggregate nom-
inal reduction is small, and I hope the House
will increase jt to the amount of at least
$10,000,000, which may be done without in-
terfering with the needful revenue of the
country. It will be observed, however, that
the reductions which are made in the bill-
arei upon the great staples of consumption,
and this I claim as one of its chief merits,
and that the relief to the people will be felt
Qn the whole consumption of those articles,
