1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3723
I do not wish to let his remarks pass without
some observations of them.
In the first place I confess myself unable to
see in what way a sensible construction can
be given to the rule, provided it is restricted
to Tuesday. The rule in terms is that the
bill shall be disposed of on Tuesday before
adjournment. Now the construction which
the Senator from lihode Island supports, as
well as the Senator from Maine, is that the
word " Tuesday " there means the natural day
ending at twelve o'clock. How are you to
dispose of a bill before twelve o'clock on any
day? Whenever we have made agreements
heretofore for disposing of a bill, the agree-
ment has always been that we would begin to
take the vote at an hour fixed. That is prac-
ticable : but I respectfully submit it is wholly
impracticable to say that you will dispose of a
bill before a certain hour on a day. You can-
not do it. A hundred things may arise, ia the
shape of amendments, for instance, or ques-
tions as to the vote even, how it shall be taken,
whether it is well recorded, and so on. All of
which have the effect of making it perfectly
impossible so to construe this rule as to say
that the meaning of it, natural or parliament-
ary, is that the bill should have been disposed
of before twelve o'clock of yesterday. I am
speaking now of the. natural day.
Now, let me say one word as to the question
of my remarks on the course of the Senator
from New York. Mr. Piesident, I did not
hear the commencement of the cqntroversy.
When I came into the Chamber after an ab-
sence I found high words, to say the least,
going on between the Senator from New York
and the Senator from Ohio. Each of these
Senators is so entirely able to take care of
himself in any controversy confined to them
that I never should have said a word had the
controversy been so confined. But it is im-
possible, 1 think, for my friend from lihode
island or for any other Senator who observed
as carefully as I did the course of that con-
troversy and the range which it took, to mis
understand the general tenor and the sweep
of the remarks of the Senator from New York.
I listened with great attention because I lis-
tened with much surprise to that Senator, and
I cannot be mistaken in saying (and 1 believe
in what I am saying I speak the unanimous
judgment of all my associates on this side)
that throughout, at least after a very early
period of the contest between him and the
Senator from Ohio, the remarks of the Sena-
tor from New York took us all in. Why, sir,
over and over again he declared he would
enter into no more engagements; that if this
engagement was to be violated as it had been
he would enter into no more. Without specify-
ing the exact language, I understood it, and I
thought every gentleman here on the right aud
left of me understood liiin, as casting upon us
of the minority who are opposed to him upon
this bill a very marked and unmistakable and
exceed ingly un pleasant i m putation of the viola-
tion of faitti in the transaction.
I regret to have had to say so much more.
I should not have done so but for the remarks
of the Senator from lthode Island. lie, as I
said, is so acknowledged-an authority upon all
matters of propriety and conduct and order
in this body that I was not willing to let his
remarks, gentle and kindly though they were,
pass without some observation.
Mr. CONKLING. The honorable Senator
from California is such an example to the rest of
us ; he is so absolutely winning, not to say cap-
tivating, in all his ways ; he is gifted with such a
singular felicity to divine always exactly when
and how it wilt be most convenient and agree-
able to the Senate for him to present himself,
that I can hope only to follow with unequal
footsteps and at a far distance in the track of
improvement which that Senator marks out
to me.
He says, Mr. President, that I am disagree-
able to him. Well, now, I would that I could
render myself as fascinating to the Senator
from California as he not only frequently but
habitually renders himself to all his brother
Senators. But I must sit down, Mr. President,
under the decree of fate fixing upon me the
indubitable misfortune of never being able to
imitate that Senator in those winning and cap-
tivating graces and characteristics which en-
able him always to avoid everything that could
mak« him disagreeable, or tiresome, or incon-
venient, or tedious, even on rare occasions, to
the Senate.
I wish, Mr. President, to say one word
about what I find now—it is really a discovery
to me—is the point of offense taken by the
Senator from Ohio. He, like the Senator
from California, came in belated. It was one
of the rare occasions with him, still rarer, I
judge,with the Senator from California, when
he was too late, to comprehend the whole, in
all its length and breadth and height and
depth and continuance, of the subject before
the Senate; but he did come in a little belated,
and he came in while I was in the act of say-
ing to the Senator from Maryland that it had
been agreed that this vote should be taken on
Tuesday. Not interrupting me in the ordinary
way, not rising in his place, not indicating to
me in any manner the point of dissent, the
Senator from Ohio in his S3at, and in a tone
more abrupt, perhaps, than he was conscious
of, said "no" when I said that it had been
agreed that we should vote on Tuesday.
Although I did not take offense at that, 1
restated with such precision as I might that it
was agreed to, and I appealed to the Journal
to show that it was agreed that the bill should
be taken up on Monday and should be finished
before we adjourned on Tuesday.
Now, it seems that the Senator from Ohio
understood me to say that the minority had
proposed this agreement. The Senate will
see that it is wholly unimportant who proposed
it so that both sides agreed to it. 1 did not
intend to convey the idea that the minoiity
proposed this. I knew that they did not,
because the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] who drew it, after showing it to the
Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Stevenson,]
came to me saying that the Senator from Ken-
tucky would agree to it, and he asked me and
other Senators whether we would agree to it
Therefore I knew precisely the origin of the
agreement, and I repeat it was entirely unim-
portant whether it originated with the Senator
from Kentucky or with the Senator from Ohio,
because we all agreed to it and all became bound
by it. So that we see, Mr. President, as persons
of reason often do who are drawn into a little
excitement at the moment, how very unneces-
sary all this has been. I had a good-natured
colloquy with my friend from Maryland, with
whom I have never had any other during
the time I have had the pleasure of his ac-
quaintance; and those two Senators who were
not here came in in the mean time, and in a way
that I think is rather imaginative, borrowed
some offense out of the occasion. I regret
that, Mr. President, and without continuing
this at all, I drop it precisely where it is.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not wish to prolong
this. Certainly if the Senator from New Yoik
intended to convey no imputation on the Sen-
ators on this side of the Chamber, no one
would be more ready or more happy than I to
accept that statement on his part. My rela-
tions with him have always been of the most
pleasant character, and I should regret any-
thing that would mar them. I certainly did
understand him as imputing to us a want of
good (aith, and that is a thing that I am sure no
Senator would have resented more quickly
than he if it had been imputed to him.
Mr. CONKLING. No; if the Senator will
pardon me just one moment there. On the
contrary, and again, I should have been quite
as likely to resent it, but that Senator's sitting
in his seat when I made an undoubted state-
ment which has since been read from the Jour-
nal, and without any explanation at all con-
tradicting me, I submit to the honorable Sen-
ator was quite unusual. Senators do not sit
in their seats, even if in truth the Senator on
the floor is in error, and without explanation
at all ejaculate an abrupt contradiction ol'what
he is saying. Therefore, while I shall be quite
ready to make any amende when one should
be made, I beg the honorable Senator to un«
derstand that I am by no means content to
admit that I am in fault. On the contrary, I
understand, as I have stated, that 1 had a col-
loquy with the Senator from Maryland into
which the Senator from Ohio injected a con-
tradiction, the reason of which I did not see
then, and I have failed yet to discover adequate
cause for it.
Mr. THCJRMAN. As I understand the
Senator from New York, and as I think the
report will show, he s'ated that the minority
bad asked that this deba'e should commence
on Monday and close on Tuesday, to which I
said "no," and I was about to rise in my place
to state my view on that subject when be
turned upon me in a way that 1 thought was
offensive, and he proceeded in remarks that
seemed to impute to us a want of good faith,
I do not, however, see fit to prolong ihat. Let
the report speak for itself. And nuw to show
what we understood on this subject I read from
the report of Friday's dtbate in Saturday's
Globe :
" Mr. Blair. A proposition has been mnde that
this bill be deferred until Monday, and tliun dis-
cussed, and that we close the debate ui two dajs. I
have no idea that the debate will go beyond that;
but I should not like to agree absolutely to it with-
out having heard what the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania has to say. X am satisfied uivoelf that that
will bo sufficient time tor debate. I know for my
own part that I shall not desire to prolong the
debate.
" The Vice President. The Senator from Ohio did
not fix the hour on Tuesday at which ha proposed
the vote should be taken."
I ought to have said that my colleague had
before that made this suggestion :
" Mr. Sherman. Perhaps the Senator from Penn-
sylvania wilt allow me to make a suggestion. If
this bill were taken up on Monday, perhaps the
minority of the Senate would agree tliat it should be
closed on Tuesday night, allowing two days' full
debate."
It was in reference to that that the Vice
President made this remark :
"The Senator from Ohio did not fix the hour on
Tuesday at which he proposed the vote should be
taken.
" Mr. Sherman. No; I want to givo the broadest
latirude for two d-iys.
"Mr. Scott. I will mnke another proposition to
the Senator from Missouri. X wiliconsent to resume
the floor and finish my speech on the bill"—
That was on Friday—
"and then the rest of this day may be taken up
with other business, and let us resume the consid-
eration of the bill to-morrow and conclude it on
Monday evening.
"Mr. 1'iior.man. The Senator will allow me, be
is so very kind, to make a suggestion about this
matter. The Senator from Indiana s.iys it is :lshort
bill. Yes, sir; but a great deal can bo put in a few
words. It extends a bill that is not a very short Dill,
It is obvious we cannot toll until we hear what
course the debato shall take, and until we hear the
speech especiallyof the Senator lrom Pennsylvania,
what time it will be reasonable lor us to discuss this
hill. I am sure there is no disposition to waste time.
I think the minority on this iloorare as anxious to
adjourn as the m ijority : and so far as this particu-
lar bill is concerned, I do not know now that I shall
have one word to say upon it. X spoke enough upon
the original bill. I muyhave incidentally to speak,
but not long. I do not think there will be a very
prolonged debate. I cannot tell, however.
" I would be willing to agree totbi.-.: if the Senate
would take up the bill on Monday morning, allow-
ing us to have two days of this week to transact
business "—
That would be last Friday and Saturday—
"I would consent to sit the bill out on Wednesday,
not to fix an hour to vote, but to sit the bill out.
Perhaps we may do it sooner, aud let it be sooner if
we o m; but I will agree to sit the bill out, for one,
on "Wednesday.
"Mr. Edmunds. Say Tuesday.
"Mr. Thurman. I do not like to say Tuesday
now. I would not like to make a bargain now iu
advance for Tuesday, but I am ready to say now that
X will be willing to sit the bill out on Wednesday.
If we can come to it on Tuesday, well and good. It'
the proposition is agreeable to the Senate, I would
be glad to let us have those two days."
