140
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
Mr. COX. Why did not the gentleman
make his point of order on his friend from
Ohio, who is a friend of the bill?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am doing it now
upon one of my best friends. [Laughter.]
Mr. COX. Thank you. I will sit down
after that. [Laughter.]
The CHAIRMAN. The point of order is
well taken.
Mr. COX. Then I move to strike out Mr.
Bingham's speech. [Laughter.]
Mr. BINGHAM. Not quite.
The question then recurred on the amend-
ment of Mr. Botler, of Massachusetts, as
amended.
Mr. KING. I wish to submit a substitute
for the amendment.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair cannot en-
tertain further amendments in the way of sub-
stitutes.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 23, noes 92.
Mr. MAYNARD. I demand tellers.
Tellers were not ordered. So the amend-
ment as amended was rejected.
The CHAIRMAN. The question next
recurs on the following substitute of Mr.
Mercur, as amended.
The Clerk read as follows:
That from and after the 3d day of March, 1873, the
House of Representatives shall be composed of two
hundred and eighty-one members, to be apportioned
among the several States in accordance with the pro-
visions of this act, that is to say, within the State
of Maine, five; within the State of New Hampshire,
two; within the State of Vermont, two; within the
State of Massachusetts, eleven; within the State of
Rhode Island, two; within the State of Connecticut,
four; within the State of New Tork, thirty-two;
within the State of New Jersey, seven; within the
State of Pennsylvania, twenty-six; within the State
of-Delaware, one; within the State of Maryland,
sis; within the State of Virginia, nine; within the
State of North Carolina, eight; within the State of
South Carolina, five; within the State of Georgia,
nine: within the State of Alabama, seven; within
the State of Mississippi, six; within the State of
Louisiana, five; within the State of Ohio, nineteen;
within the State of Kentucky, ten; ivithin the State
of Tennessee, nine; within the State of Indiana,
twelve; within the Stateof Illinois, nineteen; within
the State of Missouri, twelve; within the Stateof
Arkansas, four; within tho State of Michigan, nine;
within the State of Florida, one; within the State of
Texas, six; within the State of Iowa, nine; within
the State of Wisconsin, eight; witliin the State of
California,, four; within the State of Minnesota,
three; within the Stateof Oregon, one; within the
State of Kansas, three; within the State of West
Virginia, three; within tho State of Nevada, one;
within the Stateof Nebraska, one: Provided, That
if, after such apportionment shall have been made,
any new State shall ho admitted into the Union, the
Representative or Representatives of such now State
shall be additional to tho number of two hundred
and cightv herein limited.
Sec. 2. That in each State entitled under this law
to more than ono Representative, the number to
which said State maybe entitled in the Forty-Third
and each subsequent Congress shall be elected by
districts composed of contiguous territory equal in
number to the number of Representatives to which
said States may he entitled in Congress, no one dis-
txict electing more than ono Representative: Pro-
vided, That in the election of Representatives to the
Forty-Third Congress in any State which by this law
is given an increased number of Representatives
the additional Representative or Representatives
allowed to such State may be elected by the State at
large, and the other Representatives to which the
State is_ entitled, by the districts as now prescribed
by law in said State, unless the Legislature of said
State shall otherwise provide before tho time fixed
by law for the election of Representatives therein.
Mr._ BRIGHT. I move thefollowingamend-
ment in the way of a substitute for that amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows;
That from and after the 3d day of March, 1873, the
House ol Representatives shall be composed of two
hundred and forty-three members, to be appor-
tioned among the several States in tho manner
directed in the next section oi this act.
Sec. 2. That from the ninth census returns, now in
the Department of the Secretary of the Interior, and
at each subsequent enumeration of the inhabitants
of the several States, directed by the Constitution
of tho United States to bo taken,shall be completed
and returned to the Department of tho Interior, it
shall be the duty of the Secretary of the Interior to
ascertain the aggregate representative population of
the United States "counting the whole number of
persons in oaeh State, excluding Indians not taxed,"
and "when the right to vote at any election for Pres-
ident and Vice President of the United States. Rep-
resentatives in Congress, the executive and judicial
officers of a State, or the members of tho Legisla-
ture thereof, is denied to any of the male inhabit-
ants of snoh State, being twenty-one years of age
and citizens of the United States, or in any way
abridged, except for participation in rebellion or
other crim.e, the basis of representation therein shall
be reduced in the proportion which the number of
suoh male citizens shall bear to the whole number of
male citizens twenty-one years of age in such State,"
which aggregate population shall be divided by the
number 213, and the product for such division, re-
jecting any fraction of an unit, if any such happen
to remain, shall be the ratio or rule of apportion-
ment of Representatives among the several States
under such enumeration; and the said Secretary of
the Department of the Interior shall then proceed
in the same manner to ascertain the representative
population of each State, and to divide the whole
number of tho representative population of such
State by the ratio already determined by him as
above directed; and the product of this last division
shall be the number of Representatives apportioned
to such State under the then last enumeration : Pro-
vided, That the loss in the number of members,
caused by the fractions remaining in the several
States on the division of the population thereof,
shall be compensated for by assigning to so many of
the States having the largest fractions, one addi-
tional member each for its fraction as may be neces-
sary to make the whole number of Representatives
two hundred and forty-three: And provided also,
Thatif, before the apportionment of the Represent-
atives, under the next or any subsequent census, a
new State or States shall be admitted into the Union,
tho Representative or Representatives assigned to
such new State or State3 shall be in addition to tho
number of Representatives herein above limited,
which excess of Representatives over two hundred
and forty-three shall only continue until the next
succeeding apportionment of Representatives under
the nextsucceeding census: And provided also. That
"each State shall have at least one Representative."
Sec. 3. That when the Department of the Interior
shall have apportioned the Representatives, in the
manner above directed, among the several States, or
any subsequent enumeration of the inhabitants of
the United States, he shall, as soon as practicable,
make out and transmitunderhis seal of office to the
House of Representatives a certificate of the num-
ber of members apportioned to each State under the
last enumeration; and shall likewise mako out and
transmit, without delay, to the Executive of each
State, a certificate, under his seal of office, of the
number of members apportioned to such State under
such last enumeration.
Sec. 4. All laws and parts of laws inconsistent with
the foregoing are hereby repealed.
Mr. BRIGHT. Mr. Chairman, within the
short time allotted I should be unable to enter
into a discussion of the merits of that amend-
ment Indeed, I presume it would not be
necessary for me so to do, for the House will
perceive the amendment is framed upon the
law of 1850, so as to accommodate it to the
altered condition of our representative popu-
lation. The committee will perceive that the
bill first fixes the number of Representatives;
secondly, it is declaratory, declaring the repre-
sentative population of the States under the
Constitution; and thirdly, it is directory to the
Secretary of the Interior to make the appor-
tionment, which is arithmetical as well as
judicial to a certain extent. So I might re-
mark further, it not only covers the emergency
of the present, but provides for the future ; so
it will be enabling and directory to the Secre-
tary of the Interior to make out any future
apportionment.
It may be objected, Mr. Chairman, that this
refers a judicial_matter to the Secretary of the
Interior. It is'no more than what has been
already done by the law of the land.
I would say, furthermore, Mr. Chairman,
that, owing to the peculiar organization of our
laws, it is necessary a certain portion of judi-
cial power should be intrusted to the Secre-
tary of the Interioror some other person. It
has been a matter of necessity to adjudge to us
the slave population heretofore. It has been
a matter of necessity to adjudge who were the
freedmen heretofore. It has been a matter of
necessity to adjudge who were Indians not
taxed. So, Mr. Chairman, the committee will
perceive that this bill proposes simply to ac-
commodate itself to the existing requirements
of the Constitution of the United States. I
might remark, furthermore, in relation to the
fourteenth amendment, that it makes a provis-
ion to enforce that so far as the representa-
tive population and the excluded classes under
the fourteenth amendment are concerned. I
know that it has been intimated here that the
fractions are so diminutive that the maxim,
" de minimis lex non curat," applies to it.
But I do not understand that this House has
any right to temporize with the constitutional
question. All we have to do is to see that
the Constitution be faithfully executed ; and
in the bill I have offered it will be seen that
there is a provision for the enforcement of the
Constitution ; nothing more, nothing less; and
leaving consequences to take care of them-
selves. If any State, by constitution or by
law, has infringed the fourteenth amendment
of the Constitution of the United States, why,
as a matter of course, it has done so at its own
peril. It is a denial of a right to its own citi-
zens, and, as a matter of course, it must be
responsible for the denial or abridgment of
the rights of any of its citizens. As to the
number of Representatives, I call attention to
the comments of Justice Story in the follow-
ing sections in his valuable work on the Con-
stitution:
"Sec. 651. Neither is there anygroundto assert that
tho ratio between tho Representatives and the peo-
ple ought, upon principle, to bo the same whether
the latter be numerous or few." * * * *
" Nothing can be moro fallacious than to found polit-
ical calculations on arithmetical principles. Sixty
or seventy men may be more properly trusted with
a given degree of power than six or seven. But it
does not follow that six or seven hundred would be
proportionably a better depositary ; and if the sup-
position is carried on to six or seven thousand, the
whole reasoning ought to be reversed. The truth is,
that in all cases a certain number seems necessary
to secure the benefits of free consultation and dis-
cussion, to guard against too easy a combination
for improper purposes, and to prevent hasty and
ill-advised legislation. On the one hand the num-
ber ought to be kent within a moderate limit, in
order to avoid tho confusion, intemperance, and in-
convenience of a multitude. It was a famous say-
ing of Cardinal De Retz, that every public assembly
consisting of more than one hundred members was
a mere mob. But surely this is just as incorrect as
it would be to aver that every one which consisted
of ten members would he wise.
"Sec. 652. The question then is, and must forever
be in every nation, a mixed question of sound
policy and diccretion, with reference to its size, its
population, its institutions, its local and physical
condition, and all the other circumstances affecting
its own interests and convenience.
"Sec. 653. The suggestion is often made that a
numerous representation is necessary to obtain the
confidence of the people. This is not generally
true. Public confidence will be easily gained by a
good administration; and it will be secured by no
other."
The CHAIRMAN. The question is on the
amendment of the gentleman from Tennessee,
[Mr. Bright,] which is in the nature of an
amendment to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. MerCcr.]
Mr. MERCUR rose.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Let us have a vote
on this.
Mr. MERCUR. I hope this amendment
will not be adopted. I am glad, however,
that an amendment has been presented rais-
ing the question as to the proper number of
members of which this House should be com-
posed. It proposes to have it consist of two
hundred and forty-three members; but no
tabular statement is presented showing pre-
cisely what fractional number would be rep-
resented or fail to be lepresented under such
apportionment.
The statement which was laid on our table,
coming from the Census Bureau, does make a
calculation on the supposition that the House
shail consist of two hundred and forty-one
members, and the number of large fr.ictiotih
which would be entirely unrepresented shows
the unreasonableness of the House being com-
posed of any such number. It proposes that
the ratio shall be 158,146, if the House shall
cotisistof two hundred and forty-one member::.
Increasing the number by two, and making it
two hundred and forty-three, would lessen the
ratio somewhat, but not materially. Now, this
tabular statement shows that several States
would have very large fractions entirely unrep-
resented; that Connecticut would have 03.OX!
unrepresented; that Georgia would have 77,087
unrepresented; that Iowa would have 8-1.770
unrepresented ; Kentucky, 55,843 : Miehi
gan, 77.037; Rhode Island, 59.207, and South
Carolina, 73.022, Thus, whenever ati attempt
