3724
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Hay 21,
That was Friday and Saturday, last week.
" Mr. Scott. As the amount of time involved in
this proposition seems to me so nearly the same, com-
mencing on Monday and closing on Wednesday, or
commencing to-day, resuming other business at the
close of my speech, and closing on Monday evening,
the only point to be considered is whether it is bet-
ter to consider this bill sooner or defer its consider-
ation for several days. I agree with the Senator
from Indiana that what we do ought to be done soon
so that the House of Representatives may have time
to act.
"Mr. Thurmax. Oh 1 thoy act under the previous
question.
"Mr. Scott. They may not act at all."
Then there were some remarks made by the
Senator from New York, and then the Vice
President:
"TheVicu President. The Senator from Cali-
fornia suggests that this bill be taken up by unan-
imous consent at twelve o'clock to-morrow"—
That would have been Saturday—
" that whatever the unfinished business may then
be shall bo laid on the table, and the Senate proceed
with its consideration and continue until Tuesday
evening, and that the Senate agree on Tuesday night
to sit the bill out and finish it. Is there objection?
" Mr. Stevenson. I object.
" Mr. Scott. It seems we can make no arrange-
ment.
"Mr. Stevenson. A bill of this importance ought
not to be disposed of in this way."
That was all that was then said. It appears
that afterward, and after 1 had left the Senate,
my colleague made a proposition and circu-
lated it in writing, which finally became the
order that was made. I certainly understood,
and I think that is the plain import of the
order, too, that we were to sit the bill out Tues-
day night as distinguished from fixing an hour
on which to vote, and I think that is the only
interpretation the order will properly bear, for
what is it that we are to vote on before ad-
journment on Tuesday? You had to mention
Tuesday, otherwise there would be no day
mentioned; and when you say before adjourn-
ment oil Tuesday instead of at such an hour
on Tuesday, you necessarily imply that we are
to sit until the legislative day Tuesday is fin-
ished. That is the meaning of it. When yon
undertake to sit a bill out, then you sit it out
until the next legislative day occurs, and it is
not correct, to sav you can sit for three weeks
and call it that day. When the next legisla-
tive day comes, eleven o'clock to-morrow, you
have to stop. There ib no doubt about that.
That is certainly the distinction to be made
between sitting the bill out and fixing a par-
ticular hour. When you undertake to vote on
a bill before adjournment on a particular day
that is simply an agreement, to sit the bill out
on that day. 'That is what 1 understood
Mr. HAMILTON, of Maryland. I regret
exceedingly that I have been the innocent
cause of this difficulty. Iff had been allowed
to proceed I not only would have been done
long ago, but, as a friend suggests, I would
not have spoken at all. [Laught er.] I should
not have said a, word if there had been any
intimation that we were to close the debate at
twelve o'clock. I want the honorable Senator
from New York to bear in mind that I was not
present when this arrangement was made.
When twelve o'clock came it was my belief
that we were to continue the subject until the
adjournment, unless a vote should be reached
before adjournment. I am always willing to
abide by any arrangement of the Senate, and
I felt, in common with other gentlemen here,
that when reference was made to a violation
of an agreement I was to some extent im-
plicated.
If the construction of the agreement of the
Senate was what the Senator from New York
has stated, I should not proceed with my re-
marks, but there may be an honest difference
of opinion in regard to the order, and having
begun my remarks I do not, feel myself jus-
tified in stopping where this discussion began.
If anything had been said on this matter prior
to my obtaining the floor, I should have yielded
with great pleasure, but having heard the order
read, and having heard the explanations which
have been made, I think it proper that I should
proceed, with the indulgence of the Senate.
Mr. President, when the original bill was
passed, to which this now under discussion is
an amendment, I did not say anything, and I
thought, under the circumstances in which we
are now placed, I was justified in saying a few
words on this occasion, and I should have
been through long ago, and you might have
adjourned ere this, but for this side discussion,
unless other gentlemen desire to debate the
bill.
I have almost forgotten where I was when
the Senator from New York rose to interrupt
me. [Laughter.] I remember now, however,
that I was speaking about the discretion of the
President and the powers which this bill pro-
poses to vest in him.
The bill proposes to invest in the President
the discretion to determine what facts consti-
tute a rebellion, and next to determine whether
the public safety requires the suspension of
the writ. I appeal to Senators, is that a
legislative or an executive discretion or de-
termination ? It must necessarily be a legis-
lative one. Now, what does the bill propose?
It proposes to allow the President to determine
when the public safety requires the suspension
of the writ of habeas corpus, and accordingly
as he shall determine, suspend it or not. He
is to be the sole judge of this oue fact.
The Constitution reads:
" The privilege of the writ of habeas corpus shall
not be suspended, unless when in cases of rebellion
or invasion the public safety may require."
The bill authorizes him to suspend the writ
when he shall deem that the public safety re-
quires it. Can it be possible that any other
interpretation can be put upon this clause of
the Constitution but that the legislative de-
partment of the Government alone can adjudge
when the public safety requires the suspension
of the writ ?
Notwithstanding the honorable Senator
from Wisconsin maintains with his usual
ability that you can confer on the President
this power as this bill proposes to do, I
think the clause is so clear and explicit in
its terms that there can be no delegation of
such authority to the Executive.
Again, the honorable Senator from Wiscon-
sin referred to the act of 1795 to show that
certain provisions of the Constitution were
provided for in that act, for their execution,
such as the provision to call out the militia
for suppression of insurrection, &e.; such as
protection against domestic violence when
called on by the Executive of a State. That
act if possible proves the reverse of what is
maintained, and shows that the framers of the
Constitution never contemplated the neces-
, sity of providing by law for the execution
of this clause in the Constitution; otherwise
they would have incorporated something of
the kind in this very act of 1795.
In respect to these particular clauses, they
were providing for the suppression of all kinds
of violence, both domestic in the State, and
thai occasioned by insurrection or invasion;
they were providing for carrying out these two
piovisions in the Constitution; and the fact
that they did not incorpoiate in the act of 1795
any provision to authorize the Executive to
carry into execution this article of the Constitu-
tion referring to the suspension of the habeas
coipus shows that they never dreamed that
the Executive was ever to be clothed with this
great power.
Mr. President, I object to this bill because
it is for the legislative depart mcnt of this Gov-
ernment to determine wheu the public safety
requires the suspension of the writ. I would
clothe no Executive with such a power. I
would not clothe the best man in Christendom
with it. I would not have clothed George
Washington with this power under any cir-
cumstance; nor was he ever clothed with it-
Much less would I undertake to clothe tho
present Executive with it, with his surround-
ings, and with the faint conception he has man-
ifested in his administration for the personal
rights of the people.
The other discretion, that is as to the facts
declared by the original act to constitute a re-
bellion, is not so material. But there is another
matter to which I do object, and that is to this
constructive rebellion. Senators know well
that in ages gone by these doctrines of con-
struction were without limitation. Construct-
ive treasons were both feared and fought by our
ancestors for centuries. They fought against
constructive treasons as those of us who are
opposing this bill are now fighting against con-
structive rebellions. We know what a rebel-
lion is by much experience ; lately by sad and
bloody experience do we know what a rebel-
lion is. Our ancestors who made the Consti-
tution knew what constituted a rebellion, for
they had just come out of one in every respect
a rebellion. They knew what the Monmouth
rebellion was ; they knew what the rebellion
of 1680 was; they lived in the midst of the
great French rebellion and were familiar with
the history of rebellions ; then they were iden-
tified with their own experience as marked
almost every page of history they read, and
therefore they wanted no critical definition of
it in the Constitution. What is it? Be and
bellare—to war again ; it is armed resistance
to that authority to which you owe allegiance.
That is what constitutes rebellion. A rebellion
is in itself as much fixed in its proportions and
known to the world as any other fact can be.
To attach to the fact that an individual is de-
prived of the privilege of voting for any cause,
or is deprived of any high right as a citizen or
as a person, or to say that a combination or
conspiracy, if you please, of two or more per-
sons for any such purposes does constitute a
rebellion is beyond my comprehension of
what a rebellion really is. We have just passed
through one mighty in all its parts, and then
to compare it, nay, even the smallest frag-
ment of it, to the rebellion that Congress would
create by the statute to which this bill is pro-
posed as an amendment, makes the contrast
so supremely ridiculous that one could hardly
suppose that the representatives of the Amer-
ican peeple could dignify such legislation with
the forms of law.
Constructive rebellion should be condemned
as constructive treasons are now. This bill
proposes to continue in force the fourth sec-
tion of the original act, and this fourth sec-
tion declares that the occurring of certain
things "shall be deemed" a rebellion, and
that thereupon, and if he considers the public
safety as requiring it, the President shall exer-
cise this power of suspension. Why, sir, if
you have a legislative power to determine what
a rebellion is, and to say that certain things
committed by individuals, or a combination
of two or more of them, shall be rebellion,
although wanting the characteristics of a re-
bellion, as by the common assent of mankind
rebellion is known, and as it was incorporated
in the Constitution, is the end of written,
defined, limited, constitutional government.
It is going back centuries, even before the
days of Edward III, when what constituted
treason depended upon the opinions of judges,
and when there was no limit to either general
or legislative power.
I listened to the very eloquent speech of my
honorable friend from Kentucky, and I heard
him rend a portion of the address of Edmund
Burke, depicting in hib own terse and eloquent
language the wrongs inflicted upon Wales.
Sir, there was a day when Britain was covered
over with constructive treasons as you now
seek to cover this country over with construc-
tive rebellions. I desire to draw the attention
of the honorable Senator to what these trea-
sons were, and to what you may expect to
come when you allow to the legislative depart-
ment of this Government the power to declare
what acts make up a rebellion.
I do not desire to detain the Senate at this
late hour of the morning, but I must have re-
