2828
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
almost unprecedented height all over the
world, and our American furnace-men are
turning pigs of iron into pigs of gold. Iron
which is manufactured at a cost of about
twenty-five dollars per ton is sold at fifty j and
even at this figure furnaces are engaged to
their fullest capacity for eight months ahead.
The situation is so well described in an article
taken from the Financial Chronicle that I will
ask the Clerk to read it.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Scarcity of Iron.—Tho condition of the iron
market at tho present time is, in many respects,
without precedent in the history of the trade. With
every furnace in blast, and importations as large as
the very limited surplus of foreign production will
§ermit, we are threatened with an iron famine.
ince January, American pig No. 1 has advanced
from $26 and $37 to $50 and $52 per ton; rails from
$70 to £>85, and bar iron from &82 50 and $87 52 to $103
, and $105. In imported iron the rise has been pro-
portionate, English rails having advanced since the
beginning of the year from $38 to $70 and $73, gold,
old rails from $39 to $52 and $53, and scrap iron from
$•12 and ^43 to $62 and $65. The reason for this is easily
found. Throughout the world, but more especially
in this country, there has been during the past few
years an enormous increase of consumption, and
the increase of production has not kept pace with
it, chiefly because the necessity for new iron was not
felt until the surplus stocks of this and other mar-
kets were exhausted. Lust year the consumption
of iron in the United Statos was about 2,600.000
tons, of which wc produced about 2,000,000 tons, and
imported the balance, beginning the current year
with no surplus, which has forced consumers to de-
pend wholly upon tho immediate product of the
furnaces. Of tho total consumption last year it is
estimated that ono half was used m railroad con-
struction and equipment. This year a largely
increased consumptive demand is anticipated.
"We havo now some 60,000 miles of railroad in
operation, to keep which m repair will requiro, in
addition to old rails rerolled, a,bout three tons to
the milo, or say 180,000 tons. Last year wo built
about 7,000 miles of new road. If wo build as much
this year we shall requiro of new rails about 88 tons
to tuo milo, or 616,000 tons. To this may be added
for bolts, spikes, joints, switches, and the liko, say 10
tons to tho mile, or 70,000 tons. Tho capacity of tho
iurnaces now in operation is 2,000,000 tons, to which
may bo added 150,000 tons as the probablo product
ot new furnaces now building. In the present con-
dition of i ho European market it is doubtful if wo
will ho «bio to import as much this year as last; but
supposing we import tho same quantity, or 600,01)0
tons, our total supply would amount to about 2,750,000
tons. Deducting from this the 966,000 tons woMml for
railroad construction, we have remaining 1,781,000
tons for ru.ilioiul cquipmont, building purposes, gas
and water-pipe, maebinorj, themanufacture ol'hnrd-
ware, bridges,ship-builduur, and tho thousand othor
uses lor which iron is employed, or Jess than one
bait the estimated requirement. It would appear,
therefore,, that there must be curtailment of con-
sumption m some direction, or an active competition
among consumers for tho limited supply. Still wo
cannot think it probablo that there will bo any
great advance ou tho very high prices now obtained,
tor prices piiy the producer so well now that they
must soon stimulate production to a point which
will moot theroquiromentsof tho trado."— Financial
tJcronuuc.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. Consumers are
scrambling for supplies which they cannot
obtain quick enough at any price, and yet gen-
tlemen insist ou keeping up an artificial bar-
rier to check and embarrass the march of
improvement and progress. Sir, 1 believe
that our tariff on iron is a superfluous bounty
this day, and if there was any security
that things would remain in the present con-
dition it might be taken off aliogether. Talk
about foreign competition! There is no com-
petition to-day in iron exceptamong thosewho
waut to buy. Yet for reasons before stated
we propose to go slow. The committee put pig
at six dollars, though I think the House
should tnake it five dollars.
_ What I have said of pig iron is relatively
true of bar iron and the advanced products of
iron, as the following extract from a commer-
cial newspaper will show:
" English Advance on Iron.—Merchant bar iron
has advanced m England from £710s. in Augustlast
to £12 10*., and manufacturers will not receive
orders even at the advance, or to contract for any
specified time, as their orders on hand are sufficient
to absorb all they can make up to July next. It is
estimated that bweden and Norway will not nro-
duce more tbnn a half supply of iron for the pres-
ent year. This condition of affairs abroad has
caused a steady advance in American iron for some
time past, which has been followed by an advance
in copper, brass, and other metals. The effect of
all this has been to advance American hardware
composed chiefly of iron from ten to twenty per
cent. Articles manufactured of steel have advanced
from five to twelve and a half per oent. here and in
Europe."
The important article of bend and sole
leather we have been able to reduce from
thirty-five to fifteen per cent, ad valorem., and
in this instance, at least, the reduction was
made, I am gratified to say, with the consent
of leading manufacturers in consideration of
hides being made free. The duty on hides
never was a protection to anybody, partly for
the reason that South American hides which
we import are used for a distinctive purpose,
do not materially compete with our own, and
never affected the price of American hides one
way or another. Upon the other hand, the
duty on the foreign increased the price of
leather, an article not only of universal con-
sumption in the shape of boots and shoes, but
so extensively used by farmers, mechanics, and
manufacturers in their various occupations.
Indeed, the use of leather in this country is
hardly realized by any one who has not had his
attention specially directed to the fact. I may
here state incidentally that the leather in-
dustry in the United States is estimated to be
greater in its extent than either wool or iron.
Before the war we exported it, and tanners
told us that with free hides they could compete
with the world in leather.
Lumber we propose to reduce from twenty
to ton per cent, ad valorem; a reduction
which I believe will be hailed with satisfaction
by nine tenths of the people, for, as was 'veil
said by the late Commissionerof the Revenue,
it is greatly to the interest of the majority of
the pi-ople that their houses, factories, fences,
vehicles, furniture, cars, and ships should be
cheap. The lumber duty, while it is not felt
in some regions, is felt very severely in others.
We have had a number of delegations before
the committee asking for a reduction of this
duty, and the evidence showed that not only
is the duty added to the price of the imported
lumber, and thus paid by the American con-
sumer, but likewise that it affects the price of
the home product, that it is crippling more
American industries than it protects, and that
it is retarding improvement and progress in
various ways, bearing with peculiar severity
on certain sections of the country, and bene-
fiting no one but a few owners of timber lands
in the Northwest. It is not a question of labor,
but a question of stumpage, as it is technically
called.
_ On coal and salt we make a heavier reduc-
tion than on most other things, for reasons
which are so well known and which have been
so often discussed that I will not weary the
House with a repetition. Indeed, the House
has several times voted to make them free,
but^ following the line of policy heretofore
indicated, we thought best not to recommend
so great a change at once.
The House has also voted to make tea and
coffee free, and I have a few words to say upon
that point. I know that the words free "tea
and coffee have a certain glittering popular-
ity connected with them. But all that glit-
ters is not gold, and this proposition to repeal
all duties upon tea and coffee as a measure
of revenue reform will upon closer inspec-
tion be found to have a good deal of pinch-
beck about it.
Let us take a plain, common-sense view
of the matter. There are two kinds of du-
ties upon our tariff schedule, the one class
consists of duties strictly revenue in char-
acter, the other class is protective in char-
acter ; in the one case, where the tax-payer
pays a dollar the Treasury receives a dollar*
m the other case, where the tax-payer pays
one dollar into the Treasury he pays from
oue to five into the pockets of private par-
ties who are engaged in occupations favored
by law. Tea and coffee belong to the for-
mer class j the duties upon these two articles
are strictly revenue duties. They are not
exceptionally high, and yet we collected about
nineteen million dollars from this source last
year.
It will be remembered they were reduced in
the last Congress, and in this bill we again
propose to reduce them, so as to make the
duty on tea equal to about thirty-three per
cent, and coffee twenty per cent, ad valorem.
Now, it is said that tea and coffee are articles
of universal consumption, and as such they
ought to be duty free. I admit that they are
articles of almost universal consumption, but
1 cannot admit that they are necessities of life
in as high a degree as clothing, salt, mechanics'
tools, bed blankets, and many other articles in
the tariff which I could name, and yet we have
duties upon these exceeding one hundred per
cent., upon some exceeding two hundred and
approaching three hundred per cent. Now,
in view of these facts, the majority of the com-
mittee thought that a small revenue duty on
tea and coffee should be retained, and although
the aggregate reduction in our bill is so small
as to permit free tea and coffee without injury
to the revenue, we prefer that the House should
add in other directions where relief will be felt
in a much greater degree.
I will not attempt at this time to enter any
further on the details of the bill, leaving the
discussion of details until the bill is taken up
by paragraphs for consideration ; but before
closing I wish to say a few words concerning
the idea sometimes advanced that the present
high duties are really necessary in order to
make up for the difference in price of labor
between here and Europe. In the first place,
the American factory laborer does not get any
higher wages by reason of the tariff. In a
speech on the relations of tariffs to wages which
I made about a month ago, I expressed my
views at some length on that subject, and I
think Ishowed froms atistical information fur-
nished by the State of Massachusetts that the
tariff while it swells profits and dividends does
not increase the rate of wages.
But, in the second place, there is nothing
more delusive than this theory of compensa-
tion for difference in cost of labor, for the
simple reason that the price of labor is by no
means a true test of the cost of production.
Raw material forms the bulk of the cost of
production j and this is often cheapest where
iabor is dearest, and such is the case with
many factories and industries in this country.
Many persons take it for granted that the
labor account is the great item in the manu-
facture of our protected goods; and we often
hear manufacturers argue in this way: I pay
my laborers twice as much as is paid to
laborers in the same line of business in Kurope ;
therefore I should have twice the price for my
goods. This argument, plausible as it may
seem at first glance, is utterly fallacious and a
flimsy pretext for monopoly duties.
I have paid some attention of late to the
proportion of the cost of labor to the whole
cost of manufactured products, and I have
found somewhat to my own surprise that it
rarely exceeds twenty-five per cent. For
instance, labor represents only fifteen to twenty
per cent, in pig iron, only fifteen per cent, in
woolen goods, twenty-five per ccnt. in cotton
goods, eighteen per cent, in paper, and in
some articles, as for instance in soap, it
sinks down to only six per cent., while a
tobacco manufacturer told us in committee that
the labor in sweetened plug tobacco costs less
than the licorice which goes into it. I have
all these figures from the statements of manu-
iacturers themselves.
I he bulk of the cost is always in the material,
besides such items as fuel, rent, interest, &c.
JNow, even taking twenty-five per cent, as the
average cost of labor, it will be perceived that
a protection of only "twenty-five per cent, on
the whole value of the article is equal to a
protection of one hundred per ceut. on the
labor that goes into the article ) a duty of fifty
per cent, on the value is equal to two hundred
per cent, on the labor; seventy-five per cent.
