'88
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 24,
Ho. op Reps.
Chicago Belief Bill—Mr. Sutherland.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
consternation to all classes but purchasers, I
invite attention to the following remonstrances
against such injustice.
The Clerk read as follows:
Memorial of Chicago manufacturers ^ to the Congress
of the United States against especial oppression in
the matter of the so-called Chicago relief bill,
# These memorialists, who are manufacturers of the
city of Chicago, respectfully represent to the Sena-
tors and Representatives of the United States in
Congress assembled, that they have been informed
and fear that the so -called Chicago relief bill for the
temporary remission of import duties on building
materials may be construed to extend not merely to
raw materials, but also to all manufactures of iron,
tin, lead, wood, and the like that may be required
in the rebuilding of the city.
That if such a bill should become a law, and should
have the extent above supposed, it would be a direct
and serious injury to the manufacturing interests of
Chicago, and for that reason an additional calamity
to the city at large.
That the manufacturing interests of Chicago are
in the highest degree important to the present wel-
fare of her people, from the faet that thousands of
iamilies are supported, fed, and clothed by the pro-
ceeds of the employment which those interests afford.
That the manufactures of Chicago are in like
degree important to the whole future of the city,
and to the welfare of the entire Northwest; and that
the city can more easily recover from the effects of
the great fire than she could from the destruction
of her manufactures.
That many Chicago manufacturers, as well those
having their places of business without the burned
district, so called, as those who were located within
it, have suffered great losses in moneys, credit, busi-
ness, property, and otherwise; and that a large num-
ber of such manufacturers wouldbe unable to resume
business under the burdens of such a bill.
That any law which would single out the manu-
facturers of Chicago, especially in their present
oppressed condition, as the subjects of an experi-
ment in free trade, would be grossly unjust, and
lead to many disastrous results.
That among such results would be the following:
a large reduction of the wages, on which so many
families depend lor their support, and in many cases
a suspension of the employment altogether; also,
the payment of large amounts of capital t© foreign
manufacturers which would otherwise be kept in
circulation here; also, a very great dimunition in
the quantity of tax-paying products that would be
otherwise manufactured here, and the placing of
the manufacturers of this city in a worse position
than that of any other manufacturers of the country.
Thaktheso memorialists would be glad to have the
largest measure of relief, consistent with the general
good, extended to thesufferers by the great fire, with-
out limit to class or section; but these memorialists
protest against any measure which would benefit one
class of the sufferers by the oppression of others.
That in the nature of things the proposed relief
will be in a great degree monopolized by large land-
owners and wealthy capitalists, jobbers and specu-
lators of this and other sections of the country.
That the manufacturers of Chicago have or can
readily secure all the necessary facilities to supply
the demand for the articles above indicated; and
that a large increase of their operations from an
extraordinary demand for their products would of
itself be a great and admirable relief to the suffer-
ing people of Chicago by furnishing abundant em-
ployment to the laboring classes at remunerative
prices.
Wherefore these memorialists pray that only such
measures of relief for the benefit of Chicago may
be allowed to become laws as shall be free from the
objections above set forth.
C. F. GATES,
Chairman, of a Meeting of Manufacturers.
Chicago, January 2o, 1872.
Resolutions of the Board of Trade of St. Louis,
Missouri.
Whereas a bill is now pending in the Congress of
the United States which provides for the importa-
tion into the port of Chicago of certain goods, wares,
and merchandise free of duty, for the purpose of
extending aid to the suffering in the burnt districts
of said city: Therefore,
1. Be it resolved, That the merchants and manu-
facturers and importers of St. Louis, through their
Board of Trade, respectfully represent that the pro-
posed mode of relief is impracticable and unjust, in
this, that it would unsettle values, complicate the
collection of the revenue, open the way to fraud,
and place the burden of relief upon a few classes
that should be borne equitably and alike by all.
2. Resolved, That any aid that Congress in its wis-
dom may deem proper to extend should be by direct
appropriation from the national Treasury, by which
process Congress and the whole country will know
the exact amount contributed, and every interest
will bear its proportion of a national tax to rebuild
Chicago.
3. Resolved, That the president of this board is
hereby requested to transmit to the President of the
feenate, Speaker 'of the House, and the congressional
delegation from this State a copy of these resolu-
tions. i
Rooms op Board of Trat>e,
Cincinnati, January 30,1872,
At a meeting of the directors of the Board of
Trade of Cincinnati, Hon. A. T. Goshorn offered
the following preamble and resolutions, namely;
Whereas there is pending before the Congress of
the United States a bill known as the "Chicago
relief bill." which proposes to admit to the port of
Chicago, free of duty, every article that in any man-
ner enters into the construction of buildings for a
period of twelve months; and whereas the passage
of said bill, a most extraordinary measure, intended
to benefit a single locality, will injuriously affect
every branch of industry, disorganize commercial
interests, and cause many of the leading manufac-
turers of the country, and especially of the West, to
discontinue operations, leaving a large and depend
ent population unemployed: It is therefore
Resolved, That the enactment of said bill would
be an unwise, unreasonable, and unconstitutional
discrimination*in favor of a questionable local be-
nevolence, to thesacrifice of the most important and
valuable industries of the country, thus disorgan-
izing trade, unsettling values, and incurring great
pecuniary losses to capitalists, and bringing distress
to thousands of industrious and worthy mechanics
and merchants.
Resolved, That the Senators and Representatives
of Ohio in Congress be earnestly urged to oppose said
bill as being impolitic, unjust, and dangerous to the
prosperities of the industries of the country.
Which were unanimously adopted.
JOSIAH KIRBY, President.
Attest: H. H. Tatem, Secretary.
Resolutions adopted by the Merchants' Association in
regard to the proposed remission of duties.
At a meeting of the Merchants' Association of
Milwaukee, held at the Chamber of Commerce on
the 26th of January, 1872, the following preamble
and resolutions were unanimously adopted :
Whereas a bill now pending before Congress pro-
vides, among other things, for theremission of import
duties on all material used in rebuilding the burnt
district of Chicago; and whereas we believe that
such an enactment will be detrimental to tho mer-
cantile and manufacturing interests of many local-
ities, and especially of the States of Michigan, Wis-
consin, and Minnesota, where immense amounts of
capital are invested and thousands of persons are
engaged in the manufacture of lumber, brick, and
other building materials, whose interests would be
seriously crippled by the introduction of foreign
competition with free duties, and that while indi-
vidual capitalists of Illinois, and especially of the
city of Chicago, would reap all the benefit, the mer-
cantile and manufacturing population of the neigh-
boring States would sustain all the damage and
an incredible derangement in their business: and
whereas we deem it to be unjust and partial to
donate relief in the manner intended by the pro-
visions of this bill to one locality which has suffered,
while it ignores other localities which have suffered
as much from the same cause, and takes from the
Treasury of the United States a large sum of money
for the benefit of one class and one locality at the
expense of other classes (even in the same city) and
of other localities; and whereas, while we deeply
sympathize with Chicago in her affliction, and are
willing and anxious for liberal legislation in her
behalf, we believe that legislation should be of such
a character as will not boar with undue hardship on
particular branches of industry in any part of the
country: Therefore,
^ Resolved, That tho passage of said bill would be
injurious to the State of Wisconsin, and should be
opposed by our Senators and Representatives in
Congress.
Resolved, That a copy of the foregoing preamble
and resolution be mailed to our Senators and Rep-
resentatives in Congress.
_ _ P. J. BLAIR, President.
Robert Hill, Secretary.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. So obvious is it that
the effects of such a law would extend to every
State which produces any staple article that
can be classed with building material that oppo-
sition to its passage will come from all such
States, unless such local objections are re-
moved by excepting their productions. Will
Vermont support this bill if marble is not
exempted from its provisions? Will not sup-
port be courted by excepting linseed oil?
These articles are unimportant compared with
lumber. It is possible the advocates of this
measure may be willing to forego the advan-
tages of free importation of marble and linseed
oil if they can secure free trade in lumber.
I invite attention to the effect of this bill
on the State which I have the honor in part
to represent. That State produces yearly
about 2,000,000)000 feet of lumber, and about
750,000,000 of this quantity finds a market
at Chicago. It requires about 1,000,000,000 -
feet to supply that market; the remaining
250,000,000 come from the States of Wis-
consin and Minnesota.
It is estimated that from one hundred to one
hundred and fifty million feet of lumber will
be required to rebuild Chicago.
If the relief now asked were merely to obtain
the needed building material, including lum-
ber, by paying the market price less the duty,
at the higher estimate the saving on lumber
would be about three hundred and seventy-five
thousand dollars. If a majority in Congress
are willing the Government should pay that
sum, a direct appropriation would accomplish
the object. But this bill is so framed that but
a small part of the saving would be a loss to
the Treasury. This is confessed by the Chicago
Tribune, as appears from these extracts from
its issues of February -3 and January 36.
The Clerk read as follows:
"It is conceded that the passage of this bill will
be equivalent to a reduction of $20,000,000 in the
cost of the needed building materials. It is also
known that the whole amount of revenue lost to tho
(government will be a very small fraction of this
sum, so small, indeed, that it has ceased to be a mat-
ter of controversy."    ***
" We do not suppose that if-the law passes fire per
cent, of the material will be imported, consequently
the Government will lose at most but an insig-
nificant amount of duties; but the $20,000,000 which
the protected classes, whose representative Senator
Sherman is, propose to extort from our miseries and
misfortunes will be cut off, and their right to take
what the fire left us will be denied.
"As a general thing the effect will be to reduce
prices to the extent of the duty."
Mr. SUTHERLAND. The inevitable effect
of such a law would be to reduce the price of
all building material in the general market to
the extent of the duty. Hence, not only the
one hundred and fifty million feet of lumber
which would be furnished by Michigan and
other States would contribute $375,000 to re-
pair the waste which the fire made in Chicago
and the Government lose all duties, but there
would be a corresponding reduction of price
on the entire production of lumber. The loss
to Michigan alone would not be less than five
million dollars.
In this aspect it is not an appeal to Con-
gress for aid from the Government simply or
principally; it would operate to deprive the
Treasury of a considerable sum, but tho
greater loss would fall on particular private
industries of the country. Three hundred
and seventy-five thousand dollars only of this
reduction on lumber would go to those who
rebuild Chicago, while the reduction on the
remaining nineteen twentieths of the produc-
tion of three States would inure to the profit
of a class that had no part in the losses by the
Chicago fire. It will be a godsend to the
speculators incumber. This bill is a free-
trade measure in a specious guise, an attempt
in the name of suffering Chicago to compel
the producers of our country to submit to a
sacrifice of millions of dollars for the emolu-
ment of purchasers, an attempt to establish a
temporary free trade in a few leading articles,
while the_country is not willing to accept and
Congress is not prepared to Inaugurate it as a
general system.
It would be better for the State of Michigan
to_ furnish gratis the one hundred and fifty
million feet of lumber necessary for rebuild-
ing on the burnt district of Chicago, than to
have this bill pass. Such a donation would
not involve more than half as much sacrifice
as will be incident, and inevitably incident to
the operation of such a law.
In the province of Ontario there are vast
forests of pine belonging to the Government.
For a small royalty of forty or fifty cents per
thousand feet material may be obtained con-
venient to the lakes for any quantity of lum-
ber. Labor is also cheaper there than in the
United States, so that if this bill passes tho
