1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'2829
on the value is equal to three hundred per
cent, on the labor, and a duty of one hundred
per cent, on the value, such as we have several
of on our tariff schedule, amounts to a protec-
tion of four hundred per cent, on the labor!
It will be perceived from these figures how
curious the effect of the manufacturer's mode
of protecting cost of labor, arid how little
protection is really needed to compensate for
difference in price of labor. As it is, the
manufacturer, under pretense of equalizing
labor, gets his protection on the whole cost,
and thus doubles up on labor, material, and
all. In addition to this there is the cost of
bringing the foreign goods by the side of the
domestic in our market, which in itself affords
a protection of from five to ten per cent, on
the value, according to the nature of the article.
Again, there is no doubt also that while we
pay higher wages to American laborers, we
require more of them in return, and they do
actually produce more than the average Euro-
pean laborers do in the same space of time.
But it is improved machinery above all which
is daily reducing the significance of the price
of mere manual labor in the cost of manufac-
tured wares. This is strikingly illustrated by
the following statistics, which 1 clip from the
Washington Chronicle of recent date :
" Tbe manufacture of plain cottons in Massachu-
setts in 1865 produced fabrics valued at $51,-136,881,
being an increase in ten years of $28,296,343, or one
hundred and eight per cent.; yet the capital in-
creased in that time only four per cent., while the
number of hands employed was actually reduced
eleven thousand one hundred and nine. Each dol-
lar of capital produced three times as much as it did
ten years before, while the actual value produced
by each operative rose from $751 to $2,299 per an-
num. Yet this did not reduce the amount of capital
employed in manufactures nor the number of oper-
atives. The surplus capital and labor found new
avenues of employment.
"The wool manufacture, in the ten years under
review, only doubled its capital, and added but
eighty-four per cent, to its number of operatives,
while increasing fourfold its annual production.
The carpet manufacture tripled its production,
while it decreased its capital twenty per cent, and
its amount of labor twenty-fivo per cent."
In conclusion, let me express the hope that
with some additions, increasing the aggregate
reduction ten millions more, and such amend-
ments as every bill of this nature must neces-
sarily undergo, the bill reported by the major-
ity of tbe committee will pass this House.
To the gentlemen on the other side of the
House I say, if you have been sincere in your
loud professions concerning the tariff, you will
support this bill; for though it may not suit
your idea of what ought to be done, it is the
only practical result that can be obtained at
this session. You cannot oppose it on the
ground on which you opposed the so-called
Schenck tariff, for that tariff, while it reduced
some things, increased the duty on others.
This bill is at least a consistent scaling down
throughout.
To the Republican party, which is respons-
ible for the legislation of the country, i say,
if you want to avoid the charge of keeping
needless burdens on the people, a charge
often made, now is the time to do away with
it; and, finally, I say to the ultra protection-
ists, if you want to avoid a crisis, if you want
to avoid a sudden revulsion, such as is gen-
erally caused by a stubborn holding on to
extremes, if you want to prevent such a sweep-
ing change as I and every true revenue re-
former would regret to see, your true policy
is to accept the olive branch which is offered
in the shape of this bill.
Mr. DICKEY. I noticed that the gentle-
man has addressed remarks to all of the polit-
ical parties of this country except the Cincin
nati party.
Mr. FINKELNBURG. I do not know that
I have any words to address to that party.
Mr. DAWES. As no other gentleman seems
disposed to address the committee at this time,
I will move that the committee now rise. In
doing so I desire to say that I have no desire
to address the committee when the considera-
tion of this subject shall be next resumed.
The motion was agreed to.
The committee accordingly rose ; and the
Speaker having resumed the chair, Mr. Sco-
field reported that pursuant to the order of
the House the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union had had under consider-
ation the state of the Union generally, and
more particularly the bill of the House (No,
2322) to reduce duties on imports and to re-
duce internal taxes, and for other purposes,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. SHANKS. I desire to inquire of the
Chair if there will be a morning hour to-mor-
row ?
The SPEAKER. If there shall be one, it
will be for the consideration of reports from
committees, of a private nature.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to ask unani-
mous consent that on to morrow there shall
be no other business done except general
debate on the tariff bill.
Mr. L. MYERS. 1 hope that will not be
done. We were denied a morning hour this
morning.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent.
Mr. McNEELY. I object.
legislative appropriation bill.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, from a com-
mittee of conference, submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (H. R. No. 1060) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1873, and
for other purposes, having met, after full and free
conference, have agreed to recommend, and do rec-
ommend, to their respective Houses as follows :
That the Senate recede from their amendments
numbered 12. 26, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31, 35,37, 45,61, 62, 64,
68, 69, 70, 71, 73, 74, 75, and 78.
That the Hou?e of Ilepresentatiues recede from
their disagreement to the amendments of the Senate
numbered 13.15,18.19, 33, 36, 38, 39, 40, 41,42, 43, 44,
60, 63, 65, 72, 79, 80, 85, 86, 87, and 88, and agree to the
same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the eighth amend-
ment of the Senate, and agree to the same with an
amendment, as follows: on page 6, line fifteen of
the bill, strike out all after the word "fifty/'down
to the end of line sixteen, on the same page, and
insert in lieu: " $3,422;" and the House agree to the
same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the twenty-fifth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: strike
out all after the word " after," in line two of said
amendment, down to and including the word " Con- i
gress," in line three, nnd insert in lieu the following
words, "the 4th of March, 1875;" and the Senate
agree to the same.
That the House recede from their amendment to
the thirty-fourth amendment of the Senate, and
agree to said Senate amendment.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendments of the House to the fifty-fifth and
seventy-sixth amendments of the Senate, and agree
to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the sixty-sixth
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same,
with the following amendment: in line three of
said House amendment strike out the word " forty "
and insert in lieu the word "thirty;" and theHouee
agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the House to the sixty-seventh
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendment: strike out of said
House amendment the words "ninety-two," and
insert in lieu thereof the word "eighty;" and the
House agree to the same.
That the Huu&e recede from their disagreement to
the seventy-seventh amendment of the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
in lieu of the words proposed to be stricken out,
insert the following: for one clerk of class four,
two clerks of class two, one clerk of class one, and
two laborers, additional force in the money-order
office, $7,240; and the Senate agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the eighty-third amendment of 'the Senate, and
agree to the same with the following amendment:
strike out from, the words propo&edto be inserted
in said amendment where it first occurs the word
"two," and insert in lieu thereof the word "four;"
and the Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendment of the House to the eighty-fourth
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendment: strike out all after
the word "three," where it occurs the second time
in line eight of said House amendment down to and
including the words "peranum," in line nine; and
inline nine strike out the word "three" and insert
in lieu the word "seven;' and in line serenteen of
said House amendment strike out the words "six
thousand," and insert in lieu thereof "five thousand
"six hundred;" and the House agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the ninetieth amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with the following amendment: in line
four of said amendment, strike out the word "fifty"
and insert in lieu thereof the words''twenty-five;"
and tbe Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their disagreement
to the amendmentof the House to the ninety-second
amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with an amendment as follows: substitute in lieu of
the first clause of said House amendment the follow-
ing: 44 that a commission, consisting of the Secretary
of the Interior, the chief engineer of the Army,
and the officer in charge of public buildings aua
groundsis hereby authorized and directed to examine
and report to Congress prior to the second Monday
of December next, a plan by which the locomotive
railroad track in front of the western entrance of
the Capital shall be removed," with due regard to
the rights of all parties concerned, and by which
proper connections with other railroads may be
made; and the House agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the ninety-third amendmentof the Senate, and
agree to the same with an amendment as follows:
substitute in lieu thereof the following: 44 that from
and after the 1st day of July, 1872, the annual sala-
ries of the Second Comptroller, of the Register, and
of the supervising architect of the Treasury Depart-
ment shall be $4,000 each; and the annual salary of
the judges of the Court of Claims shall be $4,500
each, and a sum sufficient to carry into effect the
provisions of this section to the end of the fiscal year
ending June 30,1873, is hereby appropriated;" and
the Senate agree to the same.
JAMES A. GARFIELD,
F. CLARKE.
WILLIAM E. NIBLACK,
Managers on the part of the Souse.
C.COLE,
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,.
FREDERICK A. SAWYER,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
The question was upon agreeing to the
report of the committee of conference.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If I can have the
attention of the House for a few minutes 
Mr. RANDALL. Allow me to make a sug-
gestion. It is now twenty-five minutes to five
o'clock. We cannot understand this report
from its reading by the Clerk, and shall have
to listen to a long explanation from the chair-
man of the Committee on Appropriations.
There are some features of this report to which
there undoubtedly will be objection. I there-
fore suggest that it be allowed to go over until
Monday.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 would cheer-
fully do that but for one thing. This is a very
long bill, and the enrolling clerks ought to
have to-morrow to prepare it for signature.
1 think the gentleman will find that the points
to which objection will be made are very few,
and they can be stated in a very few minutes.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. This bill will
not go into effect until the 1st of July next.
Whnt is the great necessity for rhis hurry
about it ?
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. t I believe I can
state in six minutes all that is needed in the
way of explanation.
Mr. DICKEY. The House is not full; and
if in a full House this reportshould be rejected,
then all the labor of ttfe enrolling clerks will
be lost.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. 1 am willingto
do whatever the House may desire.
Mr. RANDALL. It would be very satis-
factory to have more time for consideration.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Some of these
amendments will give rise to discussion.
Mr. HALE. There will be some opposition
to portions of this conference report, undoubt-
edly the explanation of the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations will be satisfac-
tory as far as it goes. But this report is an
important one, and there has been no oppor-
tunity to examine it in detail. In view of that
fact, and also that there may not be a quorum
here now, I suggest whether it would not be
better to let this report go over until next week.
