1872.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
89
42d Cong....2d Sess.
Chicago Belief Bill—Mr. Sutherland.
Ho. of Beps.
markets of our country can be at once supplied
from this source at prices which defy any com-
petition from our manufacturers.
This measure at any time would be ruinous
to our lumbermen. It is especially so at this
time, for the same cause that affords the pre-
text for this legislation—the destructive fire
that overran the lumber regions of all the
States in the Northwest. Id is not necessary
to remind this House of the losses both of life
and property that marked its course; they
have been too frequently described. In many
parts of northern Michigan, in the lower pen-
insula, deprivation and distress were brought
to nearly every home in entire communities.
A melancholy feature of the calamity was that
the flames devoured the whole property of a
large part of the sufferers. They were left
destitute; reduced suddenly from a state of
comfort to poverty. These sufferers were the
men that do the work of our State. Before
the fire their little properties likewise added
much to the wealth of our State. Their lot
is cast with the lumbermen. And this bill,
nominally to aid Chicago, but not aimed so
much to reach the most considerable losers
there as to give speculators everywhere a rich
harvest of gain, will take away the means of
recuperation. It will oblige them in addition'
to bearing their own individual losses to con-
tribute to enrich others, many of whom are not
even entitled to sympathy because they did not
suffer any loss. Our lumbermen have lost in
pine lands burnt over at least $20,000,000.
To prevent further loss of timber, killed by
the fire, which will deteriorate and become
valueless if not immediately worked, they are
obliged, at an increased expense, to extend
their operations; to convert nearly fifty per
cent, more timber than usual. By this increase
of lumber the markets everywhere, without
ecmpetition from abroad, would be more than
supplied, and a resulting fall of prices may be
anticipated.
In this connection I submit a letter from the
president of the " Lumber Association," rep-
resenting the lumber interest in the Saginaw
valley.
The Clerk read as follows:
Bay City, February 15,1872.
Sir: The Lumbermen's Association of the Saginaw
Valley respectfully request that you enter an earn-
est and energetic protest against the passage of the
so-called Chicago relief bill. From your famili-
arity with the interests and needs of this section
perhaps nothing more should be said, as the reasons
will be almost self-evident and the necessities for
energetic action apparent.
But they would suggest that the lumber interests
of Michigan and Wisconsin are practically forced
by the provisions of this bill to furnish the main
contribution to the relief proposed, when these in-
terests have already suffered in an equal degree with
the only interests in Chicago that can be benefited
by the operation of the bill. In this State alone
the loss by the fires of last year is not less than
$20,000,000 to the owners of timber. Ihese owners
have been obliged to cut more logs this season than
will be required to supply the demand without the
introduction of foreign lumber, and these logs are
being put in at a much greater expense than ever
before, on account of the higher price of labor and
the impossibility of proper preparation for this
work. . . .
If the bill referred to should pass, its provisions
would be used to introduce large quantities of lum-
ber for uses not contemplated by the act, and the
effect would be, practically, to remove the protec-
tion to ltunber, and consequently reduce the Pnee
to the producer at least $1 50 per thousand feet. Xhis,
with the reduction from an over stock, would with-
out doubt ruin many owners of timber in this State.
The value of lumber in this market is mainly
made up by the cost of labor and supplies, 'l'he
average price of lumber for 1871 at the mills in this
district was $14 83 per thousand feet. This requires
the lumber to average twelve and a half per cent, ot
upper qualities. For 1870 the average price was
$12 96. The average cost of production for 1871 was
$12 07, and for 1870 $11 07 per thousand feet. This
leaves a margin tor 1871 of $2 77, and for!870 of $189
per thousand feet, as all the avails for investment,
risks, &e. The cost of production this season will
not be less than $13 07 per thousand feet, while the
prico of lumber "will not cxeccd §14 15; leavrng as a
margin only $108 to covcr risks, investment, and all
disturbing causes.
The benefits proposed by this bill to Chicago are
unwarrantably disproportioned to the injury and
injustice to other sections of our country. The
classes in Chicago benefited would be mainly the
dealers in lumber and owners of real estate. These
are classes who have suffered only partial loss. The
tenants, merchants, and other classes who have
suffered total loss would not be relieved in any
appreciable degree.
We would further suggest that tho sympathy
deemed necessary be expressed by an appropriation
from the Treasury of the United States. To this we
offer no objection.
The other course wo deem oppressive, and as being
calculated to work us further injury as a free-trade
measure.
"VVewill not occupy space with our views of the
effect of this bill as a precedent for relief in all simi-
lar casesj or as to its effect on the self-reliance of
communities or of individuals. All these objec-
tions, we have reason to believe, will be apparent to
yourself.
In consequence of the absence of the undersigned,
the request of the association has not been attended
to as early as was desirable; but the foregoing is
submitted with the hope that it is not too late.
Very respectfully, JAMES SHEARER,
President Lumbermen's Association.
Hon. T. G. Sutherland, Representative of Sixth Con-
gressional- District, State of Michigan.
Mr. SUTHERLAND. The losses in Michi-
gan cannot be mitigated by any such relief as
this bill offers. We can derive no assistance
from a free importation of building material.
The waste places must be built up by the per-
severing industry of our people, who are not
yet discouraged, and with material drawn
from our own abundant native resources. The
unfortunate in Michigan are content, after the
generous aid that has been extended to them
by a sympathizing public, to struggle out of
their embarrassments; but they will be indig-
nant to have their misfortunes and their intel-
ligence so belittled as in expecting their
assent to this bill and almost resenting their
opposition.
The following letter was lately published in
a daily paper in this city, and probably was
intended for members of Congress in general,
rather than the honorable Senator to whom it
was nominally addressed but not otherwise
directed.
The Clerk read as follows :
Chicago, jFebruary IS, 1872.
Dear Sir: I had supposed until within a few days
that the "relief bill" would pass the Senate without
very serious opposition. The opinion was founded
on the flattering vote in the House and the first voto
in the Senate, but more especially on the justice
and equity of the bill. I have been more surprised
at your opposition than that of any other Senator,
and now think it must be the result of misappre-
hension.
Let me simply state the lacts of the case as I
understand them:
1. Tho proposed rebates are limited to the burnt
district of twenty-six hundred acres of houses and
stores, and do not extend to the unburnt portion of
the city. .
2. It does not make a free port of entry of Chicago,
nor does it admit any article of foreign product free
of duty. The duty must first be paid before there
can be any rebate to any one, and then only on the
articles that can be proven to have entered into the
construction of buildings in the burnt district.
3. The Government has already received its duties
on all imported articles used in the first building of
that portion of the city. The property destroyed
had already paid all tariff taxes and manufacturers
bounties. "American industry " had already been
" protected" by an extra charge to the amount of
the tariff on all that property of domestic produc-
tion. The Government had already been paid many
millions, and tho manufacturers tens of millions.
4. The awful conflagration came and swept this
taxed property all away in a single day, destroying
two hundred millions of values and rendering home-
less one hundred and twenty-five thousand citizens
at the commencement of the winter.
5. The insurance of this property, if it could be
collected, would enable our people to rebuild with-
out asking help or favor from any quarter; but the
insurance companies were all destroyed,and our peo-
ple will not recover more than five or six cents on
the dollar. A few companieshave paid from twenty-
five per cent, to par; but nineteen twentieths of
them only pay one cent to five cents on the dollar of
their policies. They have not yet even paid this
beggarly pittance. , .
6. The fires in your State, or in Michigan, would not
, equal the loss of property suffered here on the space
of a single square of ground, and their insurance
pans out" much better than ours, and their losses
are transient and can soon bo restored, especially in
view of the liberal donations they have received.
In "Wisconsin theLegislaturearc talking of using the
surplus relief money that poured in to build bridges
and make roads. But of course we have no objec-
tion to any measure of assistance that "Congress"
may see proper to render them. But we protest
being made a victim on their account; that is, be-
cause no drawbacks may be allowed to them, there-
lore none shall be allowed to us.
We object to being compelled to pay a second tax
to the Government and a second bounty to the man-
ufacturers in order to restore our destroyed prop-
erty. Had no fire occurred, this second tax and
bounty could not be exacted. How can the lumber
interests of your State claim they would lose their
bounty of two dollars per one thousand feet when
they have already received it? They have no right
to tax us again on the rebuilding of our burnt houses.
Sincethefire, however, they have charged an enorm-
ous advance on an honest price for their lumber,
and have skinned us out of some millions of dollars.
Is it not about time to cry, *' Hold! enough ? "
So the manufacturers of hardware, glass, oils,
faints, and brick have "stuck it" to us fearfully.
t seems to me they have had blood enough. Our
people regard it as very harsh and unfeeling for the
Senators of Michigan to fight the rebate bill, in view
of the enormous commercial relations existing be-
tween your State and our city. Chicago is the chief
market of half of Michigan, and as Chicago prospers
so prospers your constituents. Killing "the goose
that lays the golden egg " is poor policy. The sooner
we get on our feet tho better for your people; and I
think your lumber speculators would study their
own interests if they would forego demanding a sec-
ond bounty of two dollars per thousand feet on our
buildings in the burnt district, and leave that plun-
der with us until we get roofs over our heads.
Do you believe that the cause of protection will be
promoted by compelling the people of Chicago to
pay two tariffs and two bounties on their houses?
But I notice that some Senators pretend to arguo
that to allow refunding of the duties on the .property
used to rebuild is unconstitutional. This objection
comes too late after the Portland precedent and
the thousand bills that have passed Congress rebat-
ing duties on imported goods and machinery. The
objection itself is bosh, and they know it.
The reports that you have heard, that our people
are divided on this rebate question are erroneous.
A few men like Dexter and Blatchford said some-
thing against it in letters to you before they under-
stood tho scope of the bill; but they all now say that
they did not properly understand it, and they desire
the passage of the bill. Our people are unanimous
in asking this needed measure of relief. Not one in
a thousand but desire it.
I notice that you advocate a direct appropriation
out of the Treasury. Our people want nothing of
the kind; besides, the money thus obtained could
never be fairlyor equitably divided and apportioned
among the burnt-out rebuilders. The only right and
satisfactory way is that in the Portland precedent.
Each man will then escape spoliation; that is, double
taxation to the extent that his remainingmeans and
credit enables him to rebuild; and not a dollar will
be taken from the Treasury to which it has any moral
or Christian right.
The city is richly entitled to the mode and meas-
ure of relief which she asks at the hands of Con-
gress. She has been a giant in supporting the Gov-
ernment and the Republican party heretofore. She
sent twenty-seven thousand Union soldiers to tho
Army for three years; she has paid the Federal
Government $70,000,000 of internal revenue since
the rebellion broke out, and as much more external
or tariff taxes. She has not in twenty years elected
a Democrat to Congress. She has been foremost in
all progressive works, and has largely contributed
to the wealth, enterprise, and power of the United
States. She is down now in the dust, smitten by
misfortune, and is struggling with the courage of
Hercules to rise from her ashes and ruins. Shall it
be said that a Senator whom she has a right almost
to call her own, and Irom whom she has hoped for
good things and strong help, shall stab her in this
day of her desolation, and help to impose crushing
burdens on her scorched and bleeding shoulders/
Chicago can remember as well as forget, resent as
well as reward. A kindly action now will not be
forgotten. "A friend in need is a friend indeed.
I was appointed a delegate to visit Washington
and expostulate and plead with Senators, but find it
impossible to leave ray post of duty here, and ail i
can do is to write you this appeal to reconsider your
opposition to the Chicago relief bill and help to put
it through. If so, you will never regret it. it you
do not Ifear you will regret itall the rest of your life.
Yery truly, yours, J. J1EDILL.
Hon. Thomas W. Febey. '
Mr. SUTHERLAND. I do not put ray
objections to this bill at all upon constitu-
tional grounds, though the criticisms which
have been made for supposed infractions of
the Constitution appear to me just. I prefer
to place my objections to it on grounds that
