1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBI.
1037
the rules supposed necessary to bo observed (as to the
immediate noting down of words) for the security
of members. Therefore, it is the duty of the House,
and more particularly of tlie Speaker, to interfere
immediately, and not to permit expressions to go
unnoticed which may sice aground of complaint to
the other House, and introduce proceedings and
mutual accusations between the two Houses which
can hardly be terminated without difficulty and dis-
order."—3 llatsell, 51.
The Chair is compelled, without knowing
what this refers to, or what has been said in the
other House, to draw the attention of the Sen-
ate to this point, as it is the duty of the Pre-
siding Officer, and so stated in the authority
in the Manual, to arrest proceedings at this
particular point, becauso if this is a speech
replying to words spoken disrespectfully of a
Senator in the other House, then of course it
can be replied to by the member in the other
House, giving, as it is said, " a ground of com-
plaint," and introducing "proceedings and
mutual accusations between the two House.s
which can hardly be terminated without diffi-
culty and disorder." It is, however, for the
Senate, as the Chair lias performed his duty,
to decide what they please on the subject.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think it would per-
haps have been very well had that rule been
enforced in the other House ; but I ask unani-
mous consent for the Senator from Tennessee
to proceed, inasmuch as the member of the
House was allowed to proceed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not know what proceedings have transpired
in the other House in regard to this matter,
and therefore speaks without knowledge, offi-
cial or unofficial.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask unanimous con-
sent 
Mr. TRUMBULL. I would like to hear
the sentence read again, that we may know
what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be again
reported.
The Secretary read as follows:
"I speak to a question of privilege, and ask per-
mission of the Senate to reply to some aspersions on
my character made by a member ot the House of
Representatives on the 22d ultimo, which appear in
the Congressional Globe of the 23d._ The Secretary
will find tliem on page 7 of that issue, under the
name of ' Mr. Beck.' "
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
state that of course it is unpleasant to him to
arrest the remarks of the Senator from Ten-
nessee, as he is unable to deliver those re-
marks himself; but he performs this unpleas-
ant duty as he would in regard to any Senator
on either side of the Chamber who had risen and
opened his remarks in the same way, because
the Manual is imperative on the subject. The
Senator from Michigan asks unanimous con-
sent that under the circumstances the remarks
of the Senator from Tennessee may be reported.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is very embarrassing,
in consequence of the situation of the Senator
from Tennessee, to say anything in regard to
this. I do not know what will follow, but it
apparently is a reply to something that has
been said in the House of Representatives; and
the suggestion that it occurs to me would per-
haps under the circumstances be the proper
one to make would be, as perhaps the Sen-
ator from Tennessee may not have had his
attention called to the rule, that he withdraw
this matter until to-morrow morning and see
whether there is anything in his remarks that
is obnoxious to the rule which has been read
by the Chair, and if there should be, I have
no doubt the Senator from Tennessee would
himself modify them so as to make his re-
marks entirely parliamentary and proper to
be delivered here. I merely make that as a
suggestion, as it would, perhaps, relieve any
embarrassment that would otherwise arise.
Mr. CON KLIN G. Of course I do not know
the undisclosed contents of this paper; but I
humbly submit to the Senate that there is noth-
ing, so far, in the reading which subjects the
Senator from Tennessee to the rule. He says
that ho finds in the Globe a certain thing, and
that it contains aspersions upon him. That is
a fact. He says he proposes to reply to that.
Now, it may be that in the subsequent portions
of his address he invades the privileges of the
House or of sbme member of it; but I sub-
mit to the Senate and the Chair that he does
not, except in a very technical and formal way,
by saying that he finds in the Globe a para-
graph or a statement headed as follows, which
contains aspersions upon his character. I take
it that if the person whose name he mentions
in the House read an article from a newspaper,
or read a letter from any individual reflecting
upon him, and he finds that in the Globe, he
does not subject himself to the rule merely by
locating the place where he finds it, and say-
ing that he proposes to reply to aspersions
there. I can understand how he may very
well reply to aspersions without interfering
with the rule at all. I do not know how that
may be. It may be that the rule is interfered
with. I only now submit to the Chair and to
the Senate that we have not heard enough to
say that the Senator, in any sense except a
very technical one, has violated the rule to
which the Chair has very properly and so
kindly called his attention.
Mr. HAMLIN. In corroboration of what
the Senator from New York has said, allow
me to call the attention of the Chair to the
precisc language of the rule, which should
leave no doubt on the minds of Senators, if
there were any doubt after the explanation of
the Senator from New York. I take it this
rule and this law applies where disrespectful
words are spoken, because it says, ''where
the complaint is of words disrespectfully
spoken." I take it that it is proper, and it
is done every day here, for Senators to act on
what appears in the Globe as having been said
by members of the House in a respectful man-
ner, and certainly in the address which the
Senator from Tennessee has prepared, and the
reading of which has just been commenced,
there has been no word yet disclosed showing
that the Senator means to speak disrespectfully
of a member of the House. If there should
be words disrespectful used by the Senator,
then only, and not until then, would the rule
apply.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Maine has quoted the words of the rule,
but the Chair looks at them very differently.
The remarks of the Senator from Tennessee
opened by saying that he asked permission
to reply to some aspersions on his character
made by a member of the House of Repre-
sentatives on the 2'2d ultimo. The rule applies:
"Where the complaint is of words disrespect-
fully spoken by a member of another House."
An aspersion on the character of the Senator
from Tennessee is certainly " words disrespect-
fully spoken" of him, and he makes com-
plaint and desires to address the Senate on
the subject.
In regard to the precise point made by the
Senator from New York, the Chair would state,
in reply, that there have been no words dis-
closed yet in this address, nor does the Chair
know what the words are that violate any rule
of the Senate in regard to parliamentary deco-
rum except possibly reference directly to the
proceedings of the other House. But it it is
the pleasure of the Senate that these remarks
shall be made, of course the Chair will con-
form to that pleasure.
Mr. CONKLING. By the permission of
the Chair I should like to say that I intended
to draw the attention of the Chair to the fact
that the honorable Senator from Tennessee
does not, I submit, make complaint of these
words. He refers to the fact that such words
have been uttered, and he says he proposes to
reply to theui. Perhaps he means to reply m
a spirit of complaint; perhaps he means to
reply disrespectfully; but I think we have a
right, as the Chair has now suggested, to
assume that he means to reply, as he has a
right to reply, until the contrary appears.
Mr. MORTON. It seems to me that where
a member of the other House has been per-
mitted by the rules of the House to make
aspersions on the character of a Senator, the
Senator ought at least to have unanimous con-
sent to make a reply to such aspersions as
might be proper in view of the language which
has been employed, and there are circum-
stances connected with the Senator from
Tennessee that would make this especially
proper, and I think he should be allowed to
reply in terms that may be fit and proper in
view of the character of the charges that may
have been made against him. I hope, there-
fore, unanimous consent will be given.
The VICE PRESIDENT. All the Sen-
ators who have spoken appear to regard that
the Senator should proceed with his remarks
until some language is disclosed which will
require the Chair to interfere. The Secretary,
then, will resume the reading.
The Secretary continued the reading of Mr.
Brownlow's speech, as follows:
The Secretary will find them on page 7 of
that issue under the name of " Mr. Beck
"No, sir; I have not time. "VYhen Georgia elected
a Legislature which was Democratic, the President,
through General Terry and his soldiers, re-recon-
structed that State, and put into the Legislature
nineteen IU-puljlicans who had been defeated, turn-
ing out the duly-elected Democratic members, so as
to make it a Republican Legislature. The result is
that her debts and liabilities, as Mr. Angier, the
treasurer, shows, were $50,000,000 when Bulloek left,
many millions of which have been stolen, and are
forever lost to the people of that State. Those two
great States have thus been plundered by men im-
posed upon them by Congress and the President
against their will, and so it has been in nearly all
the southern States. Virginia, it is true, escaped,
as my friend from Indiana [Mr. Vooiuiees] says:
she never fell under Radical rule; and Mississippi
happened to elect one of her own citizens, which
partially saved her for a time. Iu Norih Carolina
Governor llolden was successfully impeached tor
high Climes and misdemeanors; he is now editor of
theGovernment organ at Washington city. Governor
Bullock, of Georgia, resigned his position, and fled
from the State to prevent certain conviction for hko
offenses. Governor Smith, of Alabama, retired in
disgrace, proved to have officially plundered his
State by the illegal and corrupt issue of 8500,000 of
licr bonds to the Alabama and Chattanooga Rail-
road Company; Scott, of South, Carolina, proved
by his own partisans to be a public plunderer, who,
if he escapes impeachment, must buy his corrupt
Legislature; Reed, of Florida, willfully robbing his
State bv illegally placing millions of her bonds in
the hands of such a thief as Littlefield is shown
to be; Clayton, of Arkansas, charged by Radical
officials with all sorts of corruption, and indicted in
a Radical court by a Radical grand jury for the
most flagrant offenses; Warmoth, of Louisiana, if
half that is said against him by his own party friends
be true, is worse than any of them; Brownlqw,
while in Tennessee, making a Pandemonium of
that State; Davis, of Texas, a tyrant and usurper,
who is denounced by his people, regardless ol party,
as a fiend in human form, whose orders and acts are
a disgrace to American civilization—-these are the
men placed by Congress over seven million people
in nine once tree and independent States; men who
areloathed and execrated by the people whose rights,
liberty, and honor it was their duty to protect. Re-
tributive justice is on their track ; some have been
overtaken, the others will be. Hated aud despised,
their only refuge, if they can escape the penitentiary,
seems to be in the Senate of the United States."
I beg leave to state that some ten days had
elapsed after the utterance of these_ remarks
before they were called to my attention : anil
as they assailed my official integrity while Gov-
ernor of Tennessee I have delayed my response
in onlerto receive from home some facts which
prove their recklessness and falsity.
The charges of Mr. Beck are, in general
terms, that the southern States have "been
plundered by men imposed upon them bjr
Congress and the President against their will,"
with particular reference to myself as " Browx-
low, while in Tennessee, making a Pandemo-
nium of that State; " and in order that I may
not escape the imputations of a want of integ-
rity or unmitigated scoundrelisia which he
huiis at the southern governments, lie further
says:
"These are the men placed by Congress over
seven million people in nine once ireo and independ-
ent States; men who are loathed and execrated by
