1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1933
trado carried on exclusively with ;i, view fco profit.'*
s * * * "Maoaulayhasadmittedthatmuch
of his reputation and of the sale of his books at
homo has beon in consequence of his reputation
here." K :t! • " If the people of England
are largely indebted to America for being made
acquainted with the merits of their authors, are not
the authors also indebted to America for much of
their pecuniary reward?" * « • s. ■'£(,
has it been with Mr. Dickens.''
Now, while it is barely possible that a thief
may satisfy a man whom he has robbed by
subsequent lavish praises of him, it is not at all
conceivable that anv amount of laudation can
atone for the moral delinquency of the thief
himself, which led to the perpetration of the
robbery.
Mr. Carey next argues that an international
copyright would increase our dependence on
foreigners for the means of instruction and
amusement; and seems to think he proves it
by simply stating that English authors would
not be so anxious for it unless it would have
this effect. It is not usual, he says, for men
to seek to diminish the dependence of others
on themselves. Is it not a little singular that
Mr. Carey should not once have thought of
the bare possibility that the motive of those
English authors in advocating an international
copyright was to get a modicum of the money
long due them on this side of the Atlantic?
Particularly should Mr. Carey have thought
of this, for the reason that he hsd just before
written this sentence, with what justice I leave
my hearers to judge:
" la England, more than in any other country,
book-making is a trade, carried on exclusively with
a view to profit."
He goes on to say:
" Admitting, ho   ever, that the measure should not
in any manner endanger existing privileges, what
would be tho gain to our authors in obtaining the
control of ttie British market compared with what
they would lose from surrendering tho control of
our own?"
This is decidedly sarcastic, whether so in-
tended or not. Surrender the control of our
own market, indeed! How can they "sur-
render" that which they never had, and,ifMr.
Carey is to carry his point, never can have?
Is it not a notorious fact that our book market
is "controlled," and has been "controlled''
for years, by the floods of pirated English
books reprinted hero, which sell at prices
little more than nominal?—-a condition of
things which, more than all other things com-
bined, tends to discourage and ruin our native
authors.
But let us examine a little more minutely
into tho correctness of Mr. Carey's charge
against authors, that they appropriate to them-
selves public property, dress it up, and then
claim it as their own. For this purpose we
will select the novelists, for two reasons : first,
because it is becoming every year more obvious
that the novel is destined to be, ere long, the
gr^at vehicle for conveying thought to the pub-
lic, taking the place of other thought-vehicles
almost as completely as the railroad train has
superseded the lumbering wagon in supplying
the consumers of material produce; and, sec-
ondly, because Mr. Carey is fond of directing
against this particular class of producers his
charge of unfair dealing and greed of gain.
And I will, for this purpose, instance the very
novelist8 whom he names.
Scott, when he was about to undertake a work
of fiction, would start out on foot, staff in hand,
on a long and weary tramp among the peas-
antry and mountaineers of his native land.
Seated, incognito, among them at their own
firesides, he would store his memory with their
romantic legends and the wild superstitions of
the particular vicinity, or traditions of the long
ago. Thus freighted with what would, to any
but a genius, be at most the amusement of an
hour, to be soon then thrown aside as so much
rubbish, the " Great Unknown'' returned to
his home and his study, and in a few weeks
there would come forth from thence one of
those magic tales which, always written in the
interest of nobleness and virtue, tended greatly
to lift the world above its creeping desires,
and to awaken its aspirations for a higher type
of humanity.
Thackeray, with his keen observation and
his deep knowledge of human nature, went into
society, and when he returned to his sanctum
there was such an exposure of vanities and
such a slaughter of snobs as was never before
seen.
Dickens sallied forth into the narrow and
filthy lanes of great cities, as Scott had invaded
nature's fastnesses, and gathered from the
hungrylips and benighted hearts of squalid
poverty the story of oppression and wrong,
and out of the repulsive materials wove, with
the busy looms of his brain, tales of such
touching pathos as have not only made "the
whole world kin," but have made it far better
than it would have been had he never lived.
Charlotte Bronte. George Eliot, and a host
of others, founded those stories that have
stirred the world, on "facts,'' as Mr. Carey
would call them, even slighter than those just
alluded to, and which had been gathered by
the simple use of their eyes and ears during
their ordinary intercourse with society.
Our own Hawthorne heard a friend casually
remark that an ancestor of his had seen a sad-
looking woman standing on a street corner
with the letter "A" branded, in red lines, on her
breast. Prom this alone he wove the weird
tale of the Scarlet Letter, which has opened
to our view depths of the human heart never
before exposed. Almost as trivial was the
origin of the same author's Marble Faun and
the House of the Seven Gables.
The fact is, genius owes but little to exter-
nals for the material out of which it weaves
those potent spells that enchain us—-well-nigh
as little, indeed, as did the bard of Avon when
he drew out of his own vast brain alone, un-
aided by fact, tradition, or suggestion from
others, the. whole beautiful drama of the
Tempest,
Were it not for the palpable unfitness, as
before explained, of comparing tangible with
intangible objects, I might liken fiction-writers
and poets to the bees, which go out from our
hives and spend many a busy hour in gathering
sweets from our gardens and orchards—thefts
which do neither ourselves nor our flowers any
manner of harm; thefts, indeed, which we
habitually encourage, for the sake of hearing
their gentle hum among us and around us,
during the brief time they occupy in passing
from flower to flower. But further than this
the comparison fails ; for, in consideration of
having furnished the bee with a house to live
in, (an act of generosity which, I am sorry to
say, has few counterparts in the dealings of
society with authors,) we come forward as soon
as his year's work is finished, and claim a
share of the luscious treasure which he has
created out of materials that, but for him,
would have been to us of no use whatever.
The author, indeed, may be more appro-
priately compared to the wild bee of the far
West leading the van of civilization. The lat-
ter is not dependent on man for anything
whatsoever. He not only gathers his store
from nature's own flowers, but he finds a home
in her hollow tree. It is, however, no uncom-
mon event on that wild frontier that, right in
the midst of the little worker's enjoyment of
his hard-earned store, at the very moment,
perhaps, when he is fondly contemplating ease
and plenty for the remaindor of his brief
life, up climbs bruin, who has long been nosing
from below the tempting treasure, or licking
up a few drops of its delicious overflow, and
devours it all at a meal.
Now, is it unjust to say that when Mr.
Carey's puhlic, for any other reason than to
reimburse itself for the expenses incurred in
protecting the author from plunder, or from
molestation in the enjoyment of his property,
undertakes to appropriate his work to its own
use, (it matters not when ;) I ask, is it unjust
to pronounce that same public a veritable
bear, and that of the roughest sort—one who
finds iti the length of his nails and the strength
of his jaws a vindication of the motto, '' Might
makes right? "
The simple truth is, the author has a right,
an absolute right, in his books, precisely such
as he has in his house or his land. Literary-
property being, however, a peculiar kind of
property, and requiring for its protection legis-
lation altogether different from that required
for houses and lands, and complicated and
expensive withal, the author is willing to com-
promise with the public by an arrangement
of this nature : "I have a natural and abso-
lute right in my book," he will say, "yet,
inasmuch as it can be of little or no use to
me without due protection, I will, at the end
of a specified time, hand it over to you as
your property in fee. if you will but guarantee
me the unmolested possession of it until tho
expiration of that time." As the owner of
houses and lands pays into the public Treas-
ury a certain tax, with the tacit understand-
ing that these possessions are to be protected
from encroachment, just so does the author,
by surrendering his right after a certain speci-
fied time, virtually pay a tax on his' literary
property on the same condition of protec-
tion.
It is ftvident that the present aversion of
legislators to concede the absoluteness of an
author's claim to his literary property is a
relic of the barbarous ages. It was difficult
for tho human mind, as it was then constituted
and environed, to comprehend how a com-
modity that was intangible could, with justice,
be claimed as property at all. Therefore, the
author has ever since been grudgingly allowed
a degree of protection barely sufficient to in-
duce him to labor in his chosen field, and too
often, indeed, not even that degree has been
accorded him. But in the present state of
progressiveness it is becoming more and-more
evident to the educated and intelligent—a class
constantly increasing among us—that cncoui-
agement should be given ou a more libeial
basis. And, indeed, when we reflecthow much
authors have benefited the human rac?, it
seems passing strange that the various Gov
ernments under which they have lived should
ever have treated them otherwise than with
the utmost liberality.
Tenfold more strange is it that, in thes?
much-vaunted times of progress, these days
of munificent endowments made with the view
of advancing the interests of humanity, there
should be found men who would dole out to
authors a bare subsistence, cramp them with
a niggardly stinting, as though they were &
power of evil in the land requiring restraint,
instead of benefactors, who should be right
royally rewarded for the inestimable good
they have already done, and encouraged, by
generous legislation, to continue their good
works in the future. How many hard hearts
have been humanized by the writings of Charles
Dickens, hearts which, but for him, had never
| felt a kindly throb. What, a host of that intol-
erable nuisance, the society snob, have been
abated by the manly pen of William Makepeace
Thackeray, And so on through the long illus
trious list of both men and women, all labor-
ing in their several spheres, some for the sup-
pression of the rampant evils that afflict our
race, others for the evolution of some latere
good pressed «ell-nigh to death by the weight-
of the common curse, and needing bold hands
! to snatch it from immediate extinction, and
a fostering touch for its development when
' rescued. Each one of them all, even the least
: of them, has improved our hearts, abated our
1 nuisances, or elevated our souls above the
I world's distracting strifes and sordid aspira-
; tions.
; Justice will never be done until every deai-
' zen of Christendom who purchases a copy r>f
