1038
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
the people whose rights, liberty, and honor it was
their duty to protect. Retributive justice is on
their track; some have been overtaken, the others
will be. Hated and-despised, their only refuge, if
they can escape the penitentiary, seems to be in the
Senate of the United States."
As I am one of the two Governors alluded
to, now Senators of the United States, these
general charges apply to me, and I cannot
permit them to go unanswered to the country.
I have had nothing to do with the adminis-
tration of any other State than the one I have
the honor to represent in part in the Senate ;
and shall therefore confine my reply to that
portion of Mr. Beck's remarks which asperse
the government of Tennessee and myself per-
sonally.
There was a time in the history of my life
when Mr. Beck would not have dared to put
this or any other insult upon me, for fear I
would have taken from his hand the slave-
whip with which, as overseer on a Kentucky
plantation, he was accustomed to whip negroes
for pay, and laid it across his own back. The
code by which the gentlemen of Kentucky were
governed in those days, having in it certain
principles of honor, would not have reached
low enough down in the social scale to find
his level; for when he abandoned the honor-
able pursuit of hostler in a livery stable to
become a slave-driver he betrayed the posses-
sion of qualities which the gentlemen of old
Kentucky never ceased to despise.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
state that he regards this language as language
which could not be regarded as in order if
addressed by one Senator to another on the
floor; and therefore, regretting that he is com
pelled to do it in performance of duty to him-
self, he reads again from page 232 of the
Manual, to which he has already drawn the
attention of the Senate:
" Therefore it is the duty of the House, and more
particularly of the Speaker"—
Which, of course, means the Presiding
Officer here—
" to interfere immediately, and not to permit ex-
pressions to go unnoticed which may give a ground
of complaint in the other House, and introduce pro-
ceedings and mutual accusations between the two
Houses, which can hardly be terminated without
difficulty and disorder."
Of course, if these remarks were consented
to by the Chair, a reply to them would be as
much in order in the House. It is for the
Senate to decide.
Mr. BLAIR. I hope 110 objection will be
interposed, but that the Senator will be allowed
to proceed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Missouri asks unanimous consent that
the Secretary shall continue the reading not-
withstanding the point made by the Chair. Ts
there objection ? The Chair hears none.
Mr. POMEROY. This reflection, I notice, is
not simply upon the Senator from Tennessee,
but it is upon the Senate itself. The House
has allowed the Senate itself to be insulted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair would
state that the precedents in Hatsell are very
numerous to the point that when aspersions
are made on one House itself it must bring
the matter to the notice of the other House
by distinct resolution ; so much so that on sev-
eral occasions they have postponed all busi-
ness until disputes between the two Houses
have been settled where the aspersions were
on one House itself. The Secretary will
resume the reading, as unanimous consent of
the Senate is granted.
Mr. CASSERLY. I should like to inquire
from the Vice President whether there is any
precedent within his knowledge for the use of
such language by a Senator on this floor against
a member of the other House?
The VICE PRESIDENT. That is a matter
which the Chair must answer not as a question
of parliamentary law but as a question of rec-
ollection.
Mr. CASSERLY, Of history.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair must
reply that he has on several occasions, in the
fifteen years that he has been here, seen re-
marks of this character printed in the Globe
relative to Senators and Representatives in
regard to matters on which there was some
personal excitement.
Mr. BLAIR. I think there is abundant pre-
cedent for any Senator here, who came here
by the same means with the Senator from
Tennessee, being allowed to use such character
of language as he deems fit in regard to the
means by which he came here.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair does
not understand the reference of the Senator
from Missouri. The words themselves are
general in their character; but unanimous
consent of the Senate has been granted for
the Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Browni.ow]
to proceed. The Secretary will resume the
reading.
The Secretary continued the reading of Mr.
Brownlow's speech as follows:
If the overseers of Kentucky whipped the
negroes under their slave system of labor, the
gentlemen from Kentucky, be it said to their
credit, sometimes whipped the overseers;
they did not fight with them. Their code of
honor forbade it. But both of these methods
have gone out of date, and in the upheavals
of the civil war we find men who were once
overseers aspiring to the seats formerly filled
by Clay and Crittenden, denouncing the Senate
as a house of refuge for thieves, and yet can-
vassing their States to secure a seat in it. If
it be a mere refuge from the penitentiary, why,
I would like to ask, is Mr. Beck so anxious to
come to the Senate ? Is he affrighted by the
rapidly closing career of his Democratic com-
patriots, Boss Tweed, Peter B. Sweeny, Con-
nolly, and Hall ? Does the shadow of Sing
Sing reach all the way to Kentucky? Does it
forewarn him of his impending doom, that he
should strive to find a refuge here, like the
guilty king of England, who exclaimed :
"Bythe apostle Paul, shadows to-night
Have struck more terror to the soulof Richard,
Than can the substance of ten thousand soldiers 1"
I am a refugee, and while the short limit
of my life endures cannot recover from its
outward signs. These feeble limbs that need
assistance to bring me to this Chamber; these
palsied hands that ask for help to write; my
whispering voice that cannot speak my thoughts,
all bear testimony to the fact—I am a refugee.
It is a coward's part to call me one, but yet I
hold the title as an honor.
I first became a refugee on the 5th day of
November, 1861, having remained at my home
in Knoxville defending the cause of my coun-
try against organized treason at the risk of my
life until that day. How I had escaped immo-
lation I do not know, except that it was in the
mercy of God's providence which sustained
me in my efforts to put down a hell-born rebel-
lion. My paper had been suppressed and my
arrest for treason against the southern con-
federacy determined upon.
In my last issue of the Knoxville Whig,
dated October 24, 1861,1 addressed my sub-
scribers in the following terms:
" I shall in no degree feel humbled by being east
into prison whenever it is the will and pleasure of
this august Government to put me there: but on the
contrary, I shall feel proud of my confinement. I
shall go to jail as John Rodgers went to the stake—
for my principles. I shall go because I have failed
to recognize the hand of God in the work of break-
ing up the American Government, and the inaugu-
rationof themostwicked,cruel,unnatural, and un-
called-forwareverrecordedin history. I go because
I have refused to laud to the skies the acts of tyranny,
usurpation, and oppression inflicted upon the peo-
ple of East Tennessee for their devotion to the Con-
stitution and laws of the Government handed down
to them by their fathers, and the liberties secured to
them by a war of seven long years of gloom, poverty,
and trial." * «•   * "Exchanging with
proud satisfaction the editorial chair and the sweet
endearments of home for a cell in the prison or the
lot of an exile, I have the honor to be, &a„
WILLIAM G. BROWNLOW,
h/Uitor of Knoxoi/te Whig,"
The utterance of words like these made me
a "refugee," and on the 6th of the succeeding
month I found a hiding place from the blood-
hounds of rebellion in the smoky mountains
which separate North Carolina from Tennessee,
beyond the precints of civilization. Amid
the high summits of this rango, and in one of
their deep gorges where 110 vehicle had ever
penetrated, I found a temporary, refuge until
rebel scouts discovered my hiding-place. I
was then induced by false promises of protec-
tion and being sent through the lines to deliver
myself up to the rebel authorities of the con-
federacy m Tennessee, but they treacherously
threw me into prison. I will not detail the
dreary horrors of that incarceration, in which
I saw men led from my side to an execution I
expected daily to share; others dying of fever;
the agonized cries of wives and children of
men sent to death for loving their country.
I, who was second to no man in strength and
vigor of body and constitution, came out of
prison sick, and have never recovered from
the shock my system there received.
After this I was exiled by the rebel govern-
ment, sent through their lines, and became a
refugee north of the Ohio, while he who assails
me did what? I had liked to have said he
doffed his rebel uniform and joined the array
of traitors to fight against his country; but
that would be paying an undeserved tribute
to a courage he never possessed. He obtained
his commission, he got his uniform and equip-
ments ready, but he never wore them. Like
Falstaff, he thought "discretion the better part
of valor," and skulked. Whipping Union sol-
diers was a different sort of pastime from whip-
ping slaves, as the most courageous overseer
thought twice before a fighting game in which
the opposite party held as good a hand as he.
I returned to my home with Burnside's
army, and when at last the voice of the loyal
people of Tennessee could be heard through
the ballot-box, they gave me a "refuge" in the
gubernatorial chair of that State. I was not
put there by Congress and the President.
After the expiration of my term of service the
same people reelected me to a second guber-
natorial term by over fifty-two thousand ma-
jority, and before the expiration of that term
the Legislature sent me to this " refuge."
There were some extraordinary expenses,
but very necessary ones, which the State had
to incur during my administration, resulting
from the destruction of State property by the
rebels. Among the first of my duties was to
rebuild the penitentiary, a large portion of
which the Democracy had burnt down in 1864,
perhaps from a desire to have the leaders of
their party at large. This was adding to the
| State's indebtedness, but should not be charged
i to my account. The State lunatic asylum was
dilapidated, and its splendid grounds and val
: uable farm property of hundreds of acres run
I down. These had to be renovated, and a new
1 building had to be erected to provide for the
i colored insane, no provision having been
made for them before. The school fund had
been appropriated to purposes of treason.
All over the State rebellion had done its bale-
ful work of destruction. The asylum for the
deaf and dumb children of the State had been
occupied as a hospital, its furniture destroyed
and property injured, and appropriations for
its support and repairing had to be made.
Railroads were worn out, their rolling-stock
destroyed and run south : bridges destroyed ;
depots demolished, and I was compelled to
rebuild; and he who charges that in anything
I did I was animated by other than a sincere
desire to serve my State, or that I had an itch-
ing palm, or that one cent of the people's
money, other than my limited salary, was
I appropriated to my own uses, is, without qual-
ification, an unmitigated liar.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The reading
will_ be suspended. The morning hour has
expired, and the resolution of the Senator
