2830
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If ray colleague
on the Committee on Appropriations [Mr.
Hale] desires a postponement of this report,
1 certainly have no personal preference of my
my own to oppose to it.
Mr. HALE. I do not wish the postpone-
ment put on that ground at all.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. If it shall go
over I shall desire to have it printed.
Mr. SARGENT. Can it be called up at
any time ?
Mr. DICKEY. Of course the understand-
ing is that it will not be called up to morrow.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I consent to
the postponement with the understanding that
I lose none of my rights in connection withit.
TheSPEAKEK. If it is printed and recom-
mitted to the committee of conference it will
lose none of its privilege.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I make that
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
government dock, new york.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, reported back a
letter of the Secretary of the Treasury, recom-
mending the erection of a building on the
Government dock at New York, and moved
that the committee be discharged from the
further consideration of the same, and that
it be _ referred to the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds.
The motion was agreed to.
john nicuman.
Mr. SPEER. of Pennsylvania. There is a
pension bill which I neglected to report to the
House on Wednesday evening last. I ask
unanimous consent to report it now for consid-
eration at this time,
No objection was made.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, accordingly
reported back from the Committee on Invalid
Pensions, with a recommendation that the
same do pass, House bill No. 1802, granting a
pension to John Nichman.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Interior
to place on the pension-roll, subject to the
provisions and limitations of the pension laws,
the name of John Nichman, late a private in
company I, iifty-sixth regiment Pennsylvania
volunteers, and now residing at Gettysburg,
Pennsylvania, and pay him a pension of eight
dollars per month from and after the passage
of this act.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read athird lime; and being engrossed, it was
uccordingly read the third tune, and passed.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider bo laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
okdiir of business for to-mollkow.
Mr. SARGENT. Mr. Speaker, I wish to
make a proposition that the House meet to-
morrow as in Committee of the Whole for
debate only on the tariff bill.
The SPEAKER. There is objection to that,
as the Chair understands.
Mr. BECK. I object to it. I intend that
we shall have a quorum here to-morrow, if
possible.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. BUCKLEY, from the Committee on
Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
of the following titles; when the Speaker
signed tho same:
T„An act (S. No. 850) granting a pension to
Eliza Whiting ;
A" act (S- -No. 954) granting a pension to
William Hutchison, minor son of Joseph
Hutchison, deceased; and
An act (S. No. 989) granting a pension to
John Carbaugh, a private of company A, forty-
sixth regiment Pennsylvania volunteers.
removal 01? osage indians.
Mr. SHANKS. I ask unanimous consent
that the Committee on Indian Affairs be dis-
charged from the further consideration of a
communication from the Secretary of the In-
terior, transmitting an estimate of an appro-
priation required to defray certain expenses
connected with the removal of the Osage In-
dians, and that the same be referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
There being no- objection, it was ordered
accordingly.
leave or absence.
Mr. Braxton, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave of absence for one day; Mr.
Snapp for ten days; Mr. Leach for one week ;
Mr. Hale and Mr. Duke for one day.
withdrawal 03? papers.
Mr. MAYNARD, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to withdraw from the files of
the House papers in the case of Dr. P. A.
Cardwell.
Mr. AMBLER. I call for the regular order.
Mr. GARFIELD, of Ohio. I move that
the House now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and forty minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
petitions.
The following petitions were presented under
the rule, and referred to the appropriate com-
mittees :
By Mr. MOREY : The petition of John Mc-
Bnery, of Ouachita parish, Louisiana, asking
to be relieved of the political disabilities
under which he now labors; also the recom-
mendation of prominent citizens of Monroe,
Louisiana, to the same end.
By Mr. PERRY, of New York : The peti-
tion of James Moore and others, of the city
of Albany, to allow disabled soldiers and sea-
men increased pensions.
By Mr. RANDALL: The petition of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, asking the passage of
House bill No. 1738, allowing totally and par-
tially disabled soldiers and seamen increased
pensions.
Also, the petition and papers in the case of
Rear Admiral Walke, asking remuneration
for the successful blockade and consequent
surrender of the rebel steamer Rappahannock,
alias Beatrice, in behalf of himself and his
officers and crews.
By Mr. SPEER, of Georgia: The petition
of A. A. Lemons, of Henry county, Georgia,
asking the removal of his political disabilities.
By Mr. SWANN: The petition of Ross
Winans and Thomas Winans, of Baltimore,
praying the passage of an act authorizing
the extension of their patent for the improve-
ment of the hulls of iron steamers.
IN SENATE.
Saturday, April 27, 1872.
Prayer by Rev. W. R. Davis, D. D., of
Leavenworth, Kansas.
The Secretary proceeded to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday's proceedings.
Mr. RAMSEY. I presume there is no desire
to hear the Journal read through.
Mr. CASSERLY. I do not think there are
ten members of the Senate present at this
moment.
' The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California objects, and the reading of
Journal will be resumed.
Mr. RAMSEY. Unless the Senator from
California has some particular reason for
desiring the Journal of yesterday's proceed-
ings to be read I should like to have the oppor-
tunity to explain a bill this morning.
Mr. CASSERLY. My objection is to ten
members of the Senate engaging in legisla-
tion.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not propose any legis-
lation at this time.
•The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Minnesota desires fifteen minutes to
speak upon a bill reported from the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. CASSERLY. I certainly cannot press
the objection if that is the object.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the Senator
withdraws the objection, the reading of the
Journal will be dispensed with, and the Chair
will submit the question to the Senate whether
the Senator from Minnesota shall have fifteen
minutes in which to explain a bill. Nothing
will come up during that time. The Chair
hears no objection, and the Senator from
Minnesota will proceed.
postal telegraph.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move, then, to take up
the bill (S. No. 341) to reduce the rates of
correspondence by telegraph, and to connect
the telegraph with the postal service. I simply
call it up at this time for the purpose of enter-
ing into some explanation of the features of
the bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 341) to reduce the rates of correspondence
by telegraph, and to connect the telegraph with
the postal service, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole.
The Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads reported an amendment to strike out
all after the enacting clause and insert the
following:
That for the purpose of facilitating and expediting
the exchange ot correspondence, telegrams shall bo
received at every post office, and transmitted by tele-
graph between all postal telegraph offices, in the
manner herein prescribed. The Postmaster General
shall, as soon as practicable, establish telegraph offi-
ces at all post offices on telegraphic circuits and at
every other post office within ten miles of any cir-
cuit, the gross receipts of which for postage are not
less than $500 per annum. And he shall, from time
to time, establish telegraph offices at such post offices
as shall herealtercome within the provisions of this
section, and at such other places as the wants of
business may require. The postal telegraph offices
shall be divided into classes according to the amount
of business, and he may, from time to time, make
regulations fixing the hours when eaeh class of offi-
ces shall be kept open for the transmission of tele-
grams; he may also establish places of deposit for
telegrams, to be collected with the ordinary collec-
tion of letters, or as much oftener as he may direct;
and such telegrams, if prepaid according to the re-
quirements ot this act, shall be forthwith dispatched
by telegraph to their destination.
Sec. 2. That the charge for the transmission of
telegrams by the Postmaster General in the United
otates shal I be uniform for equal distances at a rate
not exceeding one cent a word for each circuit
through which it shall be transmitted, to be com-
puted as follows, namely: for distances under five
hundred miles, two hundred and fifty miles shall be
deemed a circuit; for greater distances, five hun-
dred miles shall be deemed a circuit; for telegrams
directed to be tiansmitted by night, one thousand
miles shall be deemed a circuit; all words shall be
counted, and no communication shall be transmit-
ted at a rate less than twenty-live cents. These rates
sli&ll cover the cost of immediate and special deliv-
ery within one mile of the telegraph office, or within
the town postal delivery, and of transmission by
mail when received at or destined for any place
wiierotaere is no postal telegraph office. But when
the addressee lives beyond said delivery, such tel-
egram shall be delivered through the usual letter
delivery, or by special messenger, upon payment of
ajust and proper sum,to be fixed by the Postmaster
General, lhe Postmaster General shall prescribe
rules tor the transmission of telegrams insufficiently
prepaid, and for the charges to be collected thereon,
ana lor the repayment ot the amount received for
telegrams m which there is a mistake or delay in
u i^iansi?lss:ion or delivery thereof, which amount
shall be charged to the delinquent party. Official
telegrams between the several Departments of the
v^o vernment and their officers and agents shall have
priority in transmissions, at rates to be fixed by the
Postmaster General. All other messages shall be
transmitted in the order in which they are received,
excepting registered telegrams, on which double
rates sha.ll be prepaid, which shall have priority of
transmission, and excepting telegrams directed to
be transmitted by night.
sec. 3. That the charges for the transmission of
A?itfraWs shall be prepaid by stamps. The Post-
master General shall cause a proper supply of stamps
ana stamped paper of suitable denominations to be
prepared and sold where postage and revenud
