87*26
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
assizes; not, true, to such a ferocious degree,
but ill form and manner the same.
But, sir, in the case of these untutored lads,
who apparently, from their own confession,
entered into a conspiracy, eighteen months
imprisonment svnd a fineot $100 strikes me as
being a pretty severe punishment. I know
little about Judge Bond personally. I believe
him to be an able mail. I am so advised. He
is the judge of this circuit, and was appointed
no doubt with reference to his ahiliiy and his
■willingness to execute the duties of his office
under the laws made for the purpose of ruling,
controlling, and subjugating the southern peo-
ple. Tins may be considered strong language;
but no one can read this very bill itself with-
out coming to the conclusion that that is the
only intent, it is to maintain political power.
It is to secure a hold on the people that will
give you, the dominant party, cuntrol of the
souihern States. It is to give you the control
of i he ballot box there, so that witli the aid of a
sufficient nu in her of northern Slates you may
beable to maintain yourselves in power. When
you have obtained ttiat, surely then upon all
otker matters it may be that, we may get along
very well, as we do m this Chamber generally,
ana as we have done during ibis whole session
until the little episode this evening. Then
you care not, then you can tolerate. But, sir,
the time is now that this power must be man-
ilested; it is to be manifested this fall, and all
the enginery of legislation will be brought to
bear in seouiing successful results, and no
other means will be spared.
When the honorable Senator from Indiana
undertook to say that the rebels, as he calls
them, retused to come into tiie leconstruciion
policy of the dominant parly, you all know
what that honorable Senator meant. It meant
that they refused to come into the fold of the
llepublieau patty, to cast Republican ballois,
ami to give the honorable Senator and his
friends the permanent control of this Govern-
ment.
Air. President, I recur again. I do not like
to see this great writ ot right, lor the preserva-
tion of which the people ot England slied their
blood, and have ever kept guard over ltwiiha
Sacred vigilance; winch has been stamped
upon every page of their history, so that their
childieu are brought up io look upon it as the
gieat palladium ol their liberty—I repeat it,
I do not like to see ilns gieat writ, and I say
it With ail tespect to my lellow-Senalors on
this floor, made the plaything or the instru-
ment of partisans, ami for puicly political
ends. It is a pad iiifling with great things.
What lebellion is there to suppress? What
insun ettion, what invasion, what domestic
violence is there that you cannot suppiess
without the suspension of that writ? what
does the suspension give you in iaet and in
addition to what you have got? You have
your Army without it, you have your Navy
without it, you have your Governors and all the
paraphernalia of the law to arrest and try and
punish the people in the southern State.-*, and
you can do without it and do ali these things,
tool ihen why trifle thus? Why confer upon
the Execuii\c this supreme power of suspend-
ing this piivilege we all piize so much, and
that it is our highest duty to guard against all
encroachments V
Now, Mr. Pre.-ident, to come toanother sub-
ject, I desire to draw the attention of Senators
to the law we parsed the other day as an
amendment to the election law. We have had
that law in process ot execution iu Maryland,
and our expet tence shows that when you com-
mit one enor there is no difficulty in commit-
ting another, and when you yield an atom of
power an ell is taken. There is no limitation,
theie is no control when once you yield a prin-
ciple in the eye of power.
We all know tl.at the act to enforce the
right of citizens to vote iu ilie several States
ol this Union, &e., was passed for the pur-
pose of enforcing the fifteenth amendment;
and in this connection allow me to call the
attention of the Senate to the exact wording
of that amendment:
"The right of a citizen of the United Sta+es to
vote shall not be denied or abridged by the United
States or by any State on account of race, color, or
previous condition of servitude."
So that the whole gravamen of that amend-
ment rests upon "race, color, or previous con-
dition of servitude." The act, however, that
you passed for the purpose of enforcing that
amendment and securing the electoral privi-
lege to the colored element used this language:
'•An equal opportunity to perforin such pre-
requisite for registration, and to become qual-
ified to vote without distinction of "race,
color, or previous condition of servitude."
Thus instead of the phrase "on account of
race, color, or previous condition of servitude,"
you incorporated in the law the words " with-
out distinction of race, color, or previous con-
dition of servitude." You incorporated that
word "without" instead of the words "on
account of," the very language of the fifteenth
amendment, and that change has entailed trial,
imprisonment, injury, and wrong upon a most
estimable citizen of my State. 1 call attention
to the charge made by the judge to the jury
on the trial of that gentleman, Mr. Murdoch,
recently in the city of Baltimore, indicted for
corruptly refusing to give to colored men, or
to men generally, equal opportunities to regis-
ter as voters with otheis. I desire to show
the Senate how the United Stales district
"court at Baltimore construed that section and
to show what Congress has unwittingly or de-
signedly done iti the enforcement of the fif-
teenth amendment. Instructions for the jury
were asked by the counsel for the traverser in
that case, and the instruction was given. The
fii>t was, and the only one to winch I shall
refer, lor an exposition of what I am eudeav-
oiing to show:
" First. If the jury find that the parties, or either
of them named in the indictment, by means ot an
erroneous judgment or determination of the trav-
erser, were not luruUhed with the sauie and equal
opportunities enjoyed by others to become regis-
tered voters, they onnnot on that account find him
guilty under this indictment, but tlio jury must
further believe that, j-ueh error of judgment or de-
teiniinalion waswillfully and knowingly Ulitde with
intent to deprive theui of the same andequal oppor-
tunities to become registered voters, and on account
ot thetr race, color, or previous cou dition of servi-
tude."
In this prayer you have the very words of
the fifteenth amendment, " on account of race,
color, or previous condition of servitude;" but
the court in granting this instruction to the
jury struck out those words, leaving it for
that jury to find the fact without regard to
color, race, or servitude, *thns by one fell
swoop gathering into the fold of the Federal
jurisdiction every ease of registration and of
voting in local elections, for this was purely a
State election, for State officers only. By this
construction of the law. in every case where
a colored man undertaking to register or vote
was prevented from doing so the registrar or
judge of election is responsible to the Federal
authority, although the fact of his color had
nothing whatever to do with his rejection as a
voter, and it is because we put in the law the
words "without distinction of race, color, or
previous condition of servitude" instead of the
words "on account of race," for the latter
would have brought home to the traverser in
the case the special cause of offense as set
forth in the fifteenth amendment, and of course
it must be proven on the trial as it is averred
in the indictment, and it must be so averred
in the indictment that it. was on account of
his color, race, or previous condition of servi
tude that the party was refused to be regis-
tered or had not equal opportunities to be
registered.
i'lie insertion of that word "without" in
lieu of the words " on account of" in the law
gives to the Federal authorities control of all
State registrars and judges of election, and if
they in any manner or on any occasion reject
any man at all, white or black, and for any
cause, the Federal authorities, with their grasp
of power, will hold them responsible in their
tribunals.
We see now how this assumption of au-
thority goes on. We here see that the Federal
authority, when once power is granted to it by
this kind of laws, how they exercise it, to the
infliction of every kind of wrong and injustice;
and we see a jury instructed under this statute,
passed, as it was supposed, to enforce the
fifteenth amendment, that if they should find
that a registrar, not given equal opportunities
for registration with others, from whatever
cause, so that it was corrupt, that then the
jury should pay no regard to the fact that they
were of any race, color, or previous condition
of servitude, or that he was refused registra-
tion because of either of these conditions.
I bring this matter to the attention of the
Senate and the country. If the court so ad-
judging is iti error as to the true construction
of this law because of its wording, and it hes-
itates to say that the act is unconstitutional,
as not conforming in the cause of offense to
the fifteenth amendment, I hope we may
remedy the detect and make it conform to the
fifteenth amendment, as it ought to do, if we
intend by legislative action to carry it into
execution.
Mr. President, I might say much more on
this subject; but 1 do not desire to detain the
Senate. I have said what I have said in a
hasty, desultory manner. I have given my
views briefly iu order that they may st and upon
the record against this monstrous bill. It is
a monstrous bill, in my judgment, and in the
name of my State and of my people, some
of them now suffeiing under the infliction of
wrongs caused by kindred legislation, 1 protest
against the passage of this measure. It will
be for the people finally to determine the right
and the wrong of all this for themselves. I
trust the people will see by the contest made
against it here and by a deliberate judgment
pas-ed upon the acts of to-dav that in the
language of the honorable Senator from Wis-
consin, if he preferred his party to his coun-
try he would rather not pass this bill, thus
acknowledging the apprehension upon his part
that the poople are not yet willing to yield up
this gteat heritage of theirs to executive dis-
cretion and control.
Mr. SA.ULSBURY. Mr. President, I did
not intend to occupy any of the time of the
Senate on this question. I discussed at some
length the subject when the original bill was
before us at the last session and have no dis-
position to do so now ; but 1 cannot consent
that a measureof this kind shall pass this body
without at least entering my protest against its
enactment. Sir, I take occasion to say that
I am proud to be associated with gentlemen
ou this floor who are raising their voices in
protest against a measure so iniquitous and
monstrous. While we are in a minority here,
we have struggled to oppose this legislation
which isstrikiug down the very liberties of the
people of this country; we have interposed
by our votes and our voice in behalf of the
rights of the people and in defense of that
liberty secured to us by our fathers.
Now, Mr. President, what is proposed by
this bill? The bill now under consideration
proposes to continue the enactment of April,
X8T1. What are the provisions of that law?
It undertakes in substance to declare that cer-
tain crimes enumerated therein shall be deemed
rebellion. " liebelliou " has a fixed and defi-
nite meaning, and was understood at the time
of the adoption of the Federal Constitution to
be armed resi*tance to rightful authority. It
is something different from the mere existence
of ordinary crimes; and yet the language of
the act of April, 1871, is that certain acts
therein enumerated shall be deemed rebellion,
