1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1935
writers, (however great tlieir real merit might
prove if once before, the public,) pick out
from ihe already tested transatlantic importa-
tions whichever of them he thinks, or rather
knows, now that they have gone through the
trying ordeal of the reviewers, will best pay
him,and issue them as speedily as possible.
To this, however, there is often a serious
drawback, for frequently a foreign author is so
very popular that a half dozen American pub-
lishers, disregarding what are known as the
courtesies of the trade," that is, disregarding
the fact that some other publisher may have
paid the author for the advance sheets of his
work, issue ail edition of his book simultane-
ously, this vast supply has, of course, some-
thing of the elfect of a young avalanche rustl-
ing down the book-trading channels, then
spreading out to well-nigh every house in the
iaud. The consequence of all this is that the
publishers strive to undersell each other that
they may get. off their supply before there is
a glut of the article on the market. The works
of the most popular English authors are thus
reduced to a mere nominal price. But per-
haps the worst of it is that, while the pub-
lisher is only an occasional sufferer from this
source, the native author, being thus brought
into constant competition with the most bril-
liant talent from abroad, is reduced to the
alternative of either accepting a nominal price
for his productions,-or of abandoning literature
altogether, and, may we not add, with unavoid-
able disgust for legislators who could so easily
remedy this state of things, and yet year after
year persistently refuse to do so?
Then there are the great British quarterlies
which find their way across the Atlantic by
the thousand, only to weigh, when they get
here, like incubi on our native periodicals, in
some instances crushing them out of existence
by their liliputian prices more, even, than by
the ponderous weight of the matter they con-
tain. How many readers, who have been long
in the habit of buying the British reviews at
piratical prices, turn away with well-affected
disgust from such masterly productions as the
Southern Keview and the North American
Iteview when offered at a price that any fair-
minded reader should be willing to pay cheer-
fully for so much learning and ability as their
papers display! But, indeed, how can it be
otherwise 111 the present state of things? Let
me say that the moral sense of this young
Republic must indeed be undergoing a fearful
revolution if it has reached that melancholy
point of moral degradation when our citizens
regafd honest and barely remunerative prices
as extortionate. The truth is, they have so
long been encouraging and abetting a piracy
that is fostered, nay, necessitated, by our Gov-
ernment by its non-action in the matter, that
the thieves come at last to look upon pirating as
even preferable to an honest mode of living!
But a very brief time will elapse after the pas-
sage of the international copyright bill before
one of its legitimate effects will be shown in
the springing up throughout the country of
those establishments called in England cir-
culating libraries, which offer the inestimable
advantage to the public at large that any one
may by the annual payment of a few dollars
gain access to the entire literature ot Christen-
dom. While the consequence of this will be
to place the facilities for acquiring information
■within the reach of all, it will by7110 means tend
to curtail the profits which the author derives
from his books, and this, for the simple reason
that those libraries, when once fairly in oper-
ation and fully appreciated, will order of any
given work whatever number of copies are re-
quired by the readingpublic, whether that num-
ber be ten or one hundred. The advantage
of such institutions is thus twofold ; it places
any given book at the disposal of a vastly
greator number of readers than could gain
access to it if they had to purchase it for them-
selves ; and so far irom tending to diminish the
author's profits, as some argue, these would
even be increased, from the fact that such con-
stant handling as the books must needs be sub-
jected to would necessarily wear them out so
as to create a demand lor new copies to supply
the place of those thus mutilated.
Vt hile it should be the proudest prerogative
of genius to shape the opinions of the world
to itsownheaven-born ideas, genius is cramped
in its immortal aspirations by the paltry
amount paid for its labors, which will not suf-
fice to support the wretched body in ease and
comfort. The necessary result is that genius,
so far from carrying out its legitimate mission
of molding the world, is itself constrained by
dire necessity to produce such works as the
world calls for, be these ever so hostile to im-
provement. When sensational literature, which
is always antagonistic to true civilization, is in
tenfold greater demand than the healthful
sort—as is at, present the case in our own coun-
try—genius must needs stoop from its high lead-
ership of public opinion and become its obse-
quious slave. For if daily bread be lacking,
the most powerful brain becomes, in a few
brief hours, unfitted alike for good or ill.
Now, inasmuch as all our authors, and, so
far as I can learn, all our publishers, with one
single exception, are in favor of the law,
whence does the opposition come? Where
does the responsibility rest ? If we are will-
ing to lay a tax to protect all the palpable
materials of which our books are manufac-
tured, why, in the name of justice and com-
mon sense, should we shrink from what is vir-
tually but laying a tax to protect the ideas im-
pressed on the pages of those books, lacking
which, the books themselves are worthless ?
To be sure, our reading public will have to pay
that tax in the end, but, as I verily believe,
that public are even now more than willing to
do so.
Perhaps it may rouse to action in this matter
some of the indifferent, to inform them of a
danger which, if known at all, is, at any rate,
seldom seriously entertained as impending over
us, but which must inevitably take place ere
long under the present state ol things, namely,
that we shall soon produce more literary prop-
erty liable to be stolen than the English will
produce; and that when such time arrives,
that people who are now so clamorous for inter-
national copyright will withdraw their over-
tures on the subject, and will coolly proceed
to remunerate themselves, in kind, for the
years of pillage they have sustained at our
hands. And how could we, old freebooters
that we are in that line, have the cheek to een
sure them for such reprisal? It is true that
they have all along been stealing from us ; but
110C only have our stealings from them much
exceeded theirs from us, but they are compara-
tively blameless in the matter, inasmuch as
they have long been urgent for the remedy,
while we have uniformly rejected it.
It were the height of folly to blame our pub-
lishers for such unjust proceedings as 1 have
j dwelt 011. Having done, over and over again,
what they could to procure the enactment of
the law in question, they have no alternative
but to appropriate 'oreign literary property to
their own use, or be ruined by a few rival
houses who are less scrupulous about utilizing
for their own advantage that which, by reason
of the absence of any law, becomes, the mo-
ment it touches our shores, the property of
any one who can seize it.
The truth is, the responsibility rests with
every individual who reads these pirated books,
especially unless he uses all due means, by pro-
test and otherwise, to put a stop to such rob-
bery. And since the large mass of our people
do read such books, and that, too, without so
much as a protest, it is the people themselves
who are to blame. And although there is 110
shadow of doubt that a vast majority of them
are in favor of the law proposed, yet as it is
next to impossible for them to act in concert
in the matter, so as to express their will, the
responsibility really rests on their Represent-
atives, who, knowing as they do, that not only
justice, but the sovereign people as well, are
on the side of international copyright, should
unhesitatingly act in the matter, and that Speed-
ily, for, as I just said, if long postponed, our
English friends may turn the tables on us with
a vengeance.
Mr. COX. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and five minutes p. m.) the
House adjourned.
PETITIONS.
The following petitions were presented
under the rule, and referred to the appropri-
ate committees:
By Mr. MORGAN: The petition of Joseph
Freese, esq., of Mohawk Valley, Coshocton
county, Ohio, and a large number of other
citizens, praying Congress not to reduce the
tariff on wool.
By Mr. PACKER: The petition of 39 citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, late soldiers of the
Army of the United States, asking the pas-
sage af an act giving to all soldiers, sail-
ors, and marines, who enlisted in the service
of the United States for the suppression of
the late rebellion, and who had an honor-
able discharge, $8 33£ per month, deducting
all Government bounty heretofore paid ; also
asking the amendment of the twenty-fifth sec-
tion of the act approved July 15,1870. so as to
allow soldiers or sailors to enter land without
the requirements of settlement and cultivation.
Also, the petition of 64 natives of Ireland,
citizens, or having the intention to become citi-
zens of the United States, residents of Excel-
sior, Pennsylvania, asking for increased pro-
tection to all industries that require it, and
that in all changes of the tariff the interests of
domestic industry shall be considered para-
mount to every other consideration.
Also, the petition of William Howard Day
and 38 Colored citizens of Harrisburg, Penn-
sylvania, asking for the passage of the supple-
mentary civil rights bill.
Also, the petition of 95 citizens of Hummels-
town, Dauphin county, Pennsylvania, protest-
ing against any change in the present tariff
laws that will abate or abolish duties upon
such articles as are successfully produced in
this country ; and also praying for the aboli-
tion of the duties on tea and coffee.
Also, the petition of 98 citizens of North-
umberland, Pennsylvania, workers in the
Northumberland iron-works, protesting against
any change in the present tariff laws, that will
abate or abolish duties upon such articles as
are successfully produced in this country ; and
also praying for the abolition of the duties on
tea and coffee.
Also, the petition of 38 citizens of Mount
Carmel, Pennsylvania, natives of Ireland, ask-
ing for increased protection to all industries'
that require it, and that in all changes of the
tariff the interests of domestic industry shall
be considered paramount to every other con-
sideration.
Also, the petition of 190 natives of Ireland,
citizens, or having the intention of becoming
citizens of the United States, residing at
Locust Gap, Pennsylvania, askingforincreased
protection to all industries that require it, and
that in all changes of the tariff the interests
of domestic industry shall be considered par-
amount to every other consideration.
Also, the petition of 189 natives of Ireland,
citizens, or having the intention of becoming
citizens of the United States, residing at
Locust Gap, Pennsylvania, asking for increased
protection to all industries that require it. and
that in all changes of the tariff the interests
of domestic industry shall be considered par-
amount to every other consideration.
By Mr. WHITTHORNE : The petition ol
F. F. Fonville, of Bedford county, Tennessee,
for removal of disabilities.
