1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2831
stamps are now sold, and at such other places as he
may designate. He shall publish at the offices
where telegrams are received such a, statement of
the telegraph rates as may be necessary for the con-
venience of the public. The originals of telegrams
shall be kept in the office of deposit tor one month,
and then destroyed, unless they are inclosed in an
envelope, properly stamped and directed, in which
case they shall be forwarded by mail to the ad-
dressee.
Sec. 4. That the money-order system now in oper-
ation in the Post Office Department shall, as soon as
practicable, be adapted to the telegraph, and the
charge for transmitting money orders by telegraph
within the United States, wherever money-order
offices are now, or may hereafter be established,
shall be the rates charged upon money orders trans-
mitted by mail, in addition to the regular charge
for registered telegrams, but no telegraphic order
shall exceed fifty dollars.
Sec. 5. That special contracts may be made with
railroad companies relating to the telegraphic busi-
ness on the line of such railroads; also with asso-
ciations and with the press, for the transmission of
commercial and press news. The rates lor special
dispatches to newspapers shall not exceed seventy-
five cents tor each one hundred words or less sent in
any one night, and one dollar by day, for each and
every circuit of two hundred and fifty miles they are
transmitted, and at the same rate for each word in
excess. Where the same dispatch is delivered at
the same office to two or more newspapers, it shall
be charged as "a special," with the addition of ten
cents for each one nundred words or less, for cost of
manifolding and piompt delivery to each newspaper
receiving it, when made and delivered by the com-
pany. The rates for press associations shall not ex-
ceed those now paid by the Associated or American
Press for similar service. A postage of five cents
shall be^ paid on each press dispatch; but where
copies of the same dispatch are dropped off at one
or more offices, but one postage shall be paid. The
proprietor of any regularly published newspaper
shall, on reasonable notice being given, have the
right to the exclusive use of the wire for the purposes
of such newspaper alone, at a prepaid rate not ex-
ceeding $1,000 a year for night service, and SI,500 a
year for day service for each and every two hundred
and fifty miles of wire. Contracts may be made
with any telegraph company operating lines of tele-
graph beyond the boundaries of the United States
ior the interchange of telegrams, and with any com-
pany organized tor laying and maintaining cables
between the United States and foreign countries.
Sec. 6. That the better to carry out the purposes
of this act, the office of Fourth Assistant Postmaster
General is hereby created, and such officer shail be
appointed in the same manner in which the other
Assistant Postmasters General are appointed, and
with the same salary. The duties of such officer
shall, under the direction and subject to the super-
vision of the Postmaster General, be to exercise a
general supervision over the administration of the
telegraph, to make an annual report thereupon to
the Postmaster General, which report shall show the
amount of the receipts and expenditures of his office,
the number of Government and other dispatches
transmitted during the year preceding the date of
such report, the number of miie3 of new line con-
structed, the number ot new offices opened, together
with such information as may bo required. Hcshall
prescribe such rules and regulations as shall be neces-
sary to insure the prompt and correct transmission
and delivery of all telegrams, and to enforce the
same by suitable fines and penalties, subject to the
approval of the Postmaster General.
Sec. 7. That the Postmaster General is hereby
authorized to contract with tho Postal Telegraph
Company for the transmission of correspondence by
telegraph as his agent for that purpose for a term
of ten years, according to the provisions of this
act; and said company shall provide lines of tele-
graph to every postal telegraph office. It shall keep
its linest at all times, unavoidable casualties ex-
cepted, in good working order, furnish competent
operators, good instruments, and all equipments
necessary for their efficient and constant working.
It shall promptly and correctly transmit by tele-
graph all telegrams received by it at any postal
telegraph office to the postal telegraph office of de-
livery. It shall confine its business within the
limits prescribed in this act, except as it may be
bound by contracts of companies whose lines it may [
purchase in accordance with the provisions of this
act. The Postmaster General shall furnish suitable
and convenient accommodations at each postal tel-
egraph office for the office, employes, instruments,
and batteries of the company required for its busi-
ness. He shall_ examine, or cause 6b be examined,
from time to time, any line or lines of telegraph,
and decide whether they are properly constructed
ana equipped and kept m good working order. He
shall m writing notify the company of any altera-
tions, improvements, repairs, or of any additional
wires required on old lines, or of any new lines re-
quired to be constructed. If the company shall fail
+° e 8uck alterations, improvements, repairs, or
to add such new wires within three months, or to
provide such new lines within six months from the
service of such notice or from a decision of arbi-
trators, as is herein provided, he may make the
required alterations, improvements, repairs, or add
such new wires, or construct such new lines at the
expense of the company, and deduct the cost
thereof from any payment due it. The entire prop-
erty of said company shall be bound for the per-
formance of the requirements of this act. Incase
it shall fail to keep and perform the service accord-
ing so the provisions of said contract, the Postmas-
ter General shall enter upon said lines of telegraph
and contract with some suitable party for the per-
formance of such service, and charge any loss that
may accrue to said company.
Sec. 8. That all persons shall have the right to
correspond by telegraph in the manner herein pre-
scribed. Telegrams shall be privileged communica-
tions in law to the extent that private letters now
are. They may be written in secret letters or cipher,
and shall be transmitted in the order in which they
are received at the several offices, except registered
and night telegrams, on penalty of $100 damages, to
bepaid to the sender by the party offending. All pro-
visions of law relating to the secretion or destruc-
tion, or to the receipt, transmission, and delivery of
mailed letters, and to the sale of stamps, stamped
paper, and their improper use, shall, so far as per-
tinent, apply to telegrams and to tclegraphicstamps.
Every postmaster shall be accountable for ail stamps
and stamped paper furnished to him. Any person
connected with the post office or the telegraph com-
pany, or acting on behalf ef cither, who shall will-
fully remove from any telegram any stamp affixed
thereon, or who shall, contrary to Ins duty, disclose,
or in any way make known or intercept, the con-
tents of any telegram, or any pare thereof, or who
shall delay or hinder the transmission or deliv-
ery thereof, and any person who shall willfully or
maliciously obstruct or postpone the transmission or
delivery, or divulge the contents of any telegram,
or any part thereof, or who shall injure or destroy
any of the property of the company, or interfere
with the working, repairs, or use of any line of
telegraph, shall, upon conviction in the district
court of the United States for the district where
such offense shall have been committed, or where
such person shall reside, be subject to a fine not ex-
ceeding $200, or to imprisonment for a term not
exceding two years, with damages to the party
injured thereby. It shall be the duty of the Post-
master General to prosecute all persons offending
against any of the provisions of this section.
Sec. 9. That the Postmaster General may, and at
tho request of said company shall, from time to time,
reduce the compensation to bepaid to the company,
and the rates to be paid by the public, for the trans-
mission of telegrams, and shall raise them again, by
an amount not exceeding the reduction after the
expiration of six months, if the net income of the
company shall thereby be reduced below ten per
cent, per year on its capital stock, fixed as here-
inafter provided. If any tax shall be levied, or
assessment made, on the property, receipts, or fran-
chise of the company, or any license be required, in
any State or Territory, the Postmaster General may
add one or more cents to the rate on each telegram
between offices in such State or Territory, until the
increased amount equals such tax or license: but
this clause shall not be construed to give any right
to assess such tax or collect such license. Any one
who shall receive telegrams for transmission shall
cancel all stamps on such telegrams. Every post-
master shall, on the second Monday of each month,
forward to the Postmaster General a statement of
the number of telegrams transmitted to his office
during the previous month, and also their stamped
value, and the number and amount of stamps sold
at his office, and all money received for teleprrams
insufficiently paid, and for their special delivery.
The Postmaster General shall make monthly returns
to the company of the amount of telegraphic stamps
sold, and of all other sums received for the trans-
mission of telegrams, and of the number of tele-
grams received by the Department, and after deduct-
ing five cents on each telegram transmitted, except-
ing press dispatches, shall pay the remainder of
such receipts to said company as full compensation
for its services in transmitting the same. A telegraph
stamp of five cents shall be affixed to every tele-
gram which is not received and delivered through
the post office, or through any company in operation
for the transmission of messages for the public at
the time of the approval of this act, excepting for
telegrams on which no chargo is made, transmitted
by a line maintained or used solely for private use
by any corporation or person, and relating to the
business or private aifairs of the owner thereof.
Sec. 10. That Gardiner G. Hubbard, Franklin
Haven, and Estes Howe, of Massachusetts; Samuel
F. Hersey, of Maine; Henry C. Murphy and Richard
A. McCurdy, of New York; John F. Tracey and
Edward D. L. Sweet, of Illinois; Russell Blakeley,
of Minnesota ; Benjamin F. Allen and John N.
Dewey, of Iowa; William F. Downs, of Kansas;
Robert Hawkc, of Nebraska; Clioton B. Fisk, of
Missouri; Lueien I. Barnes, of Arkansas; Sidney
A. Stockdale, of Louisiana; Charles O. Whitney,
of Alabama; John P. King, of Georgia; Henry
Weatherby, of California ; and Peter Parker and
Anthony Pollok, of Washington, District of Colum-
bia, and all other persons who shall hereafter become
stockholders in the company, are created a body
politic by the name of the Postal Telegraph Com-
pany, in the city of Washington, for the performance
of the postal telegraph service under contract with
the Postmaster General, and on his behalf, according
to the requirements of this act. Thesaid corporation
shall have perpetual succession; it may contract
and be contracted with, sue and be sued, plead and
be impleaded in the district and circuit courts of the
United States, upon which jurisdiction is hereby
conferred either in law or equity; it shall have a
common seal and may change it at its pleasure; it
may make such by-laws not contrary to this act or
the laws of the United States as it deems necessary,
and may alter or repeal the same or any of tbem;
it may purchase, lease, hold, and convey real estate
and personal property required for the convenient
transaction of its business. The first three corpora-
tors, or a majority of them, are authorized to receive
subscriptions to the stock of the company, at such
time and place as they may deem expedient, whereor
due notice shall be given for fourteen days in two
newspapers published in the city of Washington,
and each one of the corporators herein named shall
be entitled to subscribe for two hundred and fifty
shares of the capita) stock of the said company.
When the whole amount of stock shall have been
subscribed, they shall give notice of the time and
place for holding a meeting of the corporation for
the purpose of organizing the same, by publication
published in two newspapers printed in each of the
cities of Washington and New York, and mailed to
each corporator and subscriber to the stock of the
company at least thirty days before the meeting.
The stockholders shall then elect not less than
twelve nor more than twenty directors, to serve
until the annual meeting. The Postmaster Gen-
eral and Fourth Assistant Postmaster General shall
be ex officio directors of the company. The an-
nual meeting shall be holden in Washington on
t&e third Tuesday of January. Thirty days' notice
of all meetings shall be given in two newspapers
published in Washington. The company shall
annually render to the Postmaster General accu-
rate accounts of its earnings and operating ex-
penses, and an account of all new stock issued,
with a statement of the object for whioh it was
issued, and its receipts and expenditures, on con-
struction account, with the number of miles of wire
owned and operated by it. Saia accounts shall be
made up in such manner and with such details as
may, from time to time, be required by the Post-
master General, sworn to by the president and the
treasurer.
Sec. 11. That the capital stock of said company
shall, at its organization, consist of ten thousand
shares, of the par value of $100 each, for expense
of organization and connection of its lines with
the postal telegraph offices. The said company may
purchase any lines of telegraph that are in opera-
tion in the United States at the date of the ap-
proval of this act, on such terms as may be agreed
upon ; but no such contract shall be valid or have
any binding effect until approved in writing by the
Postmaster General. It any telegraph company
which at the time of the approval of this act may be
in operation for the transmission of telegrams for the
public, shall, at a meeting of the corporation called
for that purpose, and holden within one year lrom
the date of the approval of this act, with the
authority  f a majority of the stock represented at
such meeting, offer to sell all or any portion of its
corporate property to the Postal Telegraph Com-
pany, it shall purchase such property at a valuation
to be fixed by five competent disinterested persons,
two of whom shall be selected by the Postal Tele-
graph Company, two by theseller, and one by the four
previously selected, and the amount of such valuation
shall be paid in cash or stock or securities, as may
be agreed upon between the parties on delivery of
the deeds thereof, as is hereinafter provided. Itmay
issue its stock equal in amount at its par value to
the cost of lines purchased by it. The company
may also construct all necessary lines for the trans-
mission of telegrams under the provisions of this
act, and from time to time increase its capital stock
to an amount equal to the actual cost of lines and
equipment so constructed.
Sec. 12. That the execution by any company under
its common seal of a conveyance of its property or
any part thereof, duly stamped, shail be sufficient to
vest the same m the Postal Telegraph Company,
with all the estate, right, title, and interest of the
company therein,to be held, exercised, and enjoyed
by said Postal Telegraph Company to the same ex-
tent as the same would have been held and enjoyed
by said company had such conveyance not been
made. The receipt of the president and the treas-
urer of any company for the purchase-money shall
be a sufficient rcceipt for the same to tho Postal Tele-
graph Company, who shall not be bound to see to
the distribution thereof. In case any company shall
neglect or fail to procure all necessary and proper
parties to join in any conveyance necessary to
release any mortgage or other debts, or any con-
tract, said Postal Telegraph Company may petition
the circuit court of the United States for the proper
circuit forthe confirmationof its title, and said court
shall make such order and decree after due notice
and a hearing of all parties interested, as may be
just and equitable; itmay direct said company to
deposit the purchase-money, or any necessary por-
tion thereof, in the clerk's office of said circuit court,
and upon the deposit thereof such pzoperty shall
vest in the Postal Telegraph Company, free from all
mortgage or other debt or contract of such company,
and the moneys so deposited shal I be paid out on the
order of the circuit court of the United States to the
parties entitled thereto.
Sec. 13. Thatthe company may, at its own expense,
establish and maintain offices independent of those
established by the Postmaster General, for the recep-
tion, transmission, and delivery of telegrams pre-
paid by stamps, as herein provided, but the Post-
master General may at any time assume the same;
any postmaster may act as operator under an ar-
rangement by the telegraph company with the Post-
master General. In case any questson should arise
between the company and the Postmaster General,
it shall be referred to the decision of three arbitra-
tors, to be appointed by the Attorney General of the
United States, on application of either of said par-
ties, and their decision shall be final and binding.
Said company shall be subject to all the obligations
and entitled to all the privileges of an act of Con-
gress. approved July 24,1866, entitled "An act to aid
in the construction of telegraph lines, and to secure
