1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1039
from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner] is before
the Senate, upon which the Senator from Iowa
[Mr. Harlan J is entitled to the floor.
Mr, CHANDLER. I ask that the regular
order be passed over informally.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Michigan asks that it be informally passed over
until the conclusion of the remarks of the Sen-
ator from Tennessee. The Chair hears no
objection, and the resolution will be informally
passed over. The reading of the remarks of
the Senator from Tennessee will be continued.
The Secretary continued to read Mr. Brown-
low's speech, as follows:
I invite investigation and I challenge proof.
I saw it stated the other day in a leading paper
that it is a bad symptom of the times that pub-
lic men, whose integrity is assailed, take no
notice of the slanders, if they be such, allow-
ing themselves to be classed among the guilty
whose only refuge is in silence. I am not one
of that class. 1 do cherish my reputation for
integrity. Men may say what they please of
my political views and public policy. If the
first are unsound, they are at least those of a
majority of my fellow-countrymen ; and if the
latter seems harsh to the enemies of the Union
they will at least admit that it has been con-
sistent. Their tender mercies toward myself
and the Unionists of East Tennessee were
hardly the sort of schooling they could expect
to produce a meek and merciful ruler. If I
have, to a certain extent, repaid them in
kind, let them remember GratianoTs response
to Shylock:
" I thank thee, Jew, for teaching me that word."
They must, moreover, acquit me of returning
their savagery in degree; forlneitherhadthem
whipped nor hung, nor otherwise maltreated
them as I saw them treat those who agreed with
me. But there is one thing I permit no man
to assail without response, and that is my hon-
esty. I know the fallibility of human judg-
ment, and can therefore view with unconcern
all differences of opinion ; but if I have any
knowledge of my own acts, and must carry
that knowledge to the bar of final judgment
where He who judges willknow whether I speak
truly or not, I never soiled my soul with pecu-
lation, nor used the people's trust for private
gain. My enemies, and I have plenty of them,
as my country has, in Tennessee, will tell the
member from Kentucky that his statement is
not true. If he reads the Democratic news-
papers of Tennessee he would long since have
learned that his own party do not believe me
to have been corrupt in office. Themost influ-
ential newspapers of the State which supported
Seymour and Blair have vindicated me from
any imputation upon my personal or official
integrity. Differing widely from me upon the
policy of my administration, they have never-
theless done me the justice to acquit me of any
official malfeasance or personal dishonesty.
It is further gratifying to me to state that
such has been my treatment at the hands of
the Democratic press generally in Tennessee
since the bitterness of local conflict has ceased,
while many prominent leaders of that party
have paid me a like tribute. I avail mysclt
of this opportunity, for I may never have an-
other, to thank them for this, and to express
my grateful acknowledgments for what f be-
lieve to be their just appreciation of my char-
acter in that respect.
Of course my administration in Tennessee
did not escape without personal motives of
self-interest being ascribed to me; but as I
had no reason to shun the broad light of day
upon all my acts, I invited investigation, and
had the good fortune to be vindicated by my
political antagonists. A Democratic commit-
tee of the Legislature, which looked into my
administration of affairs with the hope of find-
ing some delinquency which would give them
a triumph over me, reported that they could
find nothing, I was charged with personal
motives in the suit of The State jjs. William
H. Ballew et al.« from which 1 was vindicated
by the decision of the supreme court of Ten-
nessee, composed exclusively of my political
opponents, and the record is there for any to
peruse who wish.
A.t one period, with the view of making
political capital, my action with regard to the
issue of State bonds was assailed by a gentle-
man who has since confessed his ignorance of
the facts, and frankly admitted the errors of
his statements and the injustice done me.
Mr. A. J. Fletcher, then secretary of State,
by no means in harmony with me personally,
made the following statement in the New York
Times for the satisfaction of Tennessee bond-
holders, not purposely in my vindication. The
result, however, will be seen to have been a
thorough justification of my course in that
regard:
Office of Secretary of State,
Nashville, Tennessee, October 4, 1869.
To the Editor of the New York Times:
Some days since my attention was called to a
letter from your correspondent at Knoxville, dated
September 16,1869, upon the finances of Tennessee,
with a request thatthestatements therein contained
be denied or explained. As the letter was anony-
mous, and its statements, as I supposed, generally
known to bo unfounded, I did not deem the com-
munication worthy of attention. But as I continue
to receive letters of inquiry as to the statements
alluded to, I will, with your permission and through
your paper, notice the principal allegations of your
correspondent.
amount of the state debt.
The statement that the debt of Tennessee has been
increased since the war from $16,000,000 to $40,000,000
is recklessly made, in total ignorance of the facts.
As the financial report of the comptroller will be
sent to the Legislature in a few days, it will not be
necessary here to make exact calculation as to
amounts, as they will then fully appear. I will, in
view of the early appearance otthat important doc-
ument, use round numbers in this paper. The entire
State debt at the beginning of the war was about
eighteen million dollars. The interest which accu-
mulated during the war amounted to over four mil-
lion five hundred thousand dollars, and the debt
that matured during: the war amounted to about
half a million; making the State debt at the close
of the war about twenty-three million dollars. Since
then over a million dollars of that debt has matured
and been funded by the issuance of new bonds. It
will be seen that your correspondent considers the
$5,000,000 that matured during the war and $1,000,000
since as an increase of the debt. And even upon
that assumption, his statements are greatly exag-
gerated. The actual amount of the increase of the
debt since the war, for all purposes, does not reach
$14,000,000. Your correspondent has it $2-1,000,000—
an error of S10.Ch30.000.
alleged fraud in" signikg and sealing bonds.
Your correspondent further says: " I aminformed,
on very reliable authority, that there is no record
in the comptroller's or treasurer's office at Nash-
ville to show just how manybonds have been issued
since Governor Brownlow'S administration com-
menced. Irresponsible men were intrusted by him
with blank bonds, to which the seal of the State
was affixed, and no living human being knows the
number they signed and issued."
It is only necessary to say that both the comp-
troller's books and the books of the Executive, kept
by the secretary of St ate, will show the exact amount,
date of issuance, numbers and time of maturity,
with the letters and series of every bond issued
since the war, as well as the purpose of issuance
and a reference to the law under which such bond
was issued. The latter sentence of the foregoing
quotation is without the slightest foundation in fact.
Again: "Sworn witnesses deposed, before one of
the investigatingcommittees of the last Legislature,
that one of Brownlow's agents whs found some
time ago in one of the private banks of New York ,
signing Tennessee bonds, which were furnished him 11
in blank, with the seal of the State affixed^No per- i
feet record has been kept by the officer at Nashville |j
of the number of bonds issued, and I see no reason !|
to doubt but that many were signed and issued ;;
without any authority.'' , . >
Iha\e before me the original deposition ot the i!
only witness who spoke of signing the Governor's j
name in New York. It is so grossly perverted as to j.
| make the foregoing statement worse than simply [■
untrue. On one occasion the Governor's clerk, who ;|
signed his name to all papers, went to New York to
receive alot of blankbonds irom the National Bank n
Note Company, who wore the engravers. Not wish-
ing to return to Nashville immediately, and the M
bonds being needed, he signed about two hundred j]
with the Governor's name, without the great seal. i(
and sent them by express^ to the secretarv's office, i!
where they were countersigned and sealed, passed, I
to the comptroller for the signing of the coupons,
and then issued to the railroad company entitled to
them. This is all there is of this story.
repudiation NOTPOPri.Ali.
It is not true that " many of their leading men
are open and avowed repudiators." It may be true
that a few persons in Tennessee, misled by such re-
ports a? your correspondent publishes, have spoken
of repudiating any bonds that might appear to be
illegally issued,but nothing more. I have conversed
with most of the members of the incoming Legis-
lature, and have yet to hear a single one speak of
repudiating any bond lawfully issued.
Referring to a statement of the new bonds lately
published from this office, your correspondent says:
"The bonds embraced in the third class were
issued in exchange for some bonds which were
returned as^ mutilated and defaced. New ones
were issued in their stead, but I am informed that
the defaced bonds cannot now be found, and it is
believed they are also in circulation."
If this statement is true, the Governor, secretary
of State, and comptroller, and all others implicated
with them, are guilty of felonies of gigantic propor-
tions. Of course no denial from those officers will
be expected. But for the information of those inter-
ested in Tennessee securities, I will state that a
book has been kept in the secretary's office, in which
a receipt will appear for every bond issued iu
exchange for each mutilated, defaced, or defective
bond taken up, showing the numbers, dates, series
and amount of both, the new bond issued and the
new bond taken up, and also the receipt of the
comptroller for the old bond thus retired; in addi-
tion to which, every bond thus retired is now in
the comptroller's office, completely canceled with
the proper instruments. And every coupon which
has matured since 1861, and which has been paid
or funded, is also preserved, totally canceled, and
pasted in a book iu such manner as to be easily
counted.
I shall not combat the legal argument of your cor-
respondent in vindication of his position that "a
State is sovereign, and cannot be sued without her
consent/' except to state that the reports of the
Supreme Court of the United States would seem to
indicate that the like has been done very often, and
that the ablest lawyers in Tennessee are of opinion
that our bondholders may be subrogated to the
rights of the State in her railroads. The disclosure
of your correspondent's name may cast all these
into the background, in view of which I will not
enter the lists with him,
regular record of all bonds.
In conclusion, I will take this occasion to say to
all holders of Tennessee bonds that every new bond
of the State now in circulation has been sealed and
countersigned by me, after being signed by the Gov-
ernor himself, or some one known to me to have
been authorized to sign his name; that the books
which record the issuance and retiring of bonds have
been kept with far more accuracy and fullness since
the war than they were before; and that, having
been connected, as secretary of State, with the State
government since its organization in I860—being
now the oldest State officer in office—1 venture the
statement that not a single reason can be given for
the repudiation of the new bonds that does not
apply with equal force, if there be any force in such
reason, to the old bonds.
the state debt can be paid.
The resumption of the payment of the interest
may be delayed for several years—perhaps three
years—but as yet no well-informed Tennesseean
thinks of repudiation; and unless further anarchy
and revolution occurs every dollar of her liabilities
will be paid. Any able business man, if he could
be untrammeled, can take charge of the finances
ofTennessee, and by a judicious management of the
State's lien on her railroads reduce the debt of the
State in twelve months to $9,000,000, a sum that the
people of the State would not be conscious of. Hall
of the entire debt rests upon railroad companies,
who pay their interest without difficulty, and who
are already considering the project of buying in the
bonds of the State to. an extent sufficient to extin-
guish their entire liabilities to the State. This
would certainly be sound financial policy on their
part: and as the Louisville and Nashville Kailroad
Company has done so, strong hopes are entertained
that other companies will follow.
when interest will i:f. paid.
Your correspondent gives the new bondholders
the comforting assurance that their interest will
not be paid in ten years. The duration of the sus-
pension of the payment of the interest on the State
debt will depend upon the action of the Legislature,
now about to convene. Some of the ablest men in
the State are members of that body, including
learned lawyers and experienced business men and
large property holders. Of course no prediction can
be safely made as to the duration of the suspension,
but there is 110 reason why payment should not be
resumed in two years; and, allowing for differences
in policy and all short-comings, three years without
war will certainly bring to the bondholder his semi-
annual interest in cash. There will be no discrim-
ination between the old and the new bonds, either
a« to principal or interest. There is no difference in
merit or consideration, and the whole cause of their
being assailed is that those who provided for their
issuance are hated by many who believe it was
impossible for anything to be done right while
BR0Sp1e«lG0VCrn0r- A. J. IUjETCHER,
Secretary of State of Tennessee.
I do not deem it necessary to go further in
vindicating either my personal or official in-
tegrity. If it shall ever be the good fortune
of the member from Kentucky to receive the
same number of evidences of his State's re-
gard as I have received from mine, and after
