Ui
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 14,
I have drawn my amendment so as to make it
apply to any State whose constitution prescribes
the mode of voting.
Mr. BINGHAM. As i understand it, and
I suppose the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr.
McHenry] so understands it, the act amend-
atory of the act of May 31, 1870, requires a
printed or written ballot for the election of
members of Congress.
Mr. McHENRY. Yes, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. The effect of the amend-
ment which the gentleman now offers is pro
tanto to repeal the act amendatory of the act
of May, 1870, as to the States whose constitu-
tions provide for elections viva voce. That is
the question that is raised here. It is for the
House to determine whether, having exercised
the authority expressly granted by the Consti-
tution to the Congress of the United States, to
prescribe the time, place, and maner of elect-
ing Representatives in Congress, we will now
go back upon our own statute and repeal it as
to States whose constitutions happen to provide
for elections viva voce. It was to cure that very
defect in the constitutions of the States that
that feature of the act of 1871, amendatory of
the act of 1870, was incorporated into your
law. It was competent for Congress to do it,
• and it is the duty of the electors in the several
States to comply with the requirements of
that law. There is nothing in the constitution
of Kentucky, nothing in the constitution of
anyState in the Union, that can for a moment
be pleaded in bar of the right of Congress to
prescribe the manner in which Representatives
in Congress shall be elected. Whether it shall
be by ballot or vim voce depends upon the decis-
ion of the law-making power of the United
States. They have asserted that power, and, I
think, asserted it wisely. It does seem to me
that so far as that provision of the law is con-
cerned this amendment will repeal it so far as
relates to the several States which have such a
provision in their constitutions.
Mr. McHENRY. I do not question the
power of Congress.
Mr. BINGHAM. The policy of the law is
wise and just. "The manifest purpose of it is
to prevent frauds at elections, and to permit
the nation to correct any frauds that may be
attempted or committed at elections.
Mr. McHENRY. Will the gentleman allow
a question ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly I will.
Mr. McHENRY. Has not this House voted
to-day not to interfere with the time of hold-
ing elections where it has been prescribed as
in Pennsylvania and some other States by the
State constitution V
Mr. BINGHAM. I know we have; but we
have voted all that down.
Mr. McHENRY. Why should not this
House extend to Kentucky the same courtesy
that has been extended to those other States ?
We cannot amend our State constitution for a
number of years; and it is a matter of con-
venience and justice that the proposition I
have offered should be adopted.
The CHAIRM AN. Debate upon the amend-
ment is closed.
On agreeing to the amendment, there were—
ayes 70, noes 93.
Mr. McHENRY called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. McHenry
and Mr. Bixgham were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 79, noes 93.
So the amendment of Mr. McHenry was
not agreed to.
Mr. AMBLER. I move to amend the sub-
stitute of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Mebcur] by adding to the new section
which has been adopted on the motion of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Butler]
the following:
Provided, That the Representatives to the Forty-
Third Congress shall be ejected on the day-fixed by
law for the^ election of presidential electors iu the
year 1872.
Mr. Chairman, it-seems to be the sense of
the committee that so far as it can reason-
ably be so arranged there shall be a uniform
day provided for the election of members of
Congress; and the objection to making imme-
diately such a change is because of the fact
that many States do not provide for any elec-
tion upon the day proposed, except every four
years, when the presidential election occurs.
Now there is an election provided for in the year
1872 for electors of President and Vice Pres-
ident; and no inconvenience, it seems to me,
will arise from the adoption of this amendment,
which provides simply for this rule of uniform-
ity as applicable to that year.
On agreeing to the amendment, there were—
ayes 45, noes 65.
Mr. AMBLER called for tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
So the amendment of Mr. Ambler was not
agreed to.
Mr. POTTER. I offer the following pro-
viso, to come in at the end of the bill:
But no State shall hereafter be admitted to the
Union without having the necessary population to
entitle it to at least one Representative according to
the ratio of representation provided for by this bill.
Mr. MAYNARD. I would like to have my
friend from New York [Mr. Potter] tell us
what would be the effect of his proposition if
we should attach it to this bill and enact it into
a law. Does he think it would prevent this
Congress or the next Congress, or any other,
from admitting, if it thought proper to do so,
a new State with a smaller population than
that indicated in the amendment?
Mr. POTTER. Mr. Chairman, the sug-
gestion of the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr.
MayxardJ touches a matter of which I am
not unmindful. I am quite aware, that Con-
gress has power to repeal, either to-morrow or
at any subsequent time, any legislation that it
may theretofore have seen fit to adopt. I
would, of course, have preferred to provide
in my amendment that no State should be
hereafter entitled to representation unless it
possessed the population necessary for a Rep-
resentative according to the ratio fixed by
this bill. But under the Constitution this is
not practicable, for the Constitution declares
that each State in the Union shall be enti-
tled to at least one Representative, whatever
its population, and our only way of prevent-
ing Representatives coming here from a less
population hereafter is to admit no State with-
out at least that population. Congress has
the power now, to declare its sentiment in this
respect, and to now enact (and the enactment
will remain in force until repealed) that here-
after no new State shall be admitted unless it
has population enough to entitle it to at least one
Representative according to the ratio fixed in
this bill. That enactment can indeed be re-
pealed, as the gentleman from Tennessee sug-
gests ; but until it is repealed it will remain, as
it seems to me it ought always to remain, in
force; and it will have the effect at least, of
preventing Territories from coming here seek-
ing admission as States, when their population
is less than one hundred and thirty-six thou-
sand, or thereabout, which this bill fixes as
the number entitling a State to a Represent-
ative.
Mr. Chairman, we talk about this as a rep-
resentative government, yet even this very bill
under consideration does not, according to my
reckoning, apportion the Representatives to
compose this House among the States fairly
according to population ; while in the other
House of the Legislature somewhere about sixty
Senators out of seventy-four, represent a mi-
nority of the people, and that inequality and
injustice continues and is aggravated exactly
so fast as new States with small populations are
admitted and as the powers of government are
centralized.
Now, in the last few years there has been
no equality of government for the people
in the different States. For all practical
purposes of sovereign legislation the States
have been reduced to provinces, and we are
now, forty million people, governed substan-
tially in all things here at Washington by a
central Government, which we call a popular
Government, when it is the absolute truth
that in one body of our national Legisla-
ture three fourths of the members represent
but a minority of the people. This condition
of things cannot continue. One of two alter-
natives must follow: either we must get back
to the equality of States as to their sovereignty,
as I prefer, or we must have popular repre-
sentation in the other branch of the Legisla-
ture. As one step iu that direction—no,
rather as expressing an opinion which indi-
cates but the most manifest justice to the great
States of the Union—I desire Congress now to
declare that no other new State shall be ad-
mitted to the Union until it shall possess at
least population enough under the ratio fixed
by this bill to entitle it to one Representative.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MAYNARD. If the proposed amend-
ment of the gentleman from New York would
have the effect to incorporate as a feature of
our Government the principle indicated, I
would be glad of it. It is not presented here,
however, for the first time. When I first came
to this House some years ago, I believe it was
in the Thirty-Fifth Congress, I remember a
proposition was before the House to admit a
western State with a population which turned
out to be less than fifty thousand. It was then
insisted in opposition to that attempt, as the
gentleman insists now, that the practice of the
Government before that time had been to re-
quire a Territory to have a population equal
to the then ratio of representation beforebeing
admitted as a State into the Union. I refer,
of course, to the State of Oregon, which was
then admitted. This was a departure from
that system. The evils which the gentleman
has portrayed with so much force were pre-
sented to us. I will add. that his political
friends had a large majority in both-Houses.
They also had a majority in the proposed
new State of Oregon. They had two Senators
elected, and ready to take their seats as soon
as the new State should be admitted. They
also had a member elected, ready to take his
seat upon this floor. Though the principle the
gentleman insists on and presses with so much
force was then fully brought to the attention
of Congress, yet it was voted down by the
gentleman's own political friends, and the pol-
icy was then inaugurated of admitting Terri-
tories as States with a population less than the
ratio, or apportionment, for the time being.
If we could get back to the early practice of
the Government, I should be in favor of it,
because the view which the gentleman has
pressed with so much force is the proper aud
just one, and ought to be adopted in the admis-
sion of all of our new States. But it was
departed from by the gentleman's own polit-
ical friends in the instance which I have indi-
cated. I certainly would sustain him in the
passage of this amendment if it promised to
have any effect. Even though it should stand
upon the statute-book, it will not be effective;
no State can come into the Union except
by positive action of Congress. When Con-
gress sees fit to pass a law admitting a Ter-
ritory as a State it will come in. anything we
put on the statute-book in this shape to the
contrary notwithstanding. Hence this amend-
ment would be useless, and only encumber the
bill.
Mr. POTTER rose.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted.
Mr. POTTER. I move to strike out the
last word.
The CHAIRMAN. That is no*- in order.
The committee divided; and there were—
ayes 86, noes 48.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Unless we come to
a vote, I shall move that the committee rise
