1040
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
the discharge of his public functions he can
show as clean a pair of hands, I trust no
younger man will be so ungracious as to charge
him with escaping from the penitentiary.
His declaration that I am loathed and exe-
crated by the people of my State is as false as
hell, for it is the solace of my declining days
that they bring me every day renewed evidences
o.f the good will and kindly appreciation of my
fellow-citizens of Tennessee. The asperities
of the war are not yet over, and I doubtless
share in the hatred which unrepentant rebels
still manifest toward Union men, but I am
sustained bya good conscience and unfaltering
trust in divine goodness, and I can stand that.
My public acts are already a part of the his
tory of my Slate and country, and I submit
them to the honest judgment of posterity. As
for my rude assailant, as Daniel Webster once
said of a contemptible foe—
" I leave him; I leave him in the worst of all pos-
sible company; I leave him with himself."
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (H. R. No.
1543) to provide for the erection of a public
building at Quincy, Illinois, for the acommo-
dation of the post office, custom-house, and
other public officers ; in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
executive communication.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a communication from the Postmaster
General, transmitting, in response to a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 13th instant, informa-
tion as to the detention of the California mails
on the Union Pacific and Central Pacific rail-
roads, or either of them, during the present
winter, and what steps he has taken for the
forwarding of such mails to their destination ;
which, on motion of Mr. Casserly, was or-
dered to lie on the table, and be printed.
sales of arms to french agents.
The Senate resumed the consideration of
the following resolution submitted by Mr.
Sumnek on the 12th instant:
Whereas it appears from a recent cable telegram
that the committee of the French National Assem-
bly on war contracts has adopted a resolution ask-
ing the United States Government to furnish the
result of inquiry into the conduct of American offi-
cials suspected of participating in the purchase of
arms for the French Government during the war
with Germany;
And whereas one Squire, agent of Messrs. Reming-
ton & Sons, atNewJTork, in a dispatch dated at New
York, Oetober 8, 1870, addressed to Samuel Reming-
ton, at Tours, in France, near the Government of
NationalDefense.usesthefollowinglanguage: "We
have the strongest influences working lor us, which
will use all their efforts to succeed
Andwhereasin aletter dated at New York, Decem-
ber 13,1871, addressed by Samuel Reming'tonto Jules
Le Cesne, president of the armament committee, at
Tours,inFrance, thefollowing language is employed:
New Yore, December 13,1S70.
Sir : I have the honor to inform you I have received
your telegram of the 10th and 11th ordering the
number of batteries to be reduced in number to fifty,
and informing me of instructions to the consul
regarding the last eredit to him of 3,000,000 francs.
Although at the time of the reoeipt of the telegram
I had bought the whole number, one hundred, and
had paid the advance required, 8200,000, the Gov-
ernment very willingly reduced the number to fifty.
*****•& *. * * *
Regarding the purchase of Springfields, (trans-
formed,) Allen's system, I am sorry to say the
greatest number we may hope to get will not, I fear,
exceed forty thousand. The Government has never
made but about seventy-five thousand all told, and
forty thousand is the greatest number they think it
prudent to spare. I may be able to procure, depend-
ing upon an exchange of our arms at some future
time, for the number of breech-loading Springfields
over and above forty thousand they are willing to
let go now.
This question of an exchange, with the very friend-
ly feeling I find existing to aid France, I hope to be
able to procure more. Cartridges for these forty
thousand will in agreat measure require to be made,
as the Government have but about three millions in
hand. But the Government has consented to allow
the requisite number, four hundred for each gun, to
be made, and the cartridge-ivorks have had orders
(given yesterday) to increase production to the full
capacity of works. This question of making the
cartridges at the Government works was a difficult
one to get over; but itis done. The price^ the Gov-
ernment will charge for the guns and cartridges will
be . or as near that as possible.
Jcles Le Cesne, esq.,
"President Commission of Armament, &c.
And whereas the Secretary of War, under date of
January 19,1872, addressed the following commun-
ication to the Secretary of State:
War Department,
Washington City, January 19,1872.
Sir : X have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of a note from you of the 4th instant, inclosing, by
request of Mr. de Bellonnet, charge d'affaires of
France, a copy of a letter from Mr. Remington to
the president of the commission of armament at
Tours, containing a series of allegations in regard to
the purchase of arms, &c.
The first of these allegations which seem to require
specific reply is, *'Cartridges for these forty thou-
sand will in a great measure require to be made, as
the Government have but about three million on
hand; but the Government has consented to allow
the requisite number, four hundred for each gun,
to be made, and the cartridge-works have orders
(given yesterday) to increase production to the full
capacity of the works. This question of making the
catridges at the Government works was a difficult
one to get over, but it is done."
In reply to that allegation, X have to say that on
the 13th of December, 1870. cartridges necessary to
supply about two hundred rounds per gun to the
model 1866 breechloaders sold Thomas "Richardson
were ordered to be manufactured at the Frankford
Arsenal, and this number of cartridges was neces-
sary to effect the sale of the arms. The Messrs.
Remington ASons did not buy any arms or ammuni-
tion from this Department after about themiddleof
October, 1870, nor would any bid from them for such
articles have been entertained by the United States
subsequent to that date.
To the second prominent allegation which is con-
tained in the paper purporting to be a copy of a tele-
gram from Squire to Remington, and which is here-
with returned, X have the honor to reply that this
Department has no knowledge of any .influence
exerted in favor of, or for the success of, any trans-
action between the United States and Mr. Squire,
for himself or Messrs. Remington & Sons.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
WM. W. BELKNAP, Secretary of War.
To the Honorable the Secretary or State.
And whereas it appears from these several com-
munications not only that arms were sold, but that
ammunition was manufactured in the workshops
of the United States Government, and sold to one
Thomas Richardson, the known attorney of Messrs.
Remington & Sons, when the bids of the latter had
been thrown out for the reason that they were the
agents of the French Government;
And whereas it appears from the official report of
the Secretary of War that, in the year 1870-71, the
saleof ordnance stores reached the sum of $10,000,000,
from which, according to the report, only a small
sum was retained to meet the expenses of preparing
other stores for sale, while the official report of the
Secretary of the Treasury for the same year acknowl-
edges the receipt of only 18,236,131 70, showing a
difference of over $1,700,000;
And whereas a comparison of the accounts rendered
by the French Government for moneys expended by
its agents in the purchase of arms from the United
States, and the accounts rendered by the Govern-
ment of the United States for moneys received in
the same transaction, shows a large difference, which
seems to have given rise to the suspicion abroad that
United States officials have taken an undue part
therein;
And whereas the good nameof the American Gov-
ernment seems to be seriously compromised by these
incidents, and a just regard to national honor, as
well as to the interest of the Treasury, requires
that they should not be allowed to pass without the
most thorough inquiry: Therefore,
Resolved, That a select committee of seven bo
appointed to investigate all sales of ordnance stores
made by the Government of the United States dur-
ing the war between Franco and Germany; to ascer-
tain the persons to whom such sales were made, the
circumstances nnder which they were made, and tho
real parties in interest, and the sums respectively
paid and received by the real parties; and that
thfe committee have power to send for persons and.
papers; and that the investigation be conducted
in public.
Mr. HARLAN resumed the floor and con-
cluded the speech commenced by him yester-
day. [It will be found in the Appendix.1
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. President,
I cannot vote for the preamble to this resolu-
tion, and I am at a loss to see how any other
Senator can do so ; and the resolution I con-
sider entirely uncalled for.
This is a most anomalous and unusual pro-
ceeding. If it did not eome from one whose
patriotism I do not question, I should say that
it was a proceeding hostile to the interests
of the country. It is anomalous in this : with
no complaint from Prussia, although the mat-
ter involved in the resolution occurred in 1870,
we are referred to telegraphic dispatches, to
seraps from the correspondence of brokers,
and to recondite authorities, which are trans-
lated before us from the French for inter-
national law, for the purpose of showing that
our nation has violated her neutral_ obligations
to a friendly Power. An effort is made to
establish a case which, if successful, authorizes
Prussia to demand of our nation apology,
indemnity, and damages.
Sir, to effect that result is no part of my
mission to this Chamber; such is not my duty.
If I were here a representative of Prussia, I
would not feel authorized to make this case
against the United States unless I were so
directed by my Government. And I do not
understand that even the Prussian minister
complains of any violation of the neutral obli-
gations of this country toward his nation. It
is a volunteer movement on the part of the
American Senate to make a case against our
own country.
And, Mr. President, on what a trifling cob-
ble-house statement this charge against the
country is founded! Let me look at this pre-
amble for another purpose than that for which
my friend from Iowa has referred to it. The
firgt position taken is this ;
Whereas it appears from a recent cable telegram
that the committee of the French National.Assem-
hly on war contracts, has adopted a resolution ask-
ing the United States Government to furnish tho
result of inquiry into the conduct of American offi-
cials suspected of participating in the purchase of
arms, <fcc.
A telegram! From whom does it come?
It is anonymous; it does not come from the
French Government, and therefore should not
be respected by us. It does not appear to
whom it is directed, and as it is not directed to
our Government we should not notice it. The
Senate of the United States is asked to base
most important action and to make a case
against our own country because an anony-
mous telegram has reached here which refers
to a resolution! Why not wait for the resolu-
tion? If the French Government has any
right to ask our action, why does not the French
minister present his demand ?
The telegram says that American officials
are suspected. By whom they are suspected,
whether by the French Government or by indi-
viduals, does not appear. Certainly they are
not suspected by us; and it is most illogical for
as to base our action here on suspicions that
exist there. I might as well eat a dinner be-
cause some man in France is hungry. [Laugh-
ter.] I have heard of an old gentleman who,
dui'ing the season of the cholera, used to drink
freely of brandy and water whenever his wife
had any unpleasant feelings, [laughter;] hut I
never thought it was very logical. Quite as
much so, however, as for us to base grave
actiou in this country on suspicion entertained
in France.
Look at the next specification of the pre-
amble ;
Whereas one Squire, agent of Messrs. Reming-
ton & Sons, at New York, in a dispatch dated at
New York, October 8, 1870, addressed to Samuel
Remington, at Tours, in France, near the Govern-
ment of National Defense, uses the following lan-
guage: "We have the strongest influences working
for us, which will use all their efforts to succeed."
What is that, sir, but the mere brag of the
employ6 to make himself appear a great, man
to his employer, just as lobbyists write home
that they have brought the strongest influence
to bear upon .Senator A or Senator B, and that
the thing will work finely? The very preamble
itself shows that Mr. Squire's statement is in-
correct, for the Secretary of War, in the letter
recited below, says that in the middle of Octo-
ber, 1870, he had determined that he would
not receive a bid from Remington & Sons. It
was on the 15th of October he had made this
determination ; but Mr. Squire, on the 8th of
October, writes that he had this prodigious
influence at work. Ilis influence did not turn
out to be very potential, for his employer
seems to be the only man in all the world to
whom the American officials had determined
! they would not sell arms.
I The next statement of the preamble is the
