92
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[Fe'bruary'23,
Ho. of Reps.
Consular and Diplomatic Appropriations—Mr. VoorTiees.
42d Cong....2d Sess.
I am informed that this call has been re-
sponded to on the part of Spain with large
reinforcements. With over one hundred thou-
sand in May of last year, as I have shown,
these new troops, in September or later, con-
vey to all candid minds the idea of a terrible
and prolonged contest. In addition, however,
to all this, Spain has had for nearly two years
past over fifty vessels of war, carrying over
two hundred guns, beleaguering every inlet
and approach to that beautiful but ill-fated
island. Is the revolution at an end? I see
in the telegrams of this morning that another
iron-clad minister of destruction has been
added to the Spanish fleet in that quarter. Sir,
the island of Cuba is in a state of siege. A
vast army is on her soil. She is environed
with destruction. She is encompassed with
death. Her citizens are given up to slaughter.
Her fields are laid waste. Her cities are pil-
laged and torn by the license of a brutal mili-
tary mob. Every aspiration for liberty is
treated as the basest crime and punished with
sanguinary ferocity. How long must this be
so? Cuba is an American island ; she is sim-
ply a detached portion of American soil. I
speak not now, however, for annexation. No
one on my own side of the House need be
alarmed for fear of an increase to our negro
population. I speak to-day for recognition,
for Cuban independence, for Cuban liberty and
free government. I stand within the plain
principles of public law, and plead for their
application and enforcement.
It is claimed, however, by the enemies of
Cuban independence that though the war has
been prolonged, yet no great battles have been
fought. Even if this were true it would prove
nothing except the wisdom with which interior
forces are handled in the face of heavy odds.
Great wars, great in their principles and in
their results, have often taken place without
being marked by great battles. There were
long lapses during our own Revolution when
Washington did not offer or accept battle.
And even when he fought some of his most
important actions they were mere skirmishes
judgedby the gigantic conflicts of modern days.
Trenton was not a great battle viewed in this
light. There were but few engaged, and only
sixty-three Americans fell, yet it is a bright,
immortal landmark of liberty upon the high-
way of history. No doubt the ministers of
George III often sneered at Washington be-
cause he did not engage their forces whenever
and wherever they wished a battle to take
place.
No doubt the enemies of Rome proclaimed
her feebleness and speedy overthrow whenever
Fabius resorted to his wise and patient art of
warfare. But if it is contended that the Cu-
bans have no troops in the field because they
have not sought to engage the full strength of
the Spanish army, that proposition proves too
much. Does it require a hundred thousand
armed men, elaborate fortifications, vast trains
of field and siege artillery, and a fleet with two
hundred and fifty guns to hold in quiet sub-
jection an unarmed population of only one
million and a half? If so, it discloses a mili-
tary despotism so vast and so horrible that the
united voice of civilized mankind should go
up against it. It would show that the Govern-
ment of Spain did not receive the voluntary
submission of a single foot of Cuban soil;
and indeed this is almost literally true now.
Beyond the point of the bayonet Spanish au-
thority does not extend. It appears to me
from all the lights before me that the native-
born, the Creole population, intend to be free
or be buried in a ruined and devastated country.
Sir, if I have shown sufficiently the magni-
tude of this war between Spain and the people
of Cuba, let us next examine how it has in-
volved the honor and safety of American inter-
ests. Our intercourse with Cuba has neces-
sarily been close and constant; our trade has
been great; our citizens in all the pursuits
of life have frequented her at all times ; she
teems with the most bounteous gifts of nature;
her productive capacities are almost bound-
less ; she is a prolific post of commerce, and
American vessels have naturally swarmed
about her coasts. In connection with these
well known circumstances I call the attention
of the House and the country to the following
atr'ocious proclamation of Domingo Dulce,
then captain general of Cuba:
[Translation—Official.]
Superior Political Government
OF THE PfiOVINCE OF CUBA.
It being necessary for the better service of the
state, and with the firm determination that the in-
surrection already held in check by theforce of arms
in the interior shall receive no exterior aid that may
contribute to its prolongation, and to the ruin of
property, industry, and commerce, using the ex-
traordinary and discretional power in me vested by
the supreme government of the nation, I decree the
following:
Vessels which may be captured in Spanish waters
or on the high seas near to the island having on
board men, arms, and munitions, or effects that can
in any manner contribute, promote, or foment the
insurrection in this province, whatsoever their deri-
vation and destination, after examination of their
papers and register, shall be de facto considered as
enemies of the integrity of our territory, and treated
as pirates, in accordance with the ordinances of the
navy.
All persons captured in such vessels, without re-
gard to their number, will be immediately executed.
DOMINGO DULCE.
havana, March 24,1869.
Who could fail to foresee the results of such
a decree as this ? The vessels seized, and the
effects with which they were laden, were to be
passed upon and their character determined
by Spanish officials. To them belonged the
task of adjudging whether such vessels and
their cargoes might "in any manner contrib-
ute, promote, or foment the insurrection,"
and of denouncing against their passengers
and crews the instantaneous fate of pirates.
It is claimed that this infamous decree has
beei> modified, but I shall show that Ameri-
can citizens were shot to death under.it with-
out trial, and protesting their innocence and
their nationality. But how has it affected
American commerce and the honor of the
American flag? I cannot recall the events
of the last three years in the waters of the
West Indies without feelings of shame and
indignation. Seven American vessels have
been boarded and seized by the powerful
naval forces of Spain. Seven times the col-
ors that we proudly imagine are known and
honored in every clime and on every sea, have
been hauled down under the menace of Span-
ish guns. The Mary Powell, Lloyd Aspin-
wall, the Champion, the Lizzie Major, the
Fulton, the Florida, and the Hornet consti-
tute a catalogue of degradation which can
never be forgotten. May the spirits of Law-
rence and Decatur at no distant day walk the
deep, and wipe out in the blood of the Spaniard
the disgrace which excites only a feeble protest
now from the authorities of this Government.
But by what pretext has this constant na-
tional humiliation been inflicted on us?
This brings me to the consideration of the
treaty of ] 795. By that instrument the United
States has concedcd to Spain, under certain
circumstances, the right to search American
vessels on the high seas. This right, however,
is simply that of a belligerent under the law
of nations, and in order that she may lawfully
exercise it she must admit that she is engaged
in actual war. By the exercise of this right
she does admit, beyond cavil or evasion, a state
of war between her and her revolted subjects
of Cuba. Spain is absolutely estopped on this
question. This Government should compel
her to admit that she seized the vessels I have
named as a belligerent engaged in war with
another Power, having also belligerent rights,
or declare war against her inside of the next
sixty days. This is a logical conclusion from
which there is no escape; nor has the Secre-
tary of State been blind to it. He has repeat-
edly called the attention of the authorities of
Spain to it, but he has stopped there. He has
seen the path of duty, but he has shrank from
walking in it. He has beheld the right and
pursued the wrong.
Sir, is Spain engaged in war? If she is not,
we stand disgraced before the nations of the
earth for her insults to our flag. If she is, and
claims her rights under the treaty of 1795, let
us say so, and then extend a proper recogni-
tion to the other party to the conflict. Short
of this is national dishonor. When we sub-
mit under that treaty to the seizure and search
of our vessels are we afraid to say that there
is another party to the strife which makes our
submission necessary and lawful ? If Spain is
a belligerent, and has belligerent rights, so has
the republic of Cuba, however sore and hard-
pressed may be her condition. If there is one
belligerent there are two, and it is more than
the fullness of time for this Government to
have the courage and the consistency to pro-
claim that fact to the world.
But how has this war still further affected
American interests? The conduct of Spain
toward American citizens who have fallen into
her power has been most inhuman and bar-
barous. Let me revive some bitter but whole-
some recollections. I speak with the official
records in my hand. Charles Speakman was
born in Aurora, Indiana, the town where my
distinguished colleague [Mr. Holman] resides.
He was an humble man, but was entitled to
the protection of his Government at every
hazard, as much so as if ho had borne her
proudest titles. The proof shows that he
shipped from New York as a sailor for the
port of Falmouth, Jamaica, with not the re-
motest intention of lafiding in Cuba. The
vessel, however, was run ashore on that island,
and he was left unarmed and alone. He sur-
rendered himself to the first persons he met.
There was no pretense that he was engaged in
hostilities. He had harmed no one. Yet he
was taken into custody at nightfall, and the
next morning as the sun was rising he died,
shot to death by Spanish musketry, crying out
with his dying breath that he was an American
citizen, innocent of any offense toward Spain,
and in the peaceful pursuit of his own lawful
affairs. His appeal died away in the air; the
soil drank up his blood. Then the two na-
tions corresponded about it in the most deco-
rous and voluminous manner, and more than
a year afterward we were gravely informed
by the Spanish minister that his Government
had decided that Charles Speakman was law-
fully executed on the morning of the 17th
of June, 1869. I have carefully studied all
the details of this case. It was a sickening
and revolting murder. Even the Spanish Gov-
ernor of Santiago de Cuba at the time did not
pretend to justify it, but alleged that he could
not prevent it on account of the ferocity of the
mob. Albert Wyeth fell at the same time and
in the same inhuman manner. He was a young
man from Chambersburg, Pennsylvania, but
twenty years of age. Out of health he sailed as
he supposed for Jamaica. His death without
trial, and in the face of his protestations, fol-
lowed immediately upon his unexpected land-
ing on the coast of Cuba. But these young
men are not alone in their miserable fates.
I have here a list of eight American citizens
who have been put to death by Spain in Cuba
without trial, and while, as they protested, they
were engaged in their lawful and peaceful
pursuits. I find their names in the official
correspondence between the Government that
butchered them and their own Government,
that stood by consenting to their death. Is
this a pleasant theme on which to dwell ? Does
it not bow every American head with shame,
