1936
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
IN SENATE.
Moxday, March 25, 1872.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. J. A. McCau-
lby, D. D., of Washington.
The Journal of the proceedings of Friday
last was read and approved.
Mr. PRATT. I ask the unanimous eonjsent
of the Senate that I may be allowed to call up
this morning Senate bill No. 662, authorizing
the construction of a railroad bridge across
the Ohio river at Mount Vernon, Indiana. If
the bill is taken up I will give way, of course,
to the morning business. It is a bill reported
by the Committee on Commerce.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It requires unan-
imous consent. Is there objection to the prop-
osition of the Senator from Indiana?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. It is exceed-
ingly inconvenient to be asking the permission
of Senators to allow this, that, or the other bill
to come up. I think the morning business had
better be first disposed of.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Vermont insists upon the morning business,
which is an objection.
Mr. CRAG1N. The Senator from Indiana
may not be aware that the Committee on Com-
merce have to-day for their business, and this
bill will come up in its order. To-day is set
apart for that committee.
Mr. PRATT. Has any day been assigned
as yet?
The VICE PRESIDENT. To'dayhas been
assigned for business reported from the Com-
mittee on Commerce, but it is subject to the
unfinished business, which is the tariff bill.
If that should be set aside, passed over in-
lormally, laid on the table, or recommitted,
ihe order for to-day will operate for the ben-
efit of the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. PRATT. I was not aware of that. I
withdraw my request.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION?.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate a letter of the Secretary of the Navy,
communicating, in compliance with a Senate
resolution of December 20, 1871, a statement
in relation to the expenses of vessels on the
coast of San Domingo; which, on motion of
Mr. Sumner, was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed.
He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of \\rar, communicating, in compli-
ance with a Senate resolution of February 9,
1872, information relative to the estimated
cost of improving the navigation of Red river,
at or near Tone's bp.you; which was ordered
to lie on the table, and be printed.
^ He also laid before the Senate a letter of the
Secretary of War, communicating, in compli-
ance with a Senate resolution of March 8,
1871, information in relation to the wharf or
river frontage used by the United States at
New Orleans; which was ordered to lie on
the table, and be printed.
REMOVAL OF CAUSES FROM STATU COL'UTS.
The VICE PRESIDENT laid before the
Senate the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives to the bill (S. No. 792) in addition
to an act entitled '-Au act to amend an act
entitled 1 An act for the removal of causes
in certain cases from St%te courts, ' approved
July 27, 18G0," approved March 2, "1867;
which was referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
HOUSE BILLS KRf'EIUiED.
The following bills received from the House
of Representatives were read twice by their
titles, and referred to the Committee on Naval
Affairs:
A bill (H. R. No. 903) for the l'clief of
George A. Stevens, United States Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 2052) to authorize the
advancement of Chief Engineer John W.
Moore on the list of chief engineers in ths
Navy;
A bill (H. R. No. 2058) authorizing the
nomination and appointment to the retired
list_ of the Navy of certain volunteers on the
active list of the Navy who are disabled in
consequence of wounds received during the
late war;
A bill (H. R. No. 2048) for the relief of
Robert A. Mayo, of Richmond, Virginia; and
A bill (H. R. No. 2055) for the relief of
H. C. Christopher, G-. W. Beard, C. A. Uber,
Edward Stiles, and N. H. Lamdin.
The bill (H. it. No. 2049) granting a pen-
sion to Mrs. Margaret Webber was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. COLE presented a resolution of the
Legislature of California, in favor of raising
the weight of silver coin to the standard of the
year 1850; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Finance, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented the memorial of William
Pearson and James G. Pearson, heirs of Wil-
liam Pearson, deceased, praying to be indem-
nified for spoliations committed by the French
prior to the year 1801 ; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of California, in favor of the passage of
a law donating the net proceeds of the sale of
the public lands of the United States to the
several States and Territories in which such
lands are situated for the support of common
schools ; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Education and Labor, and ordered to
be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of California, in favor of the restoration
of all lands withdrawn for the purpose of aid-
ing the construction of the Placerville and
Sacramento Valley railroad to homestead and
preemption : which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, raid ordered to be
printed.
He also presented a concurrent resolution
of the Legislature of California, in relation to
the construction of a sea-wall to form a break-
water, to provide a place of refuge for vessels
coasting on the North Pacific ocean, on the
coasts of California and Oregon, and in favor
of an appropriation to commence the construc-
tion of such a sea-wall or breakwater in Trini-
dad harbor, in the State of California; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. SPENCER presented the petition of
James W. Davis, of Bibb county, Alabama,
praying the removal of his political disabili-
ties; which was referred to the select Com-
mittee on (,he Removal of Political Disabili-
ties.
Mr. SCOTT presented the petition of John
Beatty, in behalf of himself, his brother, and
two sisters, surviving children of the late Dr.
Reading Beatty, praying for the amount of pay
due him as surgeon of artillery in the war of
the Revolution; which was referred to the
Committee on Revolutionary Claims.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Schuylkill county, Pennsylvania, praying the
passage of a law taxing distilleries accord-
ing to their actual capacity; such capacity to
be ascertained by practical men; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Pennsylvania praying the establishment of a
post route from Beatty's Station to Pleasant
Unity, by way of Sycippus, in Westmoreland
county, Pennsylvania; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented six memorials of citizens
of Pennsylvania, New York, Massachusetts,
and New Jersey, remonstrating against the
proposed reduction of the duty on earthenware
and stoneware; also praying the enactment of
a law imposing a specific "duty of seven dollars
per ton on all foreign earthenware, stoneware,
clay drain or sewer-pipes, and chimney-flues,
and a duty of nine dollars per ton on the bends,
branches, and other fittings of such pipes and
flues, and a duty of ten dollars per ton on all
foreign clay chimney-tops; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
Mr; BLAIR presented a petition of citizens
of the United States, praying that Henry Gar-
rett, of Caroline county, Virginia, be allowed
compensation for property destroyed by United
States troops in the capture of J. Wilkes Booth ,
which was referred to the Committee on Claim-.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia, presented
the memorial of Benjamin Holladay, of New
York, praying relief for spoliations committed
by Indians while carrying the United State.;
mails; which was referred to the Committee
on Indian Affairs.
Mr. OSBORN presented the petition of John
L. Ahearn, of Pensacola, Florida, praying
the removal of his political disabilities; which
was referred to the select Committee on the
Removal of Political Disabilities.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Ohio, late soldiers of the Army of the
United States, praying legislation to give all
soldiers, sailors, and marines who served
honorably and were discharged after such ser-
vice, and their heirs, if deceased, $8 33J per
month for the time served, deducting Gov-
ernment bounty heretofore paid; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
He also presented a petition of surviving
soldiers of the wars of 1812 and 1861, for them-
selves and their comrades' widows and orphans,
praying Congress to legislate during the pres-
ent winter so as to give pensions to all soldiers
of 1812, and their widows, without any excep-
tions ; to equalize all bounties to soldiers of
1861, so as to give $8 33J per month for every
month of service without any exceptions; to
allow without limitations back pensions to tim^
of wound or disability to all pensioners of
1861; to give a land warrant for one hundred
and sixty acres of land to every soldier of 1861,
and where the soldier is dead, thc-n to his widow
ojr children; to establish a soldiers' commis-
sion, similar to the labor commission, com-
posed of three piivate soldiers of ability and
character, to inquire into and report annually
upon the claims and grievances of the defender s
of the Union ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
He also presented the petition of Manual
Roberts, of Newburyport, Massachusetts,
praying to be allowed a pension; which wa;
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. FENTON presented the petitioii of
Almira H. Thompson, praying to be allowed
a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Catharine
LaVoutnre, ofNewYork, praying to be allowed
a pension; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of E. Hinds,
of Hempstead, Long Island, New York, pray-
ing Congress to pass a law to enable quali-
fied voters to give an authoritative prelimin-
ary indication of their first and second choice
for President and V ice President; which wa,
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of tilt-
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Henderson, in
Sibley county, by way of Prairie Mound and
Mantorville, in Sibley county, and Round
Grove, in McLeod county, to Beaver Fall 3,
in Renville county, Minnesota; which wa-
referred to the Commit,tc-e on Post Officer
and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Leqi--
lature of Minnesota, in favor of the estahh«h-
route from Worthington or
Okabena lake, in Nobles county, Minnesn'a,
to Dell City, Dakota Territory; which wa.->
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature ofjtfinnesota. in favor of a mail route
