2832
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
to the Government the use of the same for postal,
military, and other purposes," excepting so far as
the provisions thereof conflict with this act. #
Wnenever the words "by day" are used in this
act they shall be construed to mean between the
hours of seven o'clock ante meridian and seven
o'clock post meridian. " By night" shall mean be-
tween the hours of seven o'clock post meridian and
seven o'clock ante meridian.
Sec. 14. That the Postal Telegraph Company is
chartered on condition that it shall contract with
the Postmaster General for the transmission oi tel-
egrams by telegraph for the compensation named
in the second section hereof, and in accordance with
the provisions of this act; and if it shall unreason-
ably refuse or neglect to make such contract, then
the franchise of said company and all its rights
shall thereupon cease and be determined, and the
Postmaster General shall thereupon contract with
any other responsible corporation who will agree
to perform the service on the terms and conditions
recited and contained in this act. If, at the expira-
tion of such contract, the Postmaster General shall
offer to renew thesamefor a further term, the said
company shall acccpt such offer and make such
contract. Congress shall have the right at any time
to purchase all the lines and property of said com-
pany according to the provisions of an act of Con-
gress of July 24,1866, before referred to.
Src. 15. That Congress may at anytime alter or
amend this act, and the Postmaster General shall
prescribe all rules and regulations necessary for the
execution of its provisions, and not herein provided
or contrary hereto. He shall fix the time for the
opening of the postal telegraph offices.
Mr. RAMSEY. Mr. President, the rates
under the present telegraph system are high
and irregular; the facilities for using it, ex-
cepting in large cities, are limited, while the
business is unregulated by any uniform or
competent law. The ownership and control
are centralizing in the hands of one man. The
same parties now direct the Western Union Tel-
egraph Company, the New York Central rail-
road line to the West, the Union Pacific rail-
road, and the Atlantic and Pacific Telegraph
Company, affording the greatest instance of
the centralization of power in the hands of
private parties the world has ever seen.
The object of the bill now before the Senate
is to reduce and simplify the rates, increase
the facilities, regulate the business by law, pre-
vent that centralization of power so dangerous
to the interests of the people, and to restrain
and regulate the use of the telegraph, so that it
can be wielded neither by an individual, how-
ever wealthy and great, a corporation, or the
Executive, to the detriment of the people.
The bill recognizes the telegraph as an in-
strumentality for the exchange of correspond-
ence, since a telegram differs from a letter
only in the method of its transmission._ It
establishes a postal telegraph system, provides
for the reception and delivery of telegrams
through the post office, and their transmission
between the post offices by parties who agree
to furnish and operate the lines, under con-
tract for a term of years.
An analysis and explanation of the several
sections of the bill will fully explain its opera-
tions.
The telegraph is now a railroad system, the
offices in the country are at railroad stations,
which are not, like post offices, located only
with reference to the accommodation of the
people.
The first section provides for the establish-
ment of postal telegraph offices at post offices
on or near the line of telegraph where the gross
receipts are $500 a year, and at such other
places as the wants of business may require,
it will not close any office, but will add many
new ones. The great convenience that will
be thereby afforded is illustrated by the Eng-
lish system, where nineteen hundred postal
telegraph offices have been opened within two
years, and eighteen hundred and twenty of
the offices at railroad stations continued ; but
the postal offices are u so much more conven-
ient in all respects to the public that ninety-
one per cent, of the whole number of messages
are forwarded from them, and only nine per
cent from the railway system." (Report of
Mr. Scudamore.)
The second section fixes uniform rules for
equal distances. A comparison of the pro-
posed with the present rates from Washington
will show the reduction:
Distances from New York.
Under two hundred and fifty miles 
Between two hundred and fifty and five hun-
dred mites 
Between five hundred and one thousand miiea..
Between one thousand and fifteen hundred
miles 
Over fifteen hundrod miles 
Day rates.
Present
rates.
$0 39
0 78
1 14
2 42
5 00
Postal
rates.
$0 25
0 50
0 7o
1 00
1 50
Reduc-
tion.
Per cent.
33*
35
58
70
Night rates.
Present
rates.
$0 39
0 57
1 21
5 00
Postal
rates.
$0 25
0 25
0 50
1 00
Reduc-
tion.
Per cent.
33t
56
58
Under the present system ten free words are
allowed, exclusive of address and signature ;
under the postal system, twenty-five words,
including address and signature, which allows
on the average eighteen free words, making a
gain of eighty per cent. The rates in the bill
are based on the report of the War Depart-
ment to the Postmaster General fixing the
rates to be paid by the Government for all
its telegrams. In this report these rates are
said after a careful examination to be forty-
five per cent, less than the rates now paid,
and yet high enough to allow of a fair
profit. This is as great a reduction as should
be made at one time, on account of the diffi
culty of providing for the increased business
resulting from so great a reduction of rates.
I he second section also provides for the
repayment of the amount received for tele-
grams, when there is a mistake or delay in
their transmission, and for registered tele-
grams which will have priority in transmission
op prepayment of double rates. This pro-
vision is copied from foreign telegraph sys-
tems. In the countries where it is in operation
about ten per cent, of the telegrams are of
this class. It legalizes what is now done indi-
rectly and contrary to law, as in the case of
the news of the commercial bureau, which
takes precedence over other telegrams.
For the purpose of reducing the expenses
by simplifying the accounts, and of securing
the inviolability of telegrams, the third section
provides for the prepayment of telegrams by
stamps, for furnishing stamps and stamped
papers, and for the destruction of all tele-
grams monthly where they are not forwarded
by mail, instead of keeping the originals and
letter-press copies indefinitely.
The fourth section provides for telegraphic
money-order offices.
The fifth section relates to the transmission
of commercial and press news, and fixes the
rates for specials at about one half the present
charges ; gives every association and paper the
right to the news at fixed prices, instead of
leaving the press at the mercy of the telegraph
company, as it now is. It authorizes every
paper to have a private wire leading directly
from the office of its correspondent to the
office of the paper, to be operated by its own
clerk, thus removing all possibility of inspec-
tion of the news.
The sixth section provides, by a Fourth
Assistant Postmaster General, for a general
supervision of the administration of the tele-
graph. In order to insure that harmony and
efficiency, which might otherwise be wanting
where the operators are appointed by another
party, the Assistant Postmaster General will
prescribe all rules necessary^ to insure the
prompt and correct transmission and delivery
of all telegrams, and enforce them by suitable.
fines and penalties.
The seventh section relates to the transmis-
sion of telegrams. Two methods are now in
operation for contracting for the transmission
of the mails. Where there is a fixed per-
manent way, as in railroads requiring a large
investment in realty, Congress fixes the com-
pensation, and the Postmaster General con-
tracts at these rates. Where there is no fixed
investment in a permanent way, but the mere
use of the roadway by coaches and horses, it is
let by contract to the lowest bidder. More than
onehalfofttie mileage and three fourths in bulk
of the mails are transported by contract at rates
fixed by Congress. The lines of telegraph are
fixed and permanent, belonging to the realty.
In carrying out the policy adopted in such cases
the seventh section authorizes the Postmaster
General to contract with the Postal Telegraph
Company for the transmission of telegrams for
a term of ten years at the rates above named,
less hve cents on each telegram for the ex-
penses assumed by the Post Office, the com-
pany to furnish and keep in repair all neces-
sary lines, to employ competent operators,
good instruments, all the equipments re-
quired, and to transmit promptly all tele-
grams. The company is to confine its busi-
ness within the limits prescribed by the act,
and to conform to all rules and regulations
made by the Postmaster General. The As-
sistant Postmaster General is required to ex-
amine all lines, direct whatever alterations,
improvements, repairs, or extensions may
be required. If the company after the pre-
scribed notice fail, he is authorized to make
them at its expense. To give all necessary
security the entire property ot the company is
bound for the performance of its contract.
The eighth section provides for the security
of correspondence by telegraph. It gives every
one the right to send telegrams, makes them,
like letters, privileged communications, and
punishes by tine and imprisonment any one
who willfully postpones the transmission or
delivery or divulges the conteuts of any mes-
sage.
The ninth section authorizes the Postmaster
General to reduce the rates whenever it can be
done without reducing the dividends below tea
per cent, a year. To guard against discrim-
inating taxation, it authorizes the Po.-tmaster
General to increase the rates on all telegrams
between offices m any State where taxes are
imposed on the property of the company. It
provides for returns to the Postmaster General
and to the company of the receipts for stamps
sold, and the number of telegrams transmitted.
In conformity with the existing laws by which
letter postage must be paid on letters trans-
mitted outside the mails, a postage of five
cents must be paid to the Department on all
telegiams transmitted by any other lines than
those of companies now in operation.
By the provisions of this act the Department
will furnish thg stamps and stamped paper for
the telegram, will keep an account of the num-
ber transmitted, their stamped value, and the
number and value of stamps sold. It will re-
ceive the telegram, deliver it to and receive it
from the operator, will furnish envelopes,
direct and deliver them j will furnish room for
the employes, instruments and batteries of
the company ; for these services it will receive
a postage of five cents on each telegram.
The Department now furnish stamps for
letters and papers, keeps full accounts of the
number and value of all sold, receive letters,
deliver them to and receive them from the con-
tractor, and deliver them one third by carrier,
the rest through the post office. The cost of
these office expenses is one and eight tenths
