1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2833
cents on each letter.* The postage on each
telegram will be five cents, or three and two
tenths cents for the extra cost of the telegram
over the letter, which it is believed is sufficient
to cover this cost, and to yield a small net
revenue to the Department.
The introduction of stamps will effect an
entire change in the telegraph system of ac-
counts, and greatly simplify and reduce the
expenses.
The telegraph business can be more econom-
ically, correctly, and promptly performed by a
single corporation, whose lines cover with its
net-work the entire country, and which by cable
connections girdle the world, than by a num-
ber of corporations either operating in di fferent
sections or in competition in the same district.
The necessity of regulating a business whose
operations are so extensive, and by which all
the money exchanges between remote places
will soon be made, isevident to all. This can
only be effectually accomplished by laws
which shall operate directly on the party per-
forming the service, and only systematically
regulated and controlled when performed by a
corporation deriving its power from Congress,
and responsible to it for the manner in which
the service is performed.
In pursuance of this object, the tenth sec-
tion incorporates the postal telegraph com-
pany in the city of Washington for the per-
formance of the postal telegraph service with
the powers usually given to corporations. It
confers no right of eminent domain, for none
is required, since every State gives the right of
constructing lines to any telegraph company.
It requires the company to render annual ac-
counts of all its receipts and expenditures made
up as the Postmaster General shall direct.
The eleventh section fixes the capital of the
company on its organization at $1,000,000 " for
the expenses of organization and connection
: of its lines with the postal telegraph offices."
It authorizes the purchase of existing lines
- subject to the approval of the Postmaster Gen-
: eral. By act of July 24, 1866, the United
States acquired the right to purchase any line
of telegraph accepting the provisions of that
act at an appraised value to be fixed by arbi-
trators, in whose appointment the telegraph
company should have an equal voice. All the
companies have assented .to this provision.
The telegraph companies contend that the
establishment of a telegraphic system by Con-
.gress would depreciate the value of their lines.
To meet this objection, this section provides
that if any of these companies desire to sell
L their lines, the postal telegraph company shall
■ purchase them at a price fixed by appraisers
. chosen in the manner above provided. It lso
authorizes the company to issue stock at par
to an amount equal to the actual cost of all
lines so purchased or acquired, and for the
cost of all lines constructed by it.
: , The twelfth section provides for the transfer
of the property of companies selling their lines,
and for the acquisition of a good title therein.
The thirteenth section authorizes the com-
: pany to establish offices at its own expense,
independent of the postal telegraph offices, to
> be assumed at any time by the Postmaster
General, and authorizes any postmaster to act
, as an operator. It also provides for the refer-
ence of questions arising between the com-
; pany ana the Po.stmaster General to three
r arbitrators appointed by the Attorney General.
The charter by the fourteenth section is made
; conditional on the colnfiany' s making the con-
. tract with the Postmaster General on . the
: terms named in .the bill. It authorizes Con-
; Egress to purchase the lines at any time at an
; appraised value in'accordance with the act of
: July 24, 1866.
*,,*The expenditures of the Department for 1871
i were for transmission; of mails, $13,869,000; other ez-
: penses, $10,720,000; total. $24,390,000. There were
f transmitted 602,800,000 letters; cost for transmission
I two and two tenths cents; other or office expenses,
> one and eight tenths Cents: total, four cents.
; 42d Cong, 2d Sess.—No. 178.
The fifteenth section authorizes Congress at
any time to alter or amend the act, and gives
the Postmaster General the power to prescribe
all rules and regulations necessary for the exe-
cution of the provisions of the act.
The question has been raised whether the
rates fixed by the bill will pay. The redac-
tion proposed is about the same with that
made by Great Britain. The rate there is uni-
form ; one shilling or twenty-five cents. The
telegraphic receipts for 1871 were £750.000;
expenses, £4'20,000; net receipts, $1,650,000
or £830,000; about five per cent, on the cost
of the lines.
The Western Union Telegraph Company, in
a memorial to Congress remonstrating against
the passage of this bill, say it is " of immense
pecuniary value."
The statistics of the telegraph business in
Europe and the United States show that the
expenses do not increase with the business;
that an increase of one hundred per cent, in
the business increases the expense about sixty
per cent., and, therefore, if the rates are re-
duced thirty-seven and a half per cent., the net
profits will not be diminished.
The business now pays the largest profits at
the East, where the rates are about one half as
much as at the West. The proposed rates be-
ing uniform, will effect a very much larger
reduction at the West than at the East, with a
very great increase of business and of profits.
It is the case of a small business and large
profits against a large business and small prof
its. The officials prefer the former, the peo-
ple the latter.
The expenses do not increase with the dis-
tance of transmission. The actual cost of
transmitting a message one thousand miles is
not much greater than for five hundred miles,
but the present rates are twice as high for the
former as the latter, consequently only a lim-
ited business is transacted. By this bill the
reduction is the greatest on the long circuits,
twenty-five cents for a night message one
thousand miles, the old postage for a letter.
These rates will utilize the telegraph wires by
night as well as by day, and must lead to a
great increase of business, with a fair profit,
and inestimable benefit to the people.
This bill has been very fully considered by
this committee at three sessions of Congress,
and all parties, including the president of the
Western Union Telegraph Company, heard at
great length. The committee have reported
three times in its favor. It has been again
considered very carefully and amended, and it is
believed now protects the rights of all parties,
and is now reported by the unanimous vote of
the committee.
The adoption of the postal telegraph sys-
tem will effect a reduction of rates of fifty per
cent; on long distances a very much greater
reduction, as each Senator can ascertain by
comparing the prices he now pays for telegrams
from his own home with those he would pay
under this bill. This is a larger reduction
than that obtained in Great Britain ; that at
a cost of many million dollars, this without
expense to the Government; that accompa-
nied by a transfer of power to the Executive
and a great increase of patronage, this with-
out any such increase of power or patronage;
that concentrated the power in the Executive,
this takes away the greatest power a private
corporation has ever controlled, and divides
that power so that it cannot be used against
the people. It gives a cheaper telegraph in
proportion to the distance of transmission than
is possessed by any other country, and will
bring the telegraphic letter within the means
of all.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. Petitions and
memorials are now in order.
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. I ask unanimous
consent to take up House bill No. 694, to pre-
vent cruelty to animals while in transit by rail-
road or other means of transportation within
the United States. I will give way for morn-
ing business if it is taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Now Jersey asks unanimous consent to
take up a bill subject to the morning business.
Mr. CASSEREY. I think that bill will give
rise to debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from California objects.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer resolutions, in the
nature of a petition, adopted at a large public
meeting mainly of colored citizens of Wash'
ington, presided over by George P. Fisher,
and with J. E. Carter as secretary. One of
the resolutions adopted is in this form :
"That we earnestly and respectfully petition the
Congress of the United States for the immediate
passage of the bill introduced by Mr. Sumner, and
favorably reported upon by the Senate committee,
to secure equal rights in the public schools of Wash-
ington and Georgetown."
And they further resolve " that a copy of
the preamble and resolutions be immediately
forwarded to Congress." One of the resolu-
tions declares—
" That it is of the highest importance to both
races that the children of ouch be so educated that
they will grow into manhood free from every vestige
of prejudice and caste—a result to be accomplished
only by the means proposed by the bill now pend-
ing."
They also say—
" That the arguments advanced by those who are
opposed to the passage of the bill are inconsistent
as those heretofore advanced in opposition to the
rights already conceded."
As this bill is now before the Senate, I move
that this preamble and these resolutions lie
upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I ask the Senate to
be good enough to take up the bill to secure
equal rights in the schools of the District of
Columbia, and I will say that if it is taken up
I will cheerfully give way to the morning busi-
ness.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ The Senator
from Massachusetts asks unanimous consent
that the bill reported from the District Com-
mittee in regard to schools in the District of
Columbia be taken up.
Mr. JOHNSTON. I object.
Mr. SUMNER. Do I understand the Sen-
ator as objecting to taking it up?
Mr. JOHNSTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very sorry.
Mr. FENTON. I present a petition of the
Workingmen's Assembly of the State of New
York, who feel aggrieved by the present inter-
nal revenue law relating to the manufacture
of cigars, and more especially by section
eighty-two of the law of 1868, imposing taxes
on distilled spirits, tobacco, &c., and pray-
ing Congress for the repeal of that portion
of the law relating to the bond system, and the
amendment of that clause relating to the special
tax upon manufacturers of cigars, so that it may
be proportionate according to the number of
persons employed, or the number of cigars
manufactured. This petition is signed by
William J. Jessup, president of the assembly,
on behalf of the fifteen thousand workingmen
represented at the annual session held in
Albany, January 23, 24, 25, and 26, 1872. I
move that the petition be referred to the Com-
mittee on ]?inance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I present two petitions signed
by soldiers and sailors, asking for the passage
of the bill in favor of industrial homes and
training scools for orphans. I move that
these petitions, and petitions of a like char-
acter, and also the bill (S. No. 874) to incorpo-
rate the National Union Soldiers'and Sailors'
Orphan Industrial Training School Associa-
tion, reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs on that subject, be committed tc the
Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCOTT presented a resolution of the
