1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1041
letter of Remington. What is there in that?
The point of the letter is that the Government
had agreed to have cartridges manufactured
to bo sold with the arms, if the sale of the
arms was unla* i'ul, making the cartridges was
an aggravation of the wrong; but if tne gale
of the arms was lawful, the making of car-
tridges in order to effect tlie sale was also
lawful. If a man steals a horse and sells him
it may be some aggravation that he sells the
stolen blanket and halter with him ; but if he
sell a horse that he owns, honestly selling the
blanket and halter with him does not change
the character of the transaction.
The next point in the preamble is the letter
from the Secretary of War, in which he says
that he sold these arms to Itichardson and
had the cartridges manufactured in order to
effect the sale.
That is the testimony, and that is all of it.
Those four points constitute the whole founda-
tion upon which this superstructure is reared!
Now, we come to the original suggestions
of the mover:
"Whereas it appears from theso several communi-
cations, not only that arms were sold, but that am-
munition was manufactured in the workshops of the
United States Government and sold to one Thoiuas
ItichanUon, the known a! torney of Messrs. Reming-
ton Sons, when the bids ot the latter had been
thrown out for the reason that they were the agents
oi' the Trench Uovernuient.
Ilere wo find a most important inaccuracy.
The whole point of this specification is that
llichardson was, a? is here stated, "the known
attorney" of Remington & Sons, the French
agents. This important fact the preamble
asserts appears by the preceding communica-
tions, and these communications show no such
fact, neither do they tend to show it.
Then the next specification runs thus:
Whereas it appears from tho official report of the
Son ctary of War that it) the year 1S70-71 the sale of
oidnaiice stoma reached tho sum ol iflU.OOOMt), irom
"wineli, accenting to the i eport, only a small sum was
retained to meet tins expenses of preparing other
store11 for sale, while the otlicial report ot the Seci o-
tarv ot the Treasury for the same year acknowledges
the receiptol only 70, showing a difference
of over &1,7UO,UOO.
Why, Mr. President,, we are practical men,
acquainted with affairs, and are not novices.
Did it ever occur that, one who was about to
pilfer and abstract $1,700,000 made the entry
in his books that he had received the full sum
for which he was to account, the $10,01)0,000,
ahd then, after ho had abstracted the money,
put it in the fore-front of his report that he had
received $10,000,000, and sowed the report
broadcast over the country, so that every man
who could read should have the full proof of
his guilt ? Addressed to men acquainted with
IsIo the charge of guilt is an absurdity. This
charge has been sufficiently refuted, however.
The preamble next asserts that—
, A comparison of the accounts rendered by the
French Government lor moneys expended by its
agents in the purchase of arms in the United States,
and the accounts rendered by the Government ot
the United Slates for moneys received in the same
transaction, shows a large difference, which seeins
to have (riven rise to the suspicion abroad that tho
United States olliciais have taken an undue part
therein.
As has been properly inquired by my friend
from Iowa, does the standing of American
officials, the integrity of our leading men,
depend upon the correctness with which ac-
counts are kept in France? if so, it becomes
the officers of this nation, who would guard
their integrity or reputation, to have some
expert accountant on hand to see that the
French accounts are accurately kept. The
difference in these two accounts only show
that those who sold to France obtained for
the arms more than our Government sold
lliem lor.
Then comes (lie last specification ; and per-
mit me to say that 1 cannot conceive how any
Senator, of either political party, or even the
mover of the resolution, can ever vote for a
resolution containing this allegation:
Whereas the good namo of tho American Gov-
ernment seems to be seriously compromised by these
incidents.
42b Com 2d Sess.—No.. 66.
What Senator is willing to make his record
that the incidents to which I have referred,
and that is all of it, seriously compromise the
good name of his country? Do we hold that
name so cheap, our country's honor so light,
that we will make such a charge against it on
such grounds? To maintain that honor, one
clarion note would bring half a million stal-
wart men around this capital, who, leaving
their homes, their wives, and their children,
would stand ready to have th« land furrowed
again with their graves. We cannot vote that
the fair name of our country is seriously com-
promised, or that her honor is violated. I
hope at the end of this session to return to my
home; but were I to give such a vote, the
''boys in blue " of my town, who have changed
their uniform for the livery of industry, with
their overalls and leather aprons on, would
meet me in the street and demand by what,
authority I entered a cognovit, or confessed
judgment against the honor of their country;
that they had once tendered their lives to
maintain it, and were ready now, if needs be,
to die for it. Sir, they have little of this
world's goods, but the nation's honor is their
jewel, and they would visit with scorn and
condemnation the man who dare3 to trample
that jewel under his feet.
No, sir, the fair name of America is not
seriously compromised by these incidents, is
not compromised «t all, and 1 do not believe
that there will be found ihany Senators of
either party so to declare.
Mr. President, it would be grateful to the
American people, and would harmonize with
their estimate of the distinguished Senator
from Massachusetts, ifhe would even now with-
draw that preamble.
I do not, sir, adopt for my maxim of duty
the motto " my country, my country right or
wrong;" but i do leel at perlect liberty to
abstain from making to Prussia the suggestion
ihat we have injured her. 1 feel at perfect
liberty to abstain from inciting her to dissat-
isfaction and possible resentment. I feel
no obligation upon me to suggest to foreign
nations that we have violated rights when such
violation has never occurred to them.
And more, sir: there are in our country
hundreds of thousands of citizens, valued and
honored, who claim the country which this
preamble necessarily implies that we have
injured as their fatherland. It is the home
ot their homes; there sacred memories and
fond associations still linger; and they are
naturally sensitive as to any injustice to their
native land ; and I would hesitate long before
1 said a word or gave a vote calculated to
excite the animosities of our adopted citizens
against our country or its Government,. There
is in this case no ground tor such animosity.
But, sir, lei the investigation pioceed. Let
it be full, speedy, and thorough. Let it be
before an unbiased and impartial tribunal. No
one accused can ever afford to be tried by his
accuser or a biased court. It is because of
this consideration that I should be unwilling
to have the resolution referred to a special
committee, as by parliamentary courtesy the
chairman of this special eomdiittee would be
one who ill the preamble has expressed his
convictions against the propriety of conduct
of those to whom the investigation relates. I
trust the resolution will be so amended that
the reference will be to the committee created
for the purpose of such investigations.
Fraud, too, is to be investigated. _ Sir,
charges of fraud have become epidemic in
this country, and the people are very suscep-
tible. That condition of things will not long
continue. A pleasant day in June, about the
meridian of Philadelphia, will see this malady
disappear, and we shall be again a harmonious
brotherhood. In the mean time I sympathize
with the Senator from Massachusetts nearest
to me [Mr. Wilson] in the remarks which lie
made yesterday deprecating the habit which
exists here, ia the press, and in the laud,
unnecessarily to censure and criticise oiir
public men, often unjustly detracting from
their character. I believe that our Govern-
ment is much weakened by this practice.
Charges are made against those in official posi-
tion which if made by a foreign country would
sever friendly relations. These official .posi-
tions, when sought for the putpOse of liigke'ir
usefulness and a more enlarged service to
mankind, are objects worthy the ambition ,of
the youth of our eoan'ry, and should be held
up to them as objects to be desired, and it
is a crime unnecessarily to tarnish that prize.
I believe that we must have some fiiith in the
people. We must learn lo say " no" to many
demands for investigations. The people of
this country believe that the administration
of the man who delivered a nation which still
wears the anxious expression, the hailing gait,
the habiliments of sorrow, incident to the con-
flict out of which he bro.ught the nation, can
afford sometimes to decline even an investi-
gation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The question ia
on agreeing to the resolution. Is the Senate
ready for the question? The preamble 'frill
be reserved until after the vote is taken on
the resolution.
Mr. HARLAN. I desire to amend the
phraseology of the resolution in one or two
respects.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President 
Mr. HARLAN. I yield to the honorable
Senator if he desires to address the Senate.
Mr. SCHURZ. Mr. President, the resolu-
tion offered by the Senator from Massachusetts •
contemplates an investigation of certain facts.
Yesterday that investigation seemed to be ex-
ceedingly popular in this body ; at least every
member of the Senate speaking upon it de-
clared that he should be delighted to see it go
on. To-day it does not appear quite as popu-
lar as it was yesterday. At any rate I have
heard it argued by several Senators that this
investigation would rather be a disgrace to til®
country. The Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. StrMXEii,] who moved it, I had always
considered a very good American, and I think
his record will bear out that opinion. The
American people seem to share it. But now
ho appears suddenly before us in the character
of—what do you think, sir?—of a French
agent., of a mere instrument of the French
legation, put up to a job by somebody for the
benefit of the French Government. Nay, sir,
further, the Senator from New Jefsey [Mr.
Frelixgiiuysen] represents him as on^ who
intends to incite the Prussian Government to
bring claims for damages agaiast the Unitetl
States ; so that it appears the Senator frdta
Massachusetts is not only a French agent, but
a Prussian agent at the same time. It seems
as if the two belligerents of 1870 were united
in this one body. Have not the AmeriBan
people, who have always considered him &
patriot, grossly mistaken their man?
Sir, this is by no means a very extraordin-
ary spectacle, for you will well irendember that
at the commencement of this session, tvh^h !t
resolution was introduced by the SenatOt frbta
Illinois, [Mr. Tiuimbci-l,] contemplating cer-
tain investigations to be made in the rlirioiiS
branches of the civil service at New York and
elsewhere, it was intimated, liay, loudly as-
serted in the newspapers, that those who de-
manded that investigation were very doubtful
characters compared with those whose con-
duct was to be investigated; in fact, that such
men as the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Sumner,] the Senator from Illinois, ["Mr.
Trumbull,] who is not now in his seat, and
others, including myself, would rather appear
at a disadvantage in comparison with Leetand
Stocking, of general order notoriety.
Now, sir, is the inquiry proposed by the
Senator from Massachusetts at all proper? Is
there any good reason for it? Seuators have
gone over the preamble, point by point, and
although I tiiiuk it may booome father tedious
