1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1937
from St. Cloud, in Stearns county, via Luxem-
burg, Maine Prairie, Kimball Prairie, and
Forrest City, to Litchfield, in Meeker county,
Minnesota; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of the establish-
ment of a mail route from St. Joseph, in
Stearns county, by way of St. Wendell and
Holding's Ford, in Stearns .county, to Burn-
liamsville, in Todd county, in that State;
•which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of a change in
the terminus of mail route N.o. 13786 from
Kirkhaveti to Wilmar; which was referred to
the Committeeon Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. BUCKINGHAM. I present the me-
morial of F. A. Wheeler, J. W. Andrews, and
other citizens of Marietta, Ohio, accompanied
by a statement of terrible sufferings in conse-
quence of a famine in Persia made by the
Rev. J. H. Shedd, formerly an American
missionary in that country, asking Congress to
adopt measures to bring the subject before the
public, and to provide ways and means for
collecting and disbursing the charities of the
benevolent who may be disposed to aid that
people. I move its reference to the Commit-
tee on Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. PRATT presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, late soldiers of the United
States Army, praying Congress to pass an act
granting to all soldiers, sailors, and marines
who enlisted in the service of the United States
for the suppression of the late rebellion, and
who have an honorable discharge, and to the
heirs of those that are deceased, $8 33J per
month for the time served, deducting there-
from all Government bounty heretofore re-
ceived by them; which was ..referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. WINDOM presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of the estab-
lishment of a mail route from Blue Earth City
to Banks, in Faribault county ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of the establish-
ment of a mail route from Grand Meadow,
Mower county, to the village of High Forest,
Olmsted county, Minnesota; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of the establish-
ment of a mail route from Cokato to Fair
Haven, in Wright county ; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of an appropria-
tion to improve and complete a wagon-road
from Lake Superior to the Net Lake Indian
reservation in the State of Minnesota ; which
was referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post Roads.
He also presented a joint resolution of the
Legislature of Minnesota, asking Congress^ to
secure the cession of the Chippewa reservation
at the mouth of Pigeon river on the northern
boundary of the State to the United States,
and the opening up of the same for occupancy
and settlement; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
Mr. CLAYTON presented a petition of
James Oriek and others, praying that the
minor heirs of John C. Orick be allowed a
pension ; which was referred to the Committee
on Pensions.
Mr. POMEROT. I have the honor to pre-
sent a petitiou of citizens of Arkansas City,
Cowley county, Kansas, in which they respect-
fully and earnestly ask Congress to preserve
the great guarantees of religious liberty now
contaiaed in the Constitution of the United
42d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 122.
States, and they protest against any of the pro-
posed amendments which shall recognize the
authority and power of the Lord Jesus Christ
as the common Ruler among nations. They
ask that tie principles of religious liberty as
founded in the Declaration of Independence
and the Constitution of the United States be
preserved inviolate. I move that this petition
be referred totbe Committeeon the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, late soldiers of the Army
of the United States, praying Congress to pass
an act giving to all soldiers, sailors, and
marines who had enlisted in tbe service of the
United States $8 33^ per month for the entire
time served, deducting all Government bounty
heretofore paid; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HILL presented a memorial of a com-
mittee of the Agricultural Society of the State
of Georgia, praying that the foreign fertilizers
and ingredients entering into the composition
of fertilizers may be placed on the free list;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. CONKLING presented the petition of
Margaret Chard, of New York, praying that
she be allowed arrears of pension ; which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Conrad
Weiss, praying compensation for the loss of
a horse in the military service; which was
referred to the Committee on Claims. _
He also presented a petition of citizens of
New York, late soldiers of the United States
Army, praying the passage of a law at an
early day making ail equitable equalization
of the bounties of all soldiers, sailors, and
marines who served honorably and faithfully
during any period of the war; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. KELLOGG presented six petitions of
citizens of Louisiana, praying that an act
to enforce the rights of citizens of the United
States to vote in the several States of the
Union, and for other purposes, may be en-
forced in that State ; which was referred to the
Committee on Privileges and Elections.
Mr. ROBERTSON presented a resolution
of the Legislature of South Carolina, remon-
strating against the removal of the military
forces now in that State ; which was referred
to the select Committee 011 Alleged Outrages
in the Southern States.
Mr. BAYARD presented the petition of
Margaret H. Judd, praying that she be allowed
a pension; which was relerred to the Com-
mittee 011 Pensions.
Mr. SHERMAN presented the petition of
Sallie Gay, praying for pay due her late hus-
band, Ebenezer Gay, from June 3, 1869, to
February 7, 1870; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
RESTORATION 01? NAVAL OFFICERS.
Mr. CRAGIN. The Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred a letter of the
Secretary of the Navy, transmitting, in obe-
dience to law, the report of the board of offi-
cers organized to examine into the cases of
such officers as may deem themselves unjustly
passed over by the promotions made in con-
formity with an act of Congress approved in
July, 1866, have had the same under consid-
eration, and instructed me to report a bill
carrying out the recommendations of the
board; and I am also instructed to ask that
the bill may be considered at the present time.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 8-54)
for the relief of certain officers of the Navy
was read twice by its title, and considered as
in Committee of the Whole. The bill, in con-
formity with, and to carry into effect the rec-
ommendations and conclusions of the board
of officers organized in pursuance of the reso-
lution for the relief of certain officers of the
Navy, approved July 1, 1870, proposes to
authorize the President of the United States,
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate, to restore Commodore Joseph F.
Green to his original position on tbe Navy
list, next below Rear Admiral Boggs ; to pro-
mote Commodore John DeCamp to his original
relative position as a rear admiral on the re-
tired list; to promote Commodore Charles W.
Pickering to the grade of commodore on the
retired list, with the retired pay of his advanced
rank; to advance Captain Egbert Thompson
in rank next below Captain Thomas G. Corbia;
to promote Commander Samuel-R. Franklin
to take rank next after Commander James S.
Thornton; to restore Commander Edward T.
McCauley to his original rank, next after Com-
mander W. D. Whiting; to restore Command-
ers John II. Russell, A. W. Johnson, P. C.
Johnson, John Watters, A. E. K. Benham,
Austin Pendergrast, and W. P. McCann, re-
spectively, to their original places on the Navy
list; and to advance Lieutenant Commanders
James H. Sands and Charles DeSigsbee each
ten numbers in his grade for gallant service.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed,
j. itoss BHOWNI5.
Mr. CASSERLY. Iask the Senate to take
up Senate bill No. 873. I presume there will
be no objection to it. It is a bill that passed
the Senate at the last session of Congress.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I hope the
morning business will be permitted to begone
through with first, before any bill is taken up.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from.
California asked consent the other day to take
up this bill, but gave way to some other Sen-
ator. The Chair understands the Senator from
Vermont to object, however, and the bill can-
not be takpn up at this time.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will not
object in this case.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (S. No. 373) for the relief of
J. Ross Browne, late minister to China. It
directs the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
J. Ross Browne, late minister of the United
States to China, $3,774 11, in full compensa-
tion for the period from the 11th of April to
the 4th of August, both inclusive, 1868, at the
rate of his salary while waiting for orders and
in transit to China; and the further sum of
$2,134, in full compensation for certain extra
expenses incurred by him while discharging
duties as minister.
Mr. CASSERLY. This bill passed the
Senate during the last Congress, but failed in
the House of Representatives for wan t of time.
It has been twice reported unanimously by the
Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate,
and is concurred in by the Treasury Depart-
ment and the Department of State as to the
items contained in it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PUBLIC BUILDING AT PHILADELPHIA.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am in-
structed by the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds, to whom were referred two peti-
tions of citizens of Philadelphia, praying_ an
appropriation for the erection of a building
sufficient to accommodate the present and
furture postal facilities of that city, to ask to
be discharged from their further consideration.
The Secretary of the Treasury writes :
" There is no doubt a pressing necessity for better
accommodations at Philadelphia, but I still enter-
tain the opinion expressed in uiy last annual report,
that the business already assigned to the supervis-
ing architect is quite equal to the capacity oi his
office for the current and next fiscal years.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there b  no
objection, the committee will be discharged
from the further consideration of the peti-
tions. „ . . „ , , .
Mr. SCOTT. May I inquire of the chair-
man of the Committee on Public Buildings
