1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3729
that 'is ; and it is not business intervening, I
submit, to proceed to ascertain that; so that
a motion to adjourn is not in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chan-
understood the Senator from Wisconsin to
move a call of the absentees. That being a
motion intervening, the motion to adjourn is
in order. .
Mr. CARPENTER. I submit that that is
not a motion; it is a mere proceeding founded
on the fact that the last roll-call developed
the absence of a quorum, and it is a proper
proceeding to obtain a quorum. The last
vote was on a motion to adjourn.
Mr. STEVENSON. The motion to send
for the absentees was a motion made, and I
think voted upon and carried once during the
night.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER. The Chair
understands that the Senator from Wisconsin
made a motion that the names of the absentees
be called, which is a motion of business inter-
vening between the prior motion to adjourn
and this motion. The Senator from West
Virginia moves that the Senate do now ad-
journ. The Chair entertains the motion.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 13, nays 30 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard. Blair, Boreman, Cas-
serly, Cooper, Davis of West Virginia, Johnston,
Norwood, Saulsbury, Sprague, Stevenson, Thur-
man. and Vickers—13.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Caldwell, Cam-
eron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole, Conkling,
Corbett. Edmunds, Ferry of Michigan, Flanagan,
Frelinghuysen, Hamlin, Logan, Morrill of Maine,
Morrill of Vermont., Nye, Osborn, Patterson, Pom-
eroy, Pool, Pratt, Robertson, Sawyer, Scott, Spen-
cer, Wilson, and Wright—30.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Fenton, l?eiry
of Connecticut, Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of
Maryland. Hamilton of Texas, Harlan, Hill, Hitch-
cook, Howe, Kellogg, Kelly, Lewis, Morton, Ram-
sey, Ransom, Riee, Schurz, Sherman, Stewart,
Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull, West, and
Windom—31.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas
are 13 and the nays are 30. The Senate re-
fuses to adjourn; and the vote discloses the
presence of a quorum.
Mr. CARPENTER. I withdraw the motion
I made, and call for the yeas and nays on the
motion to proceed to the consideration of Sen-
ate bill No. 99.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. I move
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
Mr. CONKLING. That is not in order
pending the yeas and nays, I submit.
Mr. CASSERLY. Has that bill been taken
up?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is to take it up, upon which the Senator from
Wisconsin has demanded the yeas and nays.
Mr. CASSERLY. Now I ask the Chair to
rule whether a motion to go into executive
session is in order pending a motion to take
up a bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
was about to put the motion of the Senator
from West Virginia, that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. STEVENSON called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 13, nays 29 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly, Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia, Hamilton ol Maryland,
Johnston, Ransom, Robertson, Saulsbury, Sprague,
Stevenson, and Vickers—13.
KAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Boreman, Cald-
well, Cameron, Carpenter, Chandler, Clayton, Cole,
Conkling, Corbett, ISdmunds, Ferry of Michigan,
Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Hamlin, Logan, Morrill
of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Osborn, Patterson
Pomeroy, Pool, Pratt, Sawyer, Seott, Spencer, Wil-
son, and Wright—2y.
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Brownlow, Bucking-
ham, Cragin, Davis of Kentucky, Fenton, Ferry
of Connecticut, Gilbert, Goldthwaitc, Hamilton of
Texas, Harlan, Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Kellogg,
Kelly, Lewis, Morton, Norwood, Nye, Ramsey,
Rice, Schurz, Sherman, Stewart, Stockton, Sum-
ner, Thurman, Tipton, Trumbull, West, and Win-
dom—32.
So the motion was not agreed to.
#2d Cong. 2d Sess.—No. 234.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator from
Wisconsin, to take up the bill named by him,
Mr.DAVIS, of West Virginia, (at six o'clock
and twenty one minutes a. m.) I move that
the Senate adjourn, on which motion I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 26; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Bayard, Blair, Casserly. Cooper,
Davis of West Virginia,- Hamilton of Maryland,
Johnston, Kelly, Ransom, Saulsbury, Sprague, Ste-
venson, Thurman, and Vickers—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Ames, Anthony, Caldwell, Car-
penter, Cole, Conkling, Corbett, Edmunds, Ferry
of Michigan, Flanagan, Frelinghuysen, Hamlin,
Logan, Morrill of Maine, Morrill of Vermont, Nye,
Patterson, l'omeroy, Pool, Pratt. Robertson, Saw-
yer, Scott, Spencer, Wilson, and Wright—26,
ABSENT—Messrs. Alcorn, Boreman, Brownlow,
Buckingham, Cameron, Chandler, Clayton, Cragin,
Davis of Kentucky, Fenton, Ferry of Connecticut,
Gilbert, Goldthwaite, Hamilton of Texas, Harlan,
Hill, Hitchcock, Howe, Kellogg. Lewis, Morton,
Norwood, Osborn, Ramsey, Rice. Schurz, Sherman,
Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Tipton, Trumbull,
West, and Windom—34.
So the Senate refused to adjourn.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the motion of the Senator
from Wisconsin, to take up the bill indicated
by him.
Mr. THURMAN. Is the motion to take up
the bill debatable ?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is debat
able, except that the merits of the bill pro-
posed to be taken up cannot be debated oiithe
motion to take up.
Mr. THURMAN. I am not going to detain
the Senate for the purpose of consuming time,
but 1 do wish to say this: I do not think it is
right to take up a measure of this kind in a
Senate very little more than half full. I do
not know exactly what the last vote was, but
I think 25 to 14, was it not? Not over thirty-
nine or forty were present, just one or two
more than a quorum, thirty-eight being a quo-
rum. Here are a few more members than one
half of the Senate. I do not think it right to
take up a bill of this kind and pass it at this
hour, when Senators did not expect that it
would bedone, when the Senate did not expect
it would be taken up. There is certainly one
Senator who did not expect it. The whole
Senate thought of nothing but of the bill under
consideration last night. The Senate are tired
out after this long session. I know you have
the power to do it on one side if we come to a
vote, and there is power on the other by dila-
tory motions to keep it off until eleven o'clock.
I do not want to see any such difficulty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think my friend will
listen to me for a moment. I understood the
object of the majority here to be not to oppress
any one or to weary anybody out; but this
subject of civil rights and of amnesty, as Sen-
ators all know, has been before the Senate
three or four times, and both bills finally
failed because gentlemen who were in favor
of each separately would vote against both
together. There was such a combination—
and by that I do not mean combinations ar-
ranged beforehand, but it so hapxiened that
there were such votes as to defeat them both
when put together. But now I understand
what the majority wish to do is this; to take
the civil rights bill shorn of the features
which are said, to be most objectionable to
various Senators, and pass that, and send it
to the House, and then take up the amnesty
bill and pass that and send it to the House.
Mr. THURMAN. What amnesty bill?
Mr. EDMUNDS. The very amnesty bill
that has been reported from the committee in
order that the House of Representatives may
have both measures before them.
Mr. THURMAN. Why not take up the
last amnesty bill as it came from the House
and pass it without amendment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am speaking for my-
self Now, I am willing to go civil rights, and
if the country is so anxious about it 1 am will-
ing to go amnesty with civil rights, and 1 do
not mean by that that both should be in the
same bill; but with the civil rights bill passed
even in a modified form so that it ought to
satisfy almost everybody, then to let amnesty-
go with it—asyou call it amnesty—the removal
of disabilities. That is all I wish to do and I
do not think that is very unreasonable. This
civil rights bill has been discussed over and
over again.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not want to say one
word upon it; I have said all I wish to say
upon it; but here is the point with me : I do
not know that a majority of the Senate, if the
Senate were full, would be in favor of this
civil rights bill. I am opposed to it. I know
by the votes that have been taken that there is
a majoriy here now in favor of it: but those
who are here in favor of it constitute really
nothing like a majority of the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I could say the same
about amnesty. We must go on and do the
business of the Senate without waiting for
people who have been sent for and will not
come.
Mr. THURMAN. That is not the thing.
I am opposed to the civil rights bill; I am in
favor of the amnesty bill. Of course we can-
not make any bargains; bat if we pass one law
is there to be an understanding that we are to
pass the other?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have not proposed any
bargain.
Mr. THURMAN. I do not say that, and
we cannot do such a thing. A Senator would
not help to pass a law that he was opposed to in
consideration of some other law being passed.
Now, I want a full Senate on this civil rights
bill, in the hope that if we have a full Senate
we can defeat the bill. If there were a full Sen-
ate here I should agree that the vote might be
taken now, so far as I am concerned, without
any word being said in debate. I agree that
it has been debated enough. But now it is
proposed to take this bill up and then to amend
it by striking out from, it some provisions of it
which I agree ought to be stricken out, as
indeed the whole bill ought to be. That it is
proposed to do in the absence of the Senator
who introduced the bill, to mutilate his work,
as he will consider it, doubtless, and to pass
that bill by considerably less than one half of
the Senate.
Mr. SPENCER. Will the Senator allow
me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. SPENCER. Will the Senator consent
to take the vote on the civil rights bill to-day
at one o'clock without debate?
Mr. THURMAN. As far as I am con-
cerned, I will.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Will my
friend from Ohio allow me to make a sugges-
tion for which I ask unanimous consent? I
believe it is generally conceded that the bill
should be read for information so that we may
know what is going to be stricken out. The
Senate does not know but what the bill to be
passed is just as it was introduced. Part of
the bill, I understand, has been amended.
Mr. CAKPENTER. Let us take up the
bill and then it will be reported and an amend-
ment can be proposed.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Why not
for information let it be read by general con-
sent ?
Mr. CASSERLY. What is the question?
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on taking up Senate bill No. 99.
Mr. CONKLING. I object to the bill being
read until it is read in order, and I will assign
my reason. I am willing that the bill should
be read under the rule which allows it to be
read as soon as it is taken up; not by consent,
however. The Senator who makes this mo-
tion has himself been leading in a series of
filibustering motions on which we have been
voting over and over and over again. Of
course the Senator will see that if that is the
policy he is pursuing, it would be very unnat-
