1988
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25.
and Grounds whether the petitions for a build-
ing at Philadelphia were accompanied with a
bill?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. No, sir.
Mr. SCOTT. The same subject I under-
stand is before the House committee upon a
bill introduced there, and I should much pre-
fer, if the chairman will consent to it, that
these petitions should be held by his commit-
tee until action is had there.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I will state
to the Senator that there is not the slightest
probability of any large appropriation for fur-
ther public buildings being carried in either
House during the present session, in my judg-
ment. I am so informed in relation to the
House of Representatives, and I think it is the
conclusion of the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds of the Senate that we have
already reported about as much as the Treas-
ury will bear for the coming year. Therefore,
if the Senator expects any favorable action on
this subject, I think it would be as well to post-
pone it until the next session.
Mr. SCOTT. My reason for requesting it
is this: this is a subject which has been com-
mitted particularly to the members of the
House from Philadelphia, and the Senators
have delayed any action upon it in conse-
quence of the members of the House having
it in charge. If we had supposed that the
committee of the Senate intended to act on
the subject so soon, we should have requested
the favor of being heard before the report was
made.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. If the Sen-
ator desires to be heard on the subject, I will
ask that the petitions be recommitted.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection, the Senator will withdraw his report
and the petitions will remain with the com-
mittee.
public building at fall river.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am also
instructed by the same committee, to whom
was referred the bill (S. No. 798) authorizing
the construction of a publie building at Fail
River, in the State of Massachusetts, to report
it back without amendment, and ask to be dis-
charged from its further consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there is no
dissent, this bill will be indefinitely postponed.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. In relation
to this bill the Secretary of the Treasury
writes as follows:
" "While I still think the limitation in my report a
proper one, it is but just for me to state thatEall
River is increasing rapidly in population and busi-
ness, and that the buildings subject to tho control
of the Government are inadequate. Congress has at
the present session already made appropriations for
several expensive buildings, and I think the orec-
tion of a building at Fall Kiver might properly be
postponed for a year."
The bill was postponed indefinitely.
marine hospital at san francisco.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I am also
directed by the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds, to whom was referred the
bill (S. No. 815) relating to the purchase of a
building and grounds in San Francisco, Cali-
fornia, for the purpose of a United States
marine hospital, to report it back, and ask to
be discharged from its further consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
dissent, the bill will bo indefinitely postponed.
Mr. CASSERLY. I ask to have it placed
upon the Calendar.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. I think when
the Senator hears what is proposed he will
be entirely satisfied. We propose in lieu
of this bill a resolution, which I ask to have
read.
Mr. COLE. The bill is not indefinitely post-
poned.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
not put the question on that motion until this
resolution reported by the committee shall
have been read.
The Chief Clerk read the resolution, as fol-
lows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he is hereby, authorized to inquire as to the
necessity of a marine hospital at Ban Francisco,
California; and also, if the public service requires
such an hospital, whether the St. Mary's College
and grounds, in said city, would be suitable for any
accommodation so required, and on what terms said
property can be purchased, and report thereon at
the next session ot Congress.
The resolution was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agreed to.
The VICE PRESIDENT. _ Now, if there be
no objection, the bill will be indefinitely post-
poned. The Chair hears no objection.
Mr. MORRHsL, of Vermont. I am also
directed by the Committee on Publie Build-
ings and Grounds to report a bill to provide
for the sale of the marine hospital and grounds
at San Francisco; and as it is exceedingly
short I will ask for immediate action upon it,
if there be no objection.
By unanimous consent, the bill (S. No. 855)
to provide for the sale of the marine hospital
and grounds at San Francisco was read twice
by its title, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole. It authorizes the Secretary of
the Treasury to sell, for the best price that can
be obtained, after due notice, the United
States marine hospital and grounds at Rincon
Point, in the city of San Francisco, California,
such sale to include all the laud embraced in
the Government reservation at Rincon Point,
and on due payment to make, execute, and
deliver to the purchaser or purchasers thereof
all the rights and title thereto belonging to the
United States, and the proceeds of such sale,
after deducting the necessary expenses, are
to be paid into the Treasury of the United
States.
Mr. KELLOGG. What committee reports
that ?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Committee
on Public Buildings and Grounds.
Mr. KELLOGG. It has reference, I believe,
to California exclusively?
The VICE PRESIDENT. It authorizes the
sale of the marine hospital at San Francisco.
Mr. CASSERLY. I presume the bill pro-
vides for public sale after notice in the usual
way?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. After notice.
Mr. CORBETT. I wish to know whether
this land is to be sold in one body, or whether
there is any provision for selling it in separate
lots. It is a very valuable property.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is no
provision in relation to that matter. The
building itself is entirely worthless, worth
nothing except for old material. All the
value there is is in the land, and I suppose the
Secretary will act prudently and wisely.
Mr. CORBETT. Do you propose not to
sell the land, but only the buildings?
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. To sell the
whole.
Mr. CORBETT. I speak of the land. I
desire to know if there is any provision for
selling the land in separate lots. It is quite
an extensive piece of ground.
Mr. MORRILL, of Vermont. There is but
one lot.
Mr. CORBETT. It is quite a large build-
ing, and I should think it covered more than
one lot.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If the bill gives
rise to debate it must go over, as several Sen-
ators have risen with morning business.
Mr. CORBETT. I make no objection to it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
report of committee.
Mr. SAULSBURY, from the Committee on
Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Eliza Whiting, praying for a pension, sub-
mitted a report accompanied by a bill (S. No.
856) granting a pension to Eliza Whiting.
The report was ordered to be printed; and
the bill was read, and passed to the second
reading.
removal of causes from state courts.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair, at
the opening of the session this morning, not
seeing any member of the Judiciary Commit-
tee present, had referred to that committee,
without reading, an amendment of the House
of Representatives in the nature of a substi-
tute to Senate bill No. 792, which was reported
by the Senator from Vermont [Mr. Edmunds]
from the Committee on the Judiciary. If
there be no objection the substitute will be
reported, as there appears to be some desire
for action upon it at the present time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not examined
it, and I think it had better be referred to the
committee.
Mr. CONKLING. If the Senator will allow
me, I have examined it and have received a
request from the Senator from Vermont, who
had this bill in charge and is ill to-day, to see
to it, and my proposition is to make the differ-
ent phraseology of the two Houses wanting to
reach the same result agree, that the Senate
non-concur and ask for a committee of con-
ference in order to arrange that there may be
no ambiguity as to the common object of the
two Houses.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not believe there
ought to be any committee of conference upon
a single proposition like that. I think it had
better be referred to the Judiciary Committee
and examined.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Then it will be
referred to the committee.
Mr. CONKLING. I object to that, and I
wish to move that the Senate non-concur and
ask for a committee of conference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to the consid-
eration of that motion.
Mr. CONKLING. I will state why I make
it. I suppose it is a proper question for the
Senate to say whether it shall be referred or
not.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It would have
been at the opening of the session when the
amendment of the House of Representatives
was laid before the Senate, but it was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, no Senator
apparently taking charge of it.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was referred.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from New York moves to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was referred, and asks for the
present consideration of that motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to its present
consideration.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senatorfrom
Illinois objects. The Senator from New York
must therefore wait until the morning business
is disposed of.
Mr. CONKLING. Has not the morning
business been concluded?
The VICE PRESIDENT. Not quite. Bills
are yet to be received, and several Senators
have risen with bills.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I give notice that
I shall renew my motion when the morning
business is concluded.
bills introduced.
Mr. BAYARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 857) granting a pension to Margaret IT.
Judd, of Wilmington, Delaware; which was
read twice by its title, and, with the accom-
panying papers, referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
Mr. PRATT asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
858) granting a pension to John B. Rose, of
Indiana; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Pensions, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. HOWE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 859) to establish a national university for
