146
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December lo,
Jamos Brooks, Buckley, Benjamin K. Butler, Clarke, j!
Cox, Dan all, Dickey. j)urmeil. Wilder D. Foster, >i
Hambletoii, Hays. Ilibbard, Kendall, MeJunkin, !i
Morey, Isaac C.Parker. Plott, lliEcbie, Robinson, i|
Sesgions.Shellabarger.WorLhington C.Smith,Strong, J
St. John, Sypher, JL>wiprht Townsend, Tuthill, Yoor- -j
hees, Williams ot New York, and Wood—33. ;j
So the amendment of Mr. Farxswortb to
the amendment reported from the Committee
of the Whole wa3 not agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
substitute reported from the Committee of the
Whole; and being taken, it was adopted.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
he engrossed and read a third time: and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Sxmpsox,
one of its clerks, notified the House that the
Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 384) extend-
ing the time for the completion of the Green
Bay and Sturgeon Bay and Lake Michigan
ship-canal in the State of Wisconsin ; in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
ADJOURNMENT TILL MONDAY.
Mr. RANDALL. I move that when the
House adjourns to-day it be to meet on Mon-
day next.
Mr. DAWES. I hope not.
Mr. RANDALL. To-morrow will be the
thirdFridav in the month, and must be devoted
to the consideration of business from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, which
committee is not likely to have any business
ready for our action.
Mr. DAWES. Not necessarily devoted to
that.
Mr. RANDALL, The rule so provides.
The SPEAKER. The House should prop-
erly understand the rule. The third Friday
of each month, after a certain specified hour,
is devoted to business from the Committee
for the District of Columbia so long as they
desire to occupy the time.
The motion of Mr. Randall was not agreed
to, upon a division—ayes 78, noes i)7.
Mr. DAWES. I move that the House now
adjourn.
Pending the motion to adjourn,
FUR-SEAL FISHERY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting a
copy of a report made by the special agent m
charge of the fur seal fisheries at the islands of
St. Paul and St. George, Alaska. ;
Mr. PETERS. A petition upon that sub- ;
ject is now before the Committee on the Judi- j
ciary, and I move that this communication be
referred to the same committee.
Mr. NEGLEY. 1 object ; it should go to
the Committee on Commerce. j
Mr. PETERS. I do not care where it goes. ;
The communication, with the accompanying \
paper, was accordingly referred to the Com- !
mittee on Commerce, and ordered to be !
printed. j
DELIVERY OF MANIFESTS. j
The SPEAKER aLo, by unanimous consent, |
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, transmitting to I
%e House a draft of a bill entitled 11 A bill in !
aid of the laws requiring the delivery of a
manifest in certain cases;" which was re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
UNEXPENDED JiALANOES OF APPROPRIATIONS.
The SPEAKE It also, b.y unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury, in relation to
balances of appropriations unexpended, &c. ;
which was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations, and ordered to be printed.
REPORT OF CLAIMS COMMISSION.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House,the first general report
of the commissioners of claims, of Decem-
ber, 1871; which was referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims, and ordered to be printed.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
Mr. HAZLETON, of New Jersey, by unani-
mous consent, obtained leave of absence till
next Monday.
Mr. DARRALL, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave of absence for ten days.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. COX, by unanimous consent, obtained
leave to withdraw from the files of the House
papers in the case of Rufus P. Hawks.
Mr. McCRARY, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to withdraw from the files
petitions of Mary Desbrow and of Jacob A.
i Edwards, for pensions.
Mr. WARREN, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to withdraw from the files the
petition and accompanyiugpapers of \V.P. Bas-
com, administrator of Oliver Bascora. assignee
of Edward Lusher; and the same were ordered
to be referred to the Committee of Claims.
The question was then taken on the motion
of Mr. Dawes, that the House adjourn; and it
was agreed to. Accordingly (at four o'clock
and twenty minutes p. m.) the House ad-
journed.
PETITIONS, ETC.
| The following petitions, &c., were presented
j under the rule, and referred to the appropriate
committees:
By Mr. BUTLER, of Tennessee : The por-
tions of D. W. F. Peoples and William E.Til-
son, of the State of Tennessee, praying for the
removal of their poiit'eal di-ahiliries.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of the
same State, recommending the refunding of
the tax on cotton.
By Mr. GETZ: The petition of Jonas
Hoch, of ICutztown, Berks county, Pennsyl-
vania, (with accompanying papers, j praying for
a proper adjustment of his compensation fur
services as an assistant, marshal! in taking the
census of 1870.
By Mr. MeGREW : The petition of Mar-
garet C. Gibson, of West Virginia, for pen-
sion.
By Mr. PARKER of New Hampshire : The
petition of G. H. Tilden & Co. and others,
praying for legislation in regard to stamped
envelopes by the Government.
By Mr. TAFFE: The petitim of Dabney
Walker, praying payment fur services asfcout
and guide in the army of the Potomac during
the late rebellion.
By Mr. VAN TRUMP: The petition of
Applegate, Poundsford & Co., and 19 other
printing, publishing, and hook and stationery
houses of Cincinnati, Ohio, upon the subject 1
of the Government monopoly in the maim 1
facture and sale of stamped envelopes, and
praying for xelief against the same by legisla-
tion of Congress.
PAPKltS WITHDRAWN AND JiBfUKltEI*. 1
The following papers were withdiawn from
the files of the House, and referred under the
rules:
By Mr. SHERWOOD: The papers of John
A. Montgomery, from the files of the House
and referred to the Committee of Claims. i
! HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
;! Friday, December 15, 1871.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
, by the Chaplain, Rev. J. G. Bi'ti.ki:, D. D.
i "The Journal of yesterday was read and
, approved.
; SOLDIERS' MONUMENT.
;! Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, intro-
r duced a joint resolution (H, R. No. 50) donat-
: ing certain condemned cannon for a soldiers'
! monument; which was read a first and second
time.
The joint resolution authorizes the Secre-
tary of War (if it can be done without detri-
ment to the Government) to issue and deliver
six condemned cannon and twenty-four can-
\ non balls to the corporate authorities of the
town of Pittsfield, Massachusetts, for the pur-
pose of aiding in the erection of a soldiers'
monument at that place.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time, and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
! also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PUBLIC DOCUMENTS.
Mr. SNAPP. by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution : which was
referred to the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures :
Resohcl. That the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures bo instructed to report to this House the ex-
pense to the United States Government of printing,
binding, folding, and delivering to the members of
each Congress per year what are called "public
documents," and also report the co°t of transport-
ation of the same; and also that such committee be
requested to report a bill to aboli-h the printing
i and transportation of said documents, or thatdocu-
|' ments be sent at the expense of member- of Con-
( gress, the whole scheme being fraught with great
. and totally unnecessary expense to the Government.
ORDER OP BUSINESS.
Mr. SHELDON. I ask unanimous consent
, to introduce a bill at thisrtime.
The SPEAKER. As there is ample oppor-
tunity afforded every Monday morning for the
introduction of bills from every State and
Territory, the Chair will not recognize a mem-
i ber for the purpose of introducing a bill at
! any other time, unless there be stated some
exigency requiring the immediate introduction
of the measure.
Mr. K1LLINGER. I call for the regular
, order.
The SPEAKER. The regular order being
' demanded, the morning hour now begins at
eh-ven minutes past twelve o'clock. Reports
: of a private nature are in order.
REVOLUTIONARY CLAIMS.
Mr. WILLAR1). I am directed by the
Committee on Revolutionary Pensions and
War of 1812 to move that the committee be
; discharged from the farther consideration of
the bill (H. R. No. 410) to provide for the
settlement of the, claims of the officers and
-oldiers of the revolutionary army, and of the
widows and children of those who died in the
service; and also to move that the same be
referred to the Committee on Revolutionary
■ Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
HEIRS OP It. M. WOODYARD.
Mr. MOORE. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions to move that the
, committee be discharged from ihe further con-
sideration of the bill (If. R. No. IMi for the
, relief of the heirs of Lieutenant Colonel Ilum-
, phrey M. Woodyard, late of the twenty-first
Missouri infantry ; and also to move that the
same referred to the Committee of Claims.
1 The motion was agreed to.
! WILLIAM BRINK.
i Mr. MOORE alsw, from the Committee on
