2834
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
Legislature of Pennsylvania, requesting the
Senators and Representatives of that State in
the Congress of the United States to favor the
granting of aid by an appropriation of money
to the American Printing House for the Blind ;
which was referred to the Committee on Appro-
priations.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Pennsylvania, in favor of the passage
of a bill to extend the jurisdiction of the Light-
House Board so as to include the Mississippi
river from St. Paul to its mouth, the Missouri
river from Sioux City to its mouth, and the
Ohio river from Pittsburg to_ its mouth;
which was referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. COOPER presented the petition of
Willis N. Arnold, praying compensation for
cotton destroyed by rebels at Henderson Sta-
tion, Tennessee; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. COOPER. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate to take up Senate bill No. 52G for the
relief of Ambrose Morrison.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Tennessee asks unanimous consent to
take up a Senate bill for the relief of Ambrose
Morrison.
Mr. I5D.MUNDS. I think we had bettergo
through the morning business.
Mr. COOPER. I ask leave to take it up
subject to'the morning business.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Since my friend from
Massachusetts has been defeated in undertak-
ing to take up a more important bill, I think
we had better go through with the morning
business in the regular way.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Objection is
made to the request of the Senator trom Ten-
nessee.
Mr. PRATT presented thirty-seven petitions
of citizens of the United States, remonstrating
against the proposed reduction of the duty on
earthenware and stoneware ; which were re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
KBI'OIITS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 200) for the relief of George
C. Ilaynie, to report it back without amend-
ment, and I ask that it be put upon its passage,
if no one objects.
Mr. COOPER. I object.
^ The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
Tennessee objects to its consideration, and the
bill will be placed on the Calendar.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the bill (II. R. No. 10G3)
to reimburse the State of Kansas for moneys
expended for the United States in enrolling,
equipping, and provisioning militia forces to
aid in suppressing the rebellion, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs ; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a resolution of the Legislature
of Kansas on the same subject, asked to be
discharged from its further consideration:
which was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained,^ leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 3043) to facilitate the trial of suits, causes
and proceedings; the taking of depositions,
testimony-bonds; the issuing of processes,
and expediting the proceedings in suits at law
or in equity in the district court of the United
States for the southern district of New York-
which was read twice by its title. '
Mr. TRUMBULL. I introduce this bill
by request without indorsing it at all. I move
that it be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and printed.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It will be so
referred. By the order of the Senate the
printing must be when bills are introduced on
a motion specially made. Is there objection
to the printing of this bill? The Chair hears
none, and the printing will be ordered.
Mr. HITCHCOCK asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1044) granting the right of way through
the public lands to the Grand Island and
Northwestern railroad; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. MORTON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up Senate bill No.
58, to prescribe the time for holding the elec-
tion for electors of President and Vice Pres-
ident in the State of Louisiana, and for other
purposes, with a view ot putting it on its
passage. I think it will lead to no debate.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The introduc-
tion of bills is now in order; but the Senator
from Indiana asks unanimous consent to take
up Senate bill No. 58, subject to what remains
of the morning hour. Is there objection?
Mr. COOPER. Yes, sir; I object.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 1045) to quiet the title to certain
lands in Dakota Territory; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs.
CHEROKEE LANDS IN KANSAS.
Mr. POMEROY. The morning business
having concluded, I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill reported
yesterday by the Senator from Iowa, [Mr.
Haklan,] from the Committee on Indian
Affairs. It was read, and the question was
upon its passage, but it was objected to by
the Senator from West Virginia, [Mr. Boue-
man,] who now desires to withdraw his objec-
tion and let the bill pass. It relates to the
Cherokee strip in Kansas, proposing to sell it
to the settlers.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 1496) to carry
out certain provisions of the Cherokee treaty
of 1866, and for the relief of settlers on the
Cherokee lands in the State of Kansas.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The bill will be
reported in full.
Mr. HARLAN. It was read yesterday.
The VICE PRESIDENT. It was read
yesterday, and one objection was made to it,
which is now withdrawn.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Let it be read again.
The Chief Clerk read the bill.
In order that certain provisions of the treaty
of July 19, I860, between the United States
and the Cherokee nation may be rendered
clearer and made more satisfactory to settlers
upon the lands known as the " Cherokee
strip," in the State of Kansas, the settlers
having moved thereon since the date of the
treaty, and for the purpose of facilitating the
sale of the lands, the bill provides that the
strip of land lying west of the Neosho river,
and included in the State of Kansas, conveyed
to the Cherokee nation of Indians by the
United States, and now belonging to that na-
tion, shall be surveyed under the direction of
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
in the same manner as the public lands of the
United States are surveyed, and shall be by
him offered for sale under the provisions and
restrictions of this'act; and all the lands in
the tract lying east of the Arkansas river are
to be sold at two dollars per acre, and all
lands in the tract lying west of the river are
to be sold at $1 50 per acre, except as here-
inafter provided ; but where there is a fraction
of land less than forty acres, it is to be sold
with the contiguous tract, the expense of sur-
vey to be paid out of the proceeds of the land,
in accordance with the treaty of July 9, 1866.
The second section provides that each per-
son being the head of a family or over twenty-
one years of age, who has made a bona fide
settlement and improvement upon any portion
of the lands, and is now occupying the same,
or, in case of his or her death, the heirs of
such, or, if such heirs are minors, their guard-
ians for them, are to be entitled to enter and
purchase the lands so settled upon and occu-
pied, not exceeding one hundred and sixty
acres, at the price fixed in the first section,
payment for which is to be made at any time
within one year from the date of the approval
by the Secretary of the Interior of the accept-
ance of the provisions of this act, as provided
for in the fifth section ; and all persons, heads
of families, or over twenty-one years of age,
who may settle upon the lands at any time
within one year from the date of the passage
of this act, may purchase the land so settled
upon, not exceeding one hundred and sixty
acres, at the price fixed in the first section,
and make payment therefor within one year
from the date of settlement; but all lands not
sold under the foregoing provisions of this
section, and all lands settled upon but unpaid
for at the expiration of the limitation named
in the foregoing provisions of this act, are"
unless such payment be suspended by reason
of contest or appeal, to be sold by the Secre-
tary of the Interior on sealed bids, after due
advertisement, in tracts not exceeding oue
hundred and sixty acres, and at not less than
the price fixed in the first section ; and proof
of settlement, entry, and payment is to be
made at the land office of the p.oper district,
under such regulations as the Commissioner
of the General Land Office shall prescribe.
The town-site laws are extended to and made
applicable to these lands, subject to the pro-
visions of this act, and the Secretary of the
Interior may cause public advertisement to be
made of the provisions of this act.
The third sectionprovides thatany Cherokee
citizen, or the heirs-at-law of such, who had
rights under the Cherokee laws to any portion
of the lands, and whose titles were valid at the
date of the treaty of 1806, and who maybe
able to establish such validity within one year
from the date of the passage of this act, under
such rules as the Secretary of the Interior may
prescribe, shall receive the proceeds of the
sale of such identical lands, not exceeding one
hundred and sixty acres, instead of their being
invested as provided in the fourth section.
The fourth section provides that all moneys
accruing from the sales of land under this act
shall, without unnecessary delay, be invested
in the registered five per cent, bonds of the
United States, as provided in the twenty-third
article of the treaty of 1866.
The fifth section provides that the sale of
the lands shall not take place until the pro-
visions of this act are accepted by the Chero-
kee national council, or by a delegation duly
authorized thereby, which acceptance is to be
filed with the Secretary of the Interior, and,
when approved by him, is to be final and
conclusive.
Mr. BOREMAN. When this bill was up
yesterday morning, I thought from the read-
ing of it at the desk there might be some objec-
tion to some of its provisions. 1 have since
examined it, and am satisfied, so far as I am
concerned, that there is nothing in it that is
objectionable. I therefore make no further
opposition to it.
Mr- CALDWELL. I hope there will be no
opposition to this bill. It is very important
that it should pass. The whole strip is now
settled upon by settlers, and the bill has been
agreed upon by the settlers and the Indians
and the entire delegation from Kansas. -It is
satisfactory to all parties concerned, and it is
of very great importance that -the bill should
be speedily passed. A similar bill was passed
by the Senate last spring, but was not reached
in the House of Representatives. It has now
been acted upon in the House and reported
favorably by the Indian Committee of the Sen-
ate, and I hope it will pass.
Mr. HAMILTON, of Texas. I should like
to ask the Senator from Kansas whether the
