1042
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
to this body, yet I cannot refrain from imitat-
ing their example. The preamble commences
as follows:
Whereas it appears from a recent cable telegram
that the committee ofthe French National Assembly
on war contracts has adopted a resolution asking the
United States Government to furnish the result of
inquiry into the conduct of American officials sus-
pected of participating in the purchase of arms for
the French Government during tho war with Ger-
many.
How has this statement been interpreted by
the Senator from Iowa, [Mr. Harlan'?] He
stands up boldly before us and charges the
Senator from Massachusetts or some other
Senator with having given a promise to a
French agent authorizing him to telegraph
home that a certain inquiry calculated to
benefit the French Government would come
up here at a certain time. I ask the Senate,
is there the least reason before us for such a
supposition? Is there any reason to be found
in the well-known character ot the Senator
from Massachusetts? If the Senator from Iowa
thinks he can shape the public sentiment of
the country by such insinuations, I think he
will find himself mistaken.
The fact seems to be that the French Gov-
ernment has discovered certain transactions
of a questionable nature connected with the
purchases of arms during the late war, and
has certain leasons to suppose that the Gov-
ernment of the United Stales lias become
aware of practices of a doubtful character
connected with the same thing in this neigh
borhood. The French Government, therefore,
may have expected such an inquiry to be insti-
• tuted by the executive branch of ours. Henee,
it is fair to suppose came this cable telegram.
But where in tne woild is the foundation for
the innuendo thrown out by the Senator from
Iowa that the Senator from Massachusetts has
himself been instrumental in instigating this
tiling? But, as a fact, there the cable dis-
patch is; and when by the French Govern-
ment the character ot American officials is
called into question, as. according to this dis-
patch, it appears to be, I ask you, is not that
a subject of serious concern to us? And does
it not most properly figure in the enumeration
of things which render the proposed inquiry
advisable?
Secondly :
Whereas one Squire, agent of Messrs. Remington
& Sons, at New York, in a dispatch dated at Kew
York, October 8,1870, addressed to Samuel Reming-
ton, at Tours, in France, near the Government of
.National Defense, uses tticfollowinglanguage: " We
have the strongest influences working tor us, which
will use all their efforts to succeed.''
The Senator from Iowa seemed very much
startled by the fact that the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts had possession of that document.
Where he obtained it I do not think is a very
important question. The only important thing,
and it seems to me tlie thing which annoysthe
Senator from Iowa, is that the Senator from
Massachusetts lias it. The question is, does
the genuineness of that dispatch stand im-
peached? So far it is not; and now is that
dispatch founded upon something? Is there
anything in it calculated to awaken our atten-
tion and thus give us a ground for inquiry?
Can anybody doubt, the propriety of incorpor-
ating a statement like tins in a preamble of a
resolution of inquiry? If not, why is the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts blamed for it?
Thirdly:
Whereas ia a letter dated at New York, Decem-
ber 13, 1870, addressed by Samuel Remington to
Jules Le Cesne, president of the armament com-
mittee at Tours, m France, the following language
is employed.
I will not read the whole statement again.
It treats of the sale of certain batteiies, I
believe, and of the manufacture of cartridges
in the Government workshops, the order for
which was given a'ter sume difficulty had been
overcome. Sir, is it not eminently proper to
incorporate a statement like this in a preamble
of a resolution of inquiry? When you hear
that the American Government—or, I will
rather say, the ordnance department of our
Government—not only sold arms to certain
men suspected of being agents of one of the
belligerents parties during the great war ot
1870, but that the ordnance department even
went so far as to actually manufacture car-
tridges for sale to such men ; when it is stated
by a gentleman for whose character I think the
Senator from New York [Mr. CoxklixgJ has
already vouched, that after great ditficulty the
order was obtained to have those cartridges
manufactured—I ask you, is there not some
reasonable ground for a suspicion in that? Is
not such a statement with perfect propriety
incorporated in an instrument like this reso-
lution ?
Furthermore:
Whereas the Secretary of War, under date of
January 19, 1872, addressed the following communi-
cation to the Secretary of State"—
I will not read this communication at length.
Tts contents are simply that he denies having
sold to Remington & Sons arms after the mid-
dle of October, while headmits that cartridges
were manufactured at the Government work-
shops for another purchaser of arms; and that
he denies also to know anything of strong
influences brought to bear on the War Depart
ment, as mentioned in Mr. Squire's dispatch.
Why, gentlemen, here is a document of high
official authority, in which one of the allega-
tions brought forward in the letter of Mr. Rem-
ington is substantially admitted and confirmed ;
that is, the manufacture of cartridges, although
it is stated that they were not manufactured
for Remington & Sons, but for Mr. Richard-
son. Is it not proper to bring this forward in
the enumeration ot the reasons which render
this investigation advisable?
Furthermore:
Whereas it appears from these several communi-
cations, not only that arms were sold, but that
ammunition was manufactured in the workshops of
the United States Government and sold to one
Thomas Richardson, the known attorney of Messrs.
Remington &. Sons, when the bids of the latter had
been thrown out for the reason that they were the
agents of the French Government.
I see no impropriety in that, except per-
haps as to the use of the word '• known." I
do not know whether the Senator from Massa-
chusetts put it in for the purpose of conveying
the impression that by the record here he was
known as the attorney of Remington & Sons.
Mr. SUMNER. No; of course not.
Mr. SOHURZ. As I understand, it is a mat-
ter of general notoriety that Mr. Richardson did
legal business for Messrs. Remington & Sons.
Is there any impropriety in this? It is merely a
recital, a further statement, only shorter and
plainer, of what the Secretary of War actually
admits.
Further:
Whereas it appears from the official report of
the Secretary of War that in the year 1870-71 the sale
of ordnance stores reached the sum of 810,000,000,
from which, according to the report, only a small
sum was retained to meet the expenses of preparing
other stores for sale, while the official report of ttie
Secretary of the Treasury for the same year acknowl-
edges thereceipt of only $8,28(3,1)1 70, showing a dif-
ference of over one million seven hundred thousand
dollars.
Nobody will deny that, upon the face of it,
this statement has foundation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I deny that upon the
face of it the statement is correct.
Mr. SCHURZ. Then the Senator from
Vermont denies that on the face of it it is
correct. His denial will go upon record.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Give us the proof.
Mr. SCHURZ. Reading the report of the
Secretary of War, and reading the report of
the Secretary of the Treasury as it has been
read here several times, it appears that in the
Treasury report there is accounted for ord-
nance stores a considerable sum less than
there is reported by the Secretary of War.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That I deny, and [chal-
lenge my friend to read from the documents
the items that he depends upon to make the
charge.
Mr. SOHURZ. They have been read very
frequently.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like my friend
to point them oat, because 1 can show him
that he is laboring under an immeasurable
mistake on that, point.
Mr. SCHURZ. I was going to make a
statement which I think will satisfy the Sen-
ator from Vermont.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Here are the four books;
point them out.
Mr. SCHURZ. I for my part have never
thought of asserting that the apparent discrep-
ancy would nut be susceptible of explanation,
for I cannot imagine that such stupidity would
prevail in any of the departments of the Gov-
ernment that if anything wrong was there they
would make it appear so glaringly upon the
books. I am only endeavoring to show that
the Seuator from Massachusetts had some
reasons for mentioning this matter, although
it can be satisfactorily explained. I will
merely add that in one respect, by the explan-
ations which hav" been given, my mind has
not-been entirely satisfied as to the clearness
of the official statements. Perhaps the Sen-
ator from Vermont can, in the course of this
debate, give us information perfectly satis-
factory.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I cannot give it to him
until he points out to me whereabouts in these
documents the precise thing on which he and
I differ appears.
Mr. SCHURZ. I will tell the Senator. I
had this morning a conversation with ihe Sec-
retary of the Treasury, who explainer to me
the apparent discrepancy between the two
reports for the last fiscal year. I suggested
tu him that that was not the only discrepancy,
but that in the fiscal jear preceding there was
another, and thai the two apparent discrepan-
cies together amounted to about two million
six hundred thousand dollars. Now I tell
the Senator from Vermont that I expect this
discrepancy will be explained also, but I sug-
gest that it has not. been explained up to the
present moment with sufficient clearness.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Butmy honorable friend
does not either understand me or he does not
mean to point out where this apparent discrep-
ancy, as he calls it, is ; because if he will show
it to us I think I shall be amply able to show
him in about five minutes that there is no such
discrepancy.
Mr. SCHURZ. I do not desire to discuss
this matter now, and if the Senator from Ver-
mont will permit me to go on with my argu-
ment, we may return to it when I am through.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Certainly; by all means
go on if vou do not wish to explain.
Mr. SCHURZ. The preamble proceeds:
Whereas a compari-on of the accounts rendered
by the French Government for moneys expended by
its agents m the purchase of arms frora the United
States and tho accounts rendered by the Govern ment
of tneUnited States for moii'-ys received inthesime
transaction show alaige difference, which seems to
have given rise to the suspicion abroad that United
States officials have taken an undue part therein.
It has been asserted that this shows on the
part of the Senator from Massachusetts an
undue familiarity with the affairs of the French
Government. Why, sir, columns upon col-
umns on that head have appeared in the
French newspapers; reports upon reports have
been made upon it; and anybody familiar with
contemporaneous history and reading the jour-
nals of foreign countries could acquaint him-
self with the tacts in ihecase with great facility.
There is no great magic, no hocus-pocus about
this. Anybody who wanted to understand it
could understand it, and certainly the Senator
from Massachusetts, if he wanted to know it,
was able to acquire that knowledge. Nobody
will deny that if in the public press such state-
ments have appeared it is perfectly proper to
enumerate the lact among the reasons for this
investigation.
Again:
Whereas the good name of tho American Gov-
ernment seems so be seriously compromised by these
incidents, and a ju.-t regard to national honor, as
