1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8^31
California, so nVnch for the lecture he hAs read
the majority. Mr. President, there has been
so much clap-trap and pretension on the sub-
ject of amnesty, as it is miscalled, so much
effort made to mislead the public in regard to
the attitude of men and parties upon the ques-
tion, and to locate where it does not belong the
responsibility of the failure of amnesty bills,
that I want to call pointed attention to what is
now passing here, and to put the facts on the
record. A majority of the Senate, as has been
plainly stated, stand ready now to vote- upon
amnesty. The majority now offer and ask to
vote on amnesty pure and simple, and we are
met with factious obstruction. There is an
amnesty bill from the House and an amnesty
bill from the Senate committee, both before
us awaiting action. The noisy friends, the
original friends, as they insist, of amnesty,
have it in their power now to secure amnesty,
and that too without aid from themselves if
they will only allow the business of the Sen-
ate to go on. One of the two bills will be
adopted if we can vote. If the House bill
should prevail, as I think it would, an end of
legislation on the subject would be reached at
once. The only thing needed is that the ma-
jority of the Senate be allowed to proceed,
leaving every man to vote his convictions. If
we cannot proceed, if amnesty shall be lost, if
amnesty will not be accepted by its professed
especial friends, so be it. Here is the oppor-
tunity ; this is the day and this is the hour
when the loudest friends of amnesty may
have amnesty if they will take it. I believe
they may have the House bill, because I hear
so many Senators declare their preference
for it; the Senator from Vermont alone of
the Senators who have expressed themselves
has indicated a preference for the Senate bill.
But it is certain that one bill or the other—
and either will accomplish the purpose—can
be passed now. No member of the majority
stands in the way.
Mr. POJIEROY. If it is desired to move
the House bill as a substitute for the Senate
bill, I have no objection.
Air. CONKLING. Very well; in one way
or the other I say again, and no Republican
Senator 1 think repudiates the statement, that
the House bill or the Senate bill can be adopt-
ed, certainly adopted in an hour, and an end
made of amnesty here if the minority will cease
to be factious.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Will the
Senator from New York allow me a woid?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. .Would the
Senator have any objection to voting to take
up the House amnesty bill now and pass it?
Mr. CONKLING. I would have objection
to defeating my friend from Wisconsin, who
wishes a vote first on the bill securing civil
rights to colored men. I want to vote on it
too.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. By con-
sent, of course, I meant.
Mr. CONKLING. No, Mr. President, after
the night we have passed, and after the attempt
to thwart the orderly proceeding of the Sen-
ate, we should not at the behest of a filibuster-
ing minority, surrender the control and man-
agement of the business of the Senate. Let us
vote first on civil rights, then, as has been
repeatedly promised, amnesty may be acted
on at once.
There is no civil rights bill here from the
House. You can make no end of civil rights
by legislation here. There is an amnesty bill
here from the House, and therefore the just
order of precedence is that that bill should
come first which must necessarily await
action in the other branch of Congress. At
all events, such is the motion made by my
friend from Wisconsin ; and I hope the
Senate will stand by him, and I warn my
friend from West Virginia that if he succeeds
and those with him in their present proceed-
ing, he and they will defeat amnesty. Let
us thii time at least make sure and plain to
all men whose votes it is, whose objection it
is, whose refusal to allow it pass it is that kills
amnesty.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. When the
amnesty bill is before the Senate that will be
the question. Now the civil rights bill is be-
fore the Senate, or is sought to be brought
before the Senate.
Mr. CONKLING. For all practical pur-
poses but for the course of the minority the
amnesty bill would be before the Senate now.
For all purposes of information it is before
the Senate. Why? Because many Senators
openly or in conversation, as the Senator
knows, have declared the purpose of the ma-
jority to act first upon the bill that the Senator
from Wisconsin has moved, and to follow it
immediately by the amnesty bill. The cer-
tainty of this is too clear to be doubted.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Which
amnesty bill? There are two amnesty hills.
Mr. CONKLING. lam aware of that;
and'I have said to the Senator that but one
Senator in my hearing has declared a prefer-
ence for the Senate bill. All other Senators
have declared their preference for the House
bill.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask the Senator
from New York, and everybody else, what
difference it makes on the principle of being
for amnesty which bill you take?
Mr. CONKLING. 1 too ask what differ-
ence does it make? It makes no differ-
ence, I submit. The object is to remove from
former rebels disabilities excluding them from
office. Two bills are within reach of the
alleged special champions of these excluded
persons. Either bill will accomplish the
object. They who have clamored for action
can have it now, either by the House bill or
Senate bill, and I repeat again my belief by
the House bill. The honorable Senator from
Maine, [Mr. Hamlin,] who has looked at
these bills carefully, and whom we are accus-
tomed to follow, declared some moments ago
his preference for the House bill. None dis-
sented from him except the Senator from Ver-
mont. I think the Senator from West Vir-
ginia, therefore, is very safe between these
two bills, and the probability is that he may
have the bill he seems to prefer, namely, the
House bill, without the dot of an i or the cross
ofa t. Will the Senator and hisassociates take
it? That is the question. If he will, he has only
to cease his motions, .his dilatory motions so
often repeated, and let the majority of the
Senate dispose of one bill already tully de-
bated, which can be disposed of at once ; and
then, tarrying no longer, the Senator and his
friends can have amnesty, as they call it. If
they will not take it, let it no longer be pre-
tended that the Republican party is responsi-
ble for the loss of amnesty in the Senate.
Mr. ROBERTSON. Mr. President, I again
renew this proposition, to which I can see no
objection, that we take up the bill known as
the civil rights bill and vote upon it and all
amendments that may be offered without dis-
cussion, and that immediately on the final vole
upon that we take up the amnesty bill and
vote upon all amendments that may be offered
to it without discussion.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. Which
amnesty bill?
Mr. ROBERTSON. The House bill. Is
there any objection to that proposition ?
Mr. CARPENTER. Let us consent to
that.
Mr. THURMAN. No; let us see about
that. In the first place, I have to observe that
it cannot with any propriety be said that the
minority, are improperly filibustering, as the
term is, on this bill. It is certainly parlia-
mentary, and it is certainly proper when a
minority as the Senate stands at the moment
is uncertain whether there is actually a major-
ity for the bill it the Senate were full—it is
perfectly right to try and delay the passage of
the hill or the taking of a Vote* upon it under
such circumstances until there can be a full
Senate. Now, if we were absolutely certain
that there, was a majority of the Senate if the
Senate were lull for this bill now( it might be
said that we were wrong in resorting to a dila-
tory measures. We do not know that. I do
know that this bill was thrust upon the am-
nesty bill, so called, by the casting vote of the
Vice President. It may be that some persons
voted against putting it ou that bill who will
nevertheless vote for it as a separate measure.
On the other hand, it may be that some per-
sons will not vote for the bill in the form in
which the Senator from Massachusetts desires
to amend it who did vote before against put-
ting it on the amnesty bill. It cannot, there-
fore, be presumed by anybody here that there
is an ascertained majority of the Senate for
this bill; and that being the case, it is not
unparliamentary, it is not a waste of time,
it is not filibustering at all for any Senator
to try and delay this bill until the Senate is
full.
Mr. CARPENTER. Isitagreeableamuse-
ment? [Laughter.]
Mr. THURMAN. No, it is not agreeable;
it is most disagreeable, and anything but an
amusement after this long session we have
had. But I say that to vindicate those who
opposed the taking up of the bill, who have
opposed it because we do not know that there
is a majority of the Senate in favor of this
civil rights bill.
Mr. CARPENTER. Ascertain it.
Mr. THURMAN. You cannot ascertain it
by a vote unless you have a full Senate, if a
full Senate were here, I, for one, would raise
my voice in favor of taking the vote without
one single word of debate upon it.
Mr. LOGAN. Allow me to ask the Senator
this question : has there been a vote taken at
this session where the result has shown a full
Senate?
Mr. THURMAN. We have had some votes
very near it; but now there is very little over
half the Senate here, and I do not know that
there is a majority in favor of this bill. I am
never in favor of wearing a majority out where
they are determined to pass a bill.
Now I think of another thing. It is said in
favor of this bill being taken up that if it be
taken up and voted upon then the House
amnesty bill which came from the House last
will be taken up. But- suppose that is taken
up and amended?
Several Senators. It will not be.
Mr. THURMAN. How do you know that?
My opinion is that if that bill be taken up it
will be amended, and the reason why it will
be amended will be that that bill may be re-
turned to the House in order that it may carry
the civil rights bill through the House. That
is exactly what I think is the game. I do not
think that that House bill, if taken up, will
be passed without the crossing of a t or the
dotting of an i.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him a question ?
ilr. THURMAN. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. The bili has certainly
received a two-thirds vote in the House.
Three of these bills have received a two-
thirds vote there. Now, can the Senator
doubt that that same two thirds will have the
power even in the case he puts to pass the
amnesty bill if they choose without reference
to any other bill or the vote on any other
bill?
Mr. THURMAN. They have the power to
Mr. CONKLING. Then why need the
Senator doubt when they have made the
record four times?
Mr. THURMAN. 1 do doubt it very much,
and I will tell the Senator why I doubt it. We
are now within ten days of the close of the
session. In the other House a motion can
now be made at any time to suspend the rules,
