1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1043
•well as to the interests of the Treasury, require that
they should not be allowed to pass without the most
thorough irxjuiiy.
And here I toucii the point which was so
eloquently commented upon by the Senator
from New Jersey. Certainly, to see theAraer-
ican name compromised would be a very pain-
ful thing to every patriotic man, but I think in
the course of my remarks I shall be able to
show that if suspicion has been thrown upon
the American name it is not by those who
denounce these transactions, but by those who
directly or indirectly paiticipated in them;
and when tliere appears any reason to fear
that the American name is thus compromised,
I think every good citizen will endeavor at the
very first opportunity either to clear the Amer-
ican name of all imputations, or to expose and
punish those who compromised it. 1 do not
think that we can protect the honor of the
American name, keep untarnished the bright-
ness of the American escutcheon, by supinely
folding our hands when we see facts cropping
out calculated to throw suspicion upon men
officially connected with our Government.
Nor has the Senator from Massachusetts ever
been known to deal lightly with the honor of
the American name.
Now comes the resolution, and I think this,
with all itsparticular points, will form a special
part of this debate. As far as I can see, the
resolution of the Senator from Massachusetts,
the preamble included, was in the main con-
ceived in a proper spirit and properly put.
He declared time and again that he did not
bring forward positive accusations, but that
be merely suggested suspicions—suspicions
grave enough to demand an inquiry. If any
positive allegations have been made, they were
made oil the other side, for we heard the Sen
ator from Iowa and several other Senators
open and close their speeches with the em-
phatic remark that they were perfectly satisfied
that there was absolutely nothing in the facts
stated in the preamble; that it was a blank
cartridge ; that there was no ground for any
suspicion at ail; that every man in any way
connected with the Government of the United
States stood perfectly clear. I say, therefore,
that if there was any effort to prejudge this
case by allegations, it was made on the other
side ; a complete acquittal was to precede the
investigation.
This will justify a review of the reasons for
the acquittal. Let us see whether they are
entirely conclusive.
The subject of this inquiry is to be certain
sales of arms. Sales of arms, as such, are a
perfectly proper proceeding. They are author-
ized by law. When the arsenals of the Gov
eminent are filled to surfeit, and when there
is a good opportunity to sell, there is good
reason why we should consider it in order to
disposed of our superfluous material for a fail-
consideration. If there is anything in any
manner calculated to make the sales of arms
impioper it may consist in the circumstances
under which those sales are made, or the
manner in which they are conducted.
What were the circumstances under wh'ch iu
this instance those sales were made? There
was a great war going in Europe ; two of the
greatest nations of modern history met one
another on the battle-field; the fate of the Old
World seemed to tremble in the scale; and
this great Government of ours, being a friend
of both these nations, desired to maintain in
that struggle a strict neutrality. Certainly
there was a tempting opportunity for selling
our surplus arms. But it may be asked whether
under such circumstances the sale of avms was
not surrounded by questions of extraordinary
delicacy. It seems to me there were consider-
ations of great, importance suggesting them-
selves befoie the sale of arms under such cir-
cumstances was commenced; especial care,
especial circumspection, were evidently re-
quired. The Senator from Iowa, if I uuder-
s*ood him correctly—and 1 «■«> D£"7 sorry not
to see him in hig seat now, for I may misinter-
pret what he said—advanced here a new and
rather startling principle of international law
as to the maintenance of a country's neutrality.
He said one belligerent Power needing those
arms, and the other not needing them, it would
have been rather a breach of neutrality if we
had stopped the sales, thus not furnishing the
former with what it needed, and that thus a
Government may violate its neutrality by not
selling material of war. I regret the Senator
from Iowa is not present, so that, if I am stat-
ing him erroneously, he might correct me, for
the proposition I thought I heard him advance
was quite extraordinary; I might say some-
what startling.
I merely desire to observe that I certainly
cannot subscribe to that entirely novel doc-
trine. It appears from the record that the
Government of the United States at that time
laid down for itself a very safe rule of action.
The Senator from Iowa called already our
attention to certain proceedings which passed
between the Prussian legation and the War
Department. He said that the Prussian min-
ister had requested the Secretary of War to
suspend the sales of arms for a little while so
that Prussian agents also might have an oppor-
tunity to bid. The Secretary of War having
communicated to me the same statement at
the time, or a short time after, I inquired of
the Prussian legation whether this was actu-
ally the case; and the information I received
was this: that indeed they had requested the
Secretary of War to suspend the sales of arms
for a certain time, but not with a view to buy
for the use of the Prussian Government, which
had arms enough, but, m some way, by advanc-
ing money upon them, to prevent the sale of
those arms to the French. This, as I under-
stand, was to be done by Boker, of New York.
I was further informed that the legation was
instructed by the Prussian Government not
to do this. Such was the story as I received
it. As to the rules of international law as
they now stand, it was admitted by our own
authorities that they do not permit the sale
of arms by one Government to a nation in a
state of belligerency against another. This is
easily proven.
The Secretary of War transmits to Congress
in his report of the 24th of January a letter of
the chief of ordnance, in which the following
statement occurs:
"About half an hour before the time fixed for
opening the bids for the purchase of Springfield aud
Enfield muskets, m October, 1870,1 was shown a dis-
patch from a member of the house of E. Remington
& Sons, stating that they were agents of the French
Government, and authorized to purchase arms tor
it. I postponed opening the bida, and immediately
showed the dispatch to you, and you promptly
directed me to suspend the sale, and not to enter-
tain any bids from JB. iteming ton & Sons for arms,
&c.
This, sir, you will admit, was very proper.
The principle, t'ue lule of action laid down by
our Government for itself, seemed to be sim-
ply this: that no arms should be sold to a
known agent of one of the belligeient Powers ;
in other words, that nothing should be done
by the Government of the United States by
which with its knowledge one of the belliger-
ent parties should be aided to the detriment
of the other. If this rule of action was estab-
lished, then no arms could have been sold by
the Government when their going at otice into
the hands of either belligerent could be fore-
seen with a reasonable degree of certainty.
The Government had to use more than or-
dinary circumspection in this regard. Lhe
Government had to be careful not only not to
sell to men whom they knew to be agents of
either one or the other of the belligerent pariies,
but the Government had to satisfy themselves
that persons applying for arms were not the
agents of either one or the other of the belli
gerent parties, with all the means of informa-
tion within reach. If the Government did not
do that; if arms were sold to individuals who
could reasonably be presumed to transfer
those arms at once to one of the belligerent
parties, it is as clear as sunlight that then this
rule of action laid down was in great danger
of sinking to the level of a solemn mockery.
Now, sir, it is asserted that no arms were
sold to anybody who appeared as an agent of
one of the belligerent parties. Let us look at
the facts. At that time 1 assert that the pre-
sumption was rather strong that every man
approaching the Government to buy large lots
of arms did it with a view to dispose of those
arms to one of the belligerent parties. Sup-
pose, sir, you had been the chief of ordnance.
After the breaking out of the French-German
war, a person had come to you asking for
fifty thousand muskets, or, say, one hundred
batteries of artillery. For what purpose did
he want that large amount of arms? This
question would have occurred to you. He did
not ask for fifty thousand muskets to scare
away the blackbirds; he did not ask for one
hundred batteries of artillery to kill geese on
a pond; not for his own private use and pleas-
ure ; he had an opportunity in view for dis-
posing at once of this enormous material. This
might have been reasonably suspected. I say,
therefore, that under such circumstances a bid
forvery large quantities ofarmswasinits very
nature suspicious, and the Government had
good reason to be more than ordinarily cir-
cumspect in the disposition made of ordnance
stores.
It must also have occurred to you that pre-
vious to a certain date the sales of ordnance
stores were very light. Look at the report.
You will find there are some thousands of
pounds of gunpowder sold now and then ; there
are some pairs of harness, some pig brass, some
cast iron, here and there some Spencer car-
tridges, small lots of rifles, and so on. Suddenly
iu October, 1870, Remington & Sons come to
buy 50.000 Springfield rifled muskets, 14,757
Remington carbines, 19,4S4 Spencer car-
tridges, 17,517,822 Spencer cartridges, and
so on. It was then certain that something
extraordinary had taken place in the market.
The suspicion suggested itself that one of the
belligerents was a bidder and bujer in that
market. Now, I am very far from asserting
that the ordnance department, when it sold
these fifty thousand Springfield muskets and
those numbers of thousands of carbines, was
at that time aware that Mr. Remington was the
paid agent of the French Government. The
Secretary of War says that he did not know
it, and I certainly presume he did not. But
immediately afterward Mr. Remington dis-
closed himself as the agent of the French Gov-
ernment. He telegraphed to them, making a
bid for a new lot of arms, that he acted as the
agent of France.
Mr. CONKHNG. The chief of ordnance
says that he was shown a dispatch disclosing
it, not that the dispatch was sent to him.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator is right. He
was shown a dispatch. At any rate it was
ascertained on very good authoiity immedi-
ately afterward that Remington & Sons were
the agents of the French Government, and
then, as is stated in the report, their bids were
thrown out. This was correct. Bat the sales
continued—sales to a tremendous amount.
Yon will find on page 18 of this report:
" Caleb Hu.-c, 13,000Enfield muskets ; CalebTluse,
2,600,000 musket cartridges; 11. Boker & Co., 50,000
Springfield muskets: Schuyler, Hartley & Graham,
2,500 Gallagher's carbines , Schuyler, Hartley & Gra-
ham, 2,492 Warner's carbines: Schuyier. Hartley and,
Graham, 925,372 Warner's cartridges; Schuyler, Hart-
ley <teGr:.ham, 1UO,UUO Springfield muskets: Austm
Baldwin & Co., 40,000 Springfaeid maskers,185S; Aus-
tin Baldwin & Co., 110.000 Springfield muskets, O. &
K.; Austin Baldwin & Co., 25,000,000 musket car-
uidges."
Of course the new bidders who now came,
warned by theexampleofRemington, wouidnot
come to the Government and tell them, ■' We
are French agents," knowing that it would be
dangerous to the prospect of their operations.
The new bidders, of course, would be very
careful; but I ask you again, was not there
