18^.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
95
42d Cong....2d Sess.
William and Mary College—Mr. Haioley.
Ho. of Reps.
will not forget these facts of history. They
are facts which cannot be wiped out by a report
from a committee, nor can they be wiped out
by speeches made on this floor. The gentle-
man from Virginia [Mr. Braxton] comes here
this morning and attacks not only the Repub-
lican party, but the nation, and the administra-
tion of national affairs in all these past years.
While this bill is now pending to give, not that
which they claim as an act of justice, but a
gratuity from Congress, he says the men of
Virginia have no tears to shed over the past.
They are united now as they have been in the
past. He flaunts the statement in the face of
this House and the country that Virginia has
nothing to forget, that all her past is a past of
glory, of greatness, and renown, in his estima-
tion.
Now, Mr. Speaker, let me call your atten-
tion to the report made in this case, and the
arguments presented in support of the claim.
The gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Hoar,] a member of the committee that re-
ported the bill, in addressing the House the
other day said that this was not debatable
ground ; that this was ground which was in
possession of our forces; that it was ground
which we occupied ; that it was in our occu-
pancy, and not in the occupancy of the rebel
confederacy. Sir, I call the attention of the
House to the report made by the committee in
this case, and a portion of which has just been
read at the Clerk's desk. The report says :
"The peninsula formed by the James and York
nverswas debatable ground, occupied alternately by
the contending forces. Williamsburg, the site of
William and Mary, is its strategic point, the key of
the military position, and terrific battles were fought
for its possession."
Why is it that now, when the case is pre-
sented upon this floor, and gantlemen address
the House in support of it, they leave out of
view the fact that even at Williamsburg, the
site of this college, terrific battles were fought
by these contending forces for its occupancy
and its possession ?
But, Mr. Speaker, I call especial attention
to the language of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Hoar] in the speech which he
made the other day in advocacy of this bill.
The gentleman has coined a new word; at
least to me, Mr. Speaker, it is a new term,
and I call the attention of the House to it.
It is a new term to be applied to warfare. He
says, sneaking of the position of the college,
and giving reasons why Congress should make
this appropriation:
"The second ground is that this was a building
which we had taken possession of; it was on our ter-
ritory; we were using it for our military purposes,
and we had excluded its natural and legal guardians,
and therefore we are bound to restore it to them in
the same good order and condition in which we
received it."
That is the word, Mr. Speaker. We had
"excluded" its natural occupants and guard-
ians ; and therefore we are bound to restore
that college and put it in as good a condition
as it was when we first came into possession
of it. Excluded! Sir, we excluded these men
from more places than that one college or that
one town in the southern States. We excluded
them from the mouth of the Ohio to the delta
of the Mississippi; we excluded them from
Vicksburg to the Atlantic; we excluded them
from Washington to the Carolinas. Ay, in-
deed, we excluded them. And yet, sir, the
history of this case shows—and it has not been
denied upon this floor—that these men who
occupied this college at the commencement
of the war, the man who was its president, the
other professors of the college, and the stu-
dents of the college, enlisted under the banner
of treason and rebellion, and that when our
forces came there the first time they had to
face them with arms in their hands. They
made war upon the stars and stripes and the
gallant men who bore them. For my part,
Mr. Speaker, I do not propose to leave_ out
this feature of the case—to my mind it is
the leading feature—and I propose to show
before I conclude my remarks that that same
fell spirit which actuated these men then pos-
sesses them now.
I am not one of those who would do nothing
to restore the South. I would bring it back
not only to its former greatness, but to a great-
ness far above what it has ever reached before.
I will go as far as any man in legislating in the
proper direction to accomplish that object. I
desire that over the whole southern country
schools may be established, that ignorance may
be swept away, that intelligence, that virtue
everywhere may flourish, and that the waste
places of that country may be made to blossom
as the rose, and that all the desolations of war,
all the desolations that have followed in the
fiery track of war throughout that whole coun-
try, may speedily disappear. I have no malice,
I have no ill-will, no animosity toward the
people of that section of the country. But I
do not propose, while it is true that all over
this country many loyal men and women, and
children orphaned by the late war, are claim-
ing at our hands justice from Congress, and
while these petitions are unanswered, that we
shall take from the Treasury of the United
States $65,000 which is not claimed as an act
of justice from us, and place it in the hands
of men who have sought only the destruction
of the Government.
Mr. BUCKLEY. Will my friend permit me
to ask him a question?
Mr. HAWLEY. Certainly.
Mr. BUCKLEY. I would like to ask the
gentleman from Illinois if there is anything in
the history of this institution which makes it
more meritorious than any other similar insti-
tution in any of the southern States whose
property was destroyed during the war?
Mr. HAWLEY. I am not aware that there
is anything in the history of this college which
should lead me or any just-minded man to
select it from all others from all the devasta-
tion and ruin which swept over the southern
country. If there were, I might possibly be
induced to support the bill.
Mr. KING. I desire to ask the gentleman
what other institution of this character was
destroyed in the South ?
Mr. BUCKLEY. May I answer that ques-
tion?
Mr. HAWLEY. I yield to the gentleman
to answer it.
Mr. BUCKLEY. In Alabama our State
institutions were destroyed by the soldiers in
General Wilson's raid.
Mr. KING. I would like to know whether
the gentleman refers to colleges, or to property
generally.
Mr. HAWLEY. I will say further, in an-
swer to the gentleman from Missouri, that just
before I took the floor one of the members
from the State of Mississippi called my atten-
tion to the fact that in his State four colleges
had been destroyed root and branch, "from
turret to foundation-stone," during the war,
and if we are to pay for the damage done to
this college, if we are to pay for its destruc-
tion, we ought to pay for the four colleges
destroyed in Mississippi, for the public edi-
fices destroyed in the Carolinas, for the school-
houses and all the public buildings throughout
the South. Where is the man who will say
we should pay for this college and not for the
churches destroyed? Where is the man who
would say that we should pay for a college like
this and not for the common-school houses of
that part of the country?
Sir, I beg the members of this House to pause
before they enter upon this business of paying
for public buildings or any property which was
damaged in the South. Many cases have been
coming here since the war began. Parties
have been applying to Congress for relief for
injuries done in different portions of the South.
Congress was so oppressed with claims from
the southern States that the last Congress
passed a law appointing a commission, whose
duty it is to inquire into the claims of loyal
citizens in that section of the country. But this
commission has no power to take money out
of the Treasury of the United States. It has
power simply to ascertain the amounts which
may be due to persons in the South who were
loyal to this Government, and to report those
amounts to Congress; and in every case there
must be full and complete proof that each man
who makes a claim against the Government
of the United States was true and loyal to the
flag during the war.
Sir, that is the very point upon which it
should hinge, and yet, if you come to speak
of justice, we have long delayed that justice
that was due to the loyalists of the South, those
men who stood by the nation in the day of its
peril and danger ; who defended the stars and
stripes at the risk of their lives; whose bleeding
feet have marked with their blood the rocks
upon the mountain sides of Tennessee and
Virginia during the war, as with eager haste
they have fled for their lives before their ene-
mies. Will you forget those men who have
been deprived of all their earthly possessions by
reason of their attachment and devotion to the
Union? Will you pass by every one of them,
as you have thus far done, and by an act of
generosity simply take from the Treasury of
the United States $65,000 for William and
Mary college, when, in my judgment, it has no
legal claim to it ? Sir, once open the door of
the Treasury in this way, and you can never close
it again. If you will open the door as a mat-
ter of gratuity, as a matter of grace and charity,
shall it stand closed to the loyal men of the
South? We have to this day refused to open
the Treasury to pay these men or any of them
what they lost.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hoar] says we " excluded" the natural guard-
ians of this college. Sir, we '' excluded " the
men of Virginia and the men of all the South
from the cities of Richmond and Petersburg.
The city of Richmond was desolated by the
fire of war, and blood flowed down her streets ;
her buildings, public and private as well, were
swallowed up in one common conflagration.
Now, because our armies "excluded" Lee
and his armies from Richmond, because they
dragged down from her turrets and towers the
rebel flag and replaced it with the stars and
stripes, shall Congress restore to Virginia
what she has lost, because her natural guard-
ians were " excluded " from the city of Rich-
mond?
Sir, I must again express my astonishment
that a bill of this character could ever find a
standing place upon the floor of this House, at
least so long as there are so many claimants,
who are admitted by all to have just claims,
who go unpaid and unsatisfied because we
have not now the ability to pay.
I desire to call attention to the three poipfs
of claim made in this case in their consecutive
order. I read now from the speech of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoak] on
this subject. He says:
" Now, the first ground is this: endowed institu-
tions of learning, established by funds lor
public purposes, are excepted and secured, irota
injury by the law of nations. Whenever any civil-
ized nation has, either by the wantonness or by the
necessary act of its own troops not in actual battle,
violated the sanctity of this class of institutions, no
legal claim arises, no claim under t ue law ol nations
arises: but always the most highly^civi.izeu nations
have respected their moral obligations by repairing
the injury where they could_at their own expense.
"The second ground is that this was a building
which we had taken possession of; it was on our
territory; we were using ifc for our military pur-
poses, and we had excluded its natural ana jegai
guardians, and therefor© we are bound to restore it
