1940
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 25,
fosed of the Australian mail bill shall then
e taken up for consideration.
Mr. ANTHONY. I take it the Senator from
California will not antagonize tliat against the
appropriation bills. I think those should come
up next.
Mr. COLE. I only ask to take this bill up
next after the tariff bill and the business of the
Committee on Commerce shall have been acted
on, and then I propose to go on with the appro-
priation bills.
Mr. KELLOGG. Is this a motion, Mr.
President?
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator from
California asks unanimous consent of the Sen-
ate as to a bill which he suggests. The Chair
could scarcely call it up unless the fifteenth rule,
in regard to unfinished business, should be spe-
cifically set aside, because the last rule states:
"No motion to suspend, modify, or amend the
rules, or any thereof, shall be in order except on one
day's notice, in writing, specifying the rule to be
Suspended, modified, or amended, and the purpose
thereof."
It is asking the consent of the Senate that
the Senator from California may have the
floor for this business at a particular time
to the exclusion of other business.
Mr. COLE. Let us vote upon it some way
or other.
Mr. HOWE. I desire to say a word before
it is voted upon. The other day I offered a
resolution giving to the Committee on Claims
one sitting of the Senate. It was then objected
that the tariff bill must be disposed of, and
gome business from, the Committee on Com-
merce, before the question could be consid-
ered. Now I think I must insist, so far as I
can, that after the tariff bill is disposed of
and the Committee on Commerce has been
heard, one day in this session shall be given
-to business from the Committee on Claims.
Mr. COLE. One word only. I do not sup-
pose the bill to which I refer will take a day, or
anything like that. I only ask for a fraction
of a day, when it can be disposed of. I should
like to offer a few remarks upon it and have a
vote of the Senate upou it. It is a matter of
very great importance; but if the Senate is
not disposed to give it favorable considera-
tion, let us have action upou it any way. I
do not want it to be hanging here much longer,
because it is greatly to the prejudice of im-
portant commercial interests.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads reported that bill
twice before, but we never got any vote upon
it. I hope that this year we may bring it to a
vote at any rate, and see what the sense of the
Senate is. I believe if the Senator will forego
• making a speech, and if all others who are in
favor of the bill will not talk, but will just act
so as to bring us to a vote, we can. soon get
the sense of the Senate.
Mr. COLE. I will agree to that.
Mr. CARPENTER. The Senator from
Illinois [Mr. Logan] tried to get an under-
standing the other day in regard to a question
reported on by the Committee on Privileges
and,Elections, which is an important matter,
and which ought to be considered before this
subsidy bill, and which is really a privileged
question. I do not see that Senator now in
•his seat.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is objection
made to the proposition of the Senator from
California?
Mr. JOHNSTON. I object. ,
The VICE PRESIDED T. The morning
hour has expired, and the tariff bill is before
the Senate, being the unfinished business of
the last adjournment. On that bill the pend-
ing question is the motion of the Senator
from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] to sirike out
the second section of the amendment of the
Committee on Finance. The Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Chandler] is entitled to the
Moor. This day lias also been assigned for the
consideration of bills reported from the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. I know the extreme
anxiety to make speeches on the tariff bill, and
I am very anxious to make one upon it myself.
I wish, therefore, merely to show my disinter-
estedness by waiving my own speech and mov-
ing that the tariff bill be laid aside for the pur-
pose of considering the bills reported by the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SHERMAN. As the Senate by aunan-
imous vote has given the Senator from Michi
gan this day for his bills from the Committee
on Commerce, I do not fee! myself authorized
to antagonize with him, but am disposed to
obey the voice of the Senate. Besides, I am
a little at a loss what course to pursue in re-
gard to the tariff bill. My own views on the
subject are well known to the Senate, but I
always regard the instructions of the Senate,
when acting as its organ, as binding upon me
and as overruling my own opinion. I think
the Senate have acted unwisely in regard to
the matter settled by the vote of Friday, but
I feel bound to consider their instructions. If
that vote should be adhered to by the Senate,
then it is manifestly better that we lay asidethe
pending tariff bill and take up the bill sent to
us from the House of Representatives to repeal
the duties on tea and coffee, because we may
as well understand each other perfectly.
On Saturday last I received from twenty to
forty letters and telegrams from the leading
commercial bodies of the United States in the
different cities. They cannot understand pre-
cisely what was the effect of the vote on Fri-
day." These applications became so numerous
that I had finally to refuse to answer them. I
desire now to state that the vote on Friday was
not upon the bill sent to us by the House of
Representatives to repeal the duties on tea and
coffee; but if the Senate has made up its mind
to repeal those duties, the better way at once
is to take up the House bill for that purpose
and pass it. I think, therefore, while giving
way to-day, I must insist that it be with the
understanding that we shall go to work to- !
morrow and dispose of the tariff question with-
out any further delay. I would not give way
to-day but tor the fact that I understand by
the general sense of the Senate this day was
fixed for the consideration of business reported
by the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask the Senate now
to proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 662.
Mr. SCOTT. Will the Senator from Mich-
igan permit me to make a suggestion ?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
Mr. SCOI f. Following out the suggestion
made by the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, I think, after the vote of the Senate
upon the tea and coffee duties, there will be
little difference of opinion in the Senate as to
what the final result will be on that question.
As the Senator from Ohio has stated, there is
a feverish anxiety on the part of those engaged
in trade not only as to the ultimate disposition
of that question, but as to the time to be fixed
when the repeal is to go into operation. The
bill upon which the amendment has been
adopted, if not changed, would go into oper-
ation immediately. The suggestion I desire to
make is that we might, I think without further
debate probably, take up the House bill, make
such amendments as to fix the time when it
shall go into operation, and pass it and dis-
pose of that question at once ; and if that un-
derstanding could be arrived at, and this order
passed over informally, I think we should be
doing a benefit to the countiy. If the Sena-
tor from Michigan will consent that the bill
which he now wishes to have taken up be
informally laid over until we see if that can
be done, I have prepared such an amendment
as will carry out that view, and we can in a
short time ascertain whether it can be accom-
plished.
• Mr. CHANDLER. This is the time fixed
for the consideration of the bills reported by
the Committee on Commerce. Bills are pre-
pared, more than twenty of them, ready for
action, and I hope my friend from Penn-
sylvania will not insist upon the tariff or any
other bill being taken up to their prejudice,
but will allow the order of the Senate for this
day to be carried out.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from Michigan has moved to postpone the
tariff bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that it lie on
the table.
The VICE PRESIDENT. That motion is
not debatable. The motion is to lay the tariff
bill on the table, so that the order assigning
to-day for the business of the Committee on
Commerce may go into operation.
Mr. SHERMAN. Will the tariff bill come
up then immediately, being still the special
order?
Mr. CHANDLER. I will make the motion
with the understanding that it shall come up.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let that be understood.
Mr. CHANDLER. I make the motion with
the understanding that the moment we get
through the business of the Committee on Com-
merce that bill shall come up again.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not want a contest
about it all the time.
The VICE PRESIDENT.^ The tariff bill
was made a special order originally, but it will
require a formal motion to take it up after the
bills of the Committee on Commerce shall have
been disposed of to-night.
. Mr. SHERMAN. But the Senator from
Michigan makes it a part of his motion, I
understand, that the tariff bill shall come up
to-morrow as the unfinished business of to-
day.
The VICE PRESIDENT. Is it the under-
standing that the tariff bill is to be regarded
in the morning as the unfinished business of
to day? ["Certainly;'' "Certainly."] If there
be no objection, the Chair will carry out that
understanding, and the tariff bill will be re-
garded as the unfinished business to be taken
up to-morrow at one o'clock. With that under-
standing the tariff bill is laid on the table, and
the Senator from Michigan is now entitled to
the floor, representing the Committee on Com-
merce.
BRIDGES ACROSS THE OHIO RIVER.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 662.
I he VICE PRESIDENT. Unless some
Senator desires it, the Chair will not take the
trouble to divide the Senate on the question
of taking up these bills during this day, as they
are bills reported by the Committee on Com-
merce. Unless some Senator demands a divis-
ion, the bills called up by the Senator from
Michigan will be regarded as before the Senate.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 662)
authorizingthe construction of a railroad bridge
across the Ohio river at Mount Vernon, in the
State of Indiana.
The Committee on Commerce reported the
bill with amendments.
The first amendment was in line three, to
strike out "railroad" and insert "railway,"
and in line four, after "Illinois," to insert
" southern."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
following proviso:
Provided, That said bridge shall be built with an
unbroken ov continuous span of not less than four
hundred feet in the clear, from pier to pier, over the
main channel of said river, anil shall be constructed
w* '?spect®.111 accordance with the conditions and
limitations of an act entitled "An aet to establish
certain postroads," approved July U,1802.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
Provided, Xhat every bridge hereafter erected
S8 the Ohio river, below the mouth ot the Big
havo at least one span of a height of
if ?? °?e hundred feet aboyo low wator,
>an feet S-bove highest water,
measuiedto the lowest part of the span; that, this
man span shall give a clear opening of at least four
