2836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27, 1
are of the opinion that the general depreciation of
property in that section of the country requires some
deduction from the amount thus allowed by said
board, and believing that $15,000 would be no more
than a just compensation for the property so taken,
report a bill for that sum, and respectfully recom-
mend its passage." . -I. ~
Ambrose Morrison has since died. Ibe sum or
$7,737 83 has been paid him by the War Department
since the report above quoted was made, and we now
recommend the passage of a bill for pay merit to his
legal representatives of the sum of $7,^oZ i7, being
the $15,000 recommended by foregoing quoted report
less $7,737 83 already paid.
To the Senate and Bouse of Representatives of the
United States in Congress assembled :
The memorial of tho undersigned, citizens of Nash-
ville, Tennessee, showcth: fhat the homestead 01
Ambrose Morrison, aloyal citizen of Nashville, -Ten-
nessee, being favorably situated, was taken by the
military authorities for permanent fortifications;
that commissioners were appointed by the command-
ing general, J. D. Morgan, to appraise the value ot
said property, who estimated it at ©Io.om 9u; that
the said Ambrose Morrison has been confined to his
house for the last five years, being paralyzed, and
not able to walk or stand erect; that he has a wile
and five children wholly dependent on him for sup-
port, and the commissioners, in view of the peculiar
and melancholy circumstances of his case, recom-
mended that immediate payment should be made
him, but he has not, up to this time, received a single
dollar of tho amount. ,
Your memorialists, therefore, recommend to the
favorable consideration of Congress the case of the
said Ambroso Morrison, whose entire means of sup-
port has been used in those years of sickness, and he
is now dependent on his aged father-in-law, himself
in embarrassed circumstances, and that he has no
other hope for the future support of himself and
family but in tho payment of his claimfor the prop-
erty taken by the government for military uses.
A. V. S. LINDSLEY.
ALVAN 0. GXLIJEM.
EDWARD H. EASi\
Secretary of State.
JOSEPH S. FOWLER.
Comptroller of the treasury.
jSxkcdtitk Office, Nashville, April 9,1864.
To whom it may concern :
All tho above-named gentlemen are personally
well known to me as truly loyal men, and perfectly
reliable in overy rcspcct. From what I have learned
in regard to the case of Mr. Morrison, I most cheer-
fully commend it for favorable notion.
ANDREW JOHNSON,
Lieutenant Governor.
The amendments of the committee were
agreed to.
Mr. COOPER. I see by the report that the
Original petitioner lias since died. I move,
therefore, to amend the bill so as to read "the
representaiives of Ambrose Morrison."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was- reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. This report does not
state that this claimant in his life time was a
man loyal to ilie Government. He probably
was covered by the amnesty if he was not
loyal. I wish the Senator from Pennsylvania
who made tlie report would state how it ap-
peared before the committee. The report is
silent on the subject, except that it appends
the memorial of those who petition in behalf
of the claimant, which does say, in the usual
form, that he was a loyal citizen, but the
report says nothing about it, except that it
appends the memorial.
Mr. SOOfT. I can only say that the bill
and petition were accompanied by numerous
papers connected with this case, and that they
left no doubt as to the loyaltyof Mr. Morrison
during his life. Indeed, the papers were of
such a character as to show that his loyalty
was of an intensity that was highly creditable
to him, and not often found in that atmos
phere at that time.
Mr. EDMONDS. It was not loyalty under
the great seal or by proclamation that we have
been talking of.
Mr. SCOTT. No, sir; it was loyalty tried
in the fire.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is right.
Mr. WTNDOM. If the Senator from Penn-
sylvania will allow me, I will state one item
ofevidence of loyalty. The proof showed that
Mr. Morrison was paralytic, confined to his
bed, when the vote upon secession was taken
in Tennessee, and that so earnest and intense
was his loyalty that he was carried to the polls
to vote against secession.
Mr. COOPER. If there was a loyal man
in the world he was one.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not wish to debate
the bill, it appearing now from the statement
of the committee that this gentleman was a
man who was loyal in fact. The report of _tbe
committee certainly discloses a just ground of
claim, as it seems to me, and I am very glad
to have the bill passed.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
The title of the bill was amended so as to
read: "A bill for the relief of the legal repre-
sentatives of Ambrose Morrison, deceased.'
AID TO RAILBOADS IN DAKOTA.
Mr. BOREMAN. I ask the Senate to take
np and consider a bill in regard to a matter
in Dakota Territory. It will not take more
than a moment or two. It is Senate bill No.
617.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Senator
from West Virgina asks unanimous consent to
consider the bill indicated by him. It will be
reported in full if there be no objection, as
the morning hour is just expiring.
Mr. BOREMAN. There is a substitute
reported by the committee.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 617)
approving the act passed by the Legislative
Assembly of Dakota Territory authorizing the
people £o vote aid to railroads.
The Committee on Territories reported the
bill with an amendment to strike out all after
the enacting clause, and to insert in lieu
thereof the following :
That the act passed by theLegislativeAssembly of
the Territory of Dakota, and approved by the Gov-
ernor on the 21st day of April, 1871, entitled "An act
to enable organized counties and townships to vote
aid to any railroad and to provide for the payment
of the same," be, and the same is hereby, disapproved
and annulled, except in so tar as is herein otherwise
pr vided. But tho passage of this act shall not in-
validate or impair the organization ot the company
heretofore organized for the construction of the Da-
kota Southern railroad, leading from Sioux City,
Iowa, to Yankton, the capital of said Territory, or
any vote by any county or township granting aid to
said railroad, or any subscription thereto, or any-
thing authorized by, and that may have been done
in pursuance of the provisions of the aforesaid act.
of tho legislative assembly of said Territory toward
the coustrucuon and completion ot said railroad;
and tho organization of said company and the pro-
visions of said act of said Legislative Assembly, so
far as the same authorize, and for the purpose of
validating any vote of aid and subscriptions to
said company for the construction, completion, and
equipment of the main stem of said railroad be-
tween the termini aforesaid, are hereby declared to
be and remain in full force, but no further, and for
no other purpose whatsoever.
Mr. POMEROY. If I understand that, it
annuls a law of the Territory granting aid to
a railroad.
_ The VICE PRESIDENT. If the bill gives
rise to debate, the morning hour has just
expired, and it must go over.
Mr. HAMLIN. I hope that bill will be
allowed to pass.
Mr. MORTON. It is important that the
bill should pass. I think it is right.
Mr. BORE MAN. I will state in a word
what it is.
The VICE PRESIDENT. If there be no
objection the Chair will not call up the unfin-
ished business until the Senator from West
Virginia has an opportunity of explaining the
object of the bill.
Mr. BOREMAN. The Legislature of the
Territory of Dakota passed a general law on
the subject of corporations authorizing sub-
scriptions by counties and townships to rail-
road companies. • Under that law a company
has been organized to construct a road from
Sioux City, Iowa, through four counties, just
passing the capital of the Territory, and the
route has been located; all the bridges I be-
lieve built. At this stage of the proceeding
it has been suggested that the territorial Legis. s
lature went beyond its power in passing this .j
general law, and allowing these votes for sub-
scriptions, and authorizing bonds to be issued
so that it is difficult to realize upon them. |
The contractors are in this condition and the s
citizens cannot progress with the work. The f
Committee on Territories, on a reference of i
this bill, which merely approved what had j
been done, came to the conclusion that these I
were dangerous laws to allow the Legislatures ;
of Territories to pass. Therefore we reported j
a substitute, annulling this law as a general ,
law. but approving what they had done under :
it and allowing them to_ complete this single '
line of road and confirming the subscriptions
which had been made.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask my
friend from West Virginia what he thinks
about this question: assuming, as this bill
does, that this act of the territorial Legisla-
ture was void as an excess of power, and
assuming, therefore, which would necessarily
follow, that the votes of these townships were
void, how can we know that a majority of the *
people of those townships did not stay'away
trom the polls knowing that the whole thing
was a total nullity, and therefore, contrary to
the sentiment of the majority of the property-
holders or voters of the town, those who were
interested in the scheme went to the polls and
gave this vote? Now, we say that a void vote
given in a town meeting, when we have no
knowledge as to how fully attended the town
meeting was, shall bind the property of that
town without again submitting it to the vote
of that town, making the law valid, to see
whether they are willing to agree to it.
I know in some northern States where things
of this kind have happened from time to time
it has not been unfrequent that where a town
undertook to pass a vote in aid of a work of
some public kind there would be a discus-
sion as to whether the town had ihe right to
do it, and a great many people believing the
town bad no right to do it, would not go to
the polls at all, but would stay away from the
polls under the advice of counsel that if they
went to the polls and voted they would be
taken properly to have compromised their
right to resist. They therefore stay away
and then apply to the judicial tribunals for
redress. It would not do in such a case for the
sovereign power to turn around and say they
would validate that void act. That would be
legislating backward with a vengeance.
Mr. BOREMAN. Mr. President 
Mr. COLE rose.
The VICE PRESIDENT. This is subject
to a demand for the regular order.
Mr. COLE. I am very sorry to object to the
bill of the Senator from West Virginia. I
objected to this bill yesterday, but I supposed
it would pass without discussion this morning.
Mr. BOREMAN. I think it will.
Mr. COLE. Then let us vote upon it-
Mr. BOREMAN. I merely wanted to make
an explanation.
The VICE PRESIDENT. The Chair will
hear the Senator with pleasure if the regular
order is not demanded. The Chair understands
the Senator from California to yield for a
moment or two longer.
Mr. BOREMAN. I did not say that it was
my opinion or the opinion of the committee
that these votes were void at all, and there
was no such suggestion at the time the votes
were taken. I said that subsequently some
persons had suggested legal difficulties in re-
gard to the power of the Legislature to pass
the law, and therefore they came here to get
the sanction of Congress as to the particular
company and its transactions, which they had
organized simply to give them character ana
standing. There ha3 been no decision and
no written opinion even of a lawyer so far as
I know that the proceedings have been void,
that the territorial Legislature exceeded its
power.
