148
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
December 15,
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time : and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
belinda craig.
Mr. MOORE, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 621) granting a
pension to Belinda Craig ; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill was read. It directs the Secretary
of the Interior to place an the pension-roll,
subject to the provisions and limitations of the
pension laws, the name of Belinda Craig,
widow of William T. Craig, late a private in
csmpany B, ninety-eighth Pennsylvania vol-
unteers, and pay her a pension from and after
the passage of this act during her widowhood.
Mr. BIRD. I call for the reading of the
report in this case.
The report was read. It sets forth that the
petitioner was the wife and still remains the
widow of William T. Craig, who was drafted
into the service of the United States in 1864.
After having been forwarded to his regiment,
the said Craig was taken sick with typhoid
fever, and granted a furlough of seventy days.
Upon his return to duty, being still in a weak
condition, he was sent to the front at Peters-
burg, and being unable to endure the fatigues
of the march he dropped exhausted by the
way, and has sever since been seen or heard
of. The committee, taking into consideration
the character of the man, proved to be cor-
rect, the fact that he was a stranger to his
comrades, and his sick condition, are of the
opinion that his death may be fairly inferred.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. MOORE, from the same committee,
made adverse reports upon the following peti-
tions, &c.; whieh were severally laid upon the
table :
The memorial of Captain .T. W. Quinn, of
Charlestown, Massachusetts, for pension on
account of injuries received while on duty in
the United States revenue marine;
The petition of B. J. O'DriscolI, for a pen-
sion;
The petition of Amy Halsey, of Morristown,
New Jersey, for additional pension ; and
The petition of Mary A. Miller, of Morris-
town, New Jersey, for a pension.
richard T„ crawford.
Mr, MOORE, from the same committee,
reported a bill (H. R. No. 622) granting a
pension to Richard B. Crawford : which was
read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time. It directs
the Secretary of the Interior to place upon the
pension-roll, subject to the provisions and lim-
itations of the pension laws, the name of Rich-
ard Crawford and pay him a second lieuten-
ant's pension from the date of the allowance
of his pension by the Pension Office.
t'he bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time : and being engrossed, it wa;
accordingly read "the third time, and passed.
Mr. MOORE moved to reconsider the vote
by whieh the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
adverse reports.
Mr. PECK, from the same committee, re-
ported adversely upon the following petitions ;
which were laid upon the table:
The petition of Frank L. Tibbits, of Epjaing,
Rockingham county, New Hampshire, tor a
pension; and
The petition of William D. Boyd, of Ken-
tucky, asking that his name be placed upon
the pension-roll.
joseph bryant.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, reported a bill
(H. R. No. 623) granting a pension to Joseph
Bryant; which was read a'first and second
time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, which was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the provisions and limitations of
the pension laws, the name of Joseph Bryant,
late e private of company E, fifty-fourth Penn-
sylvania volunteers, and to pay him a pension
from and after the passage of this act.
Mr. McCORMICK, of Missouri. Is there
any report in this case'? If so, I ask that it be
read.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania. There is no
report accompanying the bill. I was simply
instructed by the committee to report this bill,
and recommend its passage by the House.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. SPEER, of Pennsylvania, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
elizabeth h. morgan.
Mr. WAKEMAN, from, the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill (H. R. No.
624) granting a pension to Elizabeth H. Mor-
gan ; whieh was read a first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
The bill, whieh was read, directs the Secre-
tary of the Interior to place on the pension-
roll, subject to the limitations and provisions
of the pension laws, the name of Elizabeth H.
Morgan, widow of Peleg H. Morgan, late an
ensign in the United States Navy, and to pay
her a pension from and after the passage of
this act and during her widowhood.
Mr. BIRD. I ask that the report in this
case be read.
Mr. WAKEMAN. There is no written re-
port in this case, but I can in a very few words
state the facts in the case. Peleg H. Morgan, an
ensign in the naval service of the United States,
was granted one month's leave of absence,
and during that month he died. We have the
testimony of his attending physician stating
that his death was occasioned by fever con-
tracted before his leave of absence was granted.
It was about twenty days after he left the steamer
Montgomery before he died ; he died at home
while on furlough. The committee were of the
opinion that under the circumstances the pen-
sion should be gra-.ted to his widow, to take
effect from and after the passage of this act. If
he had died while on board his vessel, of course
there would have been no question about the
pension. It is a mere question whether or not
he died of disease contracted while in actual
service, or while at home. There is no doubt
in the mind of the committee that he died uf
disease contracted while in actual service,
and therefore they recommend the passage of
thi- bill.
Mr. BIRD. My object in asking for the
reading of the report was in order that this
case might be brought distinctly to the atten-
tion of the House. This ensign had a furlough
of thirty days. After he had been at home
ab®ut two weeks he was taken sick, and in a
week's time thereafter he died. The testi-
mony of the attending physician was that he
believed he died of disease contracted whi!„
he was in the service; but he gives no facts,
no data. He was not sick until he had been
at home upon furlough for two weeks. Now,
if it be the pleasure of this House, under these
circumstances, to grant a pension, well. I call
the attention of the House to this particular
ease in order that, as a member of the Com-
mittee on Pensions, I may have the benefit of
the instruction to be derived therefrom. If
this testimony be deemed sufficient to warrant
us to recommend a pension in this particular
case, then such an instruction will be of great
service to the committee.
I repeat, that this ensign obtained a fur-
lough of thirty days; about two weeks of that
time expired before he was taken sick. In a
week's time after he was attacked with the
disease he died. The question in my mind
is whether there is sufficient proof for us to
grant this pension; whether it is clear that he
died in the line of his duty, or of wounds or
disease contracted while in the service. It is
not apparent to my mind that he did not,
through indifference, or neglect of his person,
or otherwise, contract this disease foolishly,
or by some hardihood of his own. I think
that where there is a want of affirmative proof
the application should be accompanied by such
negative proof as to satisfy us that the disease
was not contracted by neglect or imprudence
of the individual,himself.
But I repeat that my object in asking for the
reading of the report and iu making this state-
ment is to ascertain the sense of the House,
that we may derive therefrom instructions as
to what our action should be when such testi-
mony as this i3 presented to us in the future.
If it be the pleasure of the House to grant a
pension in this case I am content, though I
question very much the propriety of such
action.
Mr. WAKEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I think
that my colleague on the committee [Mr.
Bird] is a little mistaken as to one point of
fact. The physician testifies that this man
died of malarial fever; and he gives what it i;
true is merely an opinion, that the disease was
contracted while the man was in the service
of the United States. But it seems to me, Mr.
Speaker, that where a person in the military
service is on furlough for only thirty days, and
dies within that period of a fever which may
naturally be presumed to have been contracted
in the southern climate, where the man has
been on duty, that fact ought to be sufficient
to warrant us m granting a pension to his
widow. This man was. in point of fact, in the
actual service of his country when he died, for
he was only on furlough. It is true, as stated
by the Department, that he was sick only one
week, but there is no evidence that he was no!
really unwell at the time he left the steamer
Montgomery. We have no evidence on that
point one way or the other.
Mr. BIRD. That is the point I make, that
there is no evidence one way or the other.
There is evidence, very full and satisfactory,
that the man was sick only one week, which
would seem to exclude the other conclusion.
Mr. ARCHER. Mr. Speaker. I hope this
hill will be passed, for without regard to the
particular merits of the case. 1 think the meas-
nse should be adopted as a precedent for giv-
ing pensions to naval officers who died as this
man did. The naval pensions stand in a dif-
ferent position from the Army pennons. The
naval pensions are derived from a fund of
SX4,0(«.i,000 which belongs to the officers and
seamen of the country, having accrued as the
fruit of captures made in the war. i he Gov-
ernment has deprived the officers and seamen
of more than one half of the interest of this fund
by an act which was passed allowing only three
per cent, on the $14,000,000. 1 hope that the
House will pass this bill, not only for the pin-
