10 4A
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
February 15,
reasonable ground for suspicion? Had not
the ordnance department strong reason to
take surrounding circumstances into consider-
ation, and to use more than ordinary circum-
spection intliecase? Wasnotthe fact already
.apparent that cargo after cargo of arms was
being shipped to France week after week?
Was the ordnance department justified if it
violently closed its eyes to see nothing of what
was going on ? Was not the presumption that
those men bought these arms, not for the pur-
pose of transferring them to one of the bel-
ligerents, bat for other uses, a somewhat vio-
lent presumption ? And yet this was exactly
the presumption which was acted upon. It
turned out afterward that all of those who
bought these large lots of arras did act as the
agent of one of the belligerents in some way,
and that the arms th ey had bought were at
once shipped to Prance.
Mr. CONKLING. I should be glad to hear
from the Senator where that appeared.
Mr. SCHURZ. If the Senator will read
the items in the report of the Secretary of War
about the sale of ordnance, and if he will read
also in the French documents, which he can
find in French papers and reports, the lots
bought there, he can identify them very easily ;
or is the Senator one of those who suppose
that Austin Baldwin & Co. bought one hun-
dred and ten thousand Springfield muskets, as
I said before, for the purpose of scaring away
blackbirds?
Mr. CONKLING-. Does the Senator want
an answer?
Mr. SCHURZ. Certainly.
Mr. CON KLING-. Then I beg to say to hint
hat the Senator front New York is not one
who will discuss this question as if at that time
the Franco-Prussian war gave rise to the only
arms market in the world. On the contrary,
be will discuss it, knowing that at that time
other peoples were arming, as the Senator from
Missouri also knows. And in the same con-
nection I say to him that having made some
investigation on this subject 1 not only do not
find that coincidence between French accounts
and American sales which identifies these arms
as all having gone there, bat I find the reverse
to my entire satisfaction.
Mr. SCHUliZ. I think the course of the
investigation wiil satisfy the Senator that if
not absolutely all, at least an overwhelming
majority of these arms went right there.
Mr. CONKLING. The Senator will ob-
serve that there is a difference between "all"
and "an overwhelming majority." Ashe
expressed it, I understood him to say that all
these arms went there, and that I would so
find if I would look. I reply to him that I
do not so find, nor do I understand that the
purchase of arms by the two belligerents of
which he is speaking constituted by any man-
ner of means the whole or even the ctiicf mar-
ket in Christendom for arms at that time.
Mr. SCIIURZ. I think that is one of those
things which can easily be ascertained by the
investigation. At any rate,it will turn out that
all the large lots of" arms sold went that way.
It may, however, interest the Senator also to
learn that most of those who bought arms
after Remington & Sons' bitU were thrown oat
turned out afterward virtually to be sub-agents
for Remington & Sons, font is a very curious
fact, that comparing French accounts with this
report, in point of price, a great many of these
lots tally exactly, that is to say, the pnccs
paid by the French Government tally with the
prices received here, and it must be borne in
mind that all these lots of arms went through
the hands of Iteminaton, who was the general
authorized agent of France; he picked up these
lots here and shipped tlifia there, and while
he did so on his own nccount, I repeat it
turns out that, in pom t of price per piece, the
prices paid here and the prices charged there
tallied almost exactly as regaids most of the
lots sold under other names. There is an
eminent probability that tie relations existing
between these gentlemen and Remington were
of an exceedingly intimate nature, so that, in
point of fact, it will be very difficult to tell one
from the other. But, sir, it seems also that
Mr. Remington himself was the business agent
of some of these very gentlemen, conducting
their transactions for them with the ordnance
department. I will refer to that letter from
Mr. Remington which was produced here yes-
terday by the Senator from Massachusetts.
That letter is addressed to Jules Le Cesne,
esq., president of the commission of armament:
" New York, December 13,1870.
" Sm: I have the honor to inform you that I have
received your telegrams of the 10th and 11th, order-
ing the number of batteries to be reduced in number
to fifty. and informing me of insiructions to the
consul regarding the isist credit to him of 3,0(10,000
francs. Although at the time of the receipt of the
telegram I"—
Mark you, "I," Remington—
"had bought the whole number, (one hundred,) and
had paid the advance required, $2(10,000, the Govern-
ment very willingly reduced the number to fifty."
Where do these fifty batteries appear? Look
over the report of the ordnance department
and you search in vain for the name of Rem-
ington, but these fifty batteries do appear on
the nineteenth page of that report under the
name of Austin Baldwin & Co. So we have
here Mr. Remington, v;bo says, " I got the
Government to reduce the number of batteries
from one hundred to fifty "I made the iirst
payment of §200.000 these being the same
batteries, for there are no others, which ap-
pear here under the name of Austin Baldwin
& Co. We go on with this letter, and we find
Mr. Remington in a confidence with the chief
of ordnance which is perfectly astounding. He
says :
"The chief of ordnancethinksitmay taketwenty
to thirty days before they all can be brought in.
Only about five thousand with cartridges can be
shipped now." * * * * --a
'* The chief of ordnance estimates the co&t of the
arms, including boxing and expense of freight to
bring them to New York, at 620 60 currency. This
price X have agreed to pay, and have made the
necessary deposits."
This was dated at New York December 13,
1870, and, mark you, Remington had discov-
ered himself as the French agent before the
18ih of October of that, year. And yet the
same man whose bid had for that reason been
rejected, and who was therefore under the ban
of the department, the same man says here
to the commission of armament in France, '•[
have made this arrangement with the chief of
ordnance," "I have bought these arms," and
I have made these payments."
Now, I suppose, this appearing from Mr.
Remington's own letter, it cannot be regarded
as a mere empty boast for the purpose of get-
ting money out of the French Government, lor
the Senator from New York told us yesterday
that he considered Mr. Remington a perfectly
honorable man.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not know to what
the Senator refers as having been said by me
yesterday. I believe he referred to it once
before.
Mr. SCHURZ. I understood the Senator
from New York to say that Mr. Remington
was a very worthy neighbor of his, and a gen-
tleman, and all that sort of thing; that he was
a great arms merchant, and so on, giving him
a general indorsement. I may have misunder-
stood him.
Mr. CONKLING. That shows the extent
of the honorable Senator's understanding, but
it is too great a measure of what I said. I
made no such declaration, be my opinion as it
may. I said that Mr. Remington was my
neighbor; that I had known him long, and his
father before hiin ; and I added that he did
not deserve, I thought, to be spoken of as lie
had been by the Senator from Massachusetts.
1 said also that for a long time and on a large
scale he had been a manufacturer of and
dealer in aims, and was known in that char-
acter to the Government. This is, 1 think,
the substance of my statement. I did not
employ the terms the Senator ascribes to me,
or go into the particulars he mentions. I do
not say that all he supposes I said might not
fitly be said. I only correct him as to the fact
in regard to the debate as it took place.
Mr. SCHURZ. The Senator says he might
indorse him if he had occasion.
Mr. CONKLING. I say I do not affirm
or deny that I might. I say nothing on that
subject now.
Mr. SCHURZ. I am going to refer to
circumstances to show what occasion did
require it-
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to know what
I said of Mr. Remington to which the Senator
from New York takes exception.
Mr. CONKLING. That I coukl hardly in-
ject now into the speech of the Senator lrom
Missouri. At any convenient time I will be
happy to answer the Senator's question; but
I suppose it would be hardly fit to do so now
in the midst of the speech of the Senator from
Missouri. I will, however, do it, if both Sen-
ators wish me.
Mr. SCHURZ. I have no objection.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator said I had said
something in regard to Mr. Remington to which
he objected. 1 should like to know what it
was.
Mr. CONKLING. I understood the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts to speak of Mr. Rem-
ington not only in a disparaging way, but I
think in an opprobrious way, oil one occasion
alluding to tins Remington." I understood
him to treat Mr. Remington as if he was a
disreputable tnan, a dish inest or unpatnotic
man, who bad been figuring in France of late
ill some improper way. Indeed, I think that
a listener could hardly fail of the impression
that the Senator meant that by false testimony
or by improper influence of Mr. Remington a
conviction had recently befallen a culprit in
France. This was one connection in which he
spoke of Mr. Remington as a person who went
to France authenticated, fortified. I may havo
received an incorrect impression of what the
Senator intended to say ; but I certainly sup-
posed he meant to assign Mr. Remington a
very low and uufortunate place in the scale of
being.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don. If the Senator will look at the report
he will see that there was nothing to justify or
sustain him.
Mr. CONKLING. Shall I understand the
Senator now, then, to say that he did not in-
tend and does not upon these facts intend 1o
impute anything improper to Mr. Remington?
Mr. SUMNER. I say I never intended to
mike any allegation in regard to Mr. Reming-
ton. I aim ply referred to facts. He has been
recently a witness in the courts of France and
has attracted great attention there, as the Sen-
ator knows. To them I referred ; that was
all. I think the Senator will find no expres-
sion by which I in any way characterized Mr.
Remington. I had no disposition to do it ;
and if any such thing fell from me in the course
of my remarks I have no recollection of it,
and I certainly did not intend to say anj thing
characterizing Mr. Remington. I know noth-
ing with regard to Mr. Remington's character
beyond what appears in this transaction.
Mr. CONKL1.NG. Very well. I am more
likely no doubt to be mistaken about, this than
the honorable Senator f'toni Massachusetts. I
do not wish to continue the matter at this
time, but only to add that I do know that Mr.
Remington has recently appeared as a wifnesa
before a tribunal of France, and I find also in
a journal which lies before me, published yes-
terday, a letter from a correspondent stating
that Mr Remington has received tin- thanks,
the somewhat conspicuous acknowledgment,
apparently, of that tribunal and of its presi-
dent, fur his intelligence and integrity.
Mr. SCLLURZ. 1 am most happy to hear
the Senator from New York say so, to give
Mr. Remington so high a character, for I was
