3732
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 21,
and the minority, if they are strong enough
and see fit to do it, can prevent the passage
of any bill; bat if you send these two bills to
the House together, it may be, if the vote the
other day on the motion to suspend the rules
in order to direct the Judiciary Committee to
report the civil rights bills is to be taken as
any criterion of the opinion of the House, then
they may stop the amnesty bill until the civil
rights bill is passed upon, just as it is proposed
to do here; for it was stated in the Senate the
other day that on that motion to suspend the
rules in order that the civil'rights bill might
be reported to the House and put upon its
passage, there was a majority of thirty-six.
M,r. CARPENTER. Allow me to suggest
to the Senator that the House has two or three
times by a two-thirds majority passed an am-
nesty bill without any reference to a, civil
rights bill. Now, suppose both are thrown
back on them to-morrow morning, who doubts
that they will do what they have already agreed
upon; that is, pass the amnesty bill without
reference to the civil rights bill.
Mr. DAVIS, of West Virginia. If the
amnesty bill is amended, it will have to go
back to the House. The House and Sanate
may disagree and we may have no amnesty
bill at all at this session. That is the diffi-
culty.
Mr. LOGAN. I beg leave to say just one
word. I have been for amnesty all the time.
Senators 011 the other side of the House say
they are for it; but I do not think they are
now. I have never voted for this civil rights
bill. I voted against putting it as an amend-
ment on the amnesty bill every time the vote
was taken. But you will lind this to be the
case: you will never pass amnesty through the
Senate until you vote on the civil rights bill.
That we may take notice of as a fact.
Mr. CA8SEULY. Wecau stand that, if the
Senator's associates can.
Mr. LOGAN, Very well; I can stand it,
as far as 1 am concerned. I have been a friend
of amnesty all the time.
Mr. CHANDLER. I can stand it.
Mr. LOGAN. So can I. I have nobody
needing amnesty in my country. Jt does not
affect me. 1 am ready that you shall pass the
bill or not, as you please. 1 know the fact to
be as I have just stated, or at least I presume
it to be so. I have hoard no such remark
made, but that is the inference that I drew
from the voles which have been given. I
judge from the debate that t.he majority will
not hack down from one of their associates
who has made the pending motion, but will
stand by him. I want to vote for amnesty,
but I do not expect to vote for it without first
voting either for or against the civil rights
bill. 1 agree with the Senator from New York.
Although I have been a friend of amnesty and
have stood with the gentlemen on the other
side of the Chamber on that question, I agree
with him now that if they refuse to do it they
are responsible for it themselves.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I desire not
to deceive anybody nor be deceived myself. I
propose to take up this bill. I shall vote for
the original bill that we take up and not for
the amendment, but if the amendment is
adopted I shall vote for the bill then as
amended. I leave it to the majority of the
body to determine. I think that is fair. I shall
vote to take up the amnesty bill immediately
after if we can. I shall vote for the Senate bill
for this reason": I want to go to the House of
Representatives with both bills and give them
both a fair chance, and if that is not agreed to
I shall vote for the House amnesty bili. I am
willing to leave this to a majority. That is
how 1 feel about it. I am tor the amnesty
and for the civil rights bills, and have been all
winter and expect to be to the end of the
chapter.
Mr. BLAIR. I simply wish to say that as
far as the responsibility is concerned, I, as an
individual Senator, am not willing to assume
the responsibility of standing in the way of
the amnesty bill. I am for it. I do not say
whether what has been said by Senators on
the other side is altogether in good taste as
far as I am individually concerned, but I
mean to relieve myself entirely of all respon-
sibility of being in the way of the amnesty
bill. I am for accepting the proposition which
has been made. I wish it distinctly under-
stood that I do not mean to interpose any
obstacle in the way of amnesty, and I desire
that a record shall be made so far as I am
concerned on the subject.
Mr. STEVENSON. I heard with pleasure
the gentleman from New York, but I have
not yet understood what the proposition is.
Now, I want to understand what this agree-
ment is. If the proposition is to take up
House bill No. 2761 
Mr. SAWYER. That is not the present
proposition.
Mr. STEVENSON. I say the first propo-
sition is to take up the civil rights bill. Then
if that is taken up, is the proposition to take
up and pass House bill No. 2761 without
ampndment?
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is not my proposi-
tion.
Mr. POMEROY. Oh, no.
Mr. STEVENSON. There is no such propo-
sition.
Mr. POMEROY and others. No.
Mr. STEVENSON. Then there is no such
proposition made.
Mr. CONKLING. Allow me to interrupt
my honorable friend a moment. Of course
we can make no proposition which shall bind
any Senator as to the way in which he shall
vote. Doubtless the Senator knows that there
are several members of the Senate who will
not vote for amnesty at all. There are mahy
more than two thirds who will vote for it, and
that is all he wants to accomplish; it is all
I want to accomplish. I intend myself at the
proper time to vote for an amnesty bill, which
the Senator may suppose I do not. So as to
civil rights. The Senator of course cannot
expect that any agreement will be made. He
would not ask any agreement to control any
Senator's vote on this side about civil rights.
Ho will vote his convictions. Sc as to amend-
ing these bills. I suppose, from what 1 hear,
that the civil rights bill will be amended in
those respects as to which objections have
been made to it. I hear many Senators advo-
cating that, the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Logan] and other Senators. Of course every
Senator votes his convictions upon that.
When we come to amnesty, the same thing
will happen ; and therefore unless the Senator
shall take the trouble to canvass the Senate,
neither he nor I could find out how on partic-
ular propositions to amend, to strike out an
exception, for example, the vote of the Senate
would be; and it 1 have said anything by
which I have led him to suppose that I have
any knowledge of the sort, 1 beg to correct it,
for I do not wish to mislead anybody.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am perfectly satis-
fied the Senator from New York will do what-
ever he says. I undeistood him to say he was
speaking for himself. I have the utmost faith
in whatever that Senator may say. But it
cannot be said that we stand in the way of
amnesty when we do not know, in allowing
the civil rights bill to be taken up, whether we
are going to get amnesty or not.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You know you will get
an opportunity to vote directly on some bill
which you had not before.
Mr. STEVENSON. Are we going to have
an opportunity to vote on the Hou.se bill or the
Senate bill, which?
Mr. EDMUNDS. Either will become a law
if it passes both Houses. My opinion is that
that is pretty plain.
Mr. STEVENSON. It makes a great dif-
ference with me, and I am frank in the expres-
sion of my opinion that I would not vote to
take np the civil rights bill if I thought the
Senate amnesty bill was to be passed, because
I do not know that I would get amnesty then ;
but if I thought the House bill could be passed
without amendment, then I should interpose
no objection. Therefore we disagree. There
has been no agreement, there has been no
basis of agreement.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the Senator allow
me once more to make a suggestion?
Mr. STEVENSON. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. My honorable frieud
must observe this, and I am very sure he and
I will not differ about it: the Senate amnesty
bill is much better than no bill at all. So far
we agree. Nevertheless, if the Senate bill
should pass and it should fail in the House,
amnesty would fail. Now, I want to present
to the Senator this consideration : by the rules
of the House, although earlier in the session
a motion to suspend the rules is not in order
except on Monday, every day now for ten
days it is in order all the time to move to sus-
pend the rules. A two-thirds vote does that,
precisely the vote necessary to pass an am-
nesty bill. That vote the Senator has seen
recorded in the House four times on the final
vote, and many, many times on test questions.
Now suppose, although the Senator and I may
be willing to take up the House bill, the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] moves
to take up the Senate bill and gets a majority
for it and substitutes it, against the vote of the
Senator from Kentucky and myself; what of
it? It goes to the House where he has an
assurance that it is res judicata, as I may say,
that the bill will pass and pass by itself with-
out reference to anything else. Is not that
better than nothing? And is it not far better
for the Senator to take it at this stage of the
session, with the tariff and tax bill pending,
in which I will be very frank to say to the
Senator, and I can speak for a good many,
more interest is felt than in the amnesty bill ;
and I believe I may say that many Senators,
if they have the power to distinguish between
bills, will go for that bill which releases forty
or fifty millions of taxes if every other bill is
lost in going for it, amnesty and everything
else. With that situation of things, had not
the Senator better make hay while the sun
shines, and take this bill and let it go to the
House and be passed there, even if we get
only the Senate bill ?
Mr. STEVENSON. If I could arrive at the
same conclusion that my friend does I might
agree to the proposition. In the first place
instead of ten days we have but seven days.
To-morrow week, this being Tuesday, the
House adjourns at twelve o'clock. Sunday is
to be deducted.
Mr. CONKLING. And every day it is in
order to suspend the rules.
Mr. STEVENSON. Every day itisinordor
to move to suspend the rules, but whether it
will be done or not is more than I can tell. I
am only answering the objection that we have
amnesty in our keeping. We have not got
amnesty in our keeping.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. Will the Senator
allow me to make a remark?
Mr. STEVENSON. With great pleasure.
Mr. MORRILL, of Maine. One thing is
clear, that if you make this arrangement it will
give an opportunity immediately and without
debate to have a vote on the two bills ; first on
this proposition for civil rights, and then im-
mediately thereafter on the proposition for
amnesty. That is precisely what 1 assume the
Senator desires in regard to amnesty, to say
nothing of civil rights. By voting "for civil
rights now, you come immediately to amnesty,
and I submit to the Senator whether upon the
assurances that have been given with regard
to the House bill, he does not think under the
circumstances the way to favor the adoption
of the House bill is to take up this bill now.
Mr. STEVENSON. I am obliged to the hon-
orable Senator from Maine for his suggestion.
