: W
1872.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2837
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator must know
that there is a general law of Congress pro-
hibiting any Territory from incorporating a
railroad company.
Mr. BOREMAN. I think this bill is suffi-
ciently guarded even if that be so ; but I ex-
amined the statute and could find no such law
as that referred to by the Senator from Kan-
sas. By this bill as a matter of policy we have
annulled these laws except as to this particu-
lar company, and we confirm what they have
done and validate it and make it legal. It will
be a great wrong to these people after having
partially constructed their road and spent a
great deal of money if the thing should go to
pieces at this time. There will be no harm
done to anybody by validating what has been
done, and I think it will be better to pass the
bill in that form.
Mr. HAMLIN. I ask the indulgence of the
Senate for a few moments. I believe I am the
only member of this body who has been in the
Territory of Dakota. I was there last fall, and
I made the acquaintance of the principal men
of the Territory. They invited my attention
to the consideration of this subject, and I con-
fess that perhaps there is one reason which
would be a very good one with the Senator
from Vermont why this bill ought not to pass.
That Territory has again and again asked of
the Government some little aid to give them
a railroad to their capital. It has given them
not one mill. Now, the people of that Terri-
tory have gone to work, have organized a com-
pany, have built their bridges, have bought their
iron, have graded part of their road, and they
find that a legal question arises whether the
bonds were legally issued. I understand that
in every locality where the bonds have been
voted no question is raised ; but to make them
sure and certain upon the market, they have
come here and asked for this legislation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. When was this company
incorporated?
Mr. HAMLIN. I do not remember, but I
think two years ago. They are struggling to
build a little road to their capital, i believe
we have aided all other Territories to do what
they are doing by themselves.
Mr. MORTON. Allow me to make one
suggestion ?
Mr. HAMLIN. Certainly.
Mr. MORTON. I understand the question
of the legality of this charter depends upon
this fact: this charter was passed at a special
session of the Legislature, and a dispatch was
received from the Attorney General 
Mr. SCOTT. If the Senator will permit
me to correct him, with the consent of the
Senator from Maine, it all arises out of an act
of Congress of 1867, which the Senator from
West Virginia says he has not been enabled to
find, and which I will read. This is the act
of Congress; the question does not arise out
of a special session of the territorial Legisla-
ture, but under this act of Congress:
"That the Legislative Assemblies of the several
Territories of the United States shall not, after the
passage of this act, grant private charters or especial
privileges, but they may, by general incorporation
acts, permit persons to associate themselves together
as bodies-corporate for mining, manufacturing, and
other industrial pursuits.
Now, as I understand the question, this ter-
ritorial Legislature has passed general incor-
poration laws, not special charters, but under
these general incorporation laws railroad com-
panies have associated themselves together
and claim to have valid charters; but under
this law it is alleged that they are prohibited,
and unless they are embraced m the words
" other industiial pursuits " they are expressly
prohibited.
Mr. MOR.TON. I beg leave to complete
my statement. This special session was called
by the acting Govern >r of the Territory on the
faith of a dispatch received from the Attorney
General, stating as it was received there that
he had authority to call a special session.
Subsequently, alter the Legislature had met
and this law had been passed, a correct copy
of the dispatch was received, stating that he
was not authorized to call the special session.
So far as they are concerned out there, their
notion of the legality of the act does not
depend upon the statute read by the Senator
from Pennsylvania, but depends upon the
question of the authority of the acting Gov-
ernor to call a special session of the Legis-
lature.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask the
Senator from Indiana, who is certainly a
man in whose legal judgment I usually place
very great confidence, what he thinks of the
effect of the act read by the Senator from
Pennsylvania?
Mr. MORTON. I have not had time to
consider it. It might be doubtful under the
language of that act whether the Legislature
would have a light to pass a general act in-
corporating railroad companies.
But the question I think is this: they went
on in good faith, not perhaps knowing of that
act, their attention not being called to it, and
passed this law ; afterward, being advised that
it was illegal because the special session was
not authorized, they have asked Congress to
legalize what they have done. In the mean-
time this company went forward in good faith
and commenced the construction of the road;
counties voted their subscriptions and issued
bonds in good faith ; work has been done and
debts have been incurred; and now the question
is whether, under the circumstances, Congress
will not come forward and legalize what has
been done so as to enable this Territory to
complete that road. If Congress had done by
that Territory as it has done by many States
and Territories to which it has given thou-
sands and millions of acres to build railroads
with there might be some other question, but
they have tried to build this railroad by private
subscriptions and contributions of counties.
They have gone forward, and the question is
now whether they shall be stopped, the con-
tractors perhaps ruined, and all lost that has
been done. I submit that there is great equity
in this bill, and I hope it will pass.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I did not ask my honor-
able friend from Indiana to repeat the very-
good speech that he made about ten minutes
ago. I asked his opinion upon a question of
law, which he declines to give, for a reason
satisfactory to himself, no doubt.
Now, as to the equity of this thing, "that
depends," as the saying is. If you are to
assume that everybody has an equitable right
to compel people to become subscribers to a
railroad against their consent, for the reason
that they were ignorant of the statute which
said nothing of that kind should be done, and
no such company should be incorporated, then
this may be considered as equitable; but if
thisvery thing had happened in a State, it would
have been out of the power of the State to
make a subscription by a town legal and bind-
ing upon the minority of the inhabitants which
was not legal, and which was a nullity when it
was submitted to a vote of the inhabitants.
The State cannot take private property by its
sheer will in the way it is proposed that the
private property of the people who are tax-
payers shall be taken to pay taxes for this
objectagainst their will. Therefore, Mr. Presi-
dent, if we stand in the same attitude toward
this Territory and toward these townships that
a State stands toward its own citizens, there
would be a very grave question indeed as to
our constitutional right to pass a bill of this
kind at all.
But we have given a charter to the Territory
of Dakota whicli evidently never contemplated
authorizing that Territory to go into opera-
tions of this character, or to allow one part of
its citizens to compel another part who might
not wish, to engage in the carrying out of rail-
road schemes, however valuable they might be.
The organic act declares that—
" The legislative power of the Territory shall ex-
tend to all rightful subjects of legislation consistent
with the Constitution of the United States and the
provisions of this act, and no law shall be passed
interfering with the primary dispoaal of the soil ; rio
tax shall he imposed upon the property of the Uni-
ted States, nor shall the lands or other property of
non-residents be taxed higher than thelaods or other
property of residents; nor shall any law be passed
impairing the rights of private property; nor shall
any discrimination bo madem taxing different kinds
of property, but all property subject to taxation
shall be. in proportion to the value of the property
taxed."
All that is a plain prohibition against any
invasion of private rights and against permit-
ting one part of the community to tax the
public for these private purposes, al'hough in
one sense public, just as a transportation com-
pany is public in one sense but private in fact,
for the benefit and emolument of its stock-
holders. This, I say, is a prohibition, as it
ought to be a prohibition upon the power of
the Legislature to authorize one pait of the
people in a particular locality to compel the
other part against their will to engage in
schemes of this kind. Therefore, I have no
hesitation in saying myself that not only by
force of the act of 1867, which positively pro-
hibits the existence of such a corporation as
this, but also by force of the organic act, this
thing as it stood when these people were called
upon to subscribe by vote was an entire nullity;
and hence it was an act which had no binding
torce upon any citizen who did not individually
consent to it, even if it did as to him, and
which no citizen who did not individually con-
sent to it was bound to pay any attention to
at all. He had a right to stay away from the
polls; be had a right to withhold going there
to express his opinion either way on the grouud
that it was no better than a caucus or a mob
to have a meeting of the town lor such a pur-
pose, because there stood the statute, which
everybody must be supposed to know, which
says that this Territorial Assembly shall not
do anything of the kind, to begin with, iu
incorporating such companies, and then there
was the organic act which stood up between
every man and his private property and any
method of unequal operation such as this of
going into railroad schemes is confessed to be.
Mr. MORTON. I will ask the Senator this
question—perhaps the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands can answerii—whether ter-
ritorial Legislat ures have n ot general ly assum ed
thatthev had the right to pass railroad char-
ters, and if there have not been a great many
insta.nces of that kind'!
Mr. EDMUNDS. I shall be through in a
moment, and then my friend from Kansas can
answer. I do not know whether they have or
have not. Take it for granted that the terri-
torial Legislature in Washington Territory has
thought so, that does not change the law and
it does not bind any citizen m Dakota to
believe it is the law, because the Territory of
Washington or any other Territory is going
beyond its powers. Why, Mr. President, the
Democratic party would be obliged to give it
up that we had-become a perfectly constitu-
tional party at this time on their own theory,
if the passing of a great number of unconsti-
tutional laws that are in excess of our powers
finally makes up a complete body of constitu-
tional legislation. No, Mr. President, that
will not do ; supposing it to be the case, it does
not help it a particle.
The real point here is just this : here are a
set of contractors who have gone on to build
a railroad upon the faith of certain county and
town bonds; it now turns out that those county
and town bonds are a perfect nullity, and that
they do notbiiid the property of the citizens of
those counties and towns. They are a nulli ty be-
cause the corporation itself is a nullity, having
been created in violation of an express act of
Congress. They are also a nullity because by
the organic act, even if the Territory had a right
to charter incorporations, they had no right
over a majority of the people in any town of
that Territory to compel a minority of the peo-
ple in that town to assist in the construction
