98
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 21,
Ho. of Reps.
William and Mary College—Mr. Goodrich.
42d Coxg....2d Sess.
William and Mary College.
SPEECH OF HON. MILO GOODRICH,
Of NEW YORK,
In the House of Representatives,
February 24, 1872.
The House having met for debate as in Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union-
Mr. GOODRICH said:
Mr. Speaker : In entering upon the discus-
sion of the. bill which has been reported by the
Committee on Education and Labor, propos-
ing to pay $05,000 out of the national Treas-
ury to William and Mary college to reimburse
it for the destruction of its college buildings,
with its library and chemical and philosophical
apparatus, during the rebellion, I need
not say I can be actuated by no possible feel-
ings of personal hostility prompting a with-
holding of whatever it is just and necessary to
grant in order to the prosperity of this ancient
and renowned institution. I entertain, I trust,
due respect for its services in the field of cul-
ture in the past; and remembering the many
of our distinguished dead to whom it gave in-
struction, and that among their number are
Washington, Jefferson, and others of renown—■
men who have shed undying luster on Amer-
ican character and history—I am free to say
that if any considerations foreign to the real
merits of the measure could induce me to
overlook what I deem in it not only unwar-
rantable, but also most pernicious, and to
give to it my support, these recollections
might well have that effect.
But, sir, my objections to this reimburse-
ment are of such a nature as not to be in my
judgment either overlooked or disregarded;
especially in consideration of the period when
it is brought, forward, and of the evil effects
■which must result from its passage in supply-
ing a bad precedent to guide future legislation
on other claims of a similar character, which
the recognition and payment of the present
one will be sure to bring here for equal favor.
On what ground, Mr. Speaker, does William
and Mary college ask for this reimbursement?
I have looked into the petition of the memo-
rialists anil the accompanying papers, and
have attentively examined the report of the
committee ou whose recommendation the bill
is before us, and I find the claim to rest in sub-
stantially the following facts: that Williams-
burg being held by a garrison of our forces,
(the fifth Pennsylvania cavalry under Colonel
Campbell,) was, early in the morning of the 9th
of September, 1862, attacked by a detachment
of rebel cavalry that succeeded in gaining and
holding possession of the place until about
eleven o'clock in the forenoon, when they
left, and our forces immediately returned and
again took possession : that, as the claim is,
some straggling soldiers belonging to the gar-
rison, returning in the afternoon of the same
day, provoked at their temporary defeat, and
drunken, disorderly, and insubordinate, fired
and destroyed the college edifice, with the
library, apparatus, &c. ; and as Williamsburg
was in our military occupation at the time, and
as the Government had, as it is claimed, pre-
viously occupied the property to some extent
for its own convenience, it is asserted that
the college should be reimbursed by the Uni-
ted States for the loss, in consideration that
the property destroyed was educational prop-
erty, which, by the rules of war, is exempt
from permanent capture or wanton destruc-
tion by an invading army.
No^one will deny that the Government of
the I'nited States has ever been ready to rec-
ognize to the fullest extent its obligation to
promote in others and adopt for itself whatever
rules have in modern times received the ap-
proval of civilized nations for the purpose of
mitigating the hardships and horrors, while
essentially preserving the efficacy of war, the
stern, though sometimes necessary and indis-
pensable arbiter in human affairs. By its
general military order No. 100, adopted dur-
ing the rebellion, on purpose that its benefits
might be extended to the sections then at war
with the Government, all the most humane
modifications of the rules of war which have
ever received sanction in any civilized nation
are fully recognized. It declares that our
armies, holding military possession of hostile
territory, shall respect as inviolate and exempt
from permanent capture and wanton destruc-
tion or wanton injury of any kmd, not only
educational buildings and property, and all
churches, hospitals, and charitable institutions,
&c., but also the persons of private citizens,
and even their property, subject to certain
qualifications, which in nowise relate to injuries
done by disorderly, unauthorized soldiers.
Hence, one consequence to result from allow-
ing the claim of William and Mary College as
equitably due to it, because the property de-
stroyed, though destroyed by such soldiers,
was property which the Government was obli-
gated by the rules of war and its own declared
assent thereto, through the order mentioned, to
respect must be to hold it accountable also for
all other injuries done by its unauthorized sol-
diers either to persons or property, which, if
done by its Army, would be a violation of such
rules. If liable for the destruction by such sol-
diers of educational property, must it not be
for that of church property, and also for that of
hospitals ? And as both the persons and prop-
erty of private citizens are also within the
protection of the same rules of war, must not
the Government be further liable for wanton
injuries by unauthorized soldiers done to such
persons and their property? Indeed, sir, to
what a shoreless ocean of liability would not
the recognition of this claim for reimburse-
ment commit the Government in respect to
tlie war of the late rebellion ? What nation
has ever adopted any such rule, or could long
survive if it should adopt it?
Mr. Speaker, I deny altogether that there is
any such rule of liability known to the code
of war ; but I insist, on the contrary, that the
iuie is that no nation is required by that code
to hold itself bound to reimburse, and no nation
ever does reimburse, injuries done to others by
disorderly, unauthorized soldiers belonging to
its armies.
But to bring the true question involved still
more distinctly to view, and to show more fully
my grounds of objection to making the reim-
bursement claimed, I ask the attention of the
House to the relation in which Williamsburg
and the property in question at the time of its
destruction stood to the Government of the
United States. It was, as all know, as early
as May, 1861, that Virginia seceded and joined
with other disaffected States io making actual
open war on the Government. Her entire
population was to be presumed, perhaps, to go
with her in the act, until, by the proclamation
of President Lincoln, ceitain sections which
were ascertained to be loyal were there by
excepted and declared to be not hostile.
But James City county, of which Williams-
burg is the county seat, was not of such ex-
cepted territory ; nor should it have been, for
in no part of the State was the doctrine of
secession more generally or violently embraced, j
and in no part were the instigators of the rebel-
lion more fierce and determined, than in that
county, including especially the city of Wil-
liamsburg.^ Indeed, through its board of man-
agers and its faculty, the college itself became
at once a most willing coiiperator, for no sooner
was the act of secession declared to be ratified
in the State, than, closing its doors against
further instruction, it dismissed its students to i
fill up the ranks of war, and yielded its build- I
ings as barracks for companies and squadrons
then rapidly forming ill the interests ot the
grand conspiracy for the overthrow of the
Government. Why, sir, some of its fnends
and managers entered very early into the ser-
vice of the rebellion, and became prominent
among its military officers. I may mention
General Wise for one, (who wasone of its board
of visitors,) because his statement makes a part
of the case on which the present bill has been
reported. So was its president, Benjamin S.
Bwell, another, who is its president still, and
also the principal memorialist asking for this
reimbursement. So that at the time of the
destruction of its property this college was not
only within hostile territory, but was itself
hostile to the Government of the United States.
It was property of au enemy, in an enemy's
territory, .held by a garrison of our troops.
The question of liability involved, therefore,
bears uo analogy whatever to that which is
presented when property belonging to a friendly
citizen in friendly territory is m the posses-
sion of our Army lor army use, and is destroyed
while thus held. For there the liability de-
pends on contract, rests in friendly comity be-
tween the citizen and his Government, and the
latter would pay whether the destruction was
voluntary or not. But in the present case there
was no friendly comity, no contract between
the Government and the college, relating to
the property.
Sir, in this connection I beg leave to call*at-
tention to the statement in the report of the
committee to the effect that subsequently to
May, 1861, up to May, 1862, the college build-
ings had been used first for barracks and after-
ward for a hospital by our forces. This must
be a mistake, for it will readily occur to every
one that until the battle of Williamsburg,
which was fought by our forces under General
McOlellan, on the 5th of May, 1802, the con-
federates had held the place, and we had no
soldiers there to need either barracks or hos-
pital. It wasnotourtroopsbutthe confederates
that had thus used the property up to the time
of that battle when they were driven out. From
that date down to the time when the property
was destroyed, (September 9, 1862,) our gar-
rison occupied the town ; but there is nothing
in the committee's report (striking out the
error already mentioned) and nothing that I
have been able to discover in any of the
papers, to show that it had occupied any of
the buildings of the college more than for
holding in one of them a court-martial. It
may have occupied them for other temporary
purposes; but even if that were so, as there is
no pretense that the buildings were ever taken
possession of by our Army or the garrison for
general army purposes with a view to render-
ing compensation therefor to the owners, it
must be presumed that the use the garrison
made of them,^ whatever it may have been,
was only for its'temporary convenience—a use
such as the Rules of War tolerate in an in-
vading army in*the enemy's country, and such
as the Government of the United States, by the
military order which I have already referred
to, clearly intend insisting on for the con-
venience of its Army quartered in an ene-
my's country. I send to the Clerk's desk and
ask to have read the paragraphs marked to
show the Government intended, in the pub-
lication of that order, still to insist upon this
right of temporary occupation.
The Clerk read as follows:
"34. As a general rule, the property belonging
to churches, to hospitals, or other establishments
of an exclusively charitable character, to estab-
lishments of education, or foundations for the
promotion of knowledge, whether public schools,
universities, academies oflearning or observatories,
museums of the fine arts, or of a scientific charac-
ter—'.such property is not to be considered as public
property m the sense of paragraph thirty-one; but
it may be taxed or used token the public service may
require it.
